Hello? All right
good, how are you?
This time of year in uh in Oregon is it usually is usually pretty ratings. It's sort of like Washington.
Got
it.
I'm in Baltimore and
it's uh it's rainy um Today but around this time of the year it's usually pretty good weather. It's usually like 65 sunny most of the time,
most of the time
in the winter. You know it doesn't it doesn't get that much snow. Um But to be honest with you I've only been here since february so I
haven't
full went winter but when I came here in february it was it's not several times in february but then it got pretty warm after that so.
Well
Virginia is pretty expensive.
Charlottesville.
You
know.
uh the
D. C. Area we call the D. M. V. Area. Um For D. C. It's like it's like that area that's around D. C. Virginia. Um And that area, my sister lives there and she lives in Arlington and she pays I want to say uh yeah I think like $2400 a month for a one bedroom apartment in Arlington.
And it's not, I mean it's pretty nice place, I mean it's like secure, I mean it's pretty nice so I would say I wouldn't call it a luxury apartment but I would call it like a middle class apartment, you know? Um.
No.
That's crazy. Yeah my brother he's uh he's he lives in the bay Area but he has to have two room. It's you know and uh which is but he doesn't like roommates but he has to, you know just put the rent otherwise you just can't do it. You can have just live in your car. I've
heard of people in that area renting out like office space and living in their office space in
the
bay
area.
I don't think that would be very good. Uh Air filtration in that area?
Mm hmm. Yeah. So what type of lawyer do you want to be
that
that's
not
extends.
True
job.
So
yeah, I was actually just talking to a lawyer yesterday. Um but I already forget the conversation. I did one of these yesterday and the guy was a lawyer and I forget what type of, it was hard, it was hard to keep track in the conversation because he was he was super wasted actually.
Like he was he was like, he was like drunk, he was dropping stuff everywhere on this conversation and I was like, I was like what is going on over there? But um but yeah, he uh here's some lawyer, I forget. Uh so it's not a very good story,
it's scripted.
Yeah, I think he did you know what he did? He did uh like uh ip law with like
and like with like counterfeiting, I think
I'm still,
because we talked about a case, I saw something in the news the other day about how um what would you guess is Italy's main export?
Well it's like luxury goods and uh wine, you know, and there's a story in the news like yesterday where they busted this counterfeit wine, the operation um super sophisticated, who knew that people
are just counterfeiting
wine.
So
I'm
so
But
oh I want to, I want to be able to tell, I mean especially after the first drink be like okay whatever. Uh Yeah um
what
did they say?
Yeah they said um oh they said the operation had been going on, Oh the wine that they were counterfeiting was the world, it was raided last year is like the world's number one wine. So it's extremely expensive and it was on the east coast of Italy and they were putting some wine from the west coast of India of Italy um into these bottles and they said the bottles matched the perfect weight down to the weight of like a piece of tissue. That's how perfect. It wasn't the only way they only way they got caught was there were one of the they have been doing this for like 10 years and the only way they got caught is one of their truck delivery people was driving and accidentally dropped a case on the side of the road and I guess didn't notice and then some people came and they you know they they caught him just by just by just by a one small act of stupidity.
So who?
What well what about criminal law?
It's
you
are
are,
it.
No.
No.
But.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah now that I think about that especially if it was something like brutal, you know like a rapist or something and you know. Uh
So.
that would be difficult. Yeah you're right, it really does depend on the um the circumstance. Uh you can also I mean I don't know how does being a judge work, do you do you have to be a criminal lawyer first? You know?
I'm.
and
Yeah. You might change your mind to and uh I went to, so I went to medical school not far from Charlottesville in Lynchburg Virginia. And I did uh but I only did, I dropped, I got a biomedical sciences degree and then I did a year medical school and I realized I hated it. And so now I work in technology, which is just completely different. So but um uh but yeah, you should find out soon because those bills can rack
up.
Or you or you could just gamble and then uh go into debt and then hope some super progressive liberal candidate wipes out all all your expenses.
That's another
option.
I worked for a an agency, they're actually out in new york, but I'm in Baltimore I was before this actually was living in Panama, but because of the coronavirus, I do, I was repatriated. Um, basically said I had to go back to United States, I didn't know where, I didn't know where to go, but my sister was an early 10, which is like 30 minutes away, and I was like, and I know a lot of her friends, I was like, I'll just, I'll just come back into this area. Um, we basically, we we we create software that helps for like corporate training, um, mainly around how to make ID E eight and stuff come up with new ideas and, um, uh, mainly around like customer experience and how, how users, uh, you know, interact with their, with their products. Um, so I've been doing that for quite a while and it's not enough. So it's like, um, I'm uh, 10 99 so some months are really busy. Some months aren't, which is the flexibility even before coronavirus was great because I can work anywhere. I mean, I was, I was in Panama brazil and talk about rent. I mean you can get like, uh, even in Panama City, which is probably the most expensive place. I was in South America. Um, you know, you can get a luxury apartment there, like a luxury high rise with cleaning because most of the places they're cleaning because they, they want to sort of check up on you, make sure you're not trashing the apartment, but you get like a luxury one for like 415 months probably.
Yeah. But my Panama city was actually the most expensive because Kansas city is actually, it's a, it's a, it's actually like a first world city in a third world country. It's very tied to America. Actually the official currency in Panama is the US dollar. They do have a balboa but it's they accept both. It's tied. It's one on one because we helped them with the Panama Canal and so are like our diplomatic relations are like deep with them.
No.
I
was just hopping around um you know I was with a buddy of mine and we he was he was a programmer and we're just hopping around splitting places and then I ended up staying there liked it. Um uh I really like the um this area called Gambo which is like a rain forest area. Um like a real rainforest is just it was very it was very silent. It was nice. But the internet spotty. That's the problem.
Yeah. Yeah. So really what you have to do is have to uh you know I have to call ahead of time before you book a place like an Airbnb or you get an apartment and to have them test the internet and you have to do you know you have to go through a process and then also make sure that you have backup options. So yep
have you ever been to south America or central America?
No
and
Mhm
and
here
my
so
we
ha
ha
ha
ha
yeah like you said it could be a good place to get stuck, you know
you have to
you know you have to have a really you have to have a lot of things sort of lined up um also because you know what if you lose a job and you're in Mexico and then you know and then you got to fly back and you know so you you have to have like a lot of things going on and you have to be prepared. Like expats are usually like pretty prepared with that stuff you know multiple forms of couple banks you know have all the cards, paypal Venmo all that stuff you know.
it's
If it
the
no
go ahead.
you
To speak
with
your response?
Yeah
the uh the thing that I screwed up on the most, well I thought I was prepared for everything but the thing that I screwed up the most was I'm pretty tall guy. I'm I'm six ft seven and my my my shoe size is 14.5 and they don't sell that size down there. Those ties down the maximum size they have there is 12 and amazon especially in Panama. Panama doesn't really have a mailing system. Like the U. S. Postal service there's no such thing as a proposal service. Um and there you can order something from amazon for the United States but it takes like three months and then like the odds of it even coming to you are I mean it's up in the air even when you're using like ups and stuff so those are the things you have to think about
practical
things.
Yeah
it's
not very fun.
but
great
but
you
know so
what?
Quick
for
Singapore, they speak english. Right
mm. There what's what's your thought on their government there? Because like I don't know a lot about it but I understand they're pretty strict but also it's a good thing in some ways but in other ways it's bad. What's your opinion on there?
No.
Man.
Where are
they?
Well
No way. Just weed wow,
that
blows
my mind, that blows my mind apart.
they usually have, I mean I guess the good side is they're pretty wealthy country, right?
I heard um not to think about and I think I know more about Singapore than I thought but I I I thought I didn't know much about it but I thought I thought I read something a few months ago that they have a like a high population of people from like Malaysia and countries like that who worked there as almost sort of like slave labor in a way, like a
really low wages and do some of that work.
Well no.
you know,
keep
it clean
just
Fuck
yourself
that record. Mhm.
perhaps.
But with that, would you say Singapore is a place to like, because I've never I've traveled to never places, but I've actually I've never been anywhere in Asia, the farthest east, I've been as Russia, but I've never been anywhere in Asia and I'd like to go sometime um it's Singapore, like a place that people vacation at or is it more just like a more of like a financial place for people, you know, what would you say? Is it is it is it tourist destination?
man.
because
they
don't
they
don't know, they're there and some of those european countries, they don't even they don't have the concept of tipping, so yeah.
you
could,
No.
google
And
that's good to know.
That sounds
perfect.
Well,
thanks,
thanks for
the
advice. Well, I think our
I think our time's up here. What? I don't think you got your name. My name is ted not like we'll probably never see each other again. What was your name?
well, it was nice to meet you have
a great weekend