Yeah. Yeah. Oh okay. Yeah.
Hey how's it going?
I'm pretty solid. Yeah it's been I'm up in Portland Oregon right now and it was this morning and now it's significantly left honey so it's been like okay mm.
this is like the zone in which the day is either beautiful and gorgeous and like 65 out or just miserable and muddy and wet and like 50 out. So it's room it's like in that transition zone. Yeah.
Well
what about you? What's the weather like where you're at?
Ooh.
How
cold does it get down there?
I'll
break it
Because I'm looking at I'm applying to law schools right now and I'm looking down and not not in Maryland specifically but in D. C. And Virginia. And I've spent like no time in those regions are I've been there during the summer which is a completely different story. Um I'm assuming the weather is like fairly similar. It's good to know what part
of you
it's yeah parts of it are but I'm looking at you via in Charlottesville which is like small enough that it's not so
bad. Yeah I'm I'm a little more worried about like D. C. Or the cost of living in like the big cities because I've never Portland's biggest city I've lived in and we got a really good deal here. So I'm definitely
like
not looking words about potential. Yeah.
Uh.
that's so much.
I also I'm I was talking because I am right now my I pay like $750 a month for rent in in a city which is ridiculous. So my
standards have been like you know I'm paid very little bit, my one of my friends is down in the bay area right now in Berkeley for at Berkeley for school and his one bedroom is 3000 month, which I cannot, I can literally like, can't imagine what that's like.
no,
I've heard
of that
too.
One of my, one of my friends was talking kind of seriously about trying to get like a storage space, you know, like a storage unit and living in there and I was like, that's where I draw the line, like I can't miserable.
I don't think it would be very good at anything.
Great question. Um really, I mean the pipe
dream would be international
human
rights, but they're like zero jobs for that. So it really, it depends
on, I think what I end up liking in law school because I'm trying, trying to keep my options open since I know the dream job
is
so
dream, you know. Mhm,
great,
There
was a, there was a wasted lawyer involved.
Sparrow.
Mm How interesting.
That's I mean that's cool, like way beyond me, but like
I've legitimately no idea. I know they do a lot of industrial stuff down the south, but that's like as far as I know.
That's
no
exactly that I just think you're going to say like pan bags or something. But I mean, I feel as someone who is not a wine expert, you could want, you could fool me so
easily like if you, I'm
not going to be, I can tell the difference between like a $5 bottle of wine and like a $20 you know, But anything beyond that is like you could, you could
so easily flow me. So I guess that
it checks out. Yeah.
Yeah. That's really funny. I'm gonna
be thinking
about that now. That's funny.
Yeah. That's crazy.
The more, you know,
it's interesting
to me. I just, I feel like I need to know more about it because part
of
it, part of what
stresses me out is the idea of like of course if I
was always on the morally right side of the case, it would be no problem. Like I think that was cool. But realistically sometimes you're gonna have to be defending someone who you just know is
guilty and like I don't know how well I can handle that if it's something, if it's minor stuff like if this is like divorce court and it's like, you know, that's a much lower. I mean emotionally not great,
but like lower stakes thing. But if it's like we're dealing
with someone that you are like 99% sure killed someone and you're trying to convince people that he didn't like I feel like that would get to me. It was, you know, you know what I mean?
Or like imagine being like the ones like OJ's lawyer, you know like I don't wanna I don't wanna
do that. Like I mean you're going to get famous but like Yeah.
I actually,
I'm not sure about the exact process. I don't I I know
it basically takes like forever and you have to be hyper qualified so that I should probably figure that out The reality. The reality of law school. That's kind of weird is that it's actually completely acceptable to go in and say like I have no idea what I want to do. Which feels weird to me because it's such a like, you know, you're paying so much money to spend three years studying this but it's really common to have no idea what you want to do going in or like how stuff works. Um I hope I figure stuff out. Mhm
that's and
that's the stresses me out is like I know I mean if you if you did your medical school you know the drill right of like it really builds up and I have so far I have like a good offer from a slightly lowering school and for me it's like do I, the stressful part is I know if you go to a really great great ranks school, it's like okay you're going to have more job offers, you're gonna be able to earn more money but I also do not want to go a quarter of a million dollars in debt to get access to that you know? And it's like if I could get a full ride at a lower rank school like with this with the lack of stress of not being in like soul crushingly deep debt be work that yes, that's definitely something I'm hoping. I'm really hoping to get money from a good school because that would make my life 100 times easier, but who knows? Right.
Really? I mean
I've
got a dream. Right? Yeah. So what do you do, what do you do now you said you're in technology? Mhm.
That's crazy. Okay, that's good. That's good to know what?
I did not know we were that tight with them. I mean
I knew that like there was some relationship there, but I had no idea was that extreme. What, why did you decide to go there to
live?
Yeah, but that makes sense for someone in tech that seems not that ideal.
that checks out,
not south
America, but I did
a summer program in Mexico, which was really, I'm from Hawaii originally, so I did not know any, I had taken one year of spanish um
and I was okay,
but you know, I didn't
have any of the cultural immersion that you get a lot of like the southern, you know, mainland us
because there's just no spanish speakers in Hawaii. Um So
we, it
was in the, not Mexico city and it was in kenya to which is like a smaller state where it's really not touristy and it kind, I mean it was amazing experience, but like my spanish was so bad when I
showed up
and
no
one speaks english there because it's not a lot of tourists. And you find like in my host family, the dad was the only one who was like, okay, I think it was never home, so it was definitely a like, okay, I'm gonna have to sink or swim here, but it was, I mean it was amazing, like I um I've been one of my friends is there right now and I don't think I'm going to go right, because I just I mean it seems like a good way to get stuck somewhere right now, the border closes, but I was, before everything happened, I was considering you're trying to move and like do basically working out like you were um because it was it's I mean it's a great, great place, but
Especially
now. Yeah.
when I was, I was in Singapore all the way across the world for about half a year and it was, I had no idea what goes into because even for half a year, you know, which is not a crazy amount of time, just the amount of stuff you need to be aware of basically in case anything goes wrong, you know, like okay, I have my, my money in my drawer and I have my one card that works with, you know, the certain certain places
at all yet. It was,
it was weird like I
mean go for
what are you saying?
I mean, I was just gonna say like it was a great
experience, but like definitely taught me to be way
more
responsible
for myself, not even in like in a maturity way, just like, you know, realistic, like what stuff do you keep on you at all times? Yeah. Uh
huh.
That's
it.
Um I actually had a similar, I don't have big feet, but my feet are wide um
which is in America, not, I mean even in America for women's feet, right, it's like not a, it's not
very common
and in Asia I just had to be like, okay, these are my shoes while I'm here. Like I guess I'm not getting shoes that fit every time. Yeah, it was not, you know, it's the little things that you don't realize they're
just like different
clothing
trends are different, you know,
stuff
like that. Like I didn't um like
there you can wear basically
in Singapore, you can
wear like short shorts and slippers and that's fine. But if you wear a tank top that shows any cleavage whatsoever. That that's unprofessional. Even if it's in like a nice, even if it's like a shoulder covered, you know, like nice top. So it was definitely a weird thing to realize like okay, we're gonna have to like it's only T shirts here where whatever you want from the waist down. But
yeah, they do well, they technically a four official languages, but pretty much everyone speaks english. Yeah.
Actually, um actually wrote my senior thesis about specifically relating to their government policies. I really like it. Actually. I think my reasoning is that I think there's no way it could translate to the U. S. Because
it's way too small and the government is so different from ours. Um, but they're a really authoritarian country, but they genuinely have their citizens interest in mind, which I think, which is pretty unusual, right? Like
you hear authoritarian, you're thinking like a lot of corruption, a lot of exploitation, but there's things like, okay, you guys know the rules like don't don't chew gum in public because you were cramming up that you're like making everything gross. So like truth in your homes don't shoot them public and we're not going to get mad at you. It's like, you know like there's an actual enforceable fine for littering where you like if you if people see you littering, you'll probably have to pay like 50 50 bucks where it's just it's tough words, reasonable rules, you know? And some of them they're very strict though. Um So it's it's a system that works I think only works because they have a small population and because everyone gets the kind of gets what's going on. Um It's the people like, especially people who come and try to import drugs illegally, they still, they have an active death penalty that they use and it's used barely, especially if you're importing
drugs,
even
if it's if it's just marijuana. Um Someone last year was put to death for importing like a couple of kilos of weed.
which is which I think is like pretty fucked up. But
it's
also.
I know yeah, no it's it's crazier, especially like coming from Oregon where it's legal. Um But the thing I do give the reason I'm like okay I kind of get it is that this is just they've always done this and it's never it's not like a you know well you're kind of allowed to but these other people and it's like no if we catch you you're going down so I don't love it, but I get it, you know? And it seems fair to me just because people know the drill. Mhm.
Oh yeah it's the when I was first there, I mean you're, you're in Baltimore, so I'm sure you've seen like large homeless populations just in any big city. Um there when I first my first week or two, they were like, oh, you should come to this um, this program we're doing. It's a speech talk on how to solve the homeless problem in Singapore. I was like, oh, how bad is it here? They're like, oh well we have a few homeless people. I was like, that's the extent of the problem. It's like they're like under 100 homeless people, you know, like some like ridiculously small amount. It's just a very well supported wealthy country. So the problems are all they exist, but there's so much smaller than anything else, You know, Like I didn't see any, there's no such thing as like a homeless encampment there or like anything like that.
No.
Yeah, you do, you do know a lot more than, yeah, they have a really large migrant worker population. A lot of them are actually from India as well. Um, they come up for a distance and that's part, that is probably the part of the country that everyone has the most issues with. Everyone who's mildly socially progressive because it's really how they keep the quality of life so high
is that they import these laborers and they have really bad living conditions. It's essentially barracks and you get paid like a couple bucks a day to build roads and to, you know, keep
things
clean
and to
just keep everything working. Um, a lot of people, the reason it got so much attention in the past year.
So
is that when the coronavirus,
the report was doing really amazing, you know, they closed off, they basically had no new cases and then they restarted their migrant worker program
but they didn't increase the quality of living for those people. So it just read everywhere because they're living in these barracks right where it's like 20 people to 100 square foot place. Yeah. And that's what drew a lot of international attention was the country's been doing so well. And then for a while it had like the highest increase in cases in Asia because of that. Just. Yeah.
It's kind of both. I would recommend if you go to Singapore plan planet either living there for a while or only spending two days there because it's interesting the public transit is great and the food is super cheap, but the cost of living is fairly expensive. You know, renting a place there is a little bit cheaper than in the U. S. But not by such a big amount that it's like you know you're not you're not saving a ton of money. Um So it's really good for a short visit because it has, you know everyone's gonna understand you first of all. Um The really nice thing about being in Southeast Asia that I didn't realize that generally is an american is that we have a better reputation traveling there than Europeans because a lot of, yeah because the thing what I didn't realize is that it's pretty expensive to get over there from America right? So the people usually get there either people who tip well or kind of non kind of harmless like you know the nomad travellers right who don't we're kind of obnoxious but don't do anything bad, The Europeans who show up it's cheaper. So
it's all the like the party people who show up and trash the area and a rude and don't tip your american, they
actually
like
you a lot
more.
And they don't, it's not like a bad thing if you don't tip in Southeast Asia, it's just like, oh you're not like actively trashing our country and you gave me like an extra buck
like
okay, you know you and you immediately like go to the
top of the top of the pool so people and you get, it's a very polite country which I appreciate it like you can uh it's a good place to be a visitor. Um I'd say the same thing for Thailand in a different way where it's really easy to visit. Um Some of the countries like I'm a little bit nervous about ever going to china just because I know it's, unless you're in the really big cities if you don't speak any mandarin or Cantonese like can't really do much. And
the safety and the safety doesn't seem great to me either. Um Yeah, like Singapore and Thailand I think are probably the best to visit as a tourist because they're
safe. People speak english.
Yeah. And Thailand, especially if you ever wanted to spend time somewhere in Asia. Way cheaper, huge expat populations but also like a very clear cultural identity. So it's interesting. Um
but
it's still easy to get around. Yeah. Would would recommend as
someone
who wasn't an expert
in
Thailand.
Well
laura lee. Yeah,
meet you.
Yeah. You too. Bye.