how are you?
I'm good.
Have you done this before?
I
did it one I did one at one time about,
I don't know
before coronavirus and, and they paired me up with a female. It was, it was fun. Um, where
do I'm Christie
Bennett, Nice to meet you. Where do you live us?
In florida? Okay, so you're a hard hit place. How are you? Are you fearing with the whole pandemic thing?
Did you lose your job too?
Teaching,
teaching
english?
wow. What
happened to our new stuff?
Did somebody,
and
what, what about like rent and all of that kind of stuff? What are they doing? Um, are they helping you or forgiving it?
So
you don't
how
you're going to get your stuff?
Young?
Well,
I was gonna say see something cliche when you said it's pretty cheap rent, but I opt I
opted
to
so anyway. Well, I guess it's better to be, I don't know, is it better to be stuck here or stuck under the conditions they were imposing in china.
Well at first it seemed like they
locked
down
pretty tight like like within that
first several months or so. But then
I
guess everybody's changing how they do things now so.
Are they forbidding um travel from us or anywhere else? Okay.
I heard within the last few days I don't know if it was associated with new york or not but I heard there's no travel here from like the U. K. Um Some of that that area.
actually
And
then and then what are we supposed to do about the people
who are now infected because they were part of all the protests or the political rallies who now are going to go and visit their their mother in another state. There's something like that. I mean it's a little hard to control that sort
of thing, especially
if people decide that it isn't such a serious thing anymore. And that's that's kind of my concern is become, I think it's human nature to become a little bit lax over time, but this is a little bit too serious to do that, so. Mhm.
Since 1918.
Um yeah, and then of course, I know parts of your state were reopening and now closing again because there was a resurgence and things like that. So. So
what do you do for fun now? Do you do you have another job here in the US temporarily or not?
Except prolific.
It
prolific
has been
pretty good actually. I've tried out a lot of different um survey things just for extra money. And
prolific is by far to me the most interesting because the studies are all academically based and their pay rate is much more fair than some of the others. Um And that's what I like about it because many of the surveys are quite interesting and you know
the one that's called branded surveys that forever to do anything. Um If I weren't close to getting almost $10, then I might just stop it entirely. I might go just till I make that next point and then stop because it takes a lot of time. Much more time than anything on prolific does. Um for far less payment. So that's kind of how old is your baby?
Yes.
Something to focus your energies on and
you might
not have had nearly as much time with him at this age if other circumstances were involved. So
I don't know.
I guess it.
Are you
living
with them?
So
you're all
stuck together? Is it is it your folks? So how does your wife handle that? Is there is everything kind of friendly or is there that normal kind of a little mother in law clash once in a while,
is it?
Mhm.
Not
bad.
Um
Another thing I started doing recently for extra money because I lost, I have I've been a substitute teacher for like 20 years and of course substitutes if schools are closed, you have no work. So that shot went high and then um I work part time at a pet store petsmart. And um I took a voluntary leave. It was just a little too scary for me, they're considered essential. Well I
just I didn't feel safe. So um I took voluntary leave and then they turned that into a furlough. So that
job
was gone. And then um my third job is a real estate agent and that market has really changed. I mean I carry a thing of wipes around me everywhere I go, but you still have to keep distance and businesses like dropped off the face of the earth. So um basically everything, but I did find recently, like within the last say two months I found this teaching english site, it's called Cambly. It's much
more informal, more informal than what you do or other tutoring sites. I have a referral link
if you're interested, I can send it to you. Um Thank
you Cambly. C A M. B. L. Y. And It's not great pay, it's like
uh 17 cents a minute, works out like 10 20 an hour. But they pay you through paypal so
you don't, you don't necessarily have to report it because Cambly will not send a 10 99 to anyone. And Paypal will, unless you make a lot of money and
you know, so, um,
so I've been doing that for a
couple weeks now and it's been okay.
You know, you get your share of five minute trial students that are silly and you know, then they're gone. Or I guess there are some customs in other areas of the world, like I forgot which, which nationality. It's perfectly acceptable for a male to come on a video with no shirt. Uh, and then there are the ones
that are, I had one
teenage
kid all he wanted, well give me your WhatsApp address and we're not allowed to do that, you know, But those have only been very infrequent and some of the rest of them have been
very interesting. Um, met one guy from Brazil. He was a vet. That was one of the best talks because I wanted to be a vet and I have have right next to me keeping me company. Um
in china,
but who feeds it?
That's
good.
that's
that's just full for you guys and for the cat. This one here next to me and well, if you one month from yesterday, she'll be 19. So she's a
she's an old lady, her sister, her sister died, her real sister died about a year ago just shy of 18 on So I'm I'm hopeful you're only hopeful. But like I was telling you this Cambly site is not a ton of money, but at least you don't have to take the taxes out of it. And um you know it's fairly interesting. You learn stuff around about other cultures. Mostly. I've talked to people in Turkey and Saudi Arabia
and its its informal, it's not like you have to have a uh set up class or anything, you'd be great at it since you already teach english. But it's just you know it's some extra money. Um which helps if you don't have anything coming in. Well yeah but
Yeah and I just
went back, went back two weeks ago. Yeah
and
well
it's funny because I didn't think I actually didn't think I could get it from there because I was on a voluntary leave but
then I found out that they actually did furlough me which is fine but I didn't even want employment unemployment from them. But I've never applied in my whole life, I had never applied. But what was stopping me is that for substitute teaching when you sign up every year you sign this piece of paper acknowledging that you cannot go after unemployment when you're not working in the summer. And I've operated under that principle for years because it's it's not a contract job or anything. But um when I went to go turn my paper in that said yeah I'll come back next year. I asked somebody in human resources, I said well
you know since school closed and there's no work, are we allowed to apply for unemployment? They told me yes. So this is two months after the fat though. I mean my last day of school was in The 3rd Week of March. I didn't apply till the end of May. I
got
unemployment. It's it's not watch, I mean it's paltry. But what made it important is the um pandemic unemployment assistance
program, the
federally
funded poll. So as long as you qualify for even $1 of unemployment Then you'll get the extra 600. And and it happened. And I was like yeah and
then
pets
what what?
I don't
know how to get that. They did not do that and I don't know I miss something or I don't know, I don't know how to, I don't know how to find out and you can't get them on the phone. At least not not in Illinois, it's been very difficult. So
so I don't know how to pursue
that. But uh so now that petsmart has
me
back again, I'm worried that that amount of the amount of hours that they give me would screw up the unemployment because they are listed on there. And so I'll find out this week because I do the reporting on monday and I work to hold seven hours in two weeks. So and they break it down first week, how many dollars did you make? And it doesn't matter if you've been paid, you have to report what you earned, even if you haven't gotten paid yet. So The first week it would be like three hours worth, which is not very much like $36. And the second week is like four hours today was today was one of them. And then so when the when the next check comes, I will find out the ramifications of working and you know what it does to the amount as long as it stays above a dollar that I'm qualified for. I don't care because
it's
was the
it
was the
other part
that
I needed. So um so I don't know, I don't know enough about how it works and I don't know how to go after retroactive to date of loss. Um
I still haven't been able to figure it out. I've tried but I can't do it.
and that's
what I heard but and and the thing is like my daughter replied but she's got a completely different circumstance because she's like a gig worker type thing so she didn't qualify for regular unemployment which was a requirement.
And then
if you're denied regular then you can apply for P. U. P. U. A. Pandemic unemployment assistance. Different program one for the 600 has different initials and so she applied got denied then applied to the the next one and she got it and they
when they sent her her first like check in they went all the way back to her date
of loss. But that didn't happen When I got my 4th 1. So I don't know. I don't know if it's because it's regular
unemployment.
I don't I don't know I don't know if sending in an email would help, it'll get lost in the sea of emails I'm sure. So anyway
it's
it's a it's a lot of hoops to jump through but you know if you need the money then you have to do it. So I just wish I would have done it sooner and didn't assume that I couldn't um But you know I've
been operating under that assumption for 20 years so it's it's like Okay well we're just not allowed to get it so but
you
know
anyway um
Okay next subject do you pick?
You can pick what you want. I'm signed up to go K through eight when
I a long time ago I focused more on the little kids. Um As my kids grew up I grew up in substituting
are you okay? You are still there, Your video went away,
so
So um then as my kids grew up I started taking older grades. So now what I usually sub for is middle school, like 6th through 8th grade. And um pretty much that's all I do and I know who teaches what like I know certain teachers do math and social studies in a day, other teachers might do um communications in english, I tend to pick the teachers that do math and science because those are the subjects that I like the
best
and that I'm most proficient at and then I just follow the plans that they um the plans that they leave. Is there any chance of getting your video back that position?
Yeah, I can't see it at all. It's just
a it's a silhouette on the screen.
I don't know why it, I don't know. oh there you are, what
you do
the last
button you pressed. Um
But it's
you're
back,
you're a little blurry but not bad, I mean
I can still see your features and stuff but yeah, I like the, I like something, it's for the most part it's pretty good, but you know what I've noticed over 20 years the kids are getting so much more rude, I'm really rude, really disrespectful and you feel like you're always on them because of that uh that part I don't like I don't know what it is, I don't know if if parenting has changed over the years or I
just I don't know what it is um.
Yeah.
there are a lot of hoops to jump through and boy do I feel sorry for for teachers right now here because what are you doing? Um Oh she found garbage on the floor. I was she was all
laying weird. Uh
They have to um come up with an entire online curriculum. I mean they did for the end of school, I don't know what's going to happen in the fall because they haven't announced if school is reopening. So I don't know, I kind of hope they hold off a little bit, but you know that's probably because it's easier to collect unemployment than it is to pick up the jobs and I'll be scared I don't want to be around all those kids. Um
So but if school starts then technically I'm not unemployed,
I just haven't I haven't if I don't accept any work, it's not refusing work, it's just not accepting work. That's a pretty fine line because on the on the form where you have to certify your hours, it asked you right on there, did you turn down any work?
So uh if my phone doesn't work then I can't hear it ring and then I'm not refusing any work. I don't
know I could make a case for it. We'll have to just see how it goes. How long do you think you're going to be stuck? There's no way of knowing when they're going to lift the travel? So you're you're gonna have to look for a job now here. Huh?
You
know
do you know of reputable ones then I was gonna say another, another site I use all the time is rat race rebellion. And I have it's for it's for like online work at home type jobs. And I frequently see you know teach chinese to kids online. Um And that would be it's not something I would do because I don't actually have teacher certification and I don't want to help people prepare for tests or anything Campbell because it can just be conversational as well.
Um But I know that that uh that one has come up quite a bit I've heard, I mean I I see it all the time because pretty much get an email from rat race rebellion once a day and it outlines the jobs that are out there. What I like about them is that they're they're kind of vetted first, they've checked into the legitimacy of of the ones that they're posting. Um So that kind of works out nicely but
yeah. Um So um mm next I just like really do a plate which is weird because I talk to people all day. Um And mostly people I don't know like real estate clients, things like that, except I have a fairly fixed script, so to speak,
you
know?
Is he a
licensed agent then?
So he might. Okay. Um because I know like to go see property. Yeah, that kind of thing. You have to to go look at it with somebody, you have to have a license. I'd
be curious
to, you know, if he has a he if he buys and sells, he probably has a real estate license, then he can save the commission, I mean.
Okay. Yeah, I got it. And then then that way the uh and it's of course it's the seller who's paying the commission, so he saves them money by doing that. Yes,
once
it's on the market, they have to wait until their uh their contractual obligation for the listing expires. Uh You know, they can't just let anybody come and do it, otherwise they still have to pay the commission on it. So
is it? Uh So he makes a good living at that? I'm no real estate tycoon, I don't make a living
at it. I'm lucky if I do one or two or three houses a year, that's why I have other jobs. Um And I don't know, it just could be um I don't know, I'm not cut throat, I'm just not like that, I'm too honest. Yeah. You know that's hard to say that anybody who does well is dishonest. It's just uh I don't know, it's something
about
it.
So
I am.
that I think that's probably got me into trouble before, but that's okay, it's who I am, so I'm not going to change it, right.
Some people appreciate that, you know? Mhm. Uh But uh yeah. What is your does your wife work or she's staying at home with your baby for now at least?
Um My son he just um yeah He just turned 33. They've been married now for I don't know four years or so, Maybe five. They live in Colorado. That's where I want to go after when I moved from here. And
they are just now they mentioned at first I have never ever ever asked but they mentioned they were thinking about having a kid now so I was like oh okay I don't care one way or another it might be it'll be fun. They had it. I had a grand kitty but grand kitty passed away and that was very sad.
They only had him for three years. He
had he had a heart condition, they adopted him when he was seven and he already had um a known heart condition and um A couple other things but they gave him the most
pampered wonderful three years he ever had. So that's a saving grace you know. But um so anyway yeah they they're thinking about that so um I'm
thinking
you to be are you right around that same age?
Okay. Yeah it just it seemed like you might be right around his same age. My daughter is 30 or she will be She'll be 31 next month. She was born in 89.
so yeah that will be interesting. And she doesn't live as far away. She lives about an hour away from me. Just moved to Wisconsin recently. Mhm. Um Just
north of where I live in Illinois
takes about an hour and 15 minutes to drive there. But um but at least I can visit but not really too much right now. We haven't seen each other. She did she did come visit on my birthday in May. Um And we just you know took a chance because I hadn't seen her in a while and you know we stayed away from each other. We didn't wear masks but we did stay away from each other a little bit
and she hadn't really been out much so I felt pretty safe. Um
It's just hard when you can't see the people that you you know would like to see. Uh huh.
Excellent.
Thanks.
okay.
He has incentive to keep himself very safe in his business dealings.
Yeah.
Is
it?
yeah.
Yeah I get it for sure. Um Would you like um the referral recruit
link for
gambling?
Can I have your email for one time? Use only? Um
If
you want
to hold it up I have a notebook with me. I'll write it down and um, and then I'll just send it to you via email. I'll remind you it's me from the prolific chat and then I'll just send you the referral link. Um It's not hard to use, not hard to get accepted and Once you get 10 hours of talk time It took me, I was only doing it a couple of days a week. So it took me about 2.5 weeks to get up to 10. Um then um, then I get a referral bonus, but then you, if you look under your profile, assume you get accepted and all of that kind of stuff. Then if you look under your profile, you'll have a referral link. If you give it to somebody and they complete the process. Then you'd get the bonus too
if you know other people who are in a pinch and and would like that sort of thing, you know? Um But I think that you'd be good at it just based upon what you've already told me. You do, you're like a shoe in, you might, you might actually like the ones that pay more, but you could also fill in with it whenever, because you can just jump on whenever you want to, if you want to, you know, um that's how I've been doing it. You can also reserve and sign up ahead and I just, oh, I have some time and I go and click the button and say, okay, I'll stay here now for
our
thank
you.
What happens, what they call it, what they call it is priority hours. So if you go on your dashboard screen, you can, you can see um your dashboard, you see priority hours and it's a big grid of time blocks priority waters or increments of one hour if you're spontaneously doing it. Like if I go on at 10 minutes to one and thought, okay, I check the video and I click from 1 to 2, I I select that priority our, then I'm committed to stay for that hour and any anybody who calls, you have to pick up, so you get, you get a whole bunch of different kinds of people. Um but so far it's worked out and I haven't gotten the hang of like developing a schedule that I'll follow and post
out there so people can select.
I
do, you do get a reservation link and I've sent that to people, but I hadn't posted any scheduled hours right now. I'm just kind of, since I'm still kind of learning it, I just think okay, I can spend a couple hours at this, so as long as that, as long as you click on that button before the half hour is up, like by 1 30 then you can click the 1 to 1 to two button and just sit there until two o'clock or you can click as many as you want, but once do that, you do have to commit to it since
your
spontaneously doing it, you can also sign up for those same hours ahead of time, then you just want to make sure you're not late. I've never done that just because it's easier for me to just, I never know if I'm going to get an appointment or something, but if I'm sitting around and I realized, oh yeah, I can sit here for another couple hours, then I'll click on and do it.
it works better for me that way, but there's a lot of flexibility with how they do it um and you'll have my email if you decide to do it and you get stuck II somebody else, one of my friends signed up and so she's just starting to learn it, so she text me questions all the time and I said oh yeah just click here and here, so and then she's found out some stuff by doing some reading that I hadn't done, so we go back and forth and it's it's helpful because um I might know something that she doesn't know and vice versa, so it's worked out pretty well. Uh what's your email,
I can just write it down yeah
together.
huh. Mhm,
Like frank, Yeah.
Yeah F M like the radio? Okay.
frank frank, Okay.
At what?
That's a new one on me, is
it dot,
is it dot com? Pro proton? P. R. O. T. O. N. Mail dot com.
After
after the follow up thing, I know that when we, when we end up hanging up we've got like 20 minutes of questions or something to answer.
Well when the survey part, whole thing is done, I'll send it to you, I'll send you the email. Mhm.
Yeah. Okay. Let me. Okay. Okay. F. F. E. N. W. E. F. F. O. Wolf. Like a dog at protein mail dot com. Okay.
Yeah. And who knows, I mean you might think it sucks or you might think it's workable
and
like I said they pay you through Paypal and they pay you once a week on Mondays, whatever you've made the previous week. I think
I'm
up to a whole $73 this week. You know,
it's a little
something,
But yeah,
we passed our time limit.
You're ready to, you ready to go do the rest of it.
Uh, it's been fun, definitely. And um, I'll try and email you the, the referral link. It goes on the application, so you have to use it in the application. Um, I'll
send
it before then. For sure.
Well,
yeah, and good luck if you end up doing it and I hope your kid is okay.
neat. Was he born in china or
Oh, let me,
Well before my daughter moved out, um, one of our cats, she just decided to claim the claim her and then she adopted another one. So then she took the two younger ones when she moved out. But one of them who was really my cat, a friend of mine does destination weddings and she's also indian and she does photography there. She was in India and overheard this group of, I'll just call them thugs uh, talking about being mean to this cat and getting rid of it and not in a good way. She went over scooped up the cat ended up getting a couple temporary homes. Um, for a short time, ended up bringing it back to where they live in Washington D. C. Then
she
throw like
1500
miles and brought the cat
to me. So I actually did have an indian cat, cutest little thing. Black and white looks like a cattle.
I'll follow calculate. But she's a very nice cat. So my daughter has her and and the other one that she adopted. Um, but,
but this kitty really did take a shine to my daughter. I mean they they had a really good bond and you know there is no substitute for that. So I was fine and she was happy to have two of them, so and now they're her therapy cats.
Hey,
I will let you go and uh complete the rest of the survey. It was nice to meet you.
All right. Good luck to you.
Okay? You too. Bye. Bye.