SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Fuck Yeah, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Mhm Uh huh. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Uh Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Uh huh Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm May be changing, yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, I think that. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Maybe. Hello? Uh
SPEAKER_R: I'm working on getting my audio up 1/2. Yeah. Okay. Are you able to hear?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can hear. Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: I can indeed. Yes. That, so we weren't given much um what's the word? I'm looking for, uh guidance on what we were supposed to be discussing, where we,
SPEAKER_L: No, I thought they would give us the option, but
SPEAKER_R: well, they said that there could be the two different things. Either the guided or just the free form. So I guess I'll say, what state are you located in?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Utah.
SPEAKER_R: I used to live in ogden and enlightened believe it or not.
SPEAKER_L: that's amazing. Where do you live now,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm in Arizona.
SPEAKER_L: Arizona?
SPEAKER_R: It's cold in Utah. And I am a delicate tropical flower.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. But it gets really hot in Arizona, that's my
SPEAKER_R: but it's the modern world and I have air conditioning,
SPEAKER_L: oh, there you go.
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: That's true.
SPEAKER_R: there is that.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: good. Oh, that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: I will apologize in advance in case my cat decides to run across the keyboard. It happens. It
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: is.
SPEAKER_L: okay. I have a dog but he shouldn't be uh
SPEAKER_R: yeah. What kind?
SPEAKER_L: he is a mix between a pug and a boston terrier.
SPEAKER_R: Ah We have two men, pens and then I have my kitten. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh and they all like each other. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: okay,
SPEAKER_L: Yes.
SPEAKER_R: she's still a kitten, so she hasn't been released into general population yet. Um I'm, we're working on acclimating them the older dog because one of them is only a year and a half old and the other one is a senior, the older dog can't be bothered with her, the younger one is still very rambunctious and as a result I'm a little hesitant, so they're still on supervised visitation only, so.
SPEAKER_L: that's good. Yeah, our puppy is let's see, seven months old so he's not needs to be supervised too mm.
SPEAKER_R: and the thing is M. E. The little girl um she's very playful and I can tell she has maternal feelings towards cooper, which is my cat. But the thing is she's a very active dog and it would be very easy for an accident to occur. Um So it's one of those things where I have to get over my fear of letting them interact without, you know me standing right there with the water bottle, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's gonna get uh awesome. Yeah, that's awesome. So
SPEAKER_R: So do you work outside the home as well or?
SPEAKER_L: yes. Yeah, I am a tutor for kids with dyslexia.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That is something I totally respect. I used to be an elementary school librarian. So yeah, you're, you're doing a very important job. Let me tell you that up front.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, it's a very slow process but it's really rewarding these kids
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's awesome. I
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: do not have the patients, not with the kids with the bureaucracy and with the parents. So I've been working customer service since I came back to America basically. So
SPEAKER_L: So you were out of the country for a while.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Um, both of my ex husbands were military. So I spent 13 years outside of the US.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow. So where did you go? Mm
SPEAKER_R: Japan for eight years and I'm going to say europe for three years because we were stationed in Germany. But because my second ex husband was a british national, I did live with his parents in England for some of that time when he was deployed.
SPEAKER_L: I lived in England for a little bit. I did a study
SPEAKER_R: I want part.
SPEAKER_L: in London. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I've only been to London a couple of times. I lived in bury ST Edmunds, which is coastal and I still have a lot of friends that are scattered throughout the UK, most of them in Scotland. Um but uh a couple of like Sheffield and stuff like that,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I visited.
SPEAKER_R: couple of yorkshireman don't hold that against me, they're
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: not scousers.
SPEAKER_L: I actually love the country more than London. The country was, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: London is great, I mean, but the feel of London isn't so very different from any major metropolitan city now.
SPEAKER_L: that's true, yep.
SPEAKER_R: Slc yes, feels different from most major cities now.
SPEAKER_L: Alex, it is different. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm Oh, someone's checking you out, look at that, look
SPEAKER_L: Hi, kitty
SPEAKER_R: at that. Oh, she
SPEAKER_L: next.
SPEAKER_R: wants to be in the middle of things, that's what she does. She has a vet appointment this afternoon. So I'm being really nice to her today because you know, I don't want to stressed out once she gets, you know, before she gets there, she can stress out while she's there, that's fine,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: want to get any things up.
SPEAKER_R: I did tell you she was likely to
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: come in,
SPEAKER_L: good,
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: like that. So which part, where did you like the bats that you've lived? Where
SPEAKER_R: pardon?
SPEAKER_L: did you like? Which area did you like the best that you've lived so much? Mhm
SPEAKER_R: I haven't yet been to Scotland, but I feel a larger kinship to Scotland than I do to the other parts of the UK, ironically, I'm actually irish, I have zero interest in going to Ireland. Um and where I lived in England was like I said was very plastic, it was very calm and I had an evil mother in law, so that wasn't the grandest fun of all. So I really have no interest in going to the south of England again London sure, up north sure, you know, Scotland, absolutely, but I don't know, I kind of because I was so young when I first left the States, a lot of that travel urge that travel foot that people get, I kind of got over that fairly young in life
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it sounds
SPEAKER_R: just,
SPEAKER_L: like, I don't
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: I like going places, but it's a thing where it's like, I've been just so many places already that it's like, okay, cool, whatever
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: you know, hey, this is, this will be an adventure, but it's not, let's find out, go ahead and ask me a question, Hey, google, stop, I don't know what triggered it.
SPEAKER_L: Technology
SPEAKER_R: I have no idea what triggered. Well, what bad is, as I mentioned, my cat's name is cooper, so when I come into my room, I have to be very careful to say hi and not hey, because if I say, hey, followed by her name, then the google home thinks I'm trying to invoke it and it gets interesting,
SPEAKER_L: to close, Yeah, well I did, I did travel to Scotland
SPEAKER_R: Glasgow,
SPEAKER_L: for a little bit too reserved for about a week. It was pretty amazing.
SPEAKER_R: Edinburgh,
SPEAKER_L: Um Edinburgh for a little bit. We went all the way around pretty much. We did like one
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: of those
SPEAKER_R: did
SPEAKER_L: busts.
SPEAKER_R: The Big Blue, got it,
SPEAKER_L: like up to the sky, the island of sky and then down.
SPEAKER_R: oh, I've heard the isle of Skye is lovely. I uh like I said, I've got like a bunch of friends in Glasgow, so when I go over there later this year or possibly next year, depending on what politics do, I'm gonna be real blunt here, I'm not so sure, I feel comfortable taking an international flight right these days, you know,
SPEAKER_L: I agree.
SPEAKER_R: uh but I'm planning on spending about a week and a half in Glasgow,
SPEAKER_L: Oh nice. That would be awesome. That's cool. So do you think you'd ever
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: go back to live there? Are you in the states forever?
SPEAKER_R: about no um for all of the things that I find wrong with my home country, it is my home country. Um now if things all of a sudden go, you know, belly up here, sure I'll go wherever, but Mhm I like America, I like being an american, you know, and there's so much I've never explored of America that, you know, I mean heck England is the size of Alabama, that's one state and not even our biggest state, you know.
SPEAKER_L: that's true.
SPEAKER_R: What do you like to do for fun?
SPEAKER_L: Um Let's see, so we like to travel, we've been trying to go good for different states. Yeah. Um Let's say I like photography. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: photography, Do you specialize in landscapes, portraits? What kind of,
SPEAKER_L: Um portraits mostly. Yeah. Got
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: into
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: not have the patience for that.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I also do it with my kids. But
SPEAKER_R: Hey, whatever it takes, how many kids do you have?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I have three kids.
SPEAKER_R: it's always a dangerous question to ask someone in Utah, how many
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: kids they want just
SPEAKER_L: could
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: be a
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: Lot three is enough for me. It's good.
SPEAKER_R: I laugh about it because um I have none and I'm okay with that. In fact, I'm quite pleased with that. Um but I, my late sister a couple of years back obviously while she was still, you know, among us. Um she and I were talking one day and you know, she had like three kids and yada yada and I said, does it surprise you that I didn't ever want any. She goes, you know when you were eight years old, you told me you were never going to have kids. I believed you then and I believe you now, but I didn't realize that I had said at such a young age and with such decisiveness that it just wasn't going to be my path in life. And for some reason that made me feel really good knowing that, you know, even at eight, I was like, now that's not for me and said
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: it with apparently enough, again, decisiveness that my sister was like, okay, she means it, you know?
SPEAKER_L: wow. That is amazing. Yeah. That's awesome. You got your fur baby steps out there?
SPEAKER_R: Well that is absolutely true. That is absolutely true. Um and I actually laughed with my dad a lot because he says I overthink things right, because I got this one as a kitten. So I'm trying to make sure I do all the right things right. Like I'm like the worst kind of helicopter parent. I'm like, oh, well, let's see here, Okay, so she needs to have X amount of enrichment every day and these are the kind of toys that are good for and the ones that are bad for her and he thinks it's hilarious. I'm like yeah, aren't you glad I never had a you know human baby? And he's like yeah you don't need to raise a neurotic child that's a resilient. They don't get neurotic as easily.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's good for them. I know I'm in the same camp because my dog is very hyperactive so I'm trying
SPEAKER_R: my.
SPEAKER_L: lots of training lots of toys. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: yes. Well
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: the cool thing though about dogs and cats as opposed to human babies. Okay. Uh Uh huh. She is as excited when I fringe up the ends of a toilet paper roll as she is when I you know bring out like you know my tablet and let her play with it. You know she would rather play with the toilet paper roll. Great, that's cheap. You try handing a five year old kid a toilet paper roll and you get about maybe five minutes if that handle a tablet, they're good for hours,
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: you know.
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: But uh it is funny because you know, again, the very fact that they have apps for cats and dogs is
SPEAKER_L: Our
SPEAKER_R: so strange to me.
SPEAKER_L: tv died Tv.
SPEAKER_R: actually now the the cat T. V. And the dog tv I think are actually cool. But the actual games that they can play on the tablet that to me is a little too far,
SPEAKER_L: I had never
SPEAKER_R: you know.
SPEAKER_L: I have to look him up.
SPEAKER_R: my gosh, well I know there are some for cats. I've seen ones for dogs but I've never played with those because the dogs have the much stronger clause and I don't need my green to get messed up.
SPEAKER_L: Does.
SPEAKER_R: But like little ones where she's like chasing a dot on the screen, you know, tap it and it squeaks or whatever she's like, you know, but if I put on a video of like the outdoors, you know, birds and squirrels, she is just bo content for ages, which is wonderful. You know, because since she is an indoor cat, she's not getting God now I'm gonna sound like a helicopter. She's not getting that particular type of stimulation that she would normally get from, you know, being out in the wild because you can alley cat. Um There's a colony of Farrell's behind my house, on literally in the alley behind the house. And she and you know, there was a recent literature, she was about eight weeks old when I brought her into the house. Um And you know just that's been six weeks now. Um so yeah, she's still little. Um but she has adapted very well to indoors, which I mean, even though this is Arizona, I mean it gets down to 30 something at nine and you know, she's very safe, very happy. You know, she likes listening to Queen believe it or not, I was serious. Um, I am very musically oriented as you can tell from the things you see on the wall is behind me. And um, so I was like, oh dear, sensitive ears, this could be problematic. But I played some Queen and she just, I was like, you know, tapping the screen, having a blast with it. And I was like, okay, she just likes, because I like it when we were in the car after her first that appointment, she had one of those freak outs that animals will have right tantrum and uh, I had the radio on and another one bites the dust comes on. Oh, she called right now. She likes Freddie mercury and I was driving. So it wasn't a case of, oh, I'm going to follow what mama's doing. No, it was, oh, that voice makes me happy and she just called right down. I was like, what? I thought it was great. So, so yes, she listens to queen. She does not like meatloaf, believe it or not because there's a, because meatloaf is very loud and complicated and yes, okay, back to the helicopter parent thing. Uh, you can hear one of the dogs now. You can hear me, the little girl because they can, there's a gap under the door, they can see each other, They can smell each other. They can't do any damage to each other and cooper will sit there and stick her little nose out and you know, any trying to get under because she's like, well, what weight that I want? No, no, that's not gonna happen yet. So
SPEAKER_L: since he
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: says
SPEAKER_R: just a little bit bigger. I needed to be at least half the size of the dog is my little line in the sand. Does that make sense? Because
SPEAKER_L: that makes
SPEAKER_R: she's
SPEAKER_L: it,
SPEAKER_R: got the little murder clause. So I mean that leaves half the size. She'll be fine. But when she was 1/4 of the size, that wasn't gonna happen, How old are your kids
SPEAKER_L: Um so I have a 16
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: year old, a 14 year old and an 11 year old. So yeah
SPEAKER_R: take this wrong? You definitely do not look old enough to have teenagers.
SPEAKER_L: I get that.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. You don't, but wow, You've got a much larger platter of problems than I do with keeping the puppy and the kitten apart,
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yes. Yeah I heard the dogs I don't know about cats but dogs are about two years old. That's like their age of like
SPEAKER_R: isn't it?
SPEAKER_L: development. Yeah so I can deal with two year olds but 16 year old or a whole other.
SPEAKER_R: yes, absolutely. Well, and the thing with dogs too is, you know, they reach their adolescents at about one year, you know,
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: and,
SPEAKER_L: what we're looking for.
SPEAKER_R: And right now she's in like the Tween stage, you know, she's about 14 weeks and for about another month or two she'll be in that kind of Tween stage and then she's going to go into adolescence and then thankfully with animals, the adolescents doesn't last a huge long time. But you know, then they, you know, mellow if they mellow, they go into their adult personality, you know, maybe they're more calm or you know, what? Have you? Oh dear. Are you having fun with that? Are you having fun with that little girl? She has her crinkly ball. It's some mylar, like the balloons and it looks like a pom pom so
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: it's shiny and it makes noise and of course it's a ball with any critter loves and because it's so light it, you know, skitters like pray because cats are under and uh yeah, that's one of her favorites. So I'm
SPEAKER_L: hi.
SPEAKER_R: sorry, I keep babbling and you're, you know, I'm an onerous gemini. Okay, I'm gonna talk
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: too much, is what I do.
SPEAKER_L: kid and yeah. Yeah they're
SPEAKER_R: We've
SPEAKER_L: fun. I like
SPEAKER_R: still
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: got 18 minutes to go
SPEAKER_L: How many minutes?
SPEAKER_R: 17 54. When I look just now I flipped over to the other tab.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Sounds good. All right so which of all the places in the whole world where you do you like the best?
SPEAKER_R: A place that I'll never live. I am a huge fan of Los Angeles, but I will never live there because I need to I'm I'm the kind of person, I need to have a place that I can always escape to. And if you live in the place that you escape to where you gonna go, when things get rough, you know what I mean? And when I see escape, I mean like for mental health, not, oh my God, I'm on the lam. No, I don't mean that. Um But
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: you know how everybody has, you know, one place that they go and it energizes them and they feel good and yes, living there would be awesome. But we all have that time when we need, you know when we get the itchy foot and if I lived there, where would I go? So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's true
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: Alex.
SPEAKER_R: not? To
SPEAKER_L: Um Let's see. What's my favorite place I don't know I guess I've liked everywhere at once. We
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: lived in.
SPEAKER_R: have you lived and you mentioned London and obviously Utah
SPEAKER_L: So we lived in Oregon for about 11 years.
SPEAKER_R: we're in Oregon.
SPEAKER_L: Um Just a suburb of Portland that's filled.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. My roommates parents live in Vinita is why I was asking
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, we're not
SPEAKER_R: now. It's not a new gene.
SPEAKER_L: we were yeah, we were pretty. Yeah. So yeah, we were just probably an hour in between the beach and then like a half hour to Portland. So just so that was a pretty place. I just couldn't take the rain. That was my thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Which would also explain why England wasn't a favorite. I don't know, rain. I remember that vaguely. It's not something I encounter very often anymore.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think it was just it was gray all the time. Like I like rain, but I can't take like nine months of rain.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Rain in and of itself. Fine dreariness though. I can't look and I can't snow and ice and black. I see it now I can't with
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm okay with the change of seasons, as long as it changes like every three or four months, I'm good but I can't take like nine months of the same drug.
SPEAKER_R: well obviously you like variety in your life and that's not a bad thing, you know?
SPEAKER_L: I guess I do, but I could do I could do warm. I think my husband loves like the heat, so we'll probably end up moving south sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: Well just bear in mind that northern Arizona still get snow and stuff. Flagstaff and all that, they still get snow. They also get the warm, you know? But I'm okay with not with no snow because you've probably figured out from my accent that I'm from the south east and I made the joke about being a tropical flower. Uh When I was 19 I left Florida, which, okay, so my parents were in radio, which means that we moved around a lot Alabama, Tennessee Mississippi florida, We wind up in florida at the age of 19, I moved to Japan Where I lived in Japan got 100 and 20" of snow every year, where I lived in Germany spangdahlem got ice snow, sub zero temperatures. And then of course I lived in Utah When I moved down here and ironically this is actually funny, today is 13 years since I arrived in Arizona and I drove down from ogden, it was a really bad blizzard and I had to drive through Zion National Park. That was not fun. Okay because I mean literally I had like less than a foot of visibility in front of me And I made it to Arizona and I said, Okay, I'm never going to be cold again. I don't know. I exaggerate sometimes it gets cold. Like I said, it gets down in the 30s at night in the winter here, but I just don't go out in it. Experience side. I have door dash, I have amazon. I'm good.
SPEAKER_L: there you go now. I think I remember my favorite place. It's south
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: carrot, south Carolina. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: I love that place. Um We just have been there twice the past reason. I just love it like I think it's so tropical beautiful. I don't know if I could live there. We only went there in like me so I don't know what it is.
SPEAKER_R: It does get human, but if you're near the beach, it's not so bad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So we are mostly on the coasts but that's somewhere I could definitely retire.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh, that's cool. Well, it's like I say about florida, okay, if you're living inland in florida it's going to be miserable. But living in Miami really isn't that bad because you have the humidity, I'm not gonna pretend you down, but you also have that breeze off the ocean that kind of cuts it a little bit. Same thing with Los Angeles. It gets very humid there. But you have that breeze off the ocean and it kind of, you know that salt air kind of cuts it just like, you know when you put too much sugar in your in a recipe, you drop a little salt and to kinda take it out, you know, you can probably hear any in the background there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You can hear my dog very he's out he's a little bit further away but
SPEAKER_R: What's his name?
SPEAKER_L: his name is Ben. Yeah he's a
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: good,
SPEAKER_R: going to ask why. Finn.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know that my kids came up with it. I don't know where it came from.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Because there could, there could have been a really good story
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: there. You know
SPEAKER_L: there's no good stuff.
SPEAKER_R: I asked
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: you know uh
SPEAKER_L: all wanted Henry and my daughter did not want to Henry so Finn was the
SPEAKER_R: Injury
SPEAKER_L: only
SPEAKER_R: now. That's an interesting one.
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: Why is that?
SPEAKER_L: just like the name I'm
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: not sure I think
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: a bad name. It's an unusual name I think. Um
SPEAKER_L: so there's that there's that book that I read when I was little it was uh what was that? Her name was she did ribs E and Henry remember?
SPEAKER_R: Oh you're talking, I thought you said Hendry, you're talking to Beverly Cleary who ironically is from Portland Oregon.
SPEAKER_L: okay yes I remember seeing her statute in Portland. Yeah so yeah I think that's where Henry came from. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well the dogs are Emmy and Oscar, I don't know why Oscar but when my roommate brought home Emmy she thought that the name suited her and also it's kind of funny to say we've got an enemy and an Oscar in our household and when I'm being me I'd say yeah well I'm not going to be a grammy. She has a son, she could be a Grammy, she will not be a trust in that one, it's like and I will be a glam ma, not a grammy. Um And
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: with cooper her name. Um I don't know how much she saw her face but one of her eyes is gray around it. She's a she's a pastel Torti. Um But she has one leg that is ginger striped, it looks like she's wearing a stocking on the one legs, it just goes right up to her hip and it's the orange stripes and the rest of her is just pastel Tory again,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: alley cat, right, But she has that little smudge of gray around her eye that looks like Alice cooper. And of course Alice Cooper is a big thing in Phoenix, you know? And of course, again, I mentioned being kind of musically, that's my thing, and it just suits her. And since we weren't 100% sure of her sex at the time, it was a nice um unisex name, you know, because there is one of the Farrells that I feed, who I call baby and I'm having a real struggle with pronouns right now, because for the longest time, um baby has been in this neighborhood for at least eight years, maybe longer, which is a huge lifespan for a feral cat. Let me just say that. It really is. I mean, indoor cats 15 to 20 is average outdoor cats. They're doing good if they make it to five or six and baby was already full grown when I moved in here seven years ago, my roommate had lived here for like a year and a half beforehand. So we know that babies at least eight years old, probably older, which is kind of impressive, but because we had no idea, and it's not like we were going to, you know, we can't get close enough to lift tail or anything for the longest time. We thought baby was a girl, baby is definitely boy and I still call him baby, but it's hard for me to switch after, you know, four years of feeding him. Uh, it's hard for me to switch my pronoun, I'm so used to saying she and her, it's very difficult. Uh, but baby, if you think about the Godfather, remember I mentioned there's a colony of Farrell's, baby is the Don Corleone of that colony baby is the one who directs everybody and my dad. And again, I'm like, dude, you tell me that I'm being, you know, overthinking things, but you're the one sitting here putting human, you know, freaking mafia stuff in the cat, you know, on the cat's actions. Um, he genuinely believes he's dead serious about this. He genuinely believes that when the litter came out, that baby basically was like, okay, look, these people, they feed me every day, you know, get one of the kittens to them, there'll be a soccer for it. And, and so the mama cat, now, this is this is totally legit. The mama cat who hadn't generally been around here, She she's a dark Tory. Okay. Um She was coming around more often and she brought the babies out, you know, and was having the babies plate in our carport, right? And then the first time that my roommate picked up cooper cooper just melted into her, like, okay, you're where I'm supposed to be.
SPEAKER_L: Why?
SPEAKER_R: So later that day, she said, okay, if you want to get her, I went outside with the dog carrier, I didn't even hesitate and she has been here ever since December one.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's how you got cooper
SPEAKER_R: And I tell, yeah, that's when we got cooper and I really do feel, I mean, and my dad is being goofy when he's like, you know, he told the mama cat that you guys were suckers and would take the babies and I'm like, that's reaching. But it may be is, you know, it's like because again animals communicate, it's very possible that he said, hey, look, these are safe people and you've got this baby, you know what I mean? This little one. So because there were the litter, I don't know how many were in it. I know that cooper had a brother who was a little ginger baby, you know, all the stripes and stuff. Beautiful, beautiful cat. But I haven't seen him around and I certainly hope that he also has found a home. There's no way I was going to be able to handle heaven. Two kittens and two dogs. There
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: did they how did they react to my new to cooper
SPEAKER_R: the cats are the dogs,
SPEAKER_L: and the cats?
SPEAKER_R: you know, this is what's funny. The mama cat and baby individually both came up and into the house at different times. Well baby, you know, came up and was running around on the back porch area. But the mama cat actually came into the house a couple days later just like, almost like she was checking it out and making sure that everything was okay. And a couple of times she's come into the backyard and you know, I just told her not that she understands the words, but I told her, yes, your baby's fine. She's doing good. She's fed, she's warm, she's happy. I
SPEAKER_L: Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: can't save them all, you know, but I can make a difference for at least one. And hey, we're at the 30 minute mark. Oh my gosh. Guess what We have hit that 25 minutes we're supposed to do.
SPEAKER_L: All right. That's
SPEAKER_R: I thought it was counting down and it was counting up. Well it was a pleasure chit chatting with you. I hope you have a wonderful day. And now let's go make some money. How's that sound?
SPEAKER_L: Sounds good. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: But