you all I got to check. I'm just closing this because I have a conference call. Mhm Two. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh Yeah. Yeah approach ready by and saturday the 11th. Okay. We'll finish up my oh yeah what it? Right. Mhm. You yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm How do you Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Remember that one? Yeah. Okay. Mhm. You know just Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What happened? Oh okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What the fuck? Composition? Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. This one yeah. Oh Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Kill me. Yeah I guess. Yeah. Yeah mm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Then you're an officer wow. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Why facilities but also not? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. What? Yeah. Mhm. Hi,
my name is Glenn.
Hi Bella.
Really nice to meet you. I live in uh in the midwest in Ohio.
Oh cool, let's like over there right now, is it hot?
Well it was kind of cool this morning actually, it wasn't too bad, you know? Uh but we've had a couple of days where the humidity has been been kind of hot and sticky.
I don't know what we're supposed to talk about.
I tell you what uh if if you want you can we can just share what we enjoy or what we like doing or something like that.
I'll take just a minute. I'm I'm a father of three, but all three of my kids are grown and married now, so and I have two daughters and I've been married for about 30 to 32 years. Yeah. And
uh thank you. And uh I uh I like to I like to ride bikes and I like to uh I like to read books. How about yourself?
yeah.
Mhm.
why?
Oh, neat. That's that's great. That's great. Do you do you sell your jewelry online and that sort of thing? All right.
Okay. How's that, how's that going for? Is it going pretty well,
wow, that's great. That's super. That's super.
I know what you mean, I know what you mean. Do you what do you do, like uh do you do you do surveys and stuff too sometimes to make money and
Okay. And, and that's what you're going to school for as well,
Super. Super. Do you do you like animals a lot and enjoy them?
Oh, do you?
What,
what are their names?
That's great. So
I do, I've got, I've got a very old dog, her name is Chloe and I've got, my kids are staying with me for just a little while from Japan. They lived in Japan for a while and they brought their cat home. Her name is uh cushion on, which
is japanese for cow her for looks like a couch for so, and
yeah, that's,
that's
all
Oh great. Great. Now is he from Japan or is he from California?
Oh, super, super. And how, how long have you been dating him
working out pretty well. Super,
that's
good.
Yeah. Well the culture is really awesome I mean I think yeah I think it's very uh the way people treat each other is really nice. Yeah
I've been there a couple times ever, been to Japan.
Yeah that'd be great. Yeah. Oh you're gonna love it, yeah
it's
beautiful.
Oh do you? Okay. Yeah yeah you're gonna you're gonna love it, it's it's a joy and it's beautiful, the whole the whole countryside is beautiful. Yeah.
I've been to a caliph, I've been to California a couple of times and I thought it's really pretty there too, you know.
it's okay, it's just flat you know?
Mhm. So I've flown in for a couple of uh what were they were like seminars, business seminars and that sort of thing, So carlsbad and san Diego
an L. A couple of times, and so that whole area of California?
okay,
Do
you?
Yeah.
Do you
do you have lots of stuff to do? I mean you've you've probably got it all right there. Right.
Well
you know, probably not as much as in California because a couple of times that I've been there, I could go I could go hiking or even skiing or go hit the beach all in the same, all on the same day if I tried. But there are some things, we've got an art district here that I think is pretty pretty awesome and uh there's uh some museums and that sort of thing and but other than that it's really kind of boring and quiet and that all
that
jazz,
it's
what kind of, what kind of music do you listen to, What kind of music do you enjoy?
So who got you, who got you started on that?
so that that would be that would be my decade so of growing up and uh so when you when you say eighties, do you mean do you mean like pop eighties or do you mean like hair bands or?
Yeah.
Was
it? Okay
so man
That's that's intense, that's pretty intense. Yeah.
cool really cool band. Really tight band. So do you your dad was in a couple of bands, did he uh did he tour at all or did he?
that's
I'm
sorry.
so
did
you meet
then
they
moved to California? Okay. Yeah yeah that's kind of that's kind of what happened to me, I had a daughter at a very young age and I was in a band and was touring in south America and it was like a rock kind of like a rock metal band. And uh so when I when I figured out that when I found out my daughter, my wife was pregnant with my daughter, I quit the band and I grew up real quick and got a better job and went to school and did everything I was supposed to do of. But yeah uh that that was another time that feels like forever ago.
well I uh for for years I was a drummer for for a very long time and then I play
a lot of different instruments, most of most of the people in my family all are musicians and that sort of thing. But you
can't, it's really hard to make money at at music, so you know, at some point you got to learn something else. And how about you do you play do you play music at all?
What did
what did your dad play?
yeah.
absolutely, yeah, you
know kind of on the side a little bit, but
yeah, that's that super stuff. How about how about movies, what what's some of your favorite movies?
Okay.
Yeah.
yeah, so uh that's a great action film actually, really really good action film, I'm
just
I'm trying to I'm trying to tie together how you've how you got this eclectic exposure of, I mean some of the great movies and some of the, you know, great music of the eighties at such a young age, how have you done that?
Yeah, that's far out, that's great. Did she do that before she became an actor
after?
Yeah. Absolutely. Very driven. You know, you've got to have a focused person to Yeah and that kind of speaks to me a little bit because it's like, you know, you made it in one area and then you turned around and you were just as focused and you made it in another, which goes to show that you know, we could pretty much do anything if we're we're really, you know, focus and discipline. Yeah.
Favorite movies. I'm like I'm really into science fiction, so um The
Earth Girls are easy. Wasn't that like kind of a sci fi movie a little bit?
Yeah, aliens. Was it was it mars that were they
Martians?
I can't
remember.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I remember that I like but I don't like the I don't know if I if I care too much for the common science fiction stuff, I like the the old stuff and a lot of the older books and like that kind of but but I if it's a romance like I watched a romance with my wife you know any day or
or musicals I just like movies, you know if it's got a good story, I'll watch it, I enjoy it. Yeah like it all.
Yeah.
When
yeah avatar was cool, it was very cool. It was a man man was ground breaking the stuff they did in that movie, we're just out there man, you know and
just see, you know and then
I get into all like the uh so there's some moral questions in that movie about nature and about life and also how to treat people or how to treat life. So that kind of had a kind of like a theme running through it as well, which is kind of
kind of cool.
Yeah, it was cool. How do you you having so much nature and that sort of thing where you're at, how do you feel about uh taking care of the environment, are you an environmentalist or you? Uh huh.
Also did did you like the culture and the people in Panama? Did you enjoy the
no?
All
good for you. We do uh I go on a lot of trips overseas and uh we just got back from Jamaica in february. And so I built I built a church there, I brought a group of people with me and they didn't have a community building or a church. So we went down with the money and the funds and built a church there and it was a good experience. Food was awesome.
but been throughout central America and, and then overseas in Japan and Asia planning on going to africa next year a couple of times.
Well that's
that's,
that's not bad, That's pretty good. That's awesome.
sure. If you could, if you could go anywhere in the next trip, what would it be
Do you uh do you speak any greek at all, or?
is he awesome? Wow, that's great.
I took two years of greek and in college and my undergrad. Yeah.
nope. But if, but if you're studying any type of historical literature, you have to take a couple of years of greek and the type of greek that I study probably isn't the greek your dad's speech today. But, but if you want to understand that type of literature, you have to be able to read it. And uh, so boy, it was intense. 27 different ways to say the, you know. Yeah.
was
uh, yeah, sure. Uh, case you callisto the assume a so so
jesus christ God's son saves. It's uh, it's like a uh, exodus. It's the fish. Um, that you see sometimes like you'll see that like design that fish. So exodus. Each of those letters stands for something in greek. And so that's why people put that sometimes, like on their cars or like a bumper sticker
or
stuff like
that.
that's the deal. That's the deal.
I would uh, I would probably sure I would like to go to maybe South America or somewhere in africa and uh start a
school I would like to go there and teach. That's what I do here. You know I would like
to teach.
so I would like to go there and teach and uh do it for free, no money just uh and uh maybe like at a at a college level so that you know some of the education could get to some of these other places where people are are really not getting the the equitable start that we all get. You know in our country, we've got all of this at our you know kind of at our beck and call but they don't they don't have those opportunities. Um
I might retire and do that. I hope I hope I get to.
Thanks
for asking.
Oh probably 2028 years. 28 years. Yeah.
Very cool. Very cool
Great. Good for her. Okay
come
That's great. So so she she went back to high school or got a G. D. And
then went
to
super
super.
Yeah they sound awesome. They do they really do do uh you sound like you've got a great family. Do you have any brothers and sisters or?
Well?
I do I've got I've got a brother who is a regional manager of hobby lobby lobby on the east
coast.
Yeah my wife and my daughters yeah they're always in hobby lobby that's
Yeah which is uh which I don't mind going in with them because in the back there's like a science section for kids. Yeah
I always enjoy kind of going back there while they're looking around but yeah he does that, but that's that's all I have, I just had one brother. Yeah, but I'm the oldest. All right, and you're the youngest or the
Yeah.
Do you do you do a lot of babysitting or do you get opportunity?
Right. Right. Right. It's complicated right now, do
you
Do you feel like people uh treat you pretty well as a babysitter, do they pay well and take care of you?
And
not not bad.
Yeah, that's pretty, pretty good.
So do you uh do you have uh some goals you do do you think in the next like three or four years you'll be finishing up school and then what will you do from there?
Harry.
Live in
your life,
Oh great, Great. That's wonderful. Yeah. And there's a lot of, I watch a lot of Youtube channels where people do that sort of thing and it's really awesome to see how they keep it up and how they build it live, you know, are you going
to be off
grid?
Tiny homes? Yeah.
Tiny
homes
they're really cool. Yeah. And you know, there's something to be said about. Less is more, I mean do not have so much stuff and have the freedom to every day of your life just live and that's good. That's awesome.
and we only got a few minutes left, is it okay to ask, do you, what, where do you and I'm an open minded person. I just love talking to people, do you do you have a political stance or do you have a religious stance? I know people don't like to talk about those things, but.
Well uh so I'm I think I'm a moderate, I would really like to see if a woman president and I think that would be wonderful, I think would be great for a country, I'm being honest, I'm not blowing smoke there, I think uh I think it would bring something fresh and something new to the table that
I think
we might need. Um But what I do full time is I'm actually a pastor, so yeah, so I do both and so but I
would
say there have been some moments in my life if I can be completely honest with you, where I would even in what I do say that I might
be a bit of an agnostic to
because because if I'm really honest and we're willing to think about it, I do have a faith system that I believe in, but at the same time I still have doubts and I'm still wondering on proofs, you know, I want to know, I want to know what's true, so I'm really in pursuit of truth, I really want to know what is true with a completely open mind not, but
I totally, I totally get it. I totally get it. And I think, you know,
of bad things have happened to people because of religion. I think religion has been historically pretty harsh on people. I think most people are just, they just want to know that they just want to know truth. You know, there there they want to know God,
but they don't necessarily want to put a bunch of definitions on that, you know, that's kind of what religion can do, you know sometimes. But anyway, I love talking to people and I have really enjoyed talking with you and
I
mean
it was
it really is nice to meet you too, and I I feel like I've learned a lot and
it's
you've got me thinking about some things about traveling and helping people, you know? And uh I really appreciate that you love animals too. That is that's awesome.
That's
awesome. And uh I hope I hope you've been encouraged today because you've really encouraged
you've encouraged me quite a bit.
Yeah. Absolutely. And I hope you have a wonderful day too.
And we'll see you later. Okay. All right. All right,
bye bye. Take it