Hi
my name is Bella.
All right, nice to meet you.
Oh I live in California.
Yes it is. It is hot but it's pretty nice. Yeah. Look how's it in? Ohio
we get sticky here too. Okay.
maybe there. I thought that we were going to get um like topic questions or something. Mhm.
That sounds great. Would you like to go first?
Congratulations.
Um I am 20 I go to school sort of on hold right now because of everything. Um
Yeah I
work at a doggy daycare and I
make jewelry.
I'm on it see if you heard of that
it sound pretty well. Yeah I only started my shop like six months ago but it's going it's going pretty good. I've almost made 100 sales. It's it's pretty cool. Yeah.
I don't think anything else I also like to read um Mhm. Gosh it's always hard talking about yourself. Yeah
Yeah. Yeah, because um my job doggy daycares don't pay the best, but it's you if you work at a dog boarding facility for a year then you become eligible for like vet assistant positions, so that's what I'm working towards right now.
yeah, so I just have to deal with the very low pay for another six months or so and then I'll be able to move up
yeah, I have four dogs myself,
I
just
Aussie Galaxy Crystal and Arnie.
Do you have any animals?
No.
that's very cool.
My
boyfriend is japanese and his dog is named Momo, which
is peach and japanese.
no his mom is from japan but he was born here. Yeah,
about a year and a half,
it's
pretty
cool, we're very compatible. Yeah.
It is.
No we were actually planning on going this summer but that's not really possible right now I guess. Yeah. But eventually.
But
especially
because I I love tofu.
I have heard that and I'm excited someday.
I have never been to Ohio but I'm sure it's nice
which part of California like northern or southern.
Okay san Diego. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay I'm from the bay which is like san Francisco. Yeah.
Yeah but I go to socal pretty often it's
just
not my favorite. It's a lot hotter down there. Yeah
and
little too busy.
Yes except for right now it was because like everything is still shut down for the most part so no camping or really going to the beach or anything. I've been going on a lot of hikes and stuff and that's nice but it's really hard to have to just you know, completely change everything. Yeah. How about you? Is there a lot to do in?
Ohio.
I
don't
really mind boring though.
I think I think boring can be nice. Yeah.
Um I listened to mostly eighties, like the only radio station I ever listened to is one or 3.7. I hired eighties. Uh
Um I don't I don't know, I actually don't know. I always um I never really listened to like the popular music when I was younger, I was just sort of like weird stuff and then Yeah, here I am.
Pop eighties for the most part except I'm into a couple of like um Man O war. Yeah, because
my dad was in a couple of hair bands in the
eighties.
so he likes that kind of stuff.
I'm warren,
Yeah, I don't know something about them. I I know like all of the words to battle hymns. Yeah.
No, I don't think so. I think he had me too young to be able to live out his dreams. So yeah,
they sort of he
was
from new york actually. Yeah,
and
then
they moved here
for
me.
What do you do you play or do you sing?
What?
Very
No um I took singing lessons for a few years and I tried almost everything. I tried drums, I tried guitar but nothing ever really stuck. I'm not very musical. Yeah.
What
the guitar? Yeah,
but I don't think he's even really picked one up since then. Yeah. Do you still play at all?
They're
That's great.
Okay let's see. Um do you know death becomes her? Yeah that's my all time favorite. Um My
second favorite is Earth Girls are Easy with Gina Davis. Yeah.
Um Cat on a hot tin roof. Um Sunset boulevard. Yeah. Let me see. Do you know leon? The professional. Yeah.
I love
that.
Um My parents both worked a lot so I was like by myself a lot and just sort of turned to like the internet, you know? But the good part of the internet with like yeah, I love Meryl Streep and Goldie Hahn and Gina Davis. I just think they're amazing. Did you know that Gina Davis is like, she went to um oh my gosh, what do you call it? The olympics for archery? Yeah. Isn't that random?
No.
After and this was like pretty recently so she was like 50 or something being an olympic archer. So good for her.
How about you? Favorite movies?
All
The aliens.
It
wasn't
mars
it was like a it was like a fake planet like zor pop or something you know?
That's no. All
I really think I think the only thing I really don't like is to be honest I don't really like non fiction movies. Like I'm not super into documentaries and stuff. Yeah. I love comedies. Like anything that's funny or scary but not really into I only like rom coms like I'm not really into like just romance movies. Yeah.
Yeah.
How about like avatar? Did you like avatar?
Critical.
All
Her,
I really do like that.
I'm pretty into the environment. I've been vegan for about five years. I um actually just got back from Panama a few months ago, I went there for this sustainable agriculture program where I learned a bunch of like you know skills for like planting and taking care of the environment and yada yada. It was really cool. Yeah
I did, I did um there were some things that
were tough like cold showers and no real bathrooms but yeah because where I was was like in the middle of the jungle. But I went to Panama city a couple of times and that
was really nice. Really
Very cool.
that's awesome. Yeah. I haven't traveled as much as I would like to, I've been to um the Bahamas Canada Australia Panama Mexico
Ireland London. Yeah, I think
so.
No, I am very grateful for it. I guess what I meant is that I want to go to more like culturally rich places, you know, like where the people don't necessarily all look like me, you know? Yeah.
Greece. Yeah.
No, but my dad is greek and
Yeah and I've always wanted to go because I've never met like anyone from his side other than his mom and brother, so that would be great. Yeah.
That's awesome. I feel like greek isn't necessarily the most like common language to learn.
Very cool.
Can you say something right now?
Yeah. What does that mean?
I
never
I
never understood that. That's cool.
So how about you if you could go anywhere?
four
Your
future awesome.
wow. Very
Yeah. That's awesome.
I hope
you get to also how long have you been teaching?
wow. Long time. Yeah my mom was a teacher for like 20 years until three years ago she became a principal. So now she's a principle of like a K. Through a charter school in san Francisco. Yeah so it's pretty cool.
I'm pretty proud of her. She got her PhD and all that. Yeah.
is pretty awesome because neither of my parents graduated from high
school but you know they're doing pretty good.
she
got
G. D. And then went to college a little
later in life. Yeah.
Yeah I'm very very proud of both of them.
I have two
brothers. My dad before um meeting my mom. He had a kid very young. So that brother is now 35 I think. So he's quite a bit older than me. I've only met him a few times. He lives in Guatemala. Um And then I have another brother who just turned 23 and we get along really well. Yeah we're very similar so it's cool. Yeah. Have a cheat. Do you have any siblings?
hobby
lobby. I love hobby lobby.
that's very cool.
Yeah.
The youngest. Yeah. I always wished that I have a younger brother though. Or younger sister. Just the younger sibling that I could like take care of. Yeah
I'm I'm really into babysitting and stuff. I love kids. Yeah,
I did before this. And then when Covid happened, I kind of, you know, nobody was going anywhere needed anything and I've kind of been a little wary of starting again just because, you know, I don't know how to go about all that being safe. Yeah.
I
just started going back to work, but like we all wear masks and because the place I live in is, I mean the facility I work in is pretty big, like we're never in the same room for more than like 10 seconds, you know, so it's pretty easy, but I don't know how to do other things. Yeah.
Yeah, definitely. Um particularly in like the city that I live in, like I live in a very affluent area, which I'm very lucky for. Um so I'll get like 15 an hour just for like sitting on somebody's couch, like watching tv while the kid just homework, and I'm like, oh my god, I don't deserve this. Like every time I get paid I almost feel like bad because
I'm like, I didn't do anything.
Yeah, it's pretty nice
and
um gosh, I kind of have been taking school pretty slowly to be honest, like I graduated high school in 2017 and I took a year off to travel, and then I started school again two years ago and then I went to Panama, so that took a semester off and then I actually don't even really know what will happen next semester because all of the classes are online and I have one in person class, but that might not happen now that cases are going up again. Um But I probably won't finish school for like at least five
or seven years because I just, I'm taking my time. Yeah,
but
yeah, but eventually I would like to um be able to just buy a plot of land somewhere because like my main goal in life is to have an animal sanctuary.
and
I'm really
into like tiny homes.
so like
off
grid. Yeah.
I would like that a lot.
I I am not a very political person, but I'm definitely pretty liberal and definitely a democrat and I'm not very religious, but I do, I would say I'm like agnostic, you know, like I believe in something, I just don't have like a very set like this is what I believe in. Yeah, so how about you?
that's
all.
just
come,
Are
interesting.
because and like I do pray sometimes and stuff, it's just not necessarily like mhm Two God, you know, it's just like to someone or something, you know? Yeah.
That Yeah.
Right.
Yeah. This was great. It
was
so
to meet you.
Me
too.
Thank
you.
I have,
I'm so glad this was great.
You too. Yes,
by Glenn