SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, to do. Okay. Dr did you? Yeah. Mhm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh okay. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. No. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Yes. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Hi there.
SPEAKER_L: Hi, how are
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: can't hear. Yeah, I'm good. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So you've been working for prolific for a while.
SPEAKER_L: Um No actually I just kind of started so it's been about maybe two months now I think.
SPEAKER_R: All right. This is one of the braver ones, I think. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Have you tried Mturk also?
SPEAKER_R: Yes. But so I'm going to ask. So are you in high school or college college is my
SPEAKER_L: College
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Okay. And where do you go?
SPEAKER_L: University of Hawaii,
SPEAKER_R: Of which one?
SPEAKER_L: University of Hawaii,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, are you in Hawaii? I would love to come down.
SPEAKER_L: Where are you located
SPEAKER_R: Hey, we're in Los Angeles. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I see.
SPEAKER_R: I've made the trip to Hawaii from here, but I need to go back. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: How's the weather over there?
SPEAKER_R: Hot. Hundreds. And I mean there's no humidity. So I'm from actually the Ohio. So my summers have been humid and hot. So this is different and I like it better than the humidity, but now it's like 100 degrees today and said it. So, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sure you have the ec blasting
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: we, we don't. You see, we when the Coronas coronavirus started after all our events, because this is a condo complex and we are
SPEAKER_L: I see.
SPEAKER_R: afraid because I don't know. Nobody seems to know any real answers. So we had blocked them all. And so that's how we've been and we open up everything at night so we can get it cold by the so we're okay.
SPEAKER_L: that's good.
SPEAKER_R: Just, you know, it'll be in the nineties the rest of the week, so we'll survive. But so can I ask what you're studying, right?
SPEAKER_L: secondary education currently, so
SPEAKER_R: Well, it's all
SPEAKER_L: hopefully becoming a teacher and you know, maybe teaching middle school or high school
SPEAKER_R: You're going to stay in Hawaii and teach there.
SPEAKER_L: um right now I'm sort of undecided. I mean it'd be nice if there were other opportunities that, you know, travel abroad or even in the mainland.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What made you want to go into education? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I think just a passion for teaching, I mean a lot of my previous teachers have inspired me before and so, you know, just that sort of spark that you can create within a student that really inspired me to become a teacher and make a difference.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I was a teacher, so that's why I'm interested. I taught for 10 years in Ohio, and then when we moved out here, my son was 4.5 and then I home schooled him until last year, which was his freshman year in high school. So I got to him.
SPEAKER_L: How do you enjoy that experience?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, Absolutely, Absolutely. It's it's, you know, when you're looking at it a different point in your life, you see things differently and you see how it, oh, that's what they were really wanting us to learn. You know, I mean it really is different and so, yes, it was a great experience, but we found them also a terrific high school that we're very pleased with. So we're glad we made the transition to.
SPEAKER_L: that's good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Um And I have my brothers, um wife's family, all they live in Maui and both her parents were teachers and the brother in law lives there now and he's a teacher. So it must be a good profession there to go into with jobs. I mean, is there is there a lot of jobs for teachers?
SPEAKER_L: Um well, I mean it's kind of difficult right now during this coronavirus
SPEAKER_R: Well that, yes,
SPEAKER_L: situation.
SPEAKER_R: that changes things.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, I've been, you know, hearing on the news with teachers struggling and even within the public school system, in a way, there's a lot of pushback among teachers to push the start date because, you know, teachers just don't really know what the proper safety and health procedures will be
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: in the classrooms.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I don't think the officials know either. I think there's something that's
SPEAKER_L: so I feel for them, I mean, it's tough being a teacher during this time. I mean,
SPEAKER_R: is.
SPEAKER_L: you know, a lot of them are risking their lives to
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: teach these Children and, you know, just some extreme, you know, they're even writing their death wills and you know, it shouldn't be a profession where, you know, you need to risk your life in order to help the next generation. So,
SPEAKER_R: That's right.
SPEAKER_L: you know, that's a lot to think about.
SPEAKER_R: Are you doing methods or anything like that where you would have gone into the classroom this year at all
SPEAKER_L: Um, that would be next year
SPEAKER_R: next
SPEAKER_L: actually.
SPEAKER_R: year? Okay. So you're not because I wondered how that would then relate to, you know, future teachers being trained.
SPEAKER_L: Brain
SPEAKER_R: You know, that would because I mean, they're saying you're the younger group and g you don't get it very bad, But
SPEAKER_L: wrong.
SPEAKER_R: I still think you do. I.
SPEAKER_L: It's still risky. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. Okay. Well, do you think if you were actually higher teacher, would you go back to the classroom this year? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No, I mean, I just feel like there's too much risk. I mean, even though, you know, they say that my age category is likely to be more immune to the virus or at least have milder symptoms. I mean, you still hear reports
SPEAKER_R: Which
SPEAKER_L: about, you know, these did these symptoms that, you know, people in their twenties or thirties and living healthy lifestyle still, you know, receiving this virus as if, you know, it's about to take their life and
SPEAKER_R: fruit?
SPEAKER_L: you know, I really don't think that we should be, you know, playing a gamble and that kind of things.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. Do you think the distant learning though is appropriate? Do you think that it can be done?
SPEAKER_L: Um, it's been a struggle for me actually because I'm more of an active learner. And so I guess, I mean it's an appropriate step to take in sort of substituting, um, you know, lecture learnings or what not, right. You know, there's only so much interaction you can do, like videos you call and it just, it's just a different experience and you're not able to really engage fully within the learning environment.
SPEAKER_R: You feel that that's that's missing as far as the connection? Yeah. Well, is your teachers keeping it to just lecture type teaching? Is that how they're approaching this and
SPEAKER_L: a lot of them have tried doing like 300 to 400 like participant zoom calls, but to some extent they just feel like it's ineffective. So they've sort of left it to our own devices and just sort of assign different reading chapters to um, as homework. And you know, we basically have to have the self motivation during this time
SPEAKER_R: absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: and that itself is difficult.
SPEAKER_R: So do you because I agree. I think that that's when so we home school using using virtual schools for some of the years meaning that there were teachers and and we did the online distant like learning all along. Um and self motivation is the thing that I feel my son got from doing all that because you know, he knew it was it was on his shoulders as far as even back in first grade that your job is to learn how to write or your job is to, you know, that was so it did bring that out in him. So I thought it was a positive thing because if you think about life, I mean when you get your first job and all that, I mean you you're going to have to be self motivated self to figure it out. So I do think it's a good skill and if you value, you know, if you take it in like that, that you're getting a new skill that you can apply, then, you know, I guess picked the lemons to lemonade out of lemons, you know, pick the good price. But yeah. So have you traveled a lot?
SPEAKER_L: Um, No, not recently.
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: I mean maybe the last time I traveled was three years ago. I mean it's been a while. So,
SPEAKER_R: Where do you go?
SPEAKER_L: um, actually to visit relatives up in Japan. So that was a nice experience.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Was that the first
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: time?
SPEAKER_L: um, no, it's actually the second time. So it was a nice experiences during the spring. We stayed around like the Tokyo area. So it was kind of big me and you know, we got to see different attractions shopping. You know, even different types of foods.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Do you think you would want to ever move back there? I mean, in a sense of security, that means your family's there. So would you
SPEAKER_L: I guess it would be a little difficult for me because I don't speak japanese ruin me.
SPEAKER_R: survived?
SPEAKER_L: So I guess there's a language barrier, but at the same time, you know, they also have um secondary language opportunities for teachers up there and so, you know, like teaching abroad started programs and so, you know, that might be something that I might want to look into later on.
SPEAKER_R: Because it would give you have something to kind of route you down to start, you know, So that's nice. Instead of just randomly and yeah. Yeah. Well, we, we had a, my husband's and musician and we had a cruise scheduled this spring which obviously got canned, We were supposed to tour the british isles in Ireland and you know, all up in there, which would have been amazing, but mhm.
SPEAKER_L: sounds like it would have been
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: not,
SPEAKER_L: a spectacular trip.
SPEAKER_R: yes, last year we went to Australia for the trip and that's Sydney was one of my favorite cities, ever, ever, ever, ever. It was just really a cool city and nice people and um food. I really, yeah, I wasn't that blown over by their food presentations I guess. I don't know right.
SPEAKER_L: what kind of food do they have them?
SPEAKER_R: Well, the barbecue BBQ foods are a big part of it, but they really are just a mishmash. There's not a whole lot. I mean the vegemite is the, you know, their big thing, well it's not edible, um but there was nothing that stood out to be specifically of them really. Whereas like in Japan. Yes that would be terrific to you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know what
SPEAKER_L: see.
SPEAKER_R: but so but hopefully we can get back to traveling and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, hopefully within, you know, maybe at least the next year or two, that would be nice. But
SPEAKER_R: I I hope even by next spring things because next year's cruises spain and Portugal and africa and so that one I wanted to but
SPEAKER_L: how's the coronavirus situation in California?
SPEAKER_R: terrible. They're not control, it's not controlled there. Um I mean I have some personal opinions but I think that when the protests and the rioting started the mindset, the urgency to stay home and do all these things when I and I I just you know because if they're allowed to do that then I'm allowed to go to my friend's house and have a barbecue and no
SPEAKER_L: It's a double
SPEAKER_R: battery
SPEAKER_L: standard,
SPEAKER_R: and I just think that's where we're at so hopefully we can snuff it out. But no, but the thing that concerns me is the death rates are going up and I know that they have found ways to treat it and all this so why, you know that, that to me, I don't care if you take the cases and they're saying it's all these young kids that are getting it here, but then why is the death rate going up? So that concerns me a lot. But now as Hawaii schools actually going to have any in session, are they totally distant learning? Because each state is
SPEAKER_L: Um, yeah, they're planning right now to push back the semester from the first time, the start date from the first week of august until the third week of august, so I believe around august 17th, if I'm not mistaken, and they just sort of, you know, did this, you know, relatively quickly, because initially, I guess once they started receiving the pushback, a petition was going around um, having teachers from the public school system to sign it and have like a board meeting to discuss and vote on pushing back the start. Me, I mean, at least in that sense it gives teachers more prep time and, you know, being able to make more accommodations within the classrooms for students. But the thing that sort of concerns me is how are they going to fit the same amount of students within that classroom if they're going to have desks, you know, three ft apart.
SPEAKER_R: Right. That yeah, something doesn't make sense there in just but Hawaii is doing okay with the numbers, aren't they? I know,
SPEAKER_L: Um, recently we've been seeing cases in the hundreds. Um, this has been going on for like three days now, um because beforehand it was relatively within mm 40 to 60 range.
SPEAKER_R: Who
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: is?
SPEAKER_L: then all of a sudden I don't know if you've heard but Hawaii recently became under a hurricane threat this past weekend.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, yeah. Douglas.
SPEAKER_L: And so Right. So after that I just because there was a delay in testing and clinical facilities were closed, the case numbers started to take up. So I think even yesterday it was within like 100 and sixty's and so.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if that's just backlog type of stuff because or is it really new case? See that that's the part how they're recording all this. It's not it's not done well. I mean it's too confusing because that part of the information needs to be part of the whole picture when you as a citizen are just looking at it and right now you're thinking, gosh, it's taking up. I'm not going anywhere, you know? Whereas if they had explanation, you might think differently, you know, is following right? I I don't know. I'm I'm disappointed in our system that we weren't better prepared. I think literally isn't that the C. D. C. S job is to prepare for countryside, you know? Countrywide type things and they've had ideas that would work. And
SPEAKER_L: When?
SPEAKER_R: but I also I found during all of this has been interesting the levels of what government parts are responsible. So like the federal versus the state versus a local and I find that fascinating. I mean I know we learned it but I didn't really ever pay enough. Let's see it work in action. And I'm surprised at how the local level is so important. Like when I would vote, I wouldn't vote for mayor. You know who, I don't even know these guys, they don't pay attention, but right now that is like our most important person in our life and it's like my better study them next time around. I don't like the job he's doing. So I'm like, ok,
SPEAKER_L: Brain
SPEAKER_R: I know what
SPEAKER_L: when?
SPEAKER_R: my task, I think it's in a couple of years that he's out of there, so, but
SPEAKER_L: It makes it even more I guess sort of interesting because this year is an election year. And so what I'm thinking is, you know, because of what's going on within our government and how it's playing out into our lifestyles that a lot of people are going to sort of start to realize that, you know, government plays an important role in our lives and it's important to elect the leaders who we want to be. So
SPEAKER_R: I agree.
SPEAKER_L: we'll
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: see
SPEAKER_R: hopefully we have a lot of turnout this year and
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: it, um, I I still don't know if it's going to bring that many changes, but it's the right direct
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: as far as um, I'm surprised at how many laws are state laws like how, how much of this was based upon the state's response in the states doings as far as how we handle this virus. I thought it would be a federal thing. And it isn't, I mean they can support, they can give money
SPEAKER_L: Wave.
SPEAKER_R: and give supplies, but they can't make rules about it. And I think I find that interesting to that. I don't know, you just kind of assume, you know, the president can make the rules, the rules, but it's not true. And and obviously the states that have made decisions early on are the ones. I mean our death rate really for the size of our state of California is very low. So he obviously did make some right decisions in early part and he did, he shot his timing san Francisco shutdown way early before everybody else they were the first. So those actions really you can see the difference and um, you know, hindsight, you can say you're glad he did and all that, but I don't know, and it concerns me though now places that were okay, like Wyoming and uh Montana, Wyoming Solo, but the summer, I know three different people that, that was their vacation, they drove up there and then I noticed their numbers like when sky high and I'm like, people are bringing it to them, they should down their borders and you guys kind of done that when you have the tourists, you know the
SPEAKER_L: Right, right. We've had to shut down tourism basically completely. And it's had a huge economic impact
SPEAKER_R: absolutely,
SPEAKER_L: on our local businesses and lives. I mean, a lot of people are losing jobs left and right. And you know, I feel for these businesses, I mean, you know, without, you know, tourism, I mean, even though there are pros and cons to it, I mean, it's basically what boy rents
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: what it's all about, yep, yep. Well, and you also have to think about the layers of who then is affected if that certain kind of business is not able to be a business, the layers that belong to it. So like I said, my husband is a professional musician, Well, okay, there's no gigs, there's no bars open, there's no restaurants open, so, you know, there's no jobs, there's absolutely nothing. And they basically said, you're phase for, so we're in phase one, so it's a long time away in my mind, but then you think about like, he's done a lot of tv shows, well then you have the right people and the and the food people and the makeup, it's just the layers that are so affected by one thing, not being able to happen, like a restaurant or a bar being open. Look at the layers that it it affects. And I hope our congress can figure out what they're going to do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, I feel like it's difficult to find the balance between how do we get our economy going, but yet have a safe enough sort of environment where we can do this without numbers ticking and rising. But you know, I feel like there's so much polarization between republicans and democrats and you know nothing is being really done to sort of meet in the middle and
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: find a solution so.
SPEAKER_R: I agree. I know, and that's, that's where we've got to and maybe it's kind of the storm and we're gonna figure that out. I mean, maybe we this disaster to like bring us together. So hopefully that's one of the other goods that can come out of it. But no, I agree that I feel that the opposite parties are deliberately doing things wrong to prove their point and vice versa and that's never gonna work. So we we are we just stay home, we go shopping very minimally and we figure out how we're going to pay the bills. But that's why you're laughing. Because I start I mean that's, you know, you can, if you work at it, you can do
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You can make, you know, maybe not enough, but I mean enough to like, you know, maybe buy dinner for the day or what not.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. So that's how But I know there was another ones. Have you tried any of the other survey?
SPEAKER_L: Um I've tried testable minds prolific and empty so far. I mean I like prolific because you know their pay is very reasonable and you know unlike mturk where you know like you have all these different tasks and some of them can range from one sent to maybe like $15. I mean prolific gives, you know are reasonable pay
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: to where you know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Warm. I have. Like my son actually is who found it. So try this one. So I'm thankful that he he said it was, you know, he did all the research to know that it's safe and all those
SPEAKER_L: Free.
SPEAKER_R: things. So because I would probably fall for something silly and lose our uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: there's another one that I uh it's a product company, it's called proof of purchase, P. P. O. P. P. O. C. But proof of purchase and it's working with companies when they first put out their products and wanting to get feedback of you know, is there labelling good is their name good? You know just things like that and that one has was great. But ever since I'm assuming it has to do with shipping because they go through amazon, there's really been no jobs whatsoever. So I'm hoping that some reason and maybe, I don't know, maybe they're in jail. I thought that
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: you never know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I worked for a, when I first had my son, I worked for a person and her sister that we're selling bridal grounds and my job was just to basically put things in spreadsheets and get them prepared for putting it up on the web and here they never told me, you know what to do or whatever. But they were they got in trouble because they were using pictures of other websites represent
SPEAKER_L: without the
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: permission?
SPEAKER_R: I'm sister went to jail and I found out about it later that it was like they didn't pull me into that. I'm thinking, well I did what you told me to do. I didn't, you know, I didn't well
SPEAKER_L: You're basically innocent. You
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: didn't know.
SPEAKER_R: out of the heat. They made the decision to do that and probably should have known better. So because they were selling
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: the gowns cheap and so course it was popular of course they were making a lot of money doing it that way. But right. Um pop.
SPEAKER_L: See
SPEAKER_R: So do you surf?
SPEAKER_L: no actually I tried surfing actually I took a couple of lessons
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: and um yeah I was actually offered through one of my P. E. Courses um
SPEAKER_R: come
SPEAKER_L: during
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: my high school year. And so you know I got on the board surfed like maybe like relatively small waves like maybe like under a foot. Um But you know I enjoyed the experience but I don't know I guess I don't feel like circuit is my sort of thing. You know, I would help on the board if you know there was an opportunity but you know to be able to serve like those big waves that you see, you know pro surfing leads, you know surfing that's just like unbelievable which he scores my mind.
SPEAKER_R: Well I mean we we only did the body board but it was interesting how you get that sense of when to to jump, when to go. That how your instincts, you know not in
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: just all about timing I guess.
SPEAKER_R: it is it is. So do you do any other sports or not? A
SPEAKER_L: Um I do tennis and occasionally jogging and running just like sort of as like a de stressor and um she's just a fair but yeah I think finding that I just jogging and running like daily, I mean I guess exercising for me is sort of like a distress er but yet also like a physical fitness sort of way to keep my body healthy and so you know if I can you know kill two birds with one stone you know
SPEAKER_R: No that's good.
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing yeah
SPEAKER_R: Do you like gaming? You do any? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not really a sort of gamer, I mean I've tried a few games but I mean like Call of Duty and you know those other shooting games it just isn't really sort of my game I guess. I mean I'm more of the type of game while I guess I would prefer games where use more logic based skills, I guess, like maybe like scrabble or Words with friends
SPEAKER_R: look
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: up world of goo
SPEAKER_L: world of goo,
SPEAKER_R: mm that's it.
SPEAKER_L: what does that give me the bottle?
SPEAKER_R: Well so the premise behind it is you there's this fun story and you are using you have to put together goo blobs to achieve something. So it's physics, it's it's um I'm trying to think it was so long ago but it was one of my son's favorite games. We had so much fun but then they have they have other now gains world of whatever world of. But um, it's very well done and how they use humor. The humor is very weird. We humor, it's not in your face humor and, but it's it's a good thinking game. It's a great, great thinking game. He, he liked my son of course is a gamer and he does play all the ones you mentioned. But he also, um, O C O S U is one he's played for number of years and he's like, I don't know in the top people in the world kind of,
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: it's a music game and its rhythm. I mean in my mind for them. But it's, you know, things you, you have to just react to on the screen for the music and I don't know the songs. To me. We're all japanese songs at the beginning when they first started doing it. It was, yeah, so that, that one to me is interesting because it's just a little bit different than, you know, think of gaming. I mean to me it's a little more thinking then and then Minecraft was a big one. Did you ever get into that?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well actually, I first started playing Minecraft or my ipad and you know, it's almost like legal in a sense
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: that, you know, you have the creativity to build what you want, you can build a community to build your
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: house
SPEAKER_R: didn't,
SPEAKER_L: and you know, it just really sparks, I use creativity and just sort of, you know, the different possibilities that your mind can basically try and set out to do. And I've seen a lot of teachers in the past years um using that as sort of a curriculum for students.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like a tool to use to teach concept. Yeah, yeah. There's really, I used to play with my son and his friends and we would build these awesome things and he recreated the santa Monica pier. He did. I mean, it's just, you know, just fun, fun things that we've done. That. I think that game to me is another one that stands out to just be a more of a thinking and creative, like you said everything, which I appreciate more than the shooting games. I don't like this, I don't like them playing them. I don't want to see him. But well he's a teenager so he's got a I guess it's the thing to do right now, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Even from my brother, I mean he plays Call of Duty on his phone,
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: I don't know for me, I just could never really see the attraction to it, like I mean I guess it's stimulating for teenagers
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: on the phone is there, I don't know if there's limits. Is there a lot of interaction and strategy with the other players or you by yourself?
SPEAKER_L: um I'm not too familiar, I mean I think you have the option to play multiplayer games um but I think you know as compared to like the Xbox or like the Playstation, it's relatively limited in the sense of being able to chat with your friends at the same time. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That because he does the steam count. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: He never got into he never got into like the Xbox or that. It's always been the computer and
SPEAKER_L: also
SPEAKER_R: I just don't know
SPEAKER_L: the peace
SPEAKER_R: limit.
SPEAKER_L: and games.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, pc based versions of it. I don't know if there's limits to because I know like the Minecraft on your phone, it's limited. It's limited or to what the computer version was. So that's why wondering if there was, you know, is he playing with groups of people and with the strap? Because what I noticed the good of it is that there's a lot of strategy with it. There's a lot of strategy if you're working in a group of what you're gonna do and who's gonna move here and who's going to do that? Well, okay. That's that's a good skill. That's okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But but I don't know. Yeah, the different things how good or bad or what they feature can feature. So so what are you doing the rest of your day?
SPEAKER_L: Um Probably working prolific for a little while um and then you take a break, eat some lunch um since right now it's
SPEAKER_R: I'm going to
SPEAKER_L: time
SPEAKER_R: stay with.
SPEAKER_L: 11 30 over here, so um and then after that maybe they went in and jogging and so spend some time with family.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Is your everybody staying healthy?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so far so just trying to keep you know doing our duty to protect ourselves from the virus and you know following whatever safety and health protocols that the experts recommend.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. That's what we're trying, we feel, you know, there's a lot of pushing going on and what's right and wrong, but we're better just, we'll just stay home then you guys go fight it out and we'll come out, run this all over. Well, it was very nice talking to you and yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Youtube. Thank you for this opportunity.
SPEAKER_R: he's turned out great. I've enjoyed both of them that I've done it twice now with these kind and I like, so I had a student in pennsylvania was the last time. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: how did that go?
SPEAKER_R: Good, good. And I think he's he was from Jamaica, so you know, he had
SPEAKER_L: just to,
SPEAKER_R: that part of it, but he um you know, he was very because I was from Ohio and pennsylvania is right next. He's lived there for most of his life. So we had connections of just the area um you know, because it's different than what cal is like, so, you know, had things I could ask them in places and you know, so it was also very interesting, so, but I I appreciate your time too. And
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: hopefully we cross paths are good. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: we'll see him.
SPEAKER_R: All right, we'll take care. All right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you too. Thank you. Bye bye.