Yeah. Hi there.
I
can't hear. Yeah, I'm good. How are you?
Yeah. So you've been working for prolific for a while.
All right. This is one of the braver ones, I think. Yeah.
Yes. But so I'm going to ask. So are you in high school or college college is my
Yes. Okay. And where do you go?
Of which one?
Oh, are you in Hawaii? I would love to come down.
Hey, we're in Los Angeles. So
I've made the trip to Hawaii from here, but I need to go back. Yeah.
Hot. Hundreds. And I mean there's no humidity. So I'm from actually the Ohio. So my summers have been humid and hot. So this is different and I like it better than the humidity, but now it's like 100 degrees today and said it. So, yeah.
No,
we, we don't. You see, we when the Coronas coronavirus started after all our events, because this is a condo complex and we are
afraid because I don't know. Nobody seems to know any real answers. So we had blocked them all. And so that's how we've been and we open up everything at night so we can get it cold by the so we're okay.
Just, you know, it'll be in the nineties the rest of the week, so we'll survive. But so can I ask what you're studying, right?
Well, it's all
You're going to stay in Hawaii and teach there.
Yeah. What made you want to go into education? Mhm.
Well, I was a teacher, so that's why I'm interested. I taught for 10 years in Ohio, and then when we moved out here, my son was 4.5 and then I home schooled him until last year, which was his freshman year in high school. So I got to him.
Yes, Absolutely, Absolutely. It's it's, you know, when you're looking at it a different point in your life, you see things differently and you see how it, oh, that's what they were really wanting us to learn. You know, I mean it really is different and so, yes, it was a great experience, but we found them also a terrific high school that we're very pleased with. So we're glad we made the transition to.
Yeah. Yeah. Um And I have my brothers, um wife's family, all they live in Maui and both her parents were teachers and the brother in law lives there now and he's a teacher. So it must be a good profession there to go into with jobs. I mean, is there is there a lot of jobs for teachers?
Well that, yes,
that changes things.
Well,
yeah. I don't think the officials know either. I think there's something that's
is.
Absolutely.
That's right.
Are you doing methods or anything like that where you would have gone into the classroom this year at all
next
year? Okay. So you're not because I wondered how that would then relate to, you know, future teachers being trained.
You know, that would because I mean, they're saying you're the younger group and g you don't get it very bad, But
I still think you do. I.
Absolutely. Okay. Well, do you think if you were actually higher teacher, would you go back to the classroom this year? Yeah.
Which
fruit?
Mhm. Yeah. Do you think the distant learning though is appropriate? Do you think that it can be done?
You feel that that's that's missing as far as the connection? Yeah. Well, is your teachers keeping it to just lecture type teaching? Is that how they're approaching this and
absolutely.
So do you because I agree. I think that that's when so we home school using using virtual schools for some of the years meaning that there were teachers and and we did the online distant like learning all along. Um and self motivation is the thing that I feel my son got from doing all that because you know, he knew it was it was on his shoulders as far as even back in first grade that your job is to learn how to write or your job is to, you know, that was so it did bring that out in him. So I thought it was a positive thing because if you think about life, I mean when you get your first job and all that, I mean you you're going to have to be self motivated self to figure it out. So I do think it's a good skill and if you value, you know, if you take it in like that, that you're getting a new skill that you can apply, then, you know, I guess picked the lemons to lemonade out of lemons, you know, pick the good price. But yeah. So have you traveled a lot?
Not
Where do you go?
Yeah. Was that the first
time?
Yeah. Do you think you would want to ever move back there? I mean, in a sense of security, that means your family's there. So would you
survived?
Because it would give you have something to kind of route you down to start, you know, So that's nice. Instead of just randomly and yeah. Yeah. Well, we, we had a, my husband's and musician and we had a cruise scheduled this spring which obviously got canned, We were supposed to tour the british isles in Ireland and you know, all up in there, which would have been amazing, but mhm.
And
not,
yes, last year we went to Australia for the trip and that's Sydney was one of my favorite cities, ever, ever, ever, ever. It was just really a cool city and nice people and um food. I really, yeah, I wasn't that blown over by their food presentations I guess. I don't know right.
Well, the barbecue BBQ foods are a big part of it, but they really are just a mishmash. There's not a whole lot. I mean the vegemite is the, you know, their big thing, well it's not edible, um but there was nothing that stood out to be specifically of them really. Whereas like in Japan. Yes that would be terrific to you
know what
but so but hopefully we can get back to traveling and
I I hope even by next spring things because next year's cruises spain and Portugal and africa and so that one I wanted to but
terrible. They're not control, it's not controlled there. Um I mean I have some personal opinions but I think that when the protests and the rioting started the mindset, the urgency to stay home and do all these things when I and I I just you know because if they're allowed to do that then I'm allowed to go to my friend's house and have a barbecue and no
battery
and I just think that's where we're at so hopefully we can snuff it out. But no, but the thing that concerns me is the death rates are going up and I know that they have found ways to treat it and all this so why, you know that, that to me, I don't care if you take the cases and they're saying it's all these young kids that are getting it here, but then why is the death rate going up? So that concerns me a lot. But now as Hawaii schools actually going to have any in session, are they totally distant learning? Because each state is
Right. That yeah, something doesn't make sense there in just but Hawaii is doing okay with the numbers, aren't they? I know,
Who
is?
yeah, yeah, yeah. Douglas.
I don't know if that's just backlog type of stuff because or is it really new case? See that that's the part how they're recording all this. It's not it's not done well. I mean it's too confusing because that part of the information needs to be part of the whole picture when you as a citizen are just looking at it and right now you're thinking, gosh, it's taking up. I'm not going anywhere, you know? Whereas if they had explanation, you might think differently, you know, is following right? I I don't know. I'm I'm disappointed in our system that we weren't better prepared. I think literally isn't that the C. D. C. S job is to prepare for countryside, you know? Countrywide type things and they've had ideas that would work. And
but I also I found during all of this has been interesting the levels of what government parts are responsible. So like the federal versus the state versus a local and I find that fascinating. I mean I know we learned it but I didn't really ever pay enough. Let's see it work in action. And I'm surprised at how the local level is so important. Like when I would vote, I wouldn't vote for mayor. You know who, I don't even know these guys, they don't pay attention, but right now that is like our most important person in our life and it's like my better study them next time around. I don't like the job he's doing. So I'm like, ok,
I know what
my task, I think it's in a couple of years that he's out of there, so, but
I agree.
I
hopefully we have a lot of turnout this year and
it, um, I I still don't know if it's going to bring that many changes, but it's the right direct
as far as um, I'm surprised at how many laws are state laws like how, how much of this was based upon the state's response in the states doings as far as how we handle this virus. I thought it would be a federal thing. And it isn't, I mean they can support, they can give money
and give supplies, but they can't make rules about it. And I think I find that interesting to that. I don't know, you just kind of assume, you know, the president can make the rules, the rules, but it's not true. And and obviously the states that have made decisions early on are the ones. I mean our death rate really for the size of our state of California is very low. So he obviously did make some right decisions in early part and he did, he shot his timing san Francisco shutdown way early before everybody else they were the first. So those actions really you can see the difference and um, you know, hindsight, you can say you're glad he did and all that, but I don't know, and it concerns me though now places that were okay, like Wyoming and uh Montana, Wyoming Solo, but the summer, I know three different people that, that was their vacation, they drove up there and then I noticed their numbers like when sky high and I'm like, people are bringing it to them, they should down their borders and you guys kind of done that when you have the tourists, you know the
absolutely,
that's
what it's all about, yep, yep. Well, and you also have to think about the layers of who then is affected if that certain kind of business is not able to be a business, the layers that belong to it. So like I said, my husband is a professional musician, Well, okay, there's no gigs, there's no bars open, there's no restaurants open, so, you know, there's no jobs, there's absolutely nothing. And they basically said, you're phase for, so we're in phase one, so it's a long time away in my mind, but then you think about like, he's done a lot of tv shows, well then you have the right people and the and the food people and the makeup, it's just the layers that are so affected by one thing, not being able to happen, like a restaurant or a bar being open. Look at the layers that it it affects. And I hope our congress can figure out what they're going to do.
we're
I agree. I know, and that's, that's where we've got to and maybe it's kind of the storm and we're gonna figure that out. I mean, maybe we this disaster to like bring us together. So hopefully that's one of the other goods that can come out of it. But no, I agree that I feel that the opposite parties are deliberately doing things wrong to prove their point and vice versa and that's never gonna work. So we we are we just stay home, we go shopping very minimally and we figure out how we're going to pay the bills. But that's why you're laughing. Because I start I mean that's, you know, you can, if you work at it, you can do
Right. Right. So that's how But I know there was another ones. Have you tried any of the other survey?
What?
Yeah. Warm. I have. Like my son actually is who found it. So try this one. So I'm thankful that he he said it was, you know, he did all the research to know that it's safe and all those
things. So because I would probably fall for something silly and lose our uh
there's another one that I uh it's a product company, it's called proof of purchase, P. P. O. P. P. O. C. But proof of purchase and it's working with companies when they first put out their products and wanting to get feedback of you know, is there labelling good is their name good? You know just things like that and that one has was great. But ever since I'm assuming it has to do with shipping because they go through amazon, there's really been no jobs whatsoever. So I'm hoping that some reason and maybe, I don't know, maybe they're in jail. I thought that
you never know. Yeah.
I worked for a, when I first had my son, I worked for a person and her sister that we're selling bridal grounds and my job was just to basically put things in spreadsheets and get them prepared for putting it up on the web and here they never told me, you know what to do or whatever. But they were they got in trouble because they were using pictures of other websites represent
and
I'm sister went to jail and I found out about it later that it was like they didn't pull me into that. I'm thinking, well I did what you told me to do. I didn't, you know, I didn't well
I'm
out of the heat. They made the decision to do that and probably should have known better. So because they were selling
the gowns cheap and so course it was popular of course they were making a lot of money doing it that way. But right. Um pop.
So do you surf?
Well
come
on.
Well I mean we we only did the body board but it was interesting how you get that sense of when to to jump, when to go. That how your instincts, you know not in
there.
it is it is. So do you do any other sports or not? A
No that's good.
Do you like gaming? You do any? Okay.
look
up world of goo
mm that's it.
Well so the premise behind it is you there's this fun story and you are using you have to put together goo blobs to achieve something. So it's physics, it's it's um I'm trying to think it was so long ago but it was one of my son's favorite games. We had so much fun but then they have they have other now gains world of whatever world of. But um, it's very well done and how they use humor. The humor is very weird. We humor, it's not in your face humor and, but it's it's a good thinking game. It's a great, great thinking game. He, he liked my son of course is a gamer and he does play all the ones you mentioned. But he also, um, O C O S U is one he's played for number of years and he's like, I don't know in the top people in the world kind of,
it's a music game and its rhythm. I mean in my mind for them. But it's, you know, things you, you have to just react to on the screen for the music and I don't know the songs. To me. We're all japanese songs at the beginning when they first started doing it. It was, yeah, so that, that one to me is interesting because it's just a little bit different than, you know, think of gaming. I mean to me it's a little more thinking then and then Minecraft was a big one. Did you ever get into that?
What?
You
didn't,
Yeah. Like a tool to use to teach concept. Yeah, yeah. There's really, I used to play with my son and his friends and we would build these awesome things and he recreated the santa Monica pier. He did. I mean, it's just, you know, just fun, fun things that we've done. That. I think that game to me is another one that stands out to just be a more of a thinking and creative, like you said everything, which I appreciate more than the shooting games. I don't like this, I don't like them playing them. I don't want to see him. But well he's a teenager so he's got a I guess it's the thing to do right now, so
but
well
on the phone is there, I don't know if there's limits. Is there a lot of interaction and strategy with the other players or you by yourself?
That because he does the steam count. Yeah.
He never got into he never got into like the Xbox or that. It's always been the computer and
I just don't know
limit.
Yeah, pc based versions of it. I don't know if there's limits to because I know like the Minecraft on your phone, it's limited. It's limited or to what the computer version was. So that's why wondering if there was, you know, is he playing with groups of people and with the strap? Because what I noticed the good of it is that there's a lot of strategy with it. There's a lot of strategy if you're working in a group of what you're gonna do and who's gonna move here and who's going to do that? Well, okay. That's that's a good skill. That's okay. Yeah.
But but I don't know. Yeah, the different things how good or bad or what they feature can feature. So so what are you doing the rest of your day?
I'm going to
stay with.
Yeah. Is your everybody staying healthy?
Yeah. Yeah. That's what we're trying, we feel, you know, there's a lot of pushing going on and what's right and wrong, but we're better just, we'll just stay home then you guys go fight it out and we'll come out, run this all over. Well, it was very nice talking to you and yeah,
he's turned out great. I've enjoyed both of them that I've done it twice now with these kind and I like, so I had a student in pennsylvania was the last time. Mhm.
Good, good. And I think he's he was from Jamaica, so you know, he had
that part of it, but he um you know, he was very because I was from Ohio and pennsylvania is right next. He's lived there for most of his life. So we had connections of just the area um you know, because it's different than what cal is like, so, you know, had things I could ask them in places and you know, so it was also very interesting, so, but I I appreciate your time too. And
hopefully we cross paths are good. Mhm.
All right, we'll take care. All right.