Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, to do. Okay. Dr did you? Yeah. Mhm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh okay. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. No. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Yes. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Okay.
Hi, how are
you?
Good.
Um No actually I just kind of started so it's been about maybe two months now I think.
Have you tried Mturk also?
College
University of Hawaii,
University of Hawaii,
Where are you located
Oh, I see.
How's the weather over there?
I'm sure you have the ec blasting
man.
I see.
that's good.
secondary education currently, so
hopefully becoming a teacher and you know, maybe teaching middle school or high school
um right now I'm sort of undecided. I mean it'd be nice if there were other opportunities that, you know, travel abroad or even in the mainland.
I think just a passion for teaching, I mean a lot of my previous teachers have inspired me before and so, you know, just that sort of spark that you can create within a student that really inspired me to become a teacher and make a difference.
How do you enjoy that experience?
that's good.
Um well, I mean it's kind of difficult right now during this coronavirus
situation.
Yeah, I mean, I've been, you know, hearing on the news with teachers struggling and even within the public school system, in a way, there's a lot of pushback among teachers to push the start date because, you know, teachers just don't really know what the proper safety and health procedures will be
in the classrooms.
so I feel for them, I mean, it's tough being a teacher during this time. I mean,
you know, a lot of them are risking their lives to
teach these Children and, you know, just some extreme, you know, they're even writing their death wills and you know, it shouldn't be a profession where, you know, you need to risk your life in order to help the next generation. So,
you know, that's a lot to think about.
Um, that would be next year
actually.
Brain
wrong.
It's still risky. Yeah.
No, I mean, I just feel like there's too much risk. I mean, even though, you know, they say that my age category is likely to be more immune to the virus or at least have milder symptoms. I mean, you still hear reports
about, you know, these did these symptoms that, you know, people in their twenties or thirties and living healthy lifestyle still, you know, receiving this virus as if, you know, it's about to take their life and
you know, I really don't think that we should be, you know, playing a gamble and that kind of things.
Um, it's been a struggle for me actually because I'm more of an active learner. And so I guess, I mean it's an appropriate step to take in sort of substituting, um, you know, lecture learnings or what not, right. You know, there's only so much interaction you can do, like videos you call and it just, it's just a different experience and you're not able to really engage fully within the learning environment.
a lot of them have tried doing like 300 to 400 like participant zoom calls, but to some extent they just feel like it's ineffective. So they've sort of left it to our own devices and just sort of assign different reading chapters to um, as homework. And you know, we basically have to have the self motivation during this time
and that itself is difficult.
Um, No, not recently.
I mean maybe the last time I traveled was three years ago. I mean it's been a while. So,
um, actually to visit relatives up in Japan. So that was a nice experience.
is
um, no, it's actually the second time. So it was a nice experiences during the spring. We stayed around like the Tokyo area. So it was kind of big me and you know, we got to see different attractions shopping. You know, even different types of foods.
I guess it would be a little difficult for me because I don't speak japanese ruin me.
So I guess there's a language barrier, but at the same time, you know, they also have um secondary language opportunities for teachers up there and so, you know, like teaching abroad started programs and so, you know, that might be something that I might want to look into later on.
sounds like it would have been
like
a spectacular trip.
what kind of food do they have them?
I
see.
Yeah, I mean, hopefully within, you know, maybe at least the next year or two, that would be nice. But
how's the coronavirus situation in California?
It's a double
standard,
Um, yeah, they're planning right now to push back the semester from the first time, the start date from the first week of august until the third week of august, so I believe around august 17th, if I'm not mistaken, and they just sort of, you know, did this, you know, relatively quickly, because initially, I guess once they started receiving the pushback, a petition was going around um, having teachers from the public school system to sign it and have like a board meeting to discuss and vote on pushing back the start. Me, I mean, at least in that sense it gives teachers more prep time and, you know, being able to make more accommodations within the classrooms for students. But the thing that sort of concerns me is how are they going to fit the same amount of students within that classroom if they're going to have desks, you know, three ft apart.
Um, recently we've been seeing cases in the hundreds. Um, this has been going on for like three days now, um because beforehand it was relatively within mm 40 to 60 range.
And
then all of a sudden I don't know if you've heard but Hawaii recently became under a hurricane threat this past weekend.
And so Right. So after that I just because there was a delay in testing and clinical facilities were closed, the case numbers started to take up. So I think even yesterday it was within like 100 and sixty's and so.
When?
Brain
when?
It makes it even more I guess sort of interesting because this year is an election year. And so what I'm thinking is, you know, because of what's going on within our government and how it's playing out into our lifestyles that a lot of people are going to sort of start to realize that, you know, government plays an important role in our lives and it's important to elect the leaders who we want to be. So
we'll
see
great.
Right.
Wave.
Right, right. We've had to shut down tourism basically completely. And it's had a huge economic impact
on our local businesses and lives. I mean, a lot of people are losing jobs left and right. And you know, I feel for these businesses, I mean, you know, without, you know, tourism, I mean, even though there are pros and cons to it, I mean, it's basically what boy rents
on.
Yeah. I mean, I feel like it's difficult to find the balance between how do we get our economy going, but yet have a safe enough sort of environment where we can do this without numbers ticking and rising. But you know, I feel like there's so much polarization between republicans and democrats and you know nothing is being really done to sort of meet in the middle and
find a solution so.
Yeah. You can make, you know, maybe not enough, but I mean enough to like, you know, maybe buy dinner for the day or what not.
Um I've tried testable minds prolific and empty so far. I mean I like prolific because you know their pay is very reasonable and you know unlike mturk where you know like you have all these different tasks and some of them can range from one sent to maybe like $15. I mean prolific gives, you know are reasonable pay
to where you know. Yeah.
Free.
Yeah.
Oh yeah. Uh huh.
Yeah.
without the
permission?
You're basically innocent. You
didn't know.
We
See
no actually I tried surfing actually I took a couple of lessons
and um yeah I was actually offered through one of my P. E. Courses um
during
my high school year. And so you know I got on the board surfed like maybe like relatively small waves like maybe like under a foot. Um But you know I enjoyed the experience but I don't know I guess I don't feel like circuit is my sort of thing. You know, I would help on the board if you know there was an opportunity but you know to be able to serve like those big waves that you see, you know pro surfing leads, you know surfing that's just like unbelievable which he scores my mind.
it's
just all about timing I guess.
Um I do tennis and occasionally jogging and running just like sort of as like a de stressor and um she's just a fair but yeah I think finding that I just jogging and running like daily, I mean I guess exercising for me is sort of like a distress er but yet also like a physical fitness sort of way to keep my body healthy and so you know if I can you know kill two birds with one stone you know
I'm doing yeah
I'm not really a sort of gamer, I mean I've tried a few games but I mean like Call of Duty and you know those other shooting games it just isn't really sort of my game I guess. I mean I'm more of the type of game while I guess I would prefer games where use more logic based skills, I guess, like maybe like scrabble or Words with friends
or
world of goo,
what does that give me the bottle?
Well.
Yeah. Well actually, I first started playing Minecraft or my ipad and you know, it's almost like legal in a sense
that, you know, you have the creativity to build what you want, you can build a community to build your
house
and you know, it just really sparks, I use creativity and just sort of, you know, the different possibilities that your mind can basically try and set out to do. And I've seen a lot of teachers in the past years um using that as sort of a curriculum for students.
Yeah. Even from my brother, I mean he plays Call of Duty on his phone,
I don't know for me, I just could never really see the attraction to it, like I mean I guess it's stimulating for teenagers
but
um I'm not too familiar, I mean I think you have the option to play multiplayer games um but I think you know as compared to like the Xbox or like the Playstation, it's relatively limited in the sense of being able to chat with your friends at the same time. Yeah.
yeah,
also
the peace
and games.
Yeah.
Um Probably working prolific for a little while um and then you take a break, eat some lunch um since right now it's
time
11 30 over here, so um and then after that maybe they went in and jogging and so spend some time with family.
Yeah so far so just trying to keep you know doing our duty to protect ourselves from the virus and you know following whatever safety and health protocols that the experts recommend.
Youtube. Thank you for this opportunity.
how did that go?
just to,
Yeah. Thank you.
we'll see him.
Yeah you too. Thank you. Bye bye.