mm. Oh yes. What? Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, you have that kind of thing. Uh huh. What? Okay, that's what you think about it. Yeah. You can already habit that you wanted to. Oh all right. So uh yeah hi
you want
that
get
the players like
I don't know. Um it's a 25 minute conversation. Okay. With just a random person. I'm from America. Sounds like you are too.
Yeah, I'm in florida right now.
Uh Sunny. It's very nice. I'm from the northeast to though uh from New Jersey and new york.
yes. Um I just calm beach county southeast florida kind of where everyone through the northeast ends up and usually. Mhm.
I mean it doesn't really seem like we have a close uh you know I I jog pretty early in the morning, I used to just job regularly, but then I started doing it earlier to avoid people and um I still see people then and you know it's still been pretty steady that there's been people like gathering around and stuff. Uh
Yeah, they almost completely like ignored around here and there's a good contingent of people that are like I guess proudly ignoring it and like congregating
in public spaces and Yeah, I mean but there's there's a lot of people doing that. I mean that's that's part of I guess the problem is like if you have to shut down everything in order to stop it for 30 days and then people keep gathering outside before we can actually do that then. Yeah, so um but florida is a red state like that, so you know,
so.
Yeah. Right. Uh huh. But now I'm pretty intensely liberal so you know I work from home and that's what I've been doing and just you know, stay out of trouble, stay in shape, stay
home pretty bold coming up,
right? That's that's just as valid. That's good. Um I like to start my day earlier. I find that I do well financially if I do that. So I've been trying to get up earlier and earlier and uh and yeah, I know it's like the melatonin thing, like it shuts off once you start doing something active, so I top out of bed and go run right away afterwards, pretty pumped and ready to to try to make money.
Yeah, I do ap testing and testing freelance
writing gig economy stuff. I was doing it part
time for a long time and then here I started doing it full time. Um
So I was working from home in january and like really trying to hustle and make money and this whole thing started happening then. Um
So yeah, it really didn't affect my life very much and I ended up making kind of slightly more money out of it.
Yeah, it is uh
before I was getting a lot of crap from people about not wanting to have like, you know, a normal type of job and now I don't know, there's a lot of people who unable to
work anymore so.
and most of the people I know we're lucky that way I guess. Uh But I know a lot of people around here are like, you know, I couldn't imagine what they're gonna do, I mean no um and obviously this is the only viable subject we can talk about, but in Miami, the mayor of Miami was using words like apocalyptic and things like that. Yeah, down here it's kind of like there's like a bubble economy, but like
from
block to block, you'll see like, you know, you'll see a gated community with people who are making like 67 figures and then a couple of blocks in another direction, you'll see a lower income community where people aren't making a lot. So when there's a like a natural disaster down here, um there have been times when neighborhoods don't have power or shut down for like weeks and there's nothing that people can do. So there sitting there without resources, without electricity sometimes without running water. Um and they start to they start to go a little crazy, you know? Um It's a lot more realistic proposition when they say apocalyptic, you think of like mad max or something like that town. But yeah, I mean, you know, it's, you know, it's, I don't know how how do you handle that? I mean like, you know, like, like how has it affected your life if you don't mind me asking? I don't know.
Yeah, it's not like that here, no. Um
but I used to live up north end over
couple times and you know, I'm a pretty hardcore yankee fan, but, but I've been up there and you know, uh yeah, it's pretty awesome up there. It's kind of, you know, when you're in florida and you're from the northeast, there's no more like rivalry, it's kind of like a neutral zone where like, you know, everyone can kind of get along and then the petty and differences that we, we would have kind of don't really matter account, but if I was to, you know, walk around with the Yankees hat in some places up there, it might not be a good idea.
yep,
they
know,
yeah, I used to be crazy about football. I stopped watching after the whole column, Kaepernick thing
when they I handled it for that season, but then one they said, you can't deal anymore, that's what I had a problem.
I was like, I didn't need it in my life. I like playing when I was younger. I still watch baseball book. Yeah, I don't I don't really give I'm not watching that stuff. It gives me a weird feeling to watch these guys breaking their heads, you know, to be used like animals like that.
Yeah. Well, it seems like there's a lot of stuff, it's pretty brutal about our society that I guess we've been kind of like dealing with a little bit more. Everyone's kind of sitting at home contemplating all this stuff. So, you know, like, like a lot of people who are
maybe like, you know, in a situation where they're not sure if their jobs really important, you know, where where there it's not a vital job that they're doing. So they're wondering like where is my place in the scheme of things, you know, type type of issues that people are having? You know, and I think that you could look at the, you know, the whole gladiatorial aspect of uh, football, you know,
and
what you've got to to themselves is basically a continuation of bronze age barbarism, you know, like, like certain religion, you know what I mean? It's like basically just old people wanting to be sexist and and ages than, you know, discriminatory, you know, you know, this is like the people who say, you know,
you know, God is punishing you for, for doing that for for letting letting gays parade in the town, your town got hit by a hurricane or something. There's a lot of contemplation happening about values and you know what matters and what doesn't and You know when when you're looking down the barrel
of
like another 12 months of this, you know?
Right. I mean
and
that's
not that's not really reliable.
it is.
Yeah. So you you do a lot of like video calls with people and stuff like that.
Yeah, I've been seeing about admin uh you know, assistant positions like that, you know virtual assistant position
and stuff like
that. And I used to be an administrative system. Um
but I was publishing in my twenties and stuff with uh
they treated
me, you treated me crappy and you know it was uh thankless job I learned from them and then she kind of changed my life, you know? So Yeah.
So I mean but I mean we're both still working, you know? Which is which is pretty good considering just I feel pretty safe politically that you're not like a trump supporter you know? Um Like I used to try to stay out of that whole thing but now it's like it's like past, it's like past absurdity or staying at his thing. Well you president you can't ignore it. It's just like it's starting to feel like when people say that this is a simulation. This one feeling it could be a simulation, you know?
Yeah. Well um coronavirus was in the white house and someone got sick with it and then trump started yelling at his aides singing people protecting me or what you know and he's in a mask
factory without a mask on you know so any tweets like 100 times a day one.
The thing about it is that there's never a video of him tweeting right?
But he's tweeting 100 times a day.
Well I mean yeah
I mean there's an argument that value twitter if he leaves but you know what I'm saying is that like the minute the cameras aren't on him anymore he's just on this phone tweeted. It's just I mean he basically like a teenager like like the instant gratification thing, you know what I mean? Like he's operating in this really simplistic way but he's just gained to the system in this really frightening way
but it's like they can't get a handle on because he knows that he can say something absolutely ridiculous and then they'll say well look into this ridiculous thing you said and then they well they're taking me out of context you know?
It's it's kind of crazy. It's like
how would you say it? Uh huh.
Right but that's that's kind
of what I mean like like superficial values and materialism that kind of drives people
to instant gratification that makes you want to flip a switch and get a pizza or have everything delivered or you know, I remember when when Obama started the A. C. A. And started that website, I mean it was a rush of like 60 million people trying to sign up so the website crashes and
everybody bugs out and they're like well why did this crash and blah blah blah? And they couldn't say well it's really complex to get you know tens of millions of people on a new system above a but they needed an answer so Obama drags this lady out and fires are makes this whole big dude. But the truth was the learning curve there was necessary for that to happen in order to for that to happen. But the media is on this thing where it's just I don't know I mean when your values are all based
on
scandal
and
you know having these charismatic
personalities, you know I mean when when it doesn't matter what your values are but you're just trying to show something that you know will get people's attention. I mean that's how this guy trump got elected. People want to blame Russia and Hillary or the FBI but no one's talking about the fact that the media couldn't stop pointing cameras at this guy. I mean they would not stop doing that. The media are the worst. Every every word I have to to use to describe them are just
Yeah. Yeah. It is I mean it's kind of frightening how and after they become all the time and now it used to be about we live in a democracy so you have to inform people about how the truth about what's true so that they can make good choices and that's why there were standards and practices and said something that wasn't true. You have to do this and that. And now with Fox news is just it's moved the game into this place where anyone can say everything. And now people believe that somehow there's a thing called fake news. Like I understand the term. They're acting like the basics of journalistic integrity have somehow crumbled and no longer are established. Like it's not possible to understand what's true information and what's not. And this is something that I think is really important for people to know that there's journalism and their science and this is basically how that works. And I'm just filling up time here. All right. I got home.
I can
nobody alright. Journalism in science and these communities make
decisions using the methods that they use to prove that an incident happened.
They get pictures, they get video, they get a bunch of information. They have witnesses, they talk to lawyers legally. We can say this and then it's put out there. You can trust that this information is true. The journalists make that decision and then put the information out there. Scientists get together when it's not like a beat company trying to prove
why milk is okay or something. You know, when it's actual science, you know, they're hearing something. They look at what's going on. They make decisions and then they put the information out there. The decisions made. It's done. There is no sense of fake news. It's not like, well, okay, let's make a decision. And here it is. And now let's look at it and decide if we accept it. There is no decide if we accept it
if you don't like it. That's cool. You don't have to like it. But the truth is the truth and scientific fact, the scientific fact and nothing that anyone says their notes will ever be able to change that, you know? And that's that's something that's really comforting that people don't understand because they just not well educated anymore. But like if you take a civics plus the amount of stuff you learn about our country and how it works and how like how nobody knows how long as senators in the no nervous. Yeah, I mean, do you know
in six years.
Right. Exactly. And I mean and it doesn't make you a bad person, it's just the emphasis on civics is no longer there, the emphasis on voting and on the things that people look at these things, all those are all old traditions that we don't have to do. We're in a new modern asian. Those traditions exist for very important reasons. You know for the same reasons that everything exists because you know people will take advantage to take, take your prosperity and you're welcome. How much time? Oh
getting sorry
I wanted to fill up time. You know just yeah
I'm not like a conspiracy appears to me the world is still around. Like I'm not a flat earth there. I'm not like you know some some crazy person. Um
I'm a freelance writer. So research is very interest to me when I was an assistant at admin assistant, I was also an assistant editor for Publishing house. And they had me doing historical research into World War Two and like jewish holocaust survivors and stuff like that. So um I got access to all these, you know official databases that journalists used to look at information. And
I
was
I was taught basic the basics of how to research a story and put information out there, you know? And I'm a head case but you know two plus two equals four is what I'm saying, you know, I don't know. The basics of what we can know is is true is still out there and saying people are still out there and they're still good people. Um And it sounds like, yeah it sounds like it's a different thing like like my neighbors here some of them like uh like they, pardon? They have like gatherings of people and it's like it's like right in my backyard like Jason like like where I like to have dinner and stuff. There's like gatherings of people. So it's a lot more divided, lot more hot button here. We hear a lot more about like the right wing right away about you know?
like like dying for your company or something like getting
It's gross. Is there a timer? Are you timing this over 3:22? Okay. I don't know when you came on.
Okay cool. Because I came on like beforehand or whatever. Just let me know when it's at 20. I don't know what's going to happen.
Thanks. Mhm.
Keep up the coming. Yeah, I know they really I suppose so. They really but were very helpful, right?
They were like no topics and conversations just like am I really just going to have a 25 minute conversation with somebody and yeah.
Well I miss boston now because you know I'm here with all these animals that are you know out here, you know being free I guess their fight for freedom.
That's right. Yeah. I mean
it feels like we'll have herd immunity before we'll find the vaccine from from other.
Your
order.
What's what's interesting about this is that like as someone who's Uber liberal, I believe in I believe in like a safety net for all people like in a welfare state that takes care. I also believe in the libertarian economy with very few rules, but only if it's side by side with welfare's thing. I mean, so, so like I believe that that people shouldn't have to worry about where they live in this world. We have plenty of resources
and that everybody should at least have a basic provided for. We're not going to let you die on the street thing. I don't think that that's asking too much. Like if if you were a part of that, you wouldn't be able to get rich, but we wouldn't have to worry about being homeless. So what we're seeing now is essentially an acid test of that. And that's why that's kind of why I feel by conservatives and the alright people on the right are trying to push for this opening. They don't want to show how well people would react to a system like what happened. They don't want to they don't want to keep giving people money and show that it is keeping things together and that this system can work very well. There's no evidence that Universal Basic income, Universal Medicare, Universal Free College or any of that can work. What we're gathering that evidence now based almost happened. Do you understand? So that's that's a theory. I'm not I'm not a scholar but there's a lot of things that seem like it kind of has to be, it kind of has to be that way you know like like big data and how they collect and try to invade your privacy and you see all these ads you say something and then you see a pop up for it on your screen. Well how did it get like that? But that's the world's most valuable commodity. So it was oil and then before that gold or something
and now it's information. I think it's actually people according to the money people, its data. So in order for the most valuable commodity to continue being a commodity, people have to be on their phones and on their computers.
So if they shut off the electricity and they don't give us money to do all of those mechanization grind to a halt, they can't collect data if you're not on your phone. So I had this wild theory
that that they would basically sacrifice the lower class and that everyone lower middle class and above would be fine. You know when you would have food and electricity because they want to keep fucking data. That's a conspiracy.
Oh yeah jesus. I mean imagine being in prison or a mental institution or something right now or an assisted living facility, I mean not talking to anybody and if you get sick your left and you know it's
There's another conversation is it
is pretty dark. I don't mind it at all. Um
The thing I don't like about our prison systems number one obviously. I mean here's an interesting slavery is legal as long as you're incarcerated
according to the constitution. Mhm.
It is, yes.
Nobody
tricking knows
that,
But that's how corporate prisons operate and how they're able to pay people like $15 an hour and they make like a dollar a week or some ridiculously low pay to do work that people get paid good money to do. Um
no that's you.
I mean
you can google it. There's so much information about how our prison system for um One is that for instance the average time uh what they say in isolation like in the hole, they put people in isolation where they don't see anyone in their own concrete room by themselves.
According
to the Geneva Convention and war crime. It's illegal and considered torture to put people isolated for more than a day by themselves.
So the average time that people are isolated outside of America are one day, 1.1 death. That's it. The average isolation time for prisoners inside America is
and a half years.
Yeah. Dude and these guys are gone afterwards.
Yeah. It's crazy. Crazy, crazy system
we have.
I think that we're probably time
now.
We are
Look up that stuff, you know,
and
you see
what you're doing well and I'm doing well. Um It was nice talking to you.
Take it easy.