Oh, right, bring that over here a little bit more.
Hi.
I'm doing pretty good. How are you?
All right, So what's this? A 25 minute conversation? Okay.
Yes, let's just get to know each other. Um uh
well, my name is Dylan, I guess that's that's probably a good way to start off. Is at least getting into each other's names.
Nice to meet
you.
Where are you from I guess would be the
I'm
in
South Dakota.
Yeah, it's it's
pretty good here. It's uh you know, I I've grown to like the cold weather, so You know, I think today it was yeah, it's 32° right now, so Yeah.
Yeah, I think uh we actually just got some of
our our first
snow of the year earlier today, so. Yeah.
wow, that's uh yeah,
quite a bit different. Yeah.
Are you are you like a student
or full time worker or?
man, that sounds like sounds like a good time. Yeah, I actually I just finished up my undergraduate in in May. Yeah, Thank you,
thank you. Yeah, and I mean with all the covid stuff going on, I I figured now's a good time to go back and get my masters, so yeah, I'm actually a full time student right now too.
Uh Information systems.
Mhm. Yeah, I I did my undergrad and all sorts of cybersecurity, so I figured this would help help me get a little bit more like the business side of things, so and still be able to kind of keep focused on, you know, computers and all that fun stuff.
Oh, nice. Yeah, that's actually actually, my dad was kind of how I got into computers was, you know, he was always working on it, and that's you know, that's been his job ever since I was little, so.
nice. Uh
I'm just I I can't think of a time when I've had just, you know, a casual 25 minute conversation with somebody, so I'm not I'm not really sure.
like I mean, you know, I think the the window right before this was like, oh hey, just like imagine you met somebody at like an event or something, you're just getting to know them, I'm like okay, I don't think I talked to somebody for close to half an hour at an event,
but I'll try.
Yeah.
mean I saw you know how much they were offering for it and I was like, oh that's
that's hard to pass up. Yeah.
Yeah, I think, you know, being a full time student and everything, this is like my way to get at least a little bit of little bit of extra cash on the side.
No, I've been, you know, kind of hopping around every few every few
years,
you know, I'll rent
out of place with some friends and I'm living in an apartment with some
friends right now. So
yeah, I actually, I didn't know many of them too well when I first moved in, I mean, I've taken some classes with one guy, but the other two people that I'm living with, you know, I've, I've met him and you know, we're friendly, but I haven't ever really, you know, I never hung out with him a whole lot, but it's been, it's been good.
I
mean being in South Dakota, I'm not sure how much you keep up on politics
and the news and all that. But our governor has been very much like we we trust that everybody is going to be responsible. So we're not going to, you know, put any we're not gonna put any mandates out to, you know, wear a mask. We we we think that you should, but if you don't, that's okay too. So I mean it's been it's a little bit frustrating, but you know, it's more of I'm I'm going to do everything that I can too keep myself and everybody around me safe. And yeah,
I I guess that's that's the most that I can do right now, is
So what about you? I mean you said you were taking some you were finishing up some classes this week and you're gonna start another class next week, is it
nice.
Yeah, that sounds I mean you always hear people talk about, you
know, like the first few classes. But yeah, I don't think I've ever met anybody who's gone through like a whole psychology program. That must be. So is it is it I'm honestly is it easy to you know like break into the field right after but I know you know some degrees almost require
you to keep going through school like to get a masters. Is that is that something that you think you're going to have to do with Psychology or what's the job market I guess? Kind of like I'm just not familiar with it.
Yeah. Yeah
but I mean if it's something that you enjoy doing I guess it's it's
worth
it to keep keep pushing after it even if you have to keep going back to school
mm. Yeah that's good. Uh
It's like
oh I'm sure that on the flip side I'm kind of introverted so I mean that's part of why I got into computers to it's not really not really like a customer facing thing where I always have to talk, you
know, I'm not always talking to people and I can actually kind of sit by myself and just do my own thing I guess.
Uh I was I was a little nervous. Yeah.
Yeah, I think it was more like if they
were to say like oh it's going to be like a 10 to 15 minute conversation, I'd be like okay, that's that's not too bad. It's really the length that got me. I'm like this is this is a long conversation for me at least.
man,
I was a little nervous, I was almost like, well if they don't show up then I still get paid a little bit. So it's not
Yeah, I mean it's it's not not quite the same as, you know, 20 books for holding a conversation for a while, but
How'd you how'd you get into doing? Yeah, like these surveys, stuff like this?
Oh yeah, I've heard of it.
Nice.
Yeah I've I've tried to set up an account for Mturk
before and it's just it's never gone over well like I I enter all my information there like uh
we can't verify it so try again later. And I'm like I could be a really nice way to make a little bit of extra money but
you know. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. It's
it's I found a few
other
sites. Have you heard of a like pine cone research?
actually that's what I used for a long time and I just got into prolific probably just
a few weeks ago actually.
Yeah, I like, you know You said you'd use pine cone a little bit, you know, they're kind of set like it's going to take you 15-20 minutes and we'll give you three bucks every single time. And it's it's not bad but this
you know it's like oh I have a short five minute break between you know doing
an assignment and watching a lecture or something like that. I can come in and I can do a a study
or two and you know it it might not pay out as much but I think I've earned more already doing prolific than I did in the same time on pine cone because yeah, I can I can pop in when I want, I don't have to dedicate a chunk of time to it. It's been good.
Yeah like as long as you show up and you you make it, I've had a few
times were like, oh there's only five seats open and I click on it as soon as I see it and it's like, oh it's already closed. But yeah, there's never one of those things where I have to answer like questions about my family and work and everything and then they go, oh
sorry
you spent five minutes answering our questions
and we're not going to pay anything are bad.
Yeah, I've had that happened enough times.
Yeah. Yeah, I
guess you're, you're right, that is a good thing about this is you know, if you click on something and you start the survey that's and you finish it, you know, you know, you're gonna get paid one way or another. So
those, those made me a little nervous, like I'll catch them every once in a while like, oh hey, you know, just click this button to make sure you're paying attention. But sometimes it's like, oh hey, remember a picture that we showed you five minutes ago described that in detail. And I'm like, oh my
goodness. Yeah,
that's that's a bit, that's a bit much remember. Right after that
I took
another survey and I like just copy and pasted everything into like a little word documents. I was like, I'm not going to forget anything.
yeah, yeah. And most of them really aren't that bad. Most of them is like, hey, what was like the last question that you answered? Just click this button to make sure that you're paying attention and not just clicking random things. But every every once in a while it pops up when they ask you like something really out there and I'm just like, are you serious? I'll do my
best, but no promises. Yeah,
I'm like, oh my goodness. And sometimes you
know, you get to the end and they're like, what, what do you think they're survey was about before we tell you? And I'm like, I don't, I answered the questions that you want me to. You know, I'll type in what I think it is. And then they go, oh, well here's what it really was. And you were way off base and I'm just like, oh, great. Yeah.
Oh,
man.
Yeah. There's been a few times where I'm like, I'm like, I think that you guys didn't tell me like this part of it, and I was right on and I'm like, nice. And
other times I'm like, is this what you, is this what you guys are doing? And they're like, no, we're
doing,
yeah. You're reading way too much into this.
If you do like some
like completely unrelated different like questions and scenarios and you're just like, I don't, okay. I don't know.
No, I am
the, I'm the oldest of five. Yeah. And it's, it's a pretty big age difference to I am. uh I'm almost 23 And like the next kid in line
is almost 13. Yeah.
Yeah. I guess I was,
my parents joke, I was the I was the test run.
And I did well enough that they decided to have a have a few more, I guess.
Yeah. Yeah. What about you? You own child there?
Uh my uncle actually, um, we grew up, you know, really close to each other and he's, he's about six or seven years older, so he's 29 30 and we always get confused
his brothers. So yeah, that's one of the things that we just kind of, we just kind of roll with and like, oh hey, you guys are brothers, right, we're like well sure. Yeah.
Uh
I mean there are people that like my family, my family's friends with and they've been friends with since before I was born and they even sometimes like, oh you guys are brothers? No, no, no, no, no, not quite,
yeah, at some point, you know, he just gave well well tired of correcting everybody, he was like, I whatever you want to thank you, you know, maybe
maybe you'll remember one day, but
Mhm.
I I liked it. I I was one of those kids were academically, I could always, you know passed by with a zombies without really trying. So yeah, and my my senior year of high school, I
was actually, I was one of the people who loaded up all my classes at the beginning of the day and I left at noon and yeah,
Yeah, it was it was a pretty good time and then I hit college and all of a sudden, you know, I was used to showing up at high school 8:00 and
you know, I took eight AM classes in college and that was
a bad idea.
I don't know, I just, it must have been you know, all of that newfound freedom when you get to college and yeah,
you know, I I find myself staying up till 23 in the morning and then I'd get to my 8:00 class, you know, half the time, maybe 60%
of the time, you know, if I if I made it great, if I didn't make it to class, Oh wow, that that that ended up being a mistake, you know, by the end of that first year it was I realized it at least I know a lot of people don't and they're like, oh it's it's no problem and I'll pass with you know, a C. Or whatever. And I started I started getting season that second semester and I was like, oh that's I I don't want to be, I want to be a little bit better than that.
took a while and I mean I will lie, there is still some, you know, even
look into my last semester of my undergrad and there's still some B's and C's in there, but I think I pulled it together enough.
you.
Yeah, I think I have I have I get a little bit easy. I know undergrad, like it's five classes semesters like a full load and once once you get in the graduate level it's at three classes semesters a full load, some three classes now in three classes in in the spring and I'll finish up with some online class
and then just a class or two in the fall. So yeah, hopefully I'll be able to get a job, like a full time job and uh you know, in the spring heading into the summer and find somebody who will just be able to work with that schedule. Which yeah, that's that's the goal is, you know, find a, find a company that wants to hire me and is also willing to go, hey, you need to, you know, maybe have a couple hours a week to do your classes. Okay.
That's that's the hope, fingers crossed. Yeah,
hopefully it's I mean you as well, I mean going, you said you just have this one more class to get your underground.
that will be, will that be next spring then? Come May?
Yeah. Well I guess best of luck to you as well. Yeah. Yeah. I know with all the covid and stuff that finding new jobs is not easy at all. Even trying to break in and get like internships and stuff. I had I know I had applied and had interviews with five or six companies you know last april and then all of them within about a week were just like oh we're canceling our internship program for the summer and oh you're you're a good applicant but we just can't we're not bringing anybody on right now. And I was like oh that's that's a bomber.
I know they're talking you know hoping to get a vaccine out by they keep saying the end of the year. But I'm you know I think if they can get something out by, you know next next spring, if that's if that's at all possible, I think that will help out a lot. Yeah,
then it's oh, go ahead.
I will. Yeah,
I mean I know people who, you know, they have had adverse reactions to, you know, like the yearly flu vaccine, you know, it ends up it ended up making them sick with the flu. You know, I even though it's not supposed to happen. But um, so I know some people who are like, you know, I'm just I'm going to take the chances and good for everybody else, but I don't know, I've got my flu vaccine every year and you know, the worst thing that comes out of it is a bit of a sore arm for a day or two. But yeah, so I mean I assuming, you know, insurance covers it or you know, it's cheap for most people then. Yeah, I'm going to try and get it.
And I know a lot of, I've heard a lot of people say kind of that, you know, the them trying to rush everything out, trying to make
sure that it's, it is safe for everybody. But I mean, yeah, I don't know. I, I personally, I've never had an adverse reaction to anything, so.
Okay. Yeah, I can definitely see how I hadn't really thought about that. You know, it's always been, I have, I have older family and you know, family with, you know, conditions that would, you know, make it pretty bad if they were to catch it. So. Oh yeah, I guess for me it's been kind of like, hey, if I sure, just like with the flu vaccine, I mean, there's a chance that you'll still get it or you know, there's a chance
that it might,
you know, you might contract the virus from the vaccine even though that's a really small chance, I'm sure.
But I mean for me, like if I had, I think that's worth it to me. You know,
it
said
to help make sure that, you know, I can keep the people around me healthy.
Yeah. Um
Oh man.
We're actually, I didn't realize that we're coming up on
the 25 minutes already.
nice.
Oh yeah, fine by me.
Yeah. I don't, yeah, I like I said I was a little nervous coming into it, but time actually kind of flew
by pretty quick.
Right. I mean,
the first few minutes is a little, well so little awkward. But yeah, once we got into it, I wasn't too bad.
Yeah.
Back, back to school work I think. Mhm.
So yeah I was trying to watch some well I'm not trying I did end up watching some lectures and get a few quizzes done earlier today and he's back on that schoolwork grind.
Do it doing my best.
Yeah I mean my university that we're still doing on campus classes but yeah I I wanted to be a little bit safe so I'm doing all my classes online and you know I'm glad I'm doing that to stay safe but trying to stay focused while trying to watch you know lecture videos and do do quizzes and assignments. It's it can be a bit tough I'll admit that stand focuses. Yeah.
I think I don't think I've heard it you know actually you know the proper name for it but
that definitely stands And I'm sure is it, is it like a set amount? Like they want you to work for 20, you know, 25 minutes or so? Or You know, is it kind of flexible? Like, hey, maybe take a 20 minutes and then a little bit like a three or four minute break, is it? Yeah.
Yeah, I'll definitely, I'll definitely have to check that out. And I feel like I kind of do that already more, more of my kind of the end of my attention span. I kind of zone out for a few minutes and I'm like, oh, hey, I, I have stuff to do. Uh huh.
Already.
All
good
to me. Oh yes, you've done this before. Do we just close the window and that's good or?
Yeah, I'm looking through it too. And it's, you know, it's nothing about once we hit that 25 minutes, it's just hey going to the next part uh I guess I'll just keep going through and
Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Let's get your facts anyway. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. A little bit. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Two Yeah. Yeah. Thank you very much. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Mhm Oh. Uh huh.
Come on. Yeah.
You know?
Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. Mhm.
Mhm, mm. Yeah. Uh huh. Thank you for being here, too. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. Kind of.
Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
To work with what is that? Looking at my own pace? Mhm, mm hmm.
Yeah.
Two. Mhm.
Mhm.
Thank you. Yeah.
That's great.