SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Yeah. No, this is a very Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Hi.
SPEAKER_R: I'm jennifer.
SPEAKER_L: Hi jennifer. I'm charlotte. I'm like, you know, you look so much like my sister. I was like, what's my sister? That's so nice, very nice to meet you. I'm sorry my I got these
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Nice to meet you as
SPEAKER_L: lucci
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: air butts and they keep calling it. I don't know, just useless. Do you have bluetooth? You look like you're cold list? No. Anyway, you just on the computer? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: uh yeah, I'm just using the microphone on the computer. I can use II the bluetooth doesn't work on the computer. So when I have a
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: phone call I can call in using your buds, but not just for like a regular video like
SPEAKER_L: Got
SPEAKER_R: this. But
SPEAKER_L: it. Got it. Yeah. Well happening.
SPEAKER_R: I probably have, I have a have a pump so you might hear some background. No, she's generally quiet, but she's right now like a chilling on the
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: couch.
SPEAKER_L: I see?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if you sort of dare.
SPEAKER_L: there she is a little black puppy.
SPEAKER_R: I know. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: cute.
SPEAKER_R: protected from the outside.
SPEAKER_L: I have Yeah, I have no animals to share with you. I
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I often have these condos we've often just gotten is talking about pets, but you know, we used to have cats and they've gone now and so we just haven't gotten any more. But anyways. Yeah, So how's your monday going?
SPEAKER_R: I love cats and I'm allergic, but Elfi actually likes cat. She's
SPEAKER_L: let's see.
SPEAKER_R: met some of my friends animals and stuff and I can be around them for a little bit. I just can't live with one like full time. But
SPEAKER_L: For
SPEAKER_R: she acts more like a cow actually. So
SPEAKER_L: Yes, yes, our next door neighbors got a new puppy, so we're just like being little surrogate auntie and uncle to the new the new puppies, so it's
SPEAKER_R: that's the best when you Yeah, sometimes it's like, it took me a long time be comfortable enough to get her just time wise and everything. I would say a dog is a lot of work and commitment and everything and first
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: I had an apartment that didn't allow animals and a roommate who was in super fond of animals and stuff. So it took several years to get to that spot. But it's been great having her especially now because I do live alone now and everything and with social distancing and lockdown earlier here and everything, it's been nice to have a companion
SPEAKER_L: definitely,
SPEAKER_R: and all.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. Yeah, I really wish I'd, you know, if I know how long it was going to go on would have been like fostering kittens and you know, all that kind of thing, fostering, but now you're just like, oh God.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know. I definitely did not anticipate how like I was singing back to March and I am a big musical theater fan and so of course I had a lot of those that were canceled. I'm uh
SPEAKER_L: I can see your posters, sorry, I'm not. Yeah. Yeah. Hamilton.
SPEAKER_R: I used to, I used to work for a theater and I still get season tickets and everything. And so I was like, well, since I can't go to the theater and Sundays, like I normally do, I'll like watch a musical movie or like a recorded
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: performance of a show, but in my mind was only like, oh, I'll be back in time for my july shows or my august shows, and I'll like, over the and they just announced that broadway in new york is going to be shut down until at least next june, and I'm like, oh, I'm running out of things to watch at home, like I don't know that I'm gonna be able to like, there's more that I can get it everything. But yeah, it's just like thinking back to like, I started this in March, it was like, we'll be back in the theater by august, I'll be going to the movies, I'll be going to the third now, it's october and it's like no.
SPEAKER_L: mm It's sort of sad isn't to see these things getting canceled so far ahead of time. I yeah, I'm involved with the fundraising charity bicycle event and like in March they already canceled the july one which was fine. And then a month or so ago they said no, we're not even going to run it next next year either like a week long and it traveled all through California is like, we just can't do it and it's like, wow, you know, all these livelihoods, right, And yeah, all the people in the
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: theater,
SPEAKER_R: still have a lot of uh have a lot of friends who are still involved in the arts and worked in the arts and everything, so it's been tough to watch them and I I was working for a hotel company, so my days are spent looking for new jobs as well unfortunately. But ah
SPEAKER_L: How's that, how's that going? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: well it was um you know, we went on furlough in april and then unfortunately found out at end of august that our entire department was being um eliminated just because of the new reality because even more so than like people traveling just like for small vacations, like corporate travel, big weddings conventions, like all that kind of stuff can't happen, like fundraisers that would rent a ballroom, so that's a lot of our big revenue. Um So they just, you know, need for as many bodies. Um It's picking up a little bit in terms of like finding new jobs because I've definitely been getting more interviews and had more things to apply to now than I did even when I was like tentatively looking back in june because I kind of had an idea that the job wouldn't come back or anything um you know, I didn't know spiritual the end of august, but it was, our initial furlough was just supposed to be two months and then it was extended until october and it was like okay, that's probably a good sign that you know, to start looking and so at least I don't feel like I'm lucky that I've always been a saver and a budget er um and everything and try not to extend myself past my means and everything, so I don't want to touch my rainy day fun and I want my savings to be there for things like travel or maybe buying a home someday, but for now at least like I'm mentally okay because it's like I know that I have, you know that money there and it's that I don't have to feel pressure to take something just to take a job. So that's the one right side.
SPEAKER_L: Right. And you know these little chats, I mean, hey, it's been a bit of cash here and there. Right. Doesn't hurt.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. No, that's even, you know, I worked from home before this and stuff. So occasionally, yeah, I had never done something like this on prolific or anything before, but I've done some studies over my lunch breaks or occasionally on a weekend or evening if I saw just to, you know, make a little bit extra money to buy a book a month or like a DVD or
SPEAKER_L: Kitchen
SPEAKER_R: things
SPEAKER_L: coffee
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: something.
SPEAKER_R: So Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. In fact, it's funny, I actually didn't know this one was, was I literally got the email this morning says your chats coming up and like, oh, wow. And
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: because I did
SPEAKER_R: heard
SPEAKER_L: one
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: on saturday and
SPEAKER_R: it turned around really quickly because I tried to do it on saturday and then my person didn't show up so then they rescheduled me. So.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I got I got mine in on saturday because yeah I did a previous round and you can only do four, but I see they've upped it to six so yeah you know I know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: this is my fourth,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: this is my 4th one and I said because they want to do two more. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah yeah, it feels like a bit more normal now, like the first few were like what are we supposed to talk about? Like anything I have, you know, I'm still really curious about what the researchers do. Do they literally analyzed, do they transcribe what we say? Do they run it through computers? Like what, you know what do they get out of this? Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I have no idea I guess. Just seeing like it was were probably the first couple I did maybe in june july whenever it was, you know when the guy that I was talking to, like he worked um not in like a medical home, but like for with sort of like disabled use or developmentally challenged,
SPEAKER_L: Where?
SPEAKER_R: like he was still an essential worker, was still going to work every day and everything. So his experience like so much different then mine where because I wasn't working and I had already worked from home, it's like I was very much just going to the grocery store and coming home or walking my dog straight back in. So like, it's been interesting just to see or talk to people in different parts of the country of like, you know, we're relatively open here. But I I feel like I am still taking the pandemic very seriously, but it's like hard to even look at like my social media feeds where I'm like, oh, people are like, they're like homes are like on both with other people. And it's like guys
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: were still in a pandemic. But
SPEAKER_L: I know, I know it's sort of just yeah I'm in California and um I mean we're sort of open but it's I think a lot of people are just being still being pretty cautious, but like as a friend is like, oh come on over. You know, you can just go in the backyard, I'll just, you know, cook your dinner will be in your backyard. I'm like, yeah, it seems ok. But I know they post like every friday night, they take their family out and they go out to restaurants and they're down there is pretty crowded. It's just like, you know, it's just a bit of extra exposure that. But I think, you know, so now you kind of have to feel like you've got to judge people and say, well, I think you're too risky for me to hang out with.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's my thing is like, I have one friend who have seen a couple of times, but and she's just really pretty okay because she goes shot her grandparents and wants to be wary of them. But I know that she's seen other people who are a lot that's crossed. It's just based on like what I see them post. So it's it's hard and like living a lot like my mom lives on, I'm in Chicago and my mom lives down in florida and stuff. So it's like I haven't seen her since last thanksgiving and I'm not traveling down there, she's not here just because it's too risky, everything. So it's like, I need to see some people, you know, just for sanity, but also, you know how to how it's best to be safe and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think we're just learning a lot about risk management and you know how to take care of ourselves right in this crazy, crazy well yeah. So gosh, so well tell me, tell me what's the best musical, what's your favorite musical? What do you what would you see again
SPEAKER_R: well my
SPEAKER_L: and again?
SPEAKER_R: favorite, he was the coolest uh one by Stephen Sondheim called Sunday in the Park with George. Um It's sort of like a fictional telling of the life of if you've ever seen the painting sunday
SPEAKER_L: There
SPEAKER_R: uh like drunk but
SPEAKER_L: was actually,
SPEAKER_R: by
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: George.
SPEAKER_L: can't believe the crappy tv I watch but they had the new series of weakest link and that was actually the question what musical is inspired by the paintings. So but I haven't
SPEAKER_R: George,
SPEAKER_L: seen
SPEAKER_R: George
SPEAKER_L: I haven't seen that one so Yeah. Okay I'm gonna look it up now.
SPEAKER_R: that's why I really love Sondheim and that's one of my favorite. Um the show that really got me interested in musical theater was is wicked. Um And my dog's name Elfi, which is after alfa ba the character except
SPEAKER_L: How creamy.
SPEAKER_R: uh yeah, so in terms of like most sentimental or anything like that, Wicked is probably there, but in terms of like looking like, what's the best overall musical that you've ever seen or something, I would say sunday? The private George.
SPEAKER_L: wow. Yeah. Okay. I hope I get to see it sometime. Yes I haven't. Well the last show we saw we saw Hamilton in san Francisco and um yeah
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: know I like it was it was good, wasn't kind of life changing. We were kind of like way in the back and I mean the cast was good but like now we've all seen so much of the original cast and it's like you just have to compare them, right? It's gotta be, it's really hard for other cast to even come close. I mean, not even lin Manuel Miranda, I mean, I think he would admit he's not the best thing in the world, right?
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But such a vision and so creative, right? And really drive that whole thing. So yeah, I was working a whole lot meta stuff about the show and how it came to be in all the research and it's it's amazing, right?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: was lucky I got the original cast except for Les Leslie
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: Odom Jr was out when I saw it in new york. Um and then I was still working for the theater when we had the first production outside of new york here in Chicago. Um And that cast was very strong and several other people who started in the yes, eventually went to new york to do the broadway production, everything. I saw it a couple times here, um and they were very strong, but I totally get what you mean. Have you watched it on Disney Plus at all?
SPEAKER_L: I have it, we don't have it and I'm trying to just ask my neighbor can can we kind of like borrow your log in and just watch it? It's
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: only
SPEAKER_L: next best
SPEAKER_R: if For a month that it's only $7 for the month, if you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: like, you
SPEAKER_L: I know,
SPEAKER_R: know, signed
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: up
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: for the
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: month, it
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: can't
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: do it.
SPEAKER_R: cool. And I think for obviously just the amount of detail in the close ups and you you get a lot um you know, they, I think they did a very good job filming, which not every show that I've seen that's been filmed, I can say the same about Yeah, but it's it's
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I mean I've seen some of those live things like they did rent live and all of that and they're like okay but it's like there is nothing like being in the theater,
SPEAKER_R: being in the Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: that whole energy and just seeing these people are literally just doing this and laying it all out night after night and so emotional and yeah and
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: amazing.
SPEAKER_R: are so many shows that when I was working for the theater that I'd go back to see multiple times and everything, and it's like, don't you get tired of it? And I'm like, no, because it's a little different every night. And we'd have several shows here that like the musical kinky boots or on your feet. Or a few other things that they started in Chicago and then opened in new york. So do like kind of pre broadway tryout. So they might take out a song or add a new number or
SPEAKER_L: But uh
SPEAKER_R: different. Exactly change. So you could go to see the same show, you know, three times over the five weeks it was here. But you see a different show slightly like every time. So like, that was always a lot of fun for me to like be able to see how it like actually changed in group and then go see it on broadway, you know, six months later and see like how did, where did they finally land? They like putting together stuff so
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if there was a really crappy tv show about the making of a musical about Marilyn Monroe. Did
SPEAKER_R: mash,
SPEAKER_L: you? Yes and I mean I mean it was like a guilty pleasure. I couldn't not watch it but
SPEAKER_R: I love
SPEAKER_L: I loved
SPEAKER_R: the pilot.
SPEAKER_L: the songs, right? I loved her the
SPEAKER_R: the pilot
SPEAKER_L: blond.
SPEAKER_R: was great. And then it fell apart after the pilot.
SPEAKER_L: big
SPEAKER_R: It was
SPEAKER_L: time.
SPEAKER_R: such a good pilot by season two. It was like you're watching it because it's so bad and it's
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: such a guilty like that.
SPEAKER_L: you know
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: was everybody.
SPEAKER_L: would have guest stars and I mean jeremy, jeremy Jordan, I mean he showed up and I was like, you know you just kind of watch it just it's likely, you know, you just watched him to see the big names that would just show up and just do their thing and uh I know it was almost like a metaphor for a show going wrong because you know the show about the show going wrong also went terribly wrong and
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. You can't say she's going to marry you. She's in Tech. Okay. That became a floating
SPEAKER_L: dear
SPEAKER_R: around the
SPEAKER_L: idea.
SPEAKER_R: office of the Times. I was working Everything. So it was very much something that we were going on and there's actually one I really like that. It started in the spring and had 13 episodes and I'm really it's supposed to come back for season two but there's so much up in the air about how they're filming things these days because of the making everything. But it's called Zoey's extraordinary playlist about a
SPEAKER_L: yes,
SPEAKER_R: woman
SPEAKER_L: I've seen
SPEAKER_R: who
SPEAKER_L: from that, yes, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that she um is getting an MRI during an earthquake and then because of that something goes wrong. And so then she hears all of her like friends and family's thoughts as musical numbers and it's just very clever and the choreography is great and some of the musical choices and absolutely, I'm a big fan of that anytime I can get musical in my tv and stuff, it's like, even if it's not perfect, it's still ambitious storytelling and stuff, like I enjoy trying to watch it.
SPEAKER_L: and yeah, and I think one of the, you know, small little scraps we're getting is that there has been some online streaming and you know because the the the talent, the you know the actors and dancers and whatever, I mean it's horrible for them, right, They can't perform and that's what their life is. And so seeing these little small gigs or seeing them just streaming things or even just playing performance in the past, you know, at least we can get something, you know, it's not like going out and, you know, all getting the same collective experience, but, you know, he's trying.
SPEAKER_R: there's definitely there were a lot of benefits, but you're like early on, there was like a Sondheim birthday concert and Rosie O donnell did a big thing and every week it was like, okay, well I got this much from unemployment. So this is my like charity for like arts charities or my, you know, like any kind of benefit I could like try to help a little bit out, you know within my means and stuff. And like if it was supporting the arts it was great. I got a bunch of shows that you know got canceled that I got refunds for. So I'm like okay I'm gonna take this little money and just you know, give it to you guys anyway because I had already spent like yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I was also also sort of got more into yoga this time, and I sort of reconnected with a teacher that I used to work with back in Sydney and she's now in Singapore, but she's like had a dual switch to streaming classes. And so now
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's
SPEAKER_L: I'm literally
SPEAKER_R: cigarettes but
SPEAKER_L: getting
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: yoga
SPEAKER_R: 200.
SPEAKER_L: classes from saying about, I don't often stream them live because the times I just don't match up, but, you know, she sends a zoom recording and then, you know, I scraped together my money even just to have, like a private one on one class with her. And it was it was just so nice. Right? I mean, you've got to have something that's not food and clothing. I mean, although don't even spend anything about I literally lived in yoga pants for about six months and you know like going out to the doctors and putting on a skirt. It's like, oh what am I where am I where? It's like the
SPEAKER_R: Everyone
SPEAKER_L: anxiety.
SPEAKER_R: throughout like do my jeans, my jeans still fit healthy. Do you want to say hi?
SPEAKER_L: What a sweetheart. Tell me, can you tell me about his story and like where you got him and
SPEAKER_R: She is almost four. I think she's a rescue. So I've
SPEAKER_L: She
SPEAKER_R: had her it was three years in june um I used to volunteer at a shelter that we have here called pause um For especially when I couldn't adopt a dog because of where I lived and who I was living with and we actually went in. I was living with my roommate and her dog's name was pippen. Um So that's how we end up with L. B. For her because we're like, well it
SPEAKER_L: Love
SPEAKER_R: has
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: to be a musical name. Uh, if I had adopted a bill, I'm from Detroit originally, So I wanted my boy dog to be named Tiger for Detroit tigers because I'm also a big baseball fan and I did not have a girl named picked out and we've gone in to see a different dog that night and had already been adopted. Um but we had pippen with us because you have to have like a little meet and greet if you're adopting a dog and you already live with a dog just to make sure that they don't like hate each other right off the bat. Um and so the person staff member working the front desk with salt pepper and it was like, oh well there's a dog named Poppy Pop Star, look at your, hold on, let me close the window of a book.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. As long as not a plumbing emergency or something. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah, all this happens when I'm on a call earlier. Uh I think I oversee our parking lot and I think every building on this block has a different like recycling slash garbage person, so it's like they come all the time. Um So yeah, so anyway, um she was like, well there's a dog named Poppy Petal, that's about the same size as pippen, maybe you could meet her and I was like poppy petal, but we met her and she, we went back and she wasn't even in a room yet, she was in this kind of like holding area because she had just got in there that day. And so she was in a small crate and when she saw it, she was like pawing at it because she said I learned later. She does not like being in a great, she does not like being in confined spaces uh which we worked through and she's totally fine now when she left alone. But we met her and I was like, okay, yeah, she's coming home tonight. And it was like right at closing, didn't even have anybody to do the adoption. But two of the other volunteers were like to the adoption managers. Like she's done like, because I was hoping I was helping people process their paperwork and go through all this stuff and they're like, she knows that folder like backwards and forwards. Like she's done, you know, hundreds of adoptions for other people's like she can just fill out her own paperwork and so I filled out my own paperwork, it was a Tuesday night and I had a dog,
SPEAKER_L: That's amazing. So where do you think she had come from? You know what had?
SPEAKER_R: she was found by Chicago, animal care control and they just pulled her from the shelter. She had no chip or anything. Um They had a they spayed her and everything, but she seemed like she might have been in a home because she like she definitely we still had to go through our training and everything, but like At 4:30 AM the next day like she woke me up because she had to go outside and we went outside and she did her business, so she kind of had the idea like we still had to get on the same page and you know, lots of training, we did training at Petco and everything. Um But yeah, it was it's been a lot of hard work and I never had a dog before, like I had aunts and uncles who had dogs and I always liked them, but my mom just didn't have time on top of taking care of me and like my grandmother and stuff when I was growing up and I always, you know, wanted a pet and it just didn't work out, so it was definitely a big change, but it's been, you know, as I that's totally worth it and everything. So
SPEAKER_L: Excellent,
SPEAKER_R: when you say,
SPEAKER_L: Excellent.
SPEAKER_R: wouldn't you say so scruffy girl? Yeah. Are you a scrappy girl? Yep.
SPEAKER_L: She looks very, very sweet. So, you're lucky to have a
SPEAKER_R: I am, yes, he's generally pretty good. She sometimes there's a little wary of men, but she's getting better about that. There's actually a few guys in my neighborhood that she really likes
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: um normally that they have other dogs, so she sees people of other dogs and she's like you must be okay. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and just
SPEAKER_L: No I i it's you know it's been more our neighbors with their puppy right? They couldn't get him in to get shots right because all the vets were so overloaded with you know and they have limited capacity and for whatever reason so you know they were concerned about him getting socialist probably because you know anyone take him out too much and meet other dogs obviously until he's had all the full cost of shots. But they had to sort of work around I think like Petco and some of the other places are doing just kind of walk in clinics now right to just get that, get that under way. So
SPEAKER_R: that's a friend actually recommended my, my vet to a friend and she called and they weren't taking new people to March and I was like, uh they've been reduced for so long and she had to get her shots and stuff over the summer. Um and they took her inside, I stand on the sidewalk outside and then have the phone call, you have the appointment via phone call.
SPEAKER_L: ahead.
SPEAKER_R: So that was inch. But
SPEAKER_L: Isn't it amazing. Yeah. Yeah. And then then of course on the on the flip side of things, I've had some friends who had to say goodbye to their pets
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: and you imagine doing that on a drive by. I mean it's just heartbreaking but it has been very interesting, you know, just from an academic point of view like how different industries have adapted
SPEAKER_R: That's,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: there's adapt.
SPEAKER_L: about like yeah, I mean getting back to what you're saying about your job at the hotel. So I work for a tech company and usually at this time of year we're getting ready for our big customer conference, which is in Vegas and now it's all online and so instead of preparing live presentations and you know, going there and giving it and you know, talking about hundreds of people and all this kind of stuff, we just had to pre record and I literally stood, you know like at this desk same thing and just recorded me giving a presentation doing a demo and then, you know, in end of october someone will get to click on Youtube and watch me and it's like it's not as good. Right? I mean it's you've seen those
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: big
SPEAKER_R: did
SPEAKER_L: events you know there.
SPEAKER_R: in some ways, I think it's nice that we're figuring out these tech solutions just because it can make some things more accessible to people who might
SPEAKER_L: definitely,
SPEAKER_R: not normally be able to travel even if it's just
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: like money or time wise or maybe
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: if you think about it who are
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: disabled
SPEAKER_L: family
SPEAKER_R: in some
SPEAKER_L: commitments.
SPEAKER_R: ways and stuff. So that's nice. But you do lose that. Like, you know, as we were talking about even at the theater that in person connection is a loss. But it's like last week my high school, um, it was homecoming week and obviously they're not my there back in michigan, they're actually having students on campus. So they did give them like, uh, the teachers have to teach both to in person and virtual for anybody who chose to stay home for medical reasons or anything like that. Um, so for some events, a friend of mine who is a maybe two years older than I was as the alumni manager for the high school. So she had a couple lectures were a couple of teachers, like my favorite, one of my favorite history teachers gave a lecture in the civil war over zoom. So like I have done that and because my mom now lives in michigan are now lives in florida, there's really no reason for me to go back to michigan. So I probably would never have gone just to go to homecoming, but it was nice to hop on there, see her Corwin. So
SPEAKER_L: You know that actually reminds me the last the chat I had with a guy um on saturday, he's from New Mexico and it was interesting guy. I mean he basically said you know this lifestyle suits him. He sounded I mean you know it was perfectly good conversationalist and all of that interesting person. But I got I got the impression that he is basically a shot in his because his girlfriend or his wife goes out and she's a, well she was a teacher but he said you know I was basically just working at home anyway. Nothing much has changed. And then we got
SPEAKER_R: look
SPEAKER_L: talking about school because the how's it going for his wife and he just said you know what, I would have loved this went up because I didn't have a good time at high school and he didn't say very much but I obviously got the impression that he was probably bullied or this kind of thing and you just think this is in some ways this is positive. I mean there's there's pluses and minus right there's kids who don't have a good social time and now that's just taken away from them but there's probably some kids who are feeling a lot safer now not having to go on the school bus, you know sit in the lunchroom, all of that, all that stuff. So yeah I don't know. It's it's just gonna be very interesting because it's now long enough period of time that I think people are going to study like psychological effects and you know, I mean for many people it's very bad but you can almost see that there are some some ways that it's actually not that bad for some people. Like it's an improvement of Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think for like, even for me, like I've got a couple of book clubs and we just went via zoom and I look like a lot of, I loved to read and I love to watch different tv shows and movies and stuff so it's like that I can all do at home. That's not that much different. I just missed the interruptions of like going to a baseball game or going to the theater and stuff like those like during the week, like staying home and being, you know, a little bit more of an introvert, a bit more, you know, just in my pajamas, nine o'clock, you're watching a show and then like going to bed because you get to break it up. So it's really the monotony of stuff of just kind of having one place that your existing and, or even like I was getting really into going to the gym early in the year, especially after I start work home full time, cause I'm like, oh I don't have to deal with an hour commute each way anymore so I can be a little more healthy. And it's good to, like, I even have a friend who she, you know, have been home for a long time and now she's being a nanny for some kids who are homeschooling, um zoom schooling, whatever we're calling it now. Um and her dog has got a little bit of separation anxiety where he's been scratching the door and just clearly like got used to having her home all the time, thankfully for her if I run to the grocery store or doctor's appointment or something, she's been pretty good on her own, but it's like even that kind of stuff where you have to like think about, you know, how is it affecting your life and your social, you know, your social social habits and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: for sure. I think you know that that what would you say something, it's sort of more predictable, right? We don't get that spontaneity of just going down to the baseball game and just having a chat with the person next to you or you know just running into people that you know, everything is like planned out and Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, even a friend who's been back um he actually worked on a touring musical um So he just came back to stay here after saying he was with his family in Wisconsin for a couple months and decided, you know, he's a 28 year old guy and he doesn't need to live at home anymore, so since he has, you know, several months off, he's subletting a place here and I've run into him once, but it was like, oh we can't hug, we were both going somewhere else. So like it was just like high and we still want to get together. Maybe like a man, I've done some mass walks with friends and stuff, but it goes back to that socialization of like if Ryan was just living here, we would have had dinner a couple of times, we might have to go together and now, you know, it's like, well he lives 10 minutes away but we
SPEAKER_L: It's nuts.
SPEAKER_R: don't have, they're getting together. It just doesn't seem like a good idea and in so many
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: respects. So
SPEAKER_L: I haven't taken anybody's hand since anybody. I have um I got one hug because the little kid down the street, he just barreled up to me and gave me a hug and it was so sweet, and then I thought, oh, should you be doing this because he was a few months and I was like, he's fine, but it was just so, so sweet that he did that. And yeah, I mean that's just like literally apart from the people in the house, it's crazy. You just wonder will we ever actually go back to that at all? I mean, you don't mind because I had I mean, I think we're probably at a time, but um I had this dentist and he was just this kind of icky old man. And I remember like late last year it was cold, I went to the dentist and um he shook my hand and then I just said, oh sorry, my hands cold because I had a cold, and you just kind of like grab both my hands and put them in between his and started warming them, and I just like froze and I just kind of pull my hands and what it was like, don't do that, I'm thinking now no one will do that again, no one will grab your, it's like
SPEAKER_R: I feel like I'm hoping we'll get, we'll get some aspects of where we were before, but as I think there are some good things that we've added just in terms so help. Like I was always
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: like with the dog, I was always generally pretty good about like washing my hands fairly often, but it's the first thing I think about now when I come inside, especially even
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely,
SPEAKER_R: I've just been growing things like that, so I
SPEAKER_L: wash
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: hands.
SPEAKER_R: would be a good thing. Yeah, I don't, I have not broken the, touching my facing as much as I tried, I definitely do that.
SPEAKER_L: I gotta
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: say my my nails growing because I sort of almost stopped biting my nails, you know, it's like you don't put your fingers in your mouth, so I'm like, at least I'm gonna bet instead of fingernails out of this. Uh
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so I think there are based on hopefully healthy habits and just even things like in public places that you didn't think of it, like probably good to have a little bit of like separation from you and cashiers or you and you know
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: other people um in some sense
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, it's
SPEAKER_R: used
SPEAKER_L: like get out
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: be
SPEAKER_L: my space,
SPEAKER_R: dollar each other for so long. So much of our habits were like how do we get the most of our people in the smallest space to make the most stop it? And that's probably not the best way to guide society, so.
SPEAKER_L: correct, correct. Hey, well it was
SPEAKER_R: I think we're in
SPEAKER_L: meeting with
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: you. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: I think I got my time over, so yeah, have a great day and I hope you get out with your little puppy or something and okay,
SPEAKER_R: sure. Yeah. Thanks for joining everything.
SPEAKER_L: to see jennifer, bye bye.
SPEAKER_R: Have a great monday.