Okay. Yeah. Yeah. No, this is a very Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Hi.
Hi jennifer. I'm charlotte. I'm like, you know, you look so much like my sister. I was like, what's my sister? That's so nice, very nice to meet you. I'm sorry my I got these
lucci
air butts and they keep calling it. I don't know, just useless. Do you have bluetooth? You look like you're cold list? No. Anyway, you just on the computer? Yeah.
huh.
Got
it. Got it. Yeah. Well happening.
can
I see?
there she is a little black puppy.
cute.
I have Yeah, I have no animals to share with you. I
I often have these condos we've often just gotten is talking about pets, but you know, we used to have cats and they've gone now and so we just haven't gotten any more. But anyways. Yeah, So how's your monday going?
let's see.
For
Yes, yes, our next door neighbors got a new puppy, so we're just like being little surrogate auntie and uncle to the new the new puppies, so it's
for
definitely,
definitely. Yeah, I really wish I'd, you know, if I know how long it was going to go on would have been like fostering kittens and you know, all that kind of thing, fostering, but now you're just like, oh God.
I can see your posters, sorry, I'm not. Yeah. Yeah. Hamilton.
No.
mm It's sort of sad isn't to see these things getting canceled so far ahead of time. I yeah, I'm involved with the fundraising charity bicycle event and like in March they already canceled the july one which was fine. And then a month or so ago they said no, we're not even going to run it next next year either like a week long and it traveled all through California is like, we just can't do it and it's like, wow, you know, all these livelihoods, right, And yeah, all the people in the
theater,
How's that, how's that going? Okay.
Right. And you know these little chats, I mean, hey, it's been a bit of cash here and there. Right. Doesn't hurt.
Kitchen
coffee
or
something.
Yeah. In fact, it's funny, I actually didn't know this one was, was I literally got the email this morning says your chats coming up and like, oh, wow. And
because I did
one
on saturday and
yeah I got I got mine in on saturday because yeah I did a previous round and you can only do four, but I see they've upped it to six so yeah you know I know
I
I
yeah yeah, it feels like a bit more normal now, like the first few were like what are we supposed to talk about? Like anything I have, you know, I'm still really curious about what the researchers do. Do they literally analyzed, do they transcribe what we say? Do they run it through computers? Like what, you know what do they get out of this? Right.
Where?
and
I know, I know it's sort of just yeah I'm in California and um I mean we're sort of open but it's I think a lot of people are just being still being pretty cautious, but like as a friend is like, oh come on over. You know, you can just go in the backyard, I'll just, you know, cook your dinner will be in your backyard. I'm like, yeah, it seems ok. But I know they post like every friday night, they take their family out and they go out to restaurants and they're down there is pretty crowded. It's just like, you know, it's just a bit of extra exposure that. But I think, you know, so now you kind of have to feel like you've got to judge people and say, well, I think you're too risky for me to hang out with.
Yeah. I think we're just learning a lot about risk management and you know how to take care of ourselves right in this crazy, crazy well yeah. So gosh, so well tell me, tell me what's the best musical, what's your favorite musical? What do you what would you see again
and again?
There
was actually,
I
can't believe the crappy tv I watch but they had the new series of weakest link and that was actually the question what musical is inspired by the paintings. So but I haven't
seen
I haven't seen that one so Yeah. Okay I'm gonna look it up now.
How creamy.
wow. Yeah. Okay. I hope I get to see it sometime. Yes I haven't. Well the last show we saw we saw Hamilton in san Francisco and um yeah
you
know I like it was it was good, wasn't kind of life changing. We were kind of like way in the back and I mean the cast was good but like now we've all seen so much of the original cast and it's like you just have to compare them, right? It's gotta be, it's really hard for other cast to even come close. I mean, not even lin Manuel Miranda, I mean, I think he would admit he's not the best thing in the world, right?
But such a vision and so creative, right? And really drive that whole thing. So yeah, I was working a whole lot meta stuff about the show and how it came to be in all the research and it's it's amazing, right?
Yeah.
you
I have it, we don't have it and I'm trying to just ask my neighbor can can we kind of like borrow your log in and just watch it? It's
the
next best
I
know,
I know,
I
know,
I
know,
I
can't
do it.
Yeah. Yeah I mean I've seen some of those live things like they did rent live and all of that and they're like okay but it's like there is nothing like being in the theater,
that whole energy and just seeing these people are literally just doing this and laying it all out night after night and so emotional and yeah and
it's pretty
amazing.
But uh
I don't know if there was a really crappy tv show about the making of a musical about Marilyn Monroe. Did
you? Yes and I mean I mean it was like a guilty pleasure. I couldn't not watch it but
I loved
the songs, right? I loved her the
blond.
big
time.
But
you know
they
would have guest stars and I mean jeremy, jeremy Jordan, I mean he showed up and I was like, you know you just kind of watch it just it's likely, you know, you just watched him to see the big names that would just show up and just do their thing and uh I know it was almost like a metaphor for a show going wrong because you know the show about the show going wrong also went terribly wrong and
dear
idea.
yes,
I've seen
from that, yes, yeah,
and yeah, and I think one of the, you know, small little scraps we're getting is that there has been some online streaming and you know because the the the talent, the you know the actors and dancers and whatever, I mean it's horrible for them, right, They can't perform and that's what their life is. And so seeing these little small gigs or seeing them just streaming things or even just playing performance in the past, you know, at least we can get something, you know, it's not like going out and, you know, all getting the same collective experience, but, you know, he's trying.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I was also also sort of got more into yoga this time, and I sort of reconnected with a teacher that I used to work with back in Sydney and she's now in Singapore, but she's like had a dual switch to streaming classes. And so now
I'm literally
getting
yoga
classes from saying about, I don't often stream them live because the times I just don't match up, but, you know, she sends a zoom recording and then, you know, I scraped together my money even just to have, like a private one on one class with her. And it was it was just so nice. Right? I mean, you've got to have something that's not food and clothing. I mean, although don't even spend anything about I literally lived in yoga pants for about six months and you know like going out to the doctors and putting on a skirt. It's like, oh what am I where am I where? It's like the
anxiety.
What a sweetheart. Tell me, can you tell me about his story and like where you got him and
She
Love
it.
Okay. As long as not a plumbing emergency or something. Okay.
That's amazing. So where do you think she had come from? You know what had?
Excellent,
Excellent.
She looks very, very sweet. So, you're lucky to have a
well,
Yeah.
No I i it's you know it's been more our neighbors with their puppy right? They couldn't get him in to get shots right because all the vets were so overloaded with you know and they have limited capacity and for whatever reason so you know they were concerned about him getting socialist probably because you know anyone take him out too much and meet other dogs obviously until he's had all the full cost of shots. But they had to sort of work around I think like Petco and some of the other places are doing just kind of walk in clinics now right to just get that, get that under way. So
ahead.
Isn't it amazing. Yeah. Yeah. And then then of course on the on the flip side of things, I've had some friends who had to say goodbye to their pets
and you imagine doing that on a drive by. I mean it's just heartbreaking but it has been very interesting, you know, just from an academic point of view like how different industries have adapted
and
about like yeah, I mean getting back to what you're saying about your job at the hotel. So I work for a tech company and usually at this time of year we're getting ready for our big customer conference, which is in Vegas and now it's all online and so instead of preparing live presentations and you know, going there and giving it and you know, talking about hundreds of people and all this kind of stuff, we just had to pre record and I literally stood, you know like at this desk same thing and just recorded me giving a presentation doing a demo and then, you know, in end of october someone will get to click on Youtube and watch me and it's like it's not as good. Right? I mean it's you've seen those
big
events you know there.
definitely,
definitely.
No.
just
family
commitments.
You know that actually reminds me the last the chat I had with a guy um on saturday, he's from New Mexico and it was interesting guy. I mean he basically said you know this lifestyle suits him. He sounded I mean you know it was perfectly good conversationalist and all of that interesting person. But I got I got the impression that he is basically a shot in his because his girlfriend or his wife goes out and she's a, well she was a teacher but he said you know I was basically just working at home anyway. Nothing much has changed. And then we got
talking about school because the how's it going for his wife and he just said you know what, I would have loved this went up because I didn't have a good time at high school and he didn't say very much but I obviously got the impression that he was probably bullied or this kind of thing and you just think this is in some ways this is positive. I mean there's there's pluses and minus right there's kids who don't have a good social time and now that's just taken away from them but there's probably some kids who are feeling a lot safer now not having to go on the school bus, you know sit in the lunchroom, all of that, all that stuff. So yeah I don't know. It's it's just gonna be very interesting because it's now long enough period of time that I think people are going to study like psychological effects and you know, I mean for many people it's very bad but you can almost see that there are some some ways that it's actually not that bad for some people. Like it's an improvement of Yeah.
for sure. I think you know that that what would you say something, it's sort of more predictable, right? We don't get that spontaneity of just going down to the baseball game and just having a chat with the person next to you or you know just running into people that you know, everything is like planned out and Yeah.
It's nuts.
No,
I haven't taken anybody's hand since anybody. I have um I got one hug because the little kid down the street, he just barreled up to me and gave me a hug and it was so sweet, and then I thought, oh, should you be doing this because he was a few months and I was like, he's fine, but it was just so, so sweet that he did that. And yeah, I mean that's just like literally apart from the people in the house, it's crazy. You just wonder will we ever actually go back to that at all? I mean, you don't mind because I had I mean, I think we're probably at a time, but um I had this dentist and he was just this kind of icky old man. And I remember like late last year it was cold, I went to the dentist and um he shook my hand and then I just said, oh sorry, my hands cold because I had a cold, and you just kind of like grab both my hands and put them in between his and started warming them, and I just like froze and I just kind of pull my hands and what it was like, don't do that, I'm thinking now no one will do that again, no one will grab your, it's like
I'm
Absolutely,
wash
your
hands.
I gotta
say my my nails growing because I sort of almost stopped biting my nails, you know, it's like you don't put your fingers in your mouth, so I'm like, at least I'm gonna bet instead of fingernails out of this. Uh
no.
yeah, yeah, it's
like get out
of
my space,
correct, correct. Hey, well it was
meeting with
you. Yeah,
I think I got my time over, so yeah, have a great day and I hope you get out with your little puppy or something and okay,
to see jennifer, bye bye.