I'm jennifer.
Yes. Nice to meet you as
well.
uh yeah, I'm just using the microphone on the computer. I can use II the bluetooth doesn't work on the computer. So when I have a
phone call I can call in using your buds, but not just for like a regular video like
this. But
I probably have, I have a have a pump so you might hear some background. No, she's generally quiet, but she's right now like a chilling on the
couch.
I don't know if you sort of dare.
I know. Yeah,
protected from the outside.
No.
I love cats and I'm allergic, but Elfi actually likes cat. She's
met some of my friends animals and stuff and I can be around them for a little bit. I just can't live with one like full time. But
she acts more like a cow actually. So
that's the best when you Yeah, sometimes it's like, it took me a long time be comfortable enough to get her just time wise and everything. I would say a dog is a lot of work and commitment and everything and first
I had an apartment that didn't allow animals and a roommate who was in super fond of animals and stuff. So it took several years to get to that spot. But it's been great having her especially now because I do live alone now and everything and with social distancing and lockdown earlier here and everything, it's been nice to have a companion
and all.
Yeah. I know. I definitely did not anticipate how like I was singing back to March and I am a big musical theater fan and so of course I had a lot of those that were canceled. I'm uh
I used to, I used to work for a theater and I still get season tickets and everything. And so I was like, well, since I can't go to the theater and Sundays, like I normally do, I'll like watch a musical movie or like a recorded
performance of a show, but in my mind was only like, oh, I'll be back in time for my july shows or my august shows, and I'll like, over the and they just announced that broadway in new york is going to be shut down until at least next june, and I'm like, oh, I'm running out of things to watch at home, like I don't know that I'm gonna be able to like, there's more that I can get it everything. But yeah, it's just like thinking back to like, I started this in March, it was like, we'll be back in the theater by august, I'll be going to the movies, I'll be going to the third now, it's october and it's like no.
I
still have a lot of uh have a lot of friends who are still involved in the arts and worked in the arts and everything, so it's been tough to watch them and I I was working for a hotel company, so my days are spent looking for new jobs as well unfortunately. But ah
well it was um you know, we went on furlough in april and then unfortunately found out at end of august that our entire department was being um eliminated just because of the new reality because even more so than like people traveling just like for small vacations, like corporate travel, big weddings conventions, like all that kind of stuff can't happen, like fundraisers that would rent a ballroom, so that's a lot of our big revenue. Um So they just, you know, need for as many bodies. Um It's picking up a little bit in terms of like finding new jobs because I've definitely been getting more interviews and had more things to apply to now than I did even when I was like tentatively looking back in june because I kind of had an idea that the job wouldn't come back or anything um you know, I didn't know spiritual the end of august, but it was, our initial furlough was just supposed to be two months and then it was extended until october and it was like okay, that's probably a good sign that you know, to start looking and so at least I don't feel like I'm lucky that I've always been a saver and a budget er um and everything and try not to extend myself past my means and everything, so I don't want to touch my rainy day fun and I want my savings to be there for things like travel or maybe buying a home someday, but for now at least like I'm mentally okay because it's like I know that I have, you know that money there and it's that I don't have to feel pressure to take something just to take a job. So that's the one right side.
exactly. No, that's even, you know, I worked from home before this and stuff. So occasionally, yeah, I had never done something like this on prolific or anything before, but I've done some studies over my lunch breaks or occasionally on a weekend or evening if I saw just to, you know, make a little bit extra money to buy a book a month or like a DVD or
things
like
that.
So Yeah,
I
heard
that.
it turned around really quickly because I tried to do it on saturday and then my person didn't show up so then they rescheduled me. So.
Yeah, I think
this is my fourth,
this is my 4th one and I said because they want to do two more. Yeah.
Yeah. I have no idea I guess. Just seeing like it was were probably the first couple I did maybe in june july whenever it was, you know when the guy that I was talking to, like he worked um not in like a medical home, but like for with sort of like disabled use or developmentally challenged,
like he was still an essential worker, was still going to work every day and everything. So his experience like so much different then mine where because I wasn't working and I had already worked from home, it's like I was very much just going to the grocery store and coming home or walking my dog straight back in. So like, it's been interesting just to see or talk to people in different parts of the country of like, you know, we're relatively open here. But I I feel like I am still taking the pandemic very seriously, but it's like hard to even look at like my social media feeds where I'm like, oh, people are like, they're like homes are like on both with other people. And it's like guys
were still in a pandemic. But
Yeah, that's my thing is like, I have one friend who have seen a couple of times, but and she's just really pretty okay because she goes shot her grandparents and wants to be wary of them. But I know that she's seen other people who are a lot that's crossed. It's just based on like what I see them post. So it's it's hard and like living a lot like my mom lives on, I'm in Chicago and my mom lives down in florida and stuff. So it's like I haven't seen her since last thanksgiving and I'm not traveling down there, she's not here just because it's too risky, everything. So it's like, I need to see some people, you know, just for sanity, but also, you know how to how it's best to be safe and
well my
favorite, he was the coolest uh one by Stephen Sondheim called Sunday in the Park with George. Um It's sort of like a fictional telling of the life of if you've ever seen the painting sunday
uh like drunk but
by
George.
George,
George
that's why I really love Sondheim and that's one of my favorite. Um the show that really got me interested in musical theater was is wicked. Um And my dog's name Elfi, which is after alfa ba the character except
uh yeah, so in terms of like most sentimental or anything like that, Wicked is probably there, but in terms of like looking like, what's the best overall musical that you've ever seen or something, I would say sunday? The private George.
yeah,
it's
yeah.
yeah, I
was lucky I got the original cast except for Les Leslie
Odom Jr was out when I saw it in new york. Um and then I was still working for the theater when we had the first production outside of new york here in Chicago. Um And that cast was very strong and several other people who started in the yes, eventually went to new york to do the broadway production, everything. I saw it a couple times here, um and they were very strong, but I totally get what you mean. Have you watched it on Disney Plus at all?
It's
only
if For a month that it's only $7 for the month, if you
just
like, you
know, signed
up
for the
one
month, it
was
very
cool. And I think for obviously just the amount of detail in the close ups and you you get a lot um you know, they, I think they did a very good job filming, which not every show that I've seen that's been filmed, I can say the same about Yeah, but it's it's
being in the Yeah,
that's
there
are so many shows that when I was working for the theater that I'd go back to see multiple times and everything, and it's like, don't you get tired of it? And I'm like, no, because it's a little different every night. And we'd have several shows here that like the musical kinky boots or on your feet. Or a few other things that they started in Chicago and then opened in new york. So do like kind of pre broadway tryout. So they might take out a song or add a new number or
different. Exactly change. So you could go to see the same show, you know, three times over the five weeks it was here. But you see a different show slightly like every time. So like, that was always a lot of fun for me to like be able to see how it like actually changed in group and then go see it on broadway, you know, six months later and see like how did, where did they finally land? They like putting together stuff so
mash,
I love
the pilot.
the pilot
was great. And then it fell apart after the pilot.
It was
such a good pilot by season two. It was like you're watching it because it's so bad and it's
such a guilty like that.
That
was everybody.
Thank you. You can't say she's going to marry you. She's in Tech. Okay. That became a floating
around the
office of the Times. I was working Everything. So it was very much something that we were going on and there's actually one I really like that. It started in the spring and had 13 episodes and I'm really it's supposed to come back for season two but there's so much up in the air about how they're filming things these days because of the making everything. But it's called Zoey's extraordinary playlist about a
woman
who
that she um is getting an MRI during an earthquake and then because of that something goes wrong. And so then she hears all of her like friends and family's thoughts as musical numbers and it's just very clever and the choreography is great and some of the musical choices and absolutely, I'm a big fan of that anytime I can get musical in my tv and stuff, it's like, even if it's not perfect, it's still ambitious storytelling and stuff, like I enjoy trying to watch it.
there's definitely there were a lot of benefits, but you're like early on, there was like a Sondheim birthday concert and Rosie O donnell did a big thing and every week it was like, okay, well I got this much from unemployment. So this is my like charity for like arts charities or my, you know, like any kind of benefit I could like try to help a little bit out, you know within my means and stuff. And like if it was supporting the arts it was great. I got a bunch of shows that you know got canceled that I got refunds for. So I'm like okay I'm gonna take this little money and just you know, give it to you guys anyway because I had already spent like yeah,
Oh that's
cigarettes but
like
200.
Everyone
throughout like do my jeans, my jeans still fit healthy. Do you want to say hi?
She is almost four. I think she's a rescue. So I've
had her it was three years in june um I used to volunteer at a shelter that we have here called pause um For especially when I couldn't adopt a dog because of where I lived and who I was living with and we actually went in. I was living with my roommate and her dog's name was pippen. Um So that's how we end up with L. B. For her because we're like, well it
has
to be a musical name. Uh, if I had adopted a bill, I'm from Detroit originally, So I wanted my boy dog to be named Tiger for Detroit tigers because I'm also a big baseball fan and I did not have a girl named picked out and we've gone in to see a different dog that night and had already been adopted. Um but we had pippen with us because you have to have like a little meet and greet if you're adopting a dog and you already live with a dog just to make sure that they don't like hate each other right off the bat. Um and so the person staff member working the front desk with salt pepper and it was like, oh well there's a dog named Poppy Pop Star, look at your, hold on, let me close the window of a book.
Uh huh. Yeah, all this happens when I'm on a call earlier. Uh I think I oversee our parking lot and I think every building on this block has a different like recycling slash garbage person, so it's like they come all the time. Um So yeah, so anyway, um she was like, well there's a dog named Poppy Petal, that's about the same size as pippen, maybe you could meet her and I was like poppy petal, but we met her and she, we went back and she wasn't even in a room yet, she was in this kind of like holding area because she had just got in there that day. And so she was in a small crate and when she saw it, she was like pawing at it because she said I learned later. She does not like being in a great, she does not like being in confined spaces uh which we worked through and she's totally fine now when she left alone. But we met her and I was like, okay, yeah, she's coming home tonight. And it was like right at closing, didn't even have anybody to do the adoption. But two of the other volunteers were like to the adoption managers. Like she's done like, because I was hoping I was helping people process their paperwork and go through all this stuff and they're like, she knows that folder like backwards and forwards. Like she's done, you know, hundreds of adoptions for other people's like she can just fill out her own paperwork and so I filled out my own paperwork, it was a Tuesday night and I had a dog,
she was found by Chicago, animal care control and they just pulled her from the shelter. She had no chip or anything. Um They had a they spayed her and everything, but she seemed like she might have been in a home because she like she definitely we still had to go through our training and everything, but like At 4:30 AM the next day like she woke me up because she had to go outside and we went outside and she did her business, so she kind of had the idea like we still had to get on the same page and you know, lots of training, we did training at Petco and everything. Um But yeah, it was it's been a lot of hard work and I never had a dog before, like I had aunts and uncles who had dogs and I always liked them, but my mom just didn't have time on top of taking care of me and like my grandmother and stuff when I was growing up and I always, you know, wanted a pet and it just didn't work out, so it was definitely a big change, but it's been, you know, as I that's totally worth it and everything. So
when you say,
wouldn't you say so scruffy girl? Yeah. Are you a scrappy girl? Yep.
I am, yes, he's generally pretty good. She sometimes there's a little wary of men, but she's getting better about that. There's actually a few guys in my neighborhood that she really likes
um normally that they have other dogs, so she sees people of other dogs and she's like you must be okay. Um
and just
that's a friend actually recommended my, my vet to a friend and she called and they weren't taking new people to March and I was like, uh they've been reduced for so long and she had to get her shots and stuff over the summer. Um and they took her inside, I stand on the sidewalk outside and then have the phone call, you have the appointment via phone call.
So that was inch. But
no.
That's,
there's adapt.
I
did
in some ways, I think it's nice that we're figuring out these tech solutions just because it can make some things more accessible to people who might
not normally be able to travel even if it's just
like money or time wise or maybe
if you think about it who are
disabled
in some
ways and stuff. So that's nice. But you do lose that. Like, you know, as we were talking about even at the theater that in person connection is a loss. But it's like last week my high school, um, it was homecoming week and obviously they're not my there back in michigan, they're actually having students on campus. So they did give them like, uh, the teachers have to teach both to in person and virtual for anybody who chose to stay home for medical reasons or anything like that. Um, so for some events, a friend of mine who is a maybe two years older than I was as the alumni manager for the high school. So she had a couple lectures were a couple of teachers, like my favorite, one of my favorite history teachers gave a lecture in the civil war over zoom. So like I have done that and because my mom now lives in michigan are now lives in florida, there's really no reason for me to go back to michigan. So I probably would never have gone just to go to homecoming, but it was nice to hop on there, see her Corwin. So
look
Yeah. I think for like, even for me, like I've got a couple of book clubs and we just went via zoom and I look like a lot of, I loved to read and I love to watch different tv shows and movies and stuff so it's like that I can all do at home. That's not that much different. I just missed the interruptions of like going to a baseball game or going to the theater and stuff like those like during the week, like staying home and being, you know, a little bit more of an introvert, a bit more, you know, just in my pajamas, nine o'clock, you're watching a show and then like going to bed because you get to break it up. So it's really the monotony of stuff of just kind of having one place that your existing and, or even like I was getting really into going to the gym early in the year, especially after I start work home full time, cause I'm like, oh I don't have to deal with an hour commute each way anymore so I can be a little more healthy. And it's good to, like, I even have a friend who she, you know, have been home for a long time and now she's being a nanny for some kids who are homeschooling, um zoom schooling, whatever we're calling it now. Um and her dog has got a little bit of separation anxiety where he's been scratching the door and just clearly like got used to having her home all the time, thankfully for her if I run to the grocery store or doctor's appointment or something, she's been pretty good on her own, but it's like even that kind of stuff where you have to like think about, you know, how is it affecting your life and your social, you know, your social social habits and stuff like that.
Oh yeah, even a friend who's been back um he actually worked on a touring musical um So he just came back to stay here after saying he was with his family in Wisconsin for a couple months and decided, you know, he's a 28 year old guy and he doesn't need to live at home anymore, so since he has, you know, several months off, he's subletting a place here and I've run into him once, but it was like, oh we can't hug, we were both going somewhere else. So like it was just like high and we still want to get together. Maybe like a man, I've done some mass walks with friends and stuff, but it goes back to that socialization of like if Ryan was just living here, we would have had dinner a couple of times, we might have to go together and now, you know, it's like, well he lives 10 minutes away but we
don't have, they're getting together. It just doesn't seem like a good idea and in so many
respects. So
I feel like I'm hoping we'll get, we'll get some aspects of where we were before, but as I think there are some good things that we've added just in terms so help. Like I was always
like with the dog, I was always generally pretty good about like washing my hands fairly often, but it's the first thing I think about now when I come inside, especially even
I've just been growing things like that, so I
think
that
would be a good thing. Yeah, I don't, I have not broken the, touching my facing as much as I tried, I definitely do that.
But
yeah, so I think there are based on hopefully healthy habits and just even things like in public places that you didn't think of it, like probably good to have a little bit of like separation from you and cashiers or you and you know
other people um in some sense
used
to
be
dollar each other for so long. So much of our habits were like how do we get the most of our people in the smallest space to make the most stop it? And that's probably not the best way to guide society, so.
I think we're in
it.
Absolutely.
sure. Yeah. Thanks for joining everything.
Have a great monday.