Thank you. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. The what? Okay. He was back. All
right. Hey there.
Yes I can. Right. Mhm.
Going well, how about you man,
where you were from? Okay.
Okay. I'm
in florida.
Yeah early afternoon one o'clock. Um But yeah, so what part of California have you? How are the fires out there? Have have they been taking off situated yet or are they still burning out there?
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, Wow, that's crazy. Yeah back in uh back in 98 we had some really bad fire uh close to us where I'm in I'm like in the central florida area, kind of kind of the halfway point between Orlando and Daytona Beach, so kind of like on the north side of central florida and we are back in 98. We had I mean we could fire us to mostly it's more in north florida where most of our forested areas star, but we you know, we do have areas of forest throughout the state. Um But in 98 summer in 1998, it was a real bad heatwave, bad drought. We had had a drought for several years were in fact the 90s were so bad that we're actually still catching up on the deficit. The water deficit. Uh like the rain, like the rain, our our water table still below what it used to be Because like the late, late 90s, through about the middle of the first decade of 2,000,000, we weren't getting because like in florida, we get rain like almost every day during the summer. Yeah. Normally, and for about five or 6, seven years we didn't, and So we're still, we're still catching up. I mean, things have been better for like about 15 years now, but we're still catching up. We're still like the water table is still at a deficit in some parts of the state. But back in the back in 98 Summer 98 we have virus in central florida as well as north and even south florida. And The city I live in was probably about 20 miles from the nearest fire. But uh you know we were watching it because it got closer, we were going to evacuate to and a town to two towns north of me. Actually, people on the east side of that town actually did. It was a mandatory evacuation. But it was like yeah, basically okay because it was gonna be mandatory so we're advocating everybody evacuate right now just to be on the safe side. So they started doing it. But fortunately um the firefighters were able to control and keep from spreading any further west. But so yeah, I can't imagine. I saw some pictures, I was with some friends who live in uh one friend who lives in san Francisco. And I have one friend who lives in uh L. A. And they were showing the pictures of what their uh what the sky looked like. You know? It's like first thing in the morning and it looked like it was almost dusk, you know, it was so dark and the orangey reddish kind of like so we're like the sun was setting, you know like it does that night, you know? And it was just and then I also have a friend in colorado. Um and they've got
three or four fires going out there right now. And she was showing me uh And and and again it was like it was a midday picture but it looked like it was like you know like maybe 20 minutes before sunset, it was so dark out there, you know? It's just crazy. I can't imagine what it's like. I mean because even even in 98 I was a good 30 miles moment. I mean it was hazy and smoky and like the sky was there was a reddish sort of tent, yellows, reds sort of tent but not not like what you guys have put out, but I can't imagine what that must feel like.
hello?
it almost looks like there was one picture of the cityscape us all and it was just like, you know and everything was that kind of grayish reddish, hazy sort of like in the air itself was so full of stuff that it actually looked kind of like, like another world. Like somebody had Photoshop to make it look like like a city on an alien planet or something like that. It's just are we? Um earlier this year in the beginning of summer we had a dust cloud come over from the Sahara one. The Saharan dust clouds uh came came across the ocean. Yeah.
Uh
Well it happens every year but um some years they get really really dense and it wasn't so bad here. I mean where you can see the difference in the air and you can tell it just looks look different, you know, kind of hazy, you know because there was so much sand in there but down in south florida it was even worse and I mean again you know there are pictures where it could be the middle of the day and you couldn't see the sun at all. So regular storming, but there was no rain whatsoever. It was it was all just dust clouds. Everything had that kind of that reddish yellow tint to their, you know, it was kind of neat looking, but it's kind of bizarre at the same time and I was like, wow! Yeah, over here we, you know, I mean we do get our summer forest fires of course, but of course our our big thing is
the hurricanes, you know, um we've been lucky this year, but I've, my best friend lives in Louisiana And he and his family have undergone two, two hurricanes, so cheer um Laura and then um beta, because you know, they ran out of the alphabetical names and now we're using the greek letters uh absalon.
Um and there's there's one in the gulf right now, it's going to become the next hurricane that will become zeta and that'll tie the record back in 2000 and five um was the most hurricanes ever recorded so far, are most most named storms Ever recorded so far. Hurricanes and tropical storms uh was 2005 and they had Zeta, but that didn't happen till December. Zeta actually formed in late december and actually didn't even die until like january that year. So this year it looks like it is going to form probably later. Today will become a tropical storm, so it will get named at that point and it's gonna be a hurricane for a couple days and then make landfall somewhere around the Louisiana, Alabama state line looks like. But so yeah, that's crazy. Kind of just you know how many more storms we're gonna go? I mean hurricane season slows down about now and of october is usually when I start slowing down. Um
official season goes for one, I thought to the end of november, but again it's possible the house storms, I mean 2005, we had storms and December 2004. And I think even like a couple of years ago there was like 11 storm in in december, so it can happen. No. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean well okay, I was born in florida um and I have lived two years uh 99 2000, I lived in Kentucky, but outside that, yeah, and then and then I moved back to florida in uh 2000, came back to florida. So yeah, it was, my dad was in the Navy, my my parents were actually from New Jersey. Um but my dad got stationed in Jacksonville and that's where I was born, and then he got transferred to Key West when I was like maybe a year old, Like nine months or something like that. And then uh that's where he retired, and then my family moved up to central Florida from key west in 1979 when I was nine, going on 10. And then just kind of stayed in the area like I said to leave for a couple of years. But then you came back, my brother moved to Maine. Well 1st 1st means of Virginia then uh well he's a U. S. Marshal. So uh he got signed to uh work out D. C. So he lived in Virginia for about three or four years. Then he got transferred to Atlanta. So he lived in Georgia for a year and then he got transferred up to Maine. He's been up there since 2000 and 13,005 somewhere around there. But yeah I'm a Florida native, which is unusual for my generation. Uh you can tell I'm on the young side anymore and got some great going on here. I'm 51 and most people in my generation, um, probably, probably over half I moved out. Most of the kids, I went to high school with their, like all over the country. Like I said, I've got friends in California. I got a friend who lives in Alaska here and uh, no friendly moved up to Hawaii. Yeah, of course. All replaced too. So,
well, I
love
it. Yeah.
As they get older. Yeah. Uh,
well, I mean, my parents came out here. They, they weren't old. Um, and again, again, it was because of the navy, but I'm sure my parents would have because again, they were there from New Jersey and my mom never really cared for the winter is my dad hated wonder. My dad hated snow. So, so even if he had been transferred down, you know, if he hadn't been in the Navy, probably he would have come down here or maybe out to California or Arizona or new Mexico, somewhere like that. But a lot of people, you know florida, especially south florida, south of me is uh you know, like where a lot of the retirees go, Miami and the florida keys and Tampa and all that. A lot of people go down there, you know, when you get older, um you know, the cold bothers you more and you know, it's better for their health to be warmer weather and high humidity. Either either real high humidity or real, real low humidity is better for people when they're older dealing with a lot of health conditions and all that. So they'll either move to florida California or they hit the desert stage. Like, you know, Arizona and new Mexico because of the lack of humidity out there. So they're big for like the retirement communities. We kind of joked like basically the further south in florida, you go the more northern state comes because it's, you know, it's all the people who have retired from new york, pennsylvania, maine, New Jersey, all that. Mhm. Come down to florida's. So basically the like, north florida is more of a southern state. South florida is more of a Northern state, you know? Uh then of course you get the people to come down here and you complain, complain about whopping up in new york. This is how we do it. Well, okay, go back to new york then, you know, if you want it done in new york, you go to new york. If you live in California and you know, you move somewhere else and it's different. Well then either adapt or move back to California, right? Yeah, it's yeah. So what
do you
what do you do?
Uh I'm currently working from home for the most part um part time. I worked at a manufacturing plant but because of covid everything I cut back big time. Um And what the company did, they didn't want to lay everybody off or put them on furloughs. So they gave everybody opportunity. Anyone who wanted to could go to a part time shift. And so full time. And so the work because basically you know that way they could have everyone working you know spread it out. So we're not all crammed together. Uh going to smaller shifts we're gonna we're gonna press line. So so the machines I set up and operate machines. And um I'm also a specialist on one of our machines is basically is a robot. It's called uh maybe a robotic cell. And what it does is you program and takes metal. It cuts it to, you know what you have programs were called recipes called recipes in the system. But you choose the recipe or you created a new recipe based on the job. You know, take a take bars of metal, you know, up to usually about anywhere from 12 to 20 ft long. Run them through. A sol, cuts them into predetermined length and then runs them through. And basically uh trims the edges, uh stamps and uh we call it uh neural um Some people call them boss, but it has a plate, run it through and put the information for the peace, you know? Um All the technical specs, it actually prints it right onto the metal piece and running through there and uh can champ for the ends, uh make them make them smoother angled or whatever so they can fit into other pieces and run through there and then from there from that point it comes out and automatically comes down. The chute gets put in the basket, then we switch out the baskets. And then when the job is done it moves on to another part of the press line where they can flatten it, but it appears whatever needs to be done. Um But that's like a it's like a $2 million dollar machines and not everyone is allowed to run that machine, you know? And
so I'm one of the ones that get trained on that. So I I do that machine pretty much probably about 50% of the time and then just variety. So I'm not stuck doing the same thing every day all day. Um So uh so right now it's usually two days a week, I do do the robot tell, and then one day a week I operate as the setup. So I go around go around set up other machines for someone else to run. Or if there's nobody else to run that particular job then I'll set it up and running myself and then maybe set up the next job for someone else to run on that same machine whatever. So so yeah I mean it's interesting it has a variety. Um But at the same time it's also it's the same old thing which makes it easier easier to do. You don't have to think about it. You know just kind of you know every job you take the blueprints go over and make sure you got the right set up and set it up. It was going to run it comes on starts running it, you know and then move on to the next job. What uh what what are your plans? What are you studying anything in particular like as far as career wise or do you have any thoughts for what do you want to do? Yeah.
Mhm.
So someone can be completely
different. These are pneumatic and hydraulic presses. So these are these are you know if you ever seen like a show or something about a manufacturing plant with big ass presses that come down and like flattened things or whatever. Um And like some of the machines we have our um Up to £2,000 per square inch of pressure. Um Yeah so some are even more on that uh there's multiple sections in our building and we have multiple buildings in the facility altogether. Uh where building I work and then there's like 344 different sections that I work in two of them. Um and one of the other section actually has um It's so high so what we'll do is we'll take like okay so like pretend this is a solid piece of metal, right? And we'll come down and have a section that comes down into the center of the peace. And just to pressure will hollow it out. And it creates so much heat that you can't handle it with your bare hands machine. To put it in the next piece, you have to wear like sick really sick. Uh double or triple their gloves. You know like like nylon and mesh. And like usually then we we
usually wear like uh rubber gloves underneath that as well. Uh Because if you touch it, I mean it won't bring your skin off touching bare skin and it'll blister so hot, you'll definitely get a blister area. So I I studied um I said I said it's journalism. I I never completed my college courses back in the 90s. I didn't start uh start studying journalism. Um I wasn't sure if I was going, I was kinda torn and I didn't know who the journalism or a web design of course this is back in the 90s where the web was brand new, you know? So I was kind of, I was kind of torn between the two, so I really hadn't committed to one another, but I was taking the basic courses for both, you know? Um
but never followed, never followed through through either. So journalism. Yeah, I mean, I absolutely appreciate that. Like you I'm big on writing and editing and you know, I love language words, all that, you know, I enjoy that. I've done I've done some uh other jobs, not the manufacturing plant. Um but I've done writing created either like news releases or bulletins or I would a humane society for 12 years. And uh, I was responsible for like putting together the newsletter. So, but um,
yeah, and I like I I took care of our facebook page and and the page and put out the details every time. You know, I take pictures every time there was an adoption, we take pictures of, you know, the people adopting animal, we're calling it. You know, we take pictures with them and their their new cattle dog, you know, so people can see the animals going home. And then we put down the facebook and update the web page with my boss, the director about every other month. She would put out like a letter from the director of sort of thing talking about, you know, what's going on? What we need. You know how the community could help out donations, you know, supplies or what money or whatever, what was more important at that time. And like I said I would get together a newsletter every time she came out with once every two months, sometimes three months she sent me to that and I put together like a little four page newsletter And just print it up and print up 1500 copies and we have it at the office and send out electronic version PDF and put a version on the web page as well, you know. So I was always kind of funny back when I was in high school actually studied uh what we call it, um I forget what the class was called. Um and it was a combination of both like printing like silk screen and press printing as well as as well like layout and all that. But this was back in the eighties. I was in high school so it was back in the 19 eighties. So we didn't use computers to do all that we did by hand. So you actually had pieces of paper and you were physically line,
you know physically lay out your your design for the page. Yeah totally different. I mean computers were being used back then um But they had only really like in the past couple of years at the time I've been embraced and this was a high school course. You know they didn't have access to all the computers for that. I mean uh the school being they have a computer lab until like the I actually got a computer lab. I mean they're being computers like in the office and there were a couple of computers in the library. So student they have a computer at home. They could they needed to type up and print something up. They could do it there as a library. But that was it. It was basically just a glorified typewriter. That's really all that was as far as the students, you know, use went. Yeah, because this is back before everything was connected to the internet. Of course. Mhm. And a totally different world.
Um Well like I said, I I never followed through with the uh college life happened. I got got married, got divorced, you know, double all that drama. So school school fell aside and um as far as manufacturing my first manufacturing job but was back in 2000 and two. Um I was working in a bed factory and
and basically shortly I died. So I did have like a whole options. I didn't know where to start. So a friend of mine told me that the place he was working, it was hiring so he got and that was cool. That was a fun job. I end up being like quality control. So first I had to learn how to make, how to make foundations, box springs and all that. Then I had to learn how to make mattresses because my job was to basically every every piece that came through. I had to check. Yeah, make sure, make sure it was completely sewed all around. There were no holes, There were no loose strings, anything minor. Any minor thing I would fix is there are too many loose strings. I would put the strings hard to get. So it all the way through it through. I could do that a little bit there. But if there's anything more major that I had to send the peace back to the department that made it, Then once I checked everything, I passed it through a machine, we had this giant machine, it was about probably about 12 ft high, by about 20 ft wide. And basically it was a giant shrink wrap machine. For, for the beds. Yeah. And I would pass it through and it had a roller on top that we'd uh, weighed £750 of shrink wrap again, about about 12 ft wide. And then there was a roller underneath the machine. So it would go through. Barbecue layers are rap. And then basically, a press would come down down and from the side. And then the presses, the presses were heated. The heat would cut the shrink wrap, you know, and then then it would pass food to the other side. And then there was a guy on the other side and his job was to take the pieces and put them on pallets, um, pertaining to each order. And then once the pallets were, uh, four months of pallets, full heat shrink wrapped them,
you know, tip over and fall and then somebody else would load them onto the trucks. Um, So yeah, so that was my first job doing, uh, working in manufacture And, and that was fun. I, I enjoyed it. And then after that is when I started the job at the Humane Society and I worked there for 12 years. And then a boss, the director. She retired. And when she retired, it wasn't really retired. She was kind of, um, strongly advised, you know, quote unquote asked retired by the board of directors because they're busy. It was a power power power exchange. And Board directors wanted to get rid of her. You people come on, they they want to put somebody else at up as the director. Somebody who could do things who would do things the way they wanted it to because she did it her way she had been running the facility for like 30 years so she they were going to tell her what to do. She was the boss. And and the way the contract that she signed it was written up. She was the boss. The board directors could not could not tell her what to do in the day to day running of the of the shelter. They control the control them, they control the money And um you know they signed off on any purchases over like you know like $500. She had she had total control and buying you know supplies for the store and all that or for the shelter and all that. But anything more than I think I think it's 500 might have been $700. So one time we had to get a new computer and we had to get them to uh sign off on the check for uh
to prove it. But mm Yeah she's been running for 30 years. She was she was I mean she was older, she was in her 60s, she was ready kind of ready to retire anyways but she probably was stated a couple more years and like I said they kinda had a meeting with her one day and just kind of like strongly asked her to you know step down and retire and she saw the writing on the wall and she figured it wasn't worth saying no and saying on another couple of years if they're gonna be assholes about it because because they obviously and
so so so she left and they told me all young, okay, You know, you're gonna stay, we're happy with you, like to two months later letter, thank you for your time. We appreciate all that you, but we've decided to let you go and and no, no real excuse. I mean, I know the excuse. The reason I know was because I was the original directors right hand man. Yeah, I've been there 12 years, like I said, I've been there almost half as long as she had been there. And so basically, you know, they basically felt he, you know, if we keep him around, it's still part of her is going to be around and we want to get rid of her, we want to move on, we want to do things our way. So we're gonna get rid of anyways, which is fine. But I mean, why why lied to me in the first place? Yeah. Why
why tell me, you know, and they told me in november when she when she retired to help me? Oh yeah, we're gonna keep around, everything is fine. Don't where were you know, you know, you're a good worker, we appreciate all you've done done today and you you help the shelter for so many years. Yeah. And then like I said, not not even a full two months later, that was like the middle of november and like the first week of january is when they let me go. I was like, okay, great thanks lying to my face, you know after Yeah. And
tell me you appreciate me. Well if you're so my attitude was like if you're lying to me by keeping me and your prior lying to me about Yeah, that that's the case. You know what, You know, we're all adults here and yeah, I mean, you're gonna let me go. Let me go. Give me a little bit extra money. Let me take It's off. You know what I mean? Not work for Christmas one year. That'd be great, you know? But uh, well, it looks like our time is up.
Absolutely. Yeah. I talked to your off a little bit, but you know.
All
Take care and and have a good one.