uh Can you hear me? Yeah.
Yeah. How's it going?
I
was just like
going over the instructions again. Um
Okay, so talk about whatever you like. Just imagine you've just met someone and you're getting below each other
And then at 25
minutes.
right. So
um yeah,
so you said it's it's really warm where you are?
Yeah. It's actually like kind of rainy here today. It's not raining. Yeah, but it's like very cloudy outside so.
Well, you know.
I do too actually. And there's a construction like right across the street that we can see um Apparently got struck by lightning yesterday, which I was that my boyfriend was home and he said that it like like the our whole building shook and like he saw
it, it was really
crazy. So.
I know. And
you know there was a couple of construction workers on the building, but I guess it's just all concrete right now so it's not like nothing like crazy happened
but yeah, pretty like scary.
Yeah, I was driving yesterday in the streets were like let it like
every time you went down to how a
little bit there was like a big splash you went back up. Yeah. Oh
Great.
Um Yeah, especially I don't know about in the midwest, but here in the summer it rains every day like never for the whole day but always for like two or three hours every single day.
Yeah, it's just I guess there's like so much humidity in the air, it just like
keeps going, you
know?
um Eleanor, I'm working from home, I am a mental health therapist for kids.
So doing all my sessions on the computer um which like some of the kids, I see her like five and six so trying to talk to them for an hour on the computer, a lot of them are on their phones and you know. Uh But yeah it's a little bit it's like slow down a little bit because of the summer but april is like really rough just.
It's
not like as a couple of kids I see her more like 11 or 12 and it's like a little bit better for them, the ones that are five are just like like so and run away like you know it's just but.
What?
Um Yeah for sure and so and usually like in what's hard to is like with kids you don't just do talk therapy like it's all activities and games, so it's been hard to figure out like how do we do that on the computer? So it's a little better. It's just it was like all brand new and everything, you know? Um Just like hit it once and all of a sudden the company I work for, I was like you got to keep, you know, keep your sessions but uh
great.
Yeah. What about you? Have something for you? Yeah.
Uh huh.
But Oh
More
body.
All
Uh huh
What?
Good
morning.
Yeah, I know. Um Yeah, there's like no perfect like going in and staying home. Um I think one of the hardest things to is just like not being used to working from home, like I live in an apartment and we don't really have like a good working face, so like I'm in my like living dining kitchen one, you know it's like one of those with the bedroom. So um so yeah my boyfriend was really for a little bit but um now it's back but that was I think that's why that was a little tough to is like this one tiny
space where like we're all trying to
do this thing. Why?
Thank
you.
Thank
you.
Nothing.
What?
All
No.
I actually like at one point I had a set routine for myself, like my alarm went off at like 5:30 p.m. And I just cleaned up all my head like make myself just clean it up and like put it away so that it felt like home and uh otherwise I'm just like sprawled and it's just like computer notes, you know like everything is all over the place. Uh And then like you said like whatever and when you do that like because then you know it's 8:00 and used to like see all your stuff
and
you feel like yourself.
What?
What?
All
Yeah. I know and I like don't even. Yeah. But I think um Yeah, definite but we're still waiting to hear because I
do I work at schools part
of the time so I do like therapy in the school and going
time and work with the kids there And they still haven't announced yet. Our school is supposed to go back like August 10 and they haven't announced um a plan at all. And so we have no they're like we could be in full full time, we could be like virtual full time, we could be a baby day, like they just haven't announced anything. And so that too.
my.
Thank
you.
what?
Up here?
and some of them like didn't have computers and stuff and like the school
was trying
to give people computers but there was a window and if you missed the window you didn't get one. So I like one client I work with just never. And my
mom was like calling the school like every day and they were calling her back but I just for whatever reason, he never ended up getting a computer and then he just didn't do school from March till I see it still missing three months. Um So yeah, that's so like I don't know I'm torn but I I feel like it's just like too many kids are getting missed out.
That's right.
Any form great,
definitely.
not
Nothing.
I know it's actually went to college in New Orleans and we learned about Like when Katrina hit, there were a lot of kids who don't have school for two years that just like fell in the cracks somehow. Um and so there were kids that were like in 10th grade but they didn't go to school for all of like 1st and 2nd grade. So they were just so behind and like never caught up. Uh
it's like
yeah I guess it's a to get really like Yeah. But but they said you know, spies are not like looking more you know the research from that.
No.
All
I mean
what?
Never
Right. Or like research yeah Even just yeah like researching this because it could I guess like important if something were to happen again and I think there how many,
come on.
I
know.
every
time I've heard that too like people trying to like sue the school for refunds, everything's like
you know to yeah
like
like
if you sign up for an online program it's different
signing
up.
Right.
That's
funny.
Uh huh. Yeah sure. Uh Yeah is your state like opening back up? Very awesome. Right.
But
right. I actually moved like in the middle of april and already had a plan to move, so I was in the house and then I moved into an apartment building uh and I was like kind of at the time I didn't even know if it's going to be able to move uh but I guess like apartment buildings close so um you know when we send it to other started, I had to but it was still in the middle of like hardcore quarantine so we were
worried
like I have to get there.
No.
It's actually like a really good, I feel like a marketing strategy for the hotel because nobody was traveling so that's
like a good idea to like
here.
that's right.
Mhm Yeah, now we're like I love in Georgia so it's like one of the first states to reopen everything and now our cases are skyrocketing and people are just like fires with no mask. I'm like nobody really, there's just an elevator, like everyone's wearing masks in the elevator in april and now like nobody has, it's
just very
that
everyone
Um and it's kind of like for college uh more is a little more is known about it too, which is helpful like at first like
we
don't know anything
so just like be by yourself because you know, you could get any, remember like my parents were there like 6, 16. Yes. But yeah, they were like putting all the groceries in the garage for like quarantining the groceries for like three days. Clorox seemed like every, you know, they're
like
anything.
My mom's like we've got like this counters for the dirty grocery, you know dirty like came from before
clean
wood and like you got to watch it and then put in the next county. Actually they're doing that on the news. They have some like
the Today Show or something like Today. We're going to teach you how to wash your groceries. Huh.
Shop.
Right now I guess they're saying that like it doesn't really easily spread on surfaces anymore at all. So like, you know, as my mom telling me, she was like, yeah, she's like, if you normally it's three days on the surface, but if you put in the fridge, it can last seven days if you put in the freezer collapsed like two months. But now they're saying that I didn't even really get it that
way
anyway. So and I feel like sneeze like directly on that on the box or something
like that.
The
dirty go shoot.
What?
my my grandma is like 88 she's in a it's not like a it's like an independent like
but assisted living where she like, you know, they carry stuff for her, but like she's still kind of in a minute. Um But yeah, she hasn't left her condo in like months and luckily they'll like bring all her stuff to her door for her. But she was telling Covid first hit that there was like a rebellious group and the they told them all to stay by their, she would say like she's a couple of them would like sneak out to go play bridge and one person thing and like, you know, whatever they were sneaking around because nobody was there room and she said she would go down to like get her male or something. That's her one trip. She saw like one of the ladies that was doing the sneaking, she like knew about it because there are gossiping about it. She was like my grandma was after, I've heard people sneaking around the play bridge like isn't that horrible I was doing
you know? Yeah, we would do
that. Yeah.
What?
Did you know,
you know whatever their names, they're playing bridge. Isn't that horrible like I mean ladies were like tiptoeing around the building, nobody wants me out. But
Yeah. My two best friends actually, we're supposed to get married in May and june um and they both had a postpone cancel their wedding. Um One of them is going to do get legally married and she just got married and she's going to get legally married in august with just her family and then hopefully still do like a
celebration
here. Um And the other one just doesn't know yet postponed but like still figuring out. Um So that was that because I missed like the bachelorettes in
the wedding.
Come on.
What?
What?
I saw this something about like it was a picture of a guy on an airplane and he like put his mask in his
eyes.
It
was like this is not like those
mask over time.
they're
like this is not the way to do. No. Well I
think it's I guess it's been
at
Um
It's reading instructions again. Yeah
So yeah mine's is 30 and I know it started a little delayed
but I think
Like
when you clicked on the screen but I think it would be good for 25. Um close we just close it and then click next. Right?
Yeah.
I think
it says if you um yeah
just to keep you know okay. Well that's
good to me.
Yes you too. Thanks.