Yeah. It's not my Children. Yeah. Why? I think it's amazing. Okay. Great. What? Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. three companies lost it. Yeah. Oh my God. Mhm. Well thank you. Right. Yeah. Before planting we'll be right back. That's just that's all. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Just bring it later. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.
I can hear you can hear me
doing all right. Um I don't know where you are but it's rather hot where I am so trying to keep cool.
Excuse
me.
Mhm.
And
we don't
want this. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah. I mean not not. I'm in the midwest assume that was hot myself. So warm.
yeah we had like big storms um The last few few days kind of scary. I live in
rise so it's like uh like crazy sometimes seeing all the all the craziness outside.
Well
that's
crazy. That's like one of those like fears you have in the back of your mind, like never occurs, but then it's like what if it happened?
big
risk?
I can imagine. Oh
no,
it's
like, I feel, yeah, I feel like that's the weather we have here two, it's kind of like either it's like unbearably hot or like
rainstorms can't go outside. Thanks. 2020.
Oh, every day I guess it's good to to like cool everything down
it's
going
um So how is how is stay at home been for you?
Ooh.
yeah. Yeah, I can imagine just transition and um you work with kids, so I'm sure they're you know, not just like work with this changes and things like that. Yeah, now I've had uh I also go to go to therapy and I heard the first time had to have it like, you know, just through the phone or something like that, that meeting a new doctor that way and it's like it's totally fine, but it's like it's sometimes harder to connect I think. Like especially when you haven't met somebody like to be like, okay, yes, I need to like let you know what's going on with me, but I also don't know you and I can't see you, I can understand from your end of it to your like trying to be like, okay, let me listen, what do I ask? Like it's a different dynamic
but yeah.
Look, I can imagine that like Children that age, like any time a phone or video, it's kind of always seen as like a fun thing to like not to say that like, you
know, therapy or whatever they're going through isn't, you know, isn't a good thing or positive, but to be like, just like you
Yeah, well I guess that is important, especially in
your line of work, it's like to uh
yeah, it's been okay. I am. Um even
before obviously things happened, I was at a job that was entirely remote. Um So it was kind of used to that um I'm also in the health care field, but not like patient, like health insurance as a strategy director. Um
So, but
that was like my first like totally remote job
and it was, it was interesting, it was like a, it's now that I think a lot more people are doing like their jobs remotely like um you know, I think it's, I'm not saying it's all good or bad, I think there's a
lot good to it. I think there's like some things that you still like we're still figuring out and it's like I think um like even before things happened with, I thought being a fully remote job was like um it was it's almost like a certain expectation sometimes of like always being on like oh you're you're at home, you're working, like I can send you this email at like 10 o'clock at night and like sure like you know, I'm sure like some people do a really good job at like compartmentalizing and being like okay this is my mom, this is what I'm off. But it's like I think that adjustment is like sometimes sometimes difficult and things like that. Um And then um
my husband uh he uh like he works at a job that I guess was deemed an essential like worker type of person. So um he's still having to like go into the office every day and like um we also
like he works in a different state. Um So he was he was already like traveling like basically every week
for
work but like he continued to do that and I'm just like like it's a lot like.
We're
all trying to.
No, same. We live in like a one bedroom place. I mean
we love,
it's like right in the middle
of the
city, I love
it. And um but I also
think it kind of works for us because like my husband like basically works out of the house while it's like there's a way for a couple
of days one time because I'm just like if we were like all together like and I'm working from home or if he was working from home or something
like that. I feel like there's like a few times where like, he's like at home and like on some conference call and like I'm on the same day. I feel like he's like, okay, I'm in the bedroom here in this. And it's like, it's sometimes hard to be like, okay, here's the office, here's when I turned it off, like, here's But
like
yourself.
Yeah, no, first there before my current job, like I've had jobs where I've had like, you know, a couple of days work from home, like a week or something like that. But I feel like it's a different dynamic because it's like, I
just had everything like on my computer and then like, I could just
shut my computer and be like, okay, that's it. But I feel like when you're like, like it's like, that's the new norm or you just have a job. That's what you're about. It's like, oh my god, okay, they sent me a printer, I should sprout
crap like, you know, like it's like, it's like spreads all over your house and you're just like Mhm. Oh god.
But
Whoa
case.
I can. Yeah. I mean, I don't I don't have Children. I think I'm
Caleb
less attention
to that, but like, a lot of my friends that you have kids and things like that, like, they're saying the same things here, like, I don't know. Or maybe they had like a few months ago, they had like some date in mind like ok,
yes, clothes for the rest of the school year like. But like Yeah, I mean it's july and usually I think here I'm remembering back to my school is like school used to start like, end of august almost. So it's like, it wasn't
it's not that far away from where we are now. So I can't like I can imagine that it's you know where we where everything is in most cities are today. Like they can't even like think about like yeah, we're going to do that or whatever, maybe where it is like where the kids that you have sessions, where were they in virtual like cool this whole time or uh
like,
you know?
All
fine like. Yeah, I think that's unfortunately I can imagine that's like the reality for um a lot of people that maybe don't have those resources at home like, you know, and it's like it's probably a lot of things, it's like having a computer that your child can use or a device that they can use for hours a day like um having reliable internet like, you know like I think when you have, I mean I went to public school like, you know, as a kid like when you're in that environment like you don't always have the resources to be like, I mean that's some of the reason probably why people send their kids to public school to like, I mean publicans are great. I think so, but
to say, okay, this is what's going to be provided.
I
I I wonder, I wonder
how schools and things will deal with that. Um You know, because I think the whole point of like the classroom
too is like, you know, everyone in this class is supposed to be on whatever level and whatever like uh criteria or something like that. Like how do you even deal with someone being like, yeah, we didn't have those resources are going to school for three months.
Thank you.
That's
Right. Right. Like, I mean, granted, like maybe in a lot of people's lifetimes like, you know, Pope it and things are like a unique
situation and things
like that. But to your point like in a lot of ways,
maybe not on the scale,
like the global scale it run, but to an extent this has occurred before with like natural disaster or other other things both within the US and like otherwise and you would think and maybe there are, you know, maybe, I don't know it, but maybe there are a lot of like findings and takeaways from that that we
should be doing and aren't doing. I don't know.
It's,
I think it's hard for, I mean, I I know like, you know, obviously like for school it's an issue too. But I know like other people that are either like graduating like whether it's college or whatever. High school and things like that like, you know, they're trying to figure out like some family members that are trying to figure out like you know, what's their next step like, are they are they even going to school like in
the fall
like is it even I mean it sounds stupid but it's like, you know, is it even worth it to pay tuition for something that you're like unable to go to and like things like that. I
don't know.
or
whatever. I mean I mean I can imagine like like I um like I know when I got my graduate degree like it was like,
you know I mean I think there is like like something you get out of like that day to day class or whatever that is and if you don't then you went into it knowing you are like
having a virtual type of degree or or whatever.
like you
went into
it and I would hope that or I would think that like the cost is like relative to like what it is that you're what you know what you're doing. Uh
I don't know.
There's
probably a lot of things that will like come up within the next year across
I mean so uh I'll just say I'm in Illinois so uh that's too revealing. But um I don't I think we're kind of middle ground like I know like where I was there were definitely like heavy like lockdowns like um kind of like other big cities or other like states that were, you know, it was more impacted like early on from like, you know, March until I want to say like some things didn't really open up until like last month. Like jim. Um Now I think like like non essential stores are starting to open. Um I don't know about like entertainment or anything like that. But
I don't know like I I feel like it's going fine but I worry too. I'm just like, I don't know if things are really like that needed like you know um like my husband works in Ohio and they weren't as as far as I know, they weren't as badly hit like early on. But like now they're like one of those states that has like over 25% like new cases and things like that. You know? I think it's a hard too because it's like, like you were saying like you live in a like high rides our apartment building. Like I live in like it was like probably like 60 floors like where I live like I don't even know how many units and it's like they did like people are trying to be super respectful and like elevators and things like that. But how like, you know, people don't all live like places where you can be like, yeah the houses are like miles away from each other. They're like
I
mean
I mean I think that's a legit like worry. It's like, like kind of like, like I am I kind of live in like a downtown area like all the hotels technically I think are still open and like have to be open and things like that. But I know even our building like sends out messages here and there and they're like, oh like if you're feeling, I don't know how much more safe you feel like a hotel but they're like if you feel like more safer that you want more space, like, you know, this hotel is doing special rates where you can go and like, you know, I feel like you need to isolate more or like something
like that. Um like there's a lot of hospitals like by where I am too. So a lot of like hospitals and hotels were doing um, like partnerships or deals where like they were moving a lot of their um patients that like weren't in critical care even to like hotels to like be able to like have individual rooms and things like that. That's a good idea. But you know,
I think
it was like, I don't know all the details, but I think it was beneficial on all ends, especially as hearing about it in like March april May when like, they were like, okay, there's a lot of people and hospitals that maybe don't actually you know have Covid or anything like that. But you know there they need to be there for
other reasons and you know, they're technically are a lot of vacant rooms. So it was interesting. But yeah, to your point like not everyone lives somewhere where it's like really isolated or things like that. So it's
the best of it and whatever that reality is.
No,
I think, I don't know. I think even here like people pulled the pulled together, what does it pull the trigger or something like to quickly like I remember like back a
few months ago like people were like they like people didn't want to ride
elevators together if you weren't already for if they feel like, do you mind if I, you know, and people under stuff like they waited and there are big warnings for like elevator but you know people just like now like there are like come on it. Which I find much like I'm sure people are keeping their distance like.
I
was
but
I
saw
those videos like people are like, yeah, it's like wash your groceries this way and I'm like
not wipe
down
back
wow now. I mean yeah and granted like you know it's people were trying their best I think and like it's your point like there probably wasn't a lot of information or data about like actually like what are the droplets like you know how vicinity like close to be,
how long it actually like lives on surfaces and like that is that how it spreads and things like that. But yeah, I think, I don't know, I think it's almost like people went to like a very like whatever and extreme was at the beginning and then I don't know, people just got sick of it. It's like the other end and they're like, we'll be fine.
that's
not
So
like, yeah, I wish I believe like that. I mean not believe and I believe that's probably the science of it and like, but I also feel like, like you're too like based on, I'm sure a lot of people were like your parents to like, you know, oh, let's not touch
this. This is how threat.
Yeah. But then I feel like this, like I see people all the time either which is like no mask or like, you know, the mask under your nose and they're like, like touching their face while they're outside, that's probably like layers right to yourself. Like it's more like probably saying people that are like, like doing something extreme on one end, but like every day like type of things. It's kind of like, yeah, my parents are like in my dad's in
his seventies, like he was probably like granted, like they don't go out much anyway so it's not like they're like trying to like do this and that. But like, I feel like I had of course my dad to wear the mask like months ago. He was like, oh man, it's like, it's not like, he was like, he didn't believe the Matthews just like what may I ask? Like what I have to wear it which way? Like I just feel like that level of confusion like making me like elder people like doing something like, yes, you need to do this to you want to go
live.
I believe
I
believe that. Yeah. I feel like sometimes unfortunately it is like
a lot older people or just very young people that are like whatever it won't impact me like and it's like you never hear about it being like there was emergency, they needed to go out like and they couldn't, it was like yes like they were going to play bridge or like they're going to like do something social.
I
believe it. Do you have any um did you have any travel plan that you had to like postpone or?
Thank
you. Yeah.
I'm
like everything. Yeah. Yeah. I mean hopefully hopefully people still do it when when they're able
to maybe or you know I think ways to celebrate totally. Yeah. Yeah my husband I had this trip planned to to Miami like South Beach a few months ago. Of course like we're just like I mean it was like a leisure trip so of course we're like like um but like I feel like it's still
very like confusing when like are just like uncertain when like you know people are able
to do that again like we just went ahead and postponed we're just like that's fine like we'll do it. Maybe they are like of course months ago when people are like yeah it's gonna be over and this man I'm like okay. Um And of course now we're just like I don't know if that's like a smart idea but then I also a lot of my just like friends or colleagues or whatever that like I mean I think now what flights are continuing places like but they're just like I think there's a whole thing of like you know it's supposed to be every other seat or everything. But like, everyone that I see is like, that's fine. For whatever reason. They're like, it's full flights. Like that's just what it is. And it was like, like, like you said, like, we don't exactly like we have more information on how it spread. Like I can't imagine that they're like, everyone on this full plate is like, has their mask on like the whole time. I don't know. I'm skeptical president. Like, I'm like, I have no faith in like people.
It
was
like a happier.
We'll
see. We have more people doing
that.
has
it
been? Yeah.
Has
been 25,
remember?
Okay. Yeah, I meant this 35, but I think I loved
in like earlier.
yeah,
do we close the screen that we're on and then click next or
Ok.
Okay.
It
was good chatting with you. Hope you have a good rest of your day,