SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Remember. Uh huh. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: you're not or? Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Alright, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Fine are you? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Pretty good.
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: So yes, we didn't really get prompts.
SPEAKER_R: Trying to read the instructions but we don't have no we didn't didn't. My
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: name is Caroline workers.
SPEAKER_L: my name's Maya. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hi Maya. Nice to meet you. How are
SPEAKER_L: You too?
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: Where are
SPEAKER_R: doing
SPEAKER_L: you from?
SPEAKER_R: with this? Ohio how about you
SPEAKER_L: I'm from pennsylvania.
SPEAKER_R: pennsylvania? Okay that's cool. How are you guys still in a lockdown in pennsylvania? Oh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My county is still on like the red phase or whatever. Not the yellow faced. How's Ohio?
SPEAKER_R: Har sin. Yeah ours is too. They're starting to let people go back to work this week but like spaced out and phases. Um Retail gets to open back up on the 12th or so. But I don't know about the libraries and schools are closed the rest of the year and it's just like you know things you can get it but.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. I know like we have construction shut down for a while because my parent works at a construction company and they're starting back up soon so that's good. But I think a lot of like non essential retail is still going to be close for a while so it will be interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's how that's how ours is because construction and manufacturing stuff went back yesterday and the guy next door has been running back and forth I guess he went back to his job, he's in construction so remember.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Are you working from home?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I do I'm a caregiver to my dad who was very killed so um over the COVID-19 standard stuff. So I spent most of my time working part time and then I do stuff like this on the side for extra money when I get a chance to between taking care. Do you work from home?
SPEAKER_L: I'm actually I'm a college student so um I had school, I had school for most of april and now I'm done so I'm just staying home but I don't really have any summer jobs or anything lined up yet. So it will be
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: interesting
SPEAKER_R: is kind
SPEAKER_L: because.
SPEAKER_R: of unusual. It's probably going to be hard to find a job for people who have lost one. We're going to lose one soon I can't imagine.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm glad that you still have stuff to do. Has it been hard on your family to be quarantined and all that?
SPEAKER_R: Well it's a little bit harder. I mean you guys been bedridden for three years and I've been in here with him most of times. I can't leave him. We can't we don't have babysitters or what not it's just me. So um I take care of him. Um if I get hurt you know it's just like who's gonna take care We're going to keep him out of the nursery hopes. So I'm used to staying here with him 24/7 and not hardly being able to go places unless I have to make arrangements for his you know needs while I'm gone. Trying to stay away more than four hours when he first started getting sick I did have a part time job where I could leave him up to six hours but then it started drinking and then version of the Medicaid hotline and finally I had to give it up and find some things I couldn't travel both of it. But I kind of they wouldn't let
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: us work
SPEAKER_L: must
SPEAKER_R: from
SPEAKER_L: be
SPEAKER_R: home now.
SPEAKER_L: hard,
SPEAKER_R: They will
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: it's okay now I'm going to work from home when all this happened I kept trying to get him to let me work from home and they wouldn't do it because you know how this that kind of stuff is set up, They won't let you do it now. They um and have them all together because everybody gets sick. You don't have the call centers as tight quarter building or and you can't air it out anyway. So um I was having trouble right before I quit anyway because they burn candles and I have allergies, that kind of stuff. I feel real sick and I go in the break room which is not far away anyway and still smell and go outside and I kept leaving to go home. So I kind of giving it up anyway in a way. So I just trying to juggle it with him and it works. So I've been working at home on and off for four years. I've got a longer term job right now tied the election cycle when that stops. I don't know if they'll keep me on or they might if they have another client. I just I monitor it stuff on the back end. It's not very high and I just making sure that the calls go through for the political cost for the liberals. So what are you studying?
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm studying neuroscience and psychology. I just finished my junior year so Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Keep going.
SPEAKER_L: I'm trying.
SPEAKER_R: I got my psychology degree. I never I went into the clerical filled in and actually but I thought about going back to do something else with it as um things have changed and um you can't really be a secretary anymore with automation. So I was thinking about when something happened with dad and I'm released from all of this. Not trying to do that. But when I'm released with all all this may be doing something different. I'm not quite sure yet. I have to see use me. I don't really know
SPEAKER_L: Yes. So it gives you a lot of
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: options which is nice but at the same time it's very like broad so it's hard to
SPEAKER_R: Oh it is, it
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: is,
SPEAKER_L: narrowed down like
SPEAKER_R: it is,
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you wanna
SPEAKER_R: didn't
SPEAKER_L: do.
SPEAKER_R: want to just because I went into a certain college before because the guy was a college man, so don't ever say that a college education doesn't help you. I've gotten jobs where you can only get a job by being college educated and having graduated bachelor's degree and it was more long lines of grading papers and stuff or the standardized testing. Um It was either that you had to be a teacher, so um but I have the skill set that you have to have a college degree to get it. Oh it's helped me immensely over the years um And be more competitive given back in a time where a lot of people weren't college educated when I got my degree, I'm a little bit older maybe you can tell um There weren't that many college educated people like there are now when I'm with the school is $4,000 a year for position. So I give you some idea.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's crazy how much it's gone up. I think my tuition is like 9000 a semester and that's just tuition.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: not all the other stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Are you going to private school or public school if you don't mind me asking?
SPEAKER_L: No, I go to pit so it's just a public state school but still expensive.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh yeah, it's still expensive. I thought that was a lot. I came out with about $12,000 in college that all together because you know the more you work unless you get because you want to work too buy books or whatever else they throw at you. So you take a summer job or you take like me, I try to do the job in a part time college at the same time um worked ready or whatever um if that exists. So um
SPEAKER_L: I have a work
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: study.
SPEAKER_R: know the more you make. Yeah. So um at the end I had a lot less Pell grants and a lot more me based loans. So, but I thought that was now looking back, I can see that that wasn't hardly anything to come out with that much for the last 2.5 years in my schooling. So, um,
SPEAKER_L: thankfully
SPEAKER_R: I was busted
SPEAKER_L: I shouldn't
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: know too much but it's still crazy that you know people go into it a lot of debt just to get an education and like you said you kind of
SPEAKER_R: I am.
SPEAKER_L: need a college level education to get a good job and start your career, so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Not necessarily depends on what you want to go in. When I went to school, they had what they called the vocational track and then the college, you know, and I don't know how they do it now, but it was just either one of those, if you weren't special ed or something special needs, you have one of those two. And you either with the tolls, which is our local rural thing technical school where you like a plumber or something. So you can still do like apprenticeships or something if you want to be a welder or something so you don't have to go to college. That's a good but some of those things are kind of dangerous, you've got to kind of be careful but yeah, if you want to get paid and you really have to do something like an apprenticeship still or college, I fully agree with that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, my dad's
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: it's even like
SPEAKER_L: he
SPEAKER_R: beyond
SPEAKER_L: went
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: throughout, he's a mechanic, so he went to like a trade school for that so and he's
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: doing
SPEAKER_R: my point.
SPEAKER_L: fun, so yeah, it's definitely not for everyone, but
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: is getting more and more competitive.
SPEAKER_R: yes it is an automation changes the playing field. I was managed to like I said put a spin on line where I was very good with things like writing and books and stuff and playing both for and so I ended up on clerical. Um it wasn't the last time I was unemployed probably five years ago. This was before everything hit with COVID-19. They advised me to get out of the clerical field unemployment department that they make you watch them. Uh huh invites me to them all the unemployment department so I kind of got pigeonholed into customer service and I really hated it at first but I kind of grew to like it it pays good and you don't have to really have more of an education than what you know that but not the only way to move up and that is um getting a feel like health care where it pays real good or like I was or um you know I work for the state or something like that or get like to be America adding water. Yeah so so what do you do you know what you plan on doing your psychology and neuroscience? You wanna be a doctor?
SPEAKER_L: I think I want to go to grad school and get a PhD and do research at a university because I like teaching and I work in two research labs and I really like that. So I think that will be um
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: of a clear path for me to go down and then once I have a PhD I can kind of have a little more choices then I would now. But I think I'm gonna take a year off once I graduate and you know, get more experience and narrow down what I want to study and then apply to schools, so.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's a good idea. Um I thought about just jumping in the PhD because I don't know if, you know, yeah, the psychology, if you want to practise for yourself, you've got to go that far, so I didn't want to be somebody else's employee the rest of my life, if I was going to do my own private practice or going with somebody I wanted, you know, whole thing and I was going to do that and then life happened, you know? And I changed like, so
SPEAKER_L: stuff you can't control.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so I changed, like I said, my career path and I was really happy with that, but lately it just um like I said it they just automation happened and I had a receptions job even a while back, one of my last secretary stuff jobs and they automated reception system there with my job. So you know, they automated the calls that were to go this place or that place. So yeah, if you're in that kind of work, they're gonna um you need to get more into maybe like law lawyer or something paralegal or online virtual assistant if you can get a freelance, but that's hard to do. Lot of freelance stuff is hard. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: It's it's really sad to see like everything technology just changed so much. I mean I grew up
SPEAKER_R: That,
SPEAKER_L: with it, but just looking through my parents and stuff like, I don't know if they've just spent so many changes so fast. I can't really wrap my head around all of it.
SPEAKER_R: that's true. I
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: grew up with a typewriter in high school, I went to college and got my first computer, you had to go to a specific lab to check your college email. And with a floppy does it was still floppy.
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: And then by the time I got out of there, they had all these printers. And I think I got my first uh cell phone after college. But I remember my car breaking down and having to go to a pay phone and use a calling that actually have money on. No, but it's changed. I'm like, I remember the days back when I wanted a portable computer, the only thing I just had a desktop like this and it was a big tower and big monitor and big speakers on the end and you know what I'm talking about, I just wanted to lay in bed and when I wanted to do something um like read a book on line and back then I did that kind of stuff, um it wants a computer all day, if I wanted to entertain myself. You know, I remember what now everybody's got you addicted is everybody's got a little cell phone number one in one of those that were there were coming up just come up with ideas and everything. That's funny so fast.
SPEAKER_L: I know everyone like talks about how we have all these, you know, we have so many screens to look at all day. And if We had to do this, COVID-19 restrictions like without any technology like you would have to do, you have any more different things to like entertain yourself and life would be really different. I think without all the screens.
SPEAKER_R: Would I remember having to entertain myself without all of this stuff and so things that I did just out of sheer boredom, I actually became a writer of sheer boredom, okay. You know when I was a teenager I would write stuff I'm sure, but I won't do that anymore because I have all these other distractions, but I'm thinking when I want something to entertain myself, I usually go back to something physical because screens are just too much on my eyes and everything anymore. I just want I still want the book, I move, the library's open back up so I can books or something, I can't get anything I want to on this tablet is just I want to go I was a physical thing again because the light would lay down to go sleep and relax and it's just you know, it's a book and it's physical and what you're used to, but I remember having to from places to get things done. You didn't have to you couldn't do everything on the internet. So you had to find ways to entertain yourself. That wasn't
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, I think nothing can be a physical book. I don't like really reading on, I don't like reading on my laptop. Like I like to print articles out and have the paper copies.
SPEAKER_R: you can't
SPEAKER_L: It's just
SPEAKER_R: highlight a cabin and physical and I still all do things on the tablet, things I really want to remember. Like I will sell your something. I just don't retain it the same way as if I've printed it out. I have on hand. And I remember having to say things for computers would crash at work or something like that because dust got into the back of our park with us from factories, we get in the back doing clerical stuff. They would just haven't added up or something like that. You would lose everything. I just don't, I'm like you I get fatigued with all these zoom meetings or whatever. You know, you should be on there long enough and you just don't have the same kind of easy interaction you do when you see somebody's face to face. Um It's harder to for their you know to look at their facial expressions to know what you know what they're doing or wanting to say you have to concentrate harder I think on non verbal cues and all this information is on inundating you and all that extra light and everything. It's just harder on your eyes. It's not as easy to access them. I think we're physical people their commitment to be physical who need to be physical.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's it's much easier for me to get distracted. I definitely don't learn as much online and zoom meetings are not my favorite thing to do by far. But when you said like writing stuff down, like a lot of college students now like right on their ipads or just take like hype on their computers. But I still like print everything out. And a lot of professors say like it's better for your memory. Like you retain it better, it's just easier to learn while your handwriting. So it's definitely the minority. But I still handwrite everything. I just think
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: easier.
SPEAKER_R: perfect. I think if somebody really wants to challenge they should learn how to do cursive because there was a period of time back in recent years where they didn't heat cursive in classes. He just had print, we had to learn the curse of micro survey that I still do the kind of weird kind of print person. But
SPEAKER_L: I have a little bit of
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: both.
SPEAKER_R: he did kids that because that is an art and some people make quite a good amount of money for calligraphy. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: I write like all my efforts are cursive which is like a weird letter. I'll do like S. S. And P's and just kind of string it all together. It's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: quicker
SPEAKER_R: do too.
SPEAKER_L: it's quicker to write in cursive and like you said it looks better a lot of the time to.
SPEAKER_R: It does. Yeah. I
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: think I write a little bit better. My my mom always said I should have been doctor because I have chicken scratch handwriting but my I think my handwriting looks better if I take more time to write it out better than if I trouble,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And I'm a lefty so I don't think that helps
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: writing.
SPEAKER_R: trouble with this. Yeah. What the binders? And have the do you buy certain kinds of pens in certain kinds of paper because they're made for left people or do you just put up with the right handed?
SPEAKER_L: I just put up with it for the most part like my hand will just get black. Um It's honestly really hard for scissors because they just they genuinely don't work and I just I can't ever cut things out right? But that's like the only big thing like writing and it's not too bad. I just have to, you know, wipe your hands
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: off. But
SPEAKER_R: I heard
SPEAKER_L: cutting and
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: stuff
SPEAKER_R: don't exist that somebody made a pair of left handed scissors. I don't know if you
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: can buy
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: those.
SPEAKER_L: exist. Yeah, I used to have them like when I was little and I would make crafts and stuff, but I kind of just use the right handed ones now. I don't on Yeah, like kitchen scissors and stuff will still work. But yeah, the lefty scissors are nice if you're like into crafting or something like that where you need like clean lines.
SPEAKER_R: And that's true.
SPEAKER_L: There. Yeah. What do you what do you like to do on your stuck inside, wow.
SPEAKER_R: Read obviously um come bible study for some christian um computer games. Um They odd a game like match three or something like that. Um Things that I find um like that playing with the cat. I'm going to get out into my garden here. I have some heirloom tomatoes I grew
SPEAKER_L: Who
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: notes?
SPEAKER_R: a pot and that I say from last year's crop I want to get out there but it's too cold. It's still in the fifties here and I'm supposed to be in the seventies and it's still too cold to plant. So um I don't know if we're going to make the Mother's Day thing that we usually do um to plan around Mother's day in our region so um we'll just get another. Neither does. What do you do?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's cool. It's cold here too. It's still like in the 50s and we were trying to plant stuff too, but it might the ground like harden and all that. But yeah, I don't get to read too much during school because I'm honestly too tired during my free time to read and I just don't
SPEAKER_R: I can
SPEAKER_L: feel
SPEAKER_R: imagine.
SPEAKER_L: like it. But yeah I've been reading more watching a lot of tv. I'm trying to go on walks and get outside when I can but you know it's so cold. Um Yeah I just hang out with the people I live with and make the best of it. I probably go on my phone too much but been trying
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: to limit myself.
SPEAKER_R: out there
SPEAKER_L: I have extreme
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: times on my absence stuff because it's not my favorite thing but it's just a way to pass time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know I have so many friends and family on facebook. I get sucked into at night try to watch that too and be mindful of that. But sometimes I get sucked into the ever squirreling thing and you know they do that on purpose. You would have found it. They've even had exposes on T. V. About it. So you know
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it is certainly addicting. It is hard to sometimes I just pick
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: up my phone impulsively sorry to readjust. Um And I I don't even think about it. I'm just find myself reaching from my phone and I'm like I don't even need to go on that right now.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I don't do so impossibly. I was one of those holdouts that I wouldn't give up a flip phone for the longest time. And then I did customer service for Apple for three months for a third party. Um And then I I got to like them and I bought my first one and I finally replaced that Iphone five about two months ago I got a Samsung. After all these years I I made it go and go and go and replace the battery but then it got to where it's just so obsolete. But I was a holdout for a smartphone technology but once I got it I love. Thanks. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know. I had an iPhone six for the longest time. And then I just got so like what's the word? Like it's sold all the time but it just wouldn't turn on the battery wouldn't last long at all. It's crazy. The Apple like confessed to slowing down the older phones so that
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: would buy nor ones
SPEAKER_R: I know I hated that. So I was such an Apple fan for the longest time. But when I bought the Samsung because I wasn't going to spend $1,000 for a phone right now being a part time you know I got a good pay. Um the COVID-19 is still drop down our hours like everybody else has has because it's an upset on election cycle across the us. It stretched everything out. Um I was you know I think I got that one for around 100 or so if that I wasn't gonna spend $1000 for a new phone. So I'm like because I think back in the day when I bought my five C. It was 500 I thought that was high. I was like I'm fine visit for the long term. It's going to last longer than my uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No. You you really
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: was thinking
SPEAKER_L: that they
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: will
SPEAKER_R: best
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: night call. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: you get a few
SPEAKER_R: it was
SPEAKER_L: years
SPEAKER_R: big.
SPEAKER_L: out of them.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah I certainly got a lot of mine. I don't know how many at least five if not probably more. But I made that thing run like you're like you did with your I didn't want to give it up when I had to give it up because I'm so used to it. I just wanted this one is hard and fit in my pocket, accidentally bought a 20 study 10. It was smaller. It's hard to fit my pocket and I want to go mobile on or something was falling about a little bit too big. Everything is going to be bigger and better than. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know. I hope like little purses and
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: stuff
SPEAKER_R: there any
SPEAKER_L: from
SPEAKER_R: more
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: countries?
SPEAKER_L: when I was a teen and I remember my phone would fit in it and I could put a bunch of stuff in it on my phone. Like doesn't even fit in these little bags anymore. And it like, like you said it doesn't really fit in my pocket and it's like a big
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh and you know
SPEAKER_R: make it could accidentally take photos all the time. Um At least it doesn't butt dial.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I'd rather take pictures and call someone.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I accidentally went through the drive, I went through the drive through the other day and I got the mobile pay for Mcdonald's for dad for the first time in two months. And I had accidentally I had picked up food, food from walmart, one of those pick up things. Um I finally ventured out of the house because you know I was locked down with dad. I wouldn't go anywhere. Absolutely. We had friends bringing us food because my father is very very, he gets it. You know, I'm not gonna say anything more but by accident
SPEAKER_L: I understand,
SPEAKER_R: called walmart again to pick up girl and I have turned it off like you know you have to put things and then to go back in and it being so new trying to figure out if I'm like I'm sorry ma'am, please hang out their culture. I'm yelling lady was handed me the food and it's funny it's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: fine.
SPEAKER_L: think with it,
SPEAKER_R: Have to get used to that.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's good that they have those pick up things so that people can really try to be as safe as they can.
SPEAKER_R: And yeah it is. They even gave me two free strawberry pies. They asked me if
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: I want to pies and I thought you were going to substitute my apple for strawberry ended up before pies and I didn't pay for and I didn't really hear the girl that because I was trying to yell on the phone. I thought she was charging for the difference. I didn't know if I go home. I'm like three pies from one.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh Yeah, I guess there's worse things. An extra pie.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. I think they were actually very good. I've never had a strawberry pie from lead on before. I didn't know they existed.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: think I've ever gotten anything like that from there. So. Nice street.
SPEAKER_R: what first time for everything?
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yeah, I've been we've been doing drive through a little bit, but I've really been trying to cook more. I mean, I know like you probably are too. But okay.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. I can't get away. Cool. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: as a college student, I didn't cook too much because I'm, you know, never home really. So it's been nice to just force myself to learn how to do that more and feel more like
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: self
SPEAKER_R: is.
SPEAKER_L: sufficient.
SPEAKER_R: You really, really should because I went I was on a big campus where I had to walk a lot anyway. Oh chew but I gained weight like too much weight like £15 because I was Ricky pizza and pop and things like that. Even though I would go down to the they think that like a salad, I did like egg salad sandwiches and stuff that were higher on, you know back then. So I kept that weight and kept that way and kept forbidden. I didn't lose it. So I started taking care of my parents, my mom died of cancer and then right after that I had to take care of dad lost his legs and yada yada, that was when I lost the way. Um but you know, if I had cooked back then for myself and took that time to do it or protect something in my backpack to where I was going, uh I don't think I would have gained that much weight if I had better eating habits than what I was, you know, grabbing it going. So I encourage you to do that. Um I learned the hard way.
SPEAKER_L: No, I learned the hard way to. Yeah. I mean I was on a meal plan freshman year and you know, I didn't have anywhere to cook. So yeah, I just grabbed and went and ate what I could and definitely was not the smartest. But you know, I'm just trying to burn it off now.
SPEAKER_R: You will
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: eventually, something will happen in your life. You gotta bring something into your life that you lose, you know, no music, you'll
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: never,
SPEAKER_L: there's, I'm trying
SPEAKER_R: you never
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: know what didn't get there, but you'll you'll get rid.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. And I'm trying to realize that there's more important things than that anyway. So you know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there is the inside beauty of a person has a lot more important than the outside beauty because our, our culture is way too focused on on outside beauty instead of the beauty and wonder of what, you know, a miracle person is there to focus on. You know, I'm sure being a psychology, you've seen all the studies about attractiveness and how people favor attractive people over under practice, people in their hiring and stuff. People are hardwired to to want beauty.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And with Photoshop and filters, it's, it's really become a negative place for anyone who's not, you know, Rated at 10 out of 10.
SPEAKER_R: That latest generation of kids that's come out how they're very much into smart phones and addiction and everything and the narcissist um, and the selfies encouraged all that, everything being, um, you know, looking better, what I have to have my meal look wonderful so I can put it up on, I'm gonna, trying to knock everybody, but you know that that's some of that is true and I got this girl, I don't know if it's true, but she was like an influencer and she had this instagram page and she always was going somewhere was fabulous and whatever, but when she ended up getting busted for selling drugs or something, they showed how everything was just a backdrop. She really wasn't in Cancun with her legs in the water, however she did it, she a photograph that a certain way that everything was just a backdrop. So you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: never
SPEAKER_L: believe it.
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: just 25 minutes already. That was pretty fast.
SPEAKER_R: We did okay good. I was going, not trying, you know, trying to push it five, but I was just 1-5 to make sure that we hadn't started late, but if you want to stop, that's fine with me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, that's fine with me too. Well, I hope everything goes well for you and your family. It was nice to chat and we're getting a lot of money for this for like 40 minutes
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: of work.
SPEAKER_R: know this is pretty good. I wish this stuff was around when I was younger, I could do it on the side on the internet well, um, it was a pleasure to meet you as well, and God
SPEAKER_L: You too.
SPEAKER_R: bless you, remember, jesus, loves you. You have a good thing,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You too. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Bye
SPEAKER_R: Dear
SPEAKER_L: bye.