Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Remember. Uh huh. Okay.
Alright, how are you?
Pretty good.
So yes, we didn't really get prompts.
No,
my name's Maya. Yeah.
You too?
Where are
you from?
I'm from pennsylvania.
Yeah. My county is still on like the red phase or whatever. Not the yellow faced. How's Ohio?
yeah. I know like we have construction shut down for a while because my parent works at a construction company and they're starting back up soon so that's good. But I think a lot of like non essential retail is still going to be close for a while so it will be interesting.
Yeah. Are you working from home?
I'm actually I'm a college student so um I had school, I had school for most of april and now I'm done so I'm just staying home but I don't really have any summer jobs or anything lined up yet. So it will be
interesting
because.
Yeah. I'm glad that you still have stuff to do. Has it been hard on your family to be quarantined and all that?
that
must
be
hard,
I'm sorry.
Um I'm studying neuroscience and psychology. I just finished my junior year so Yeah,
I'm trying.
Yes. So it gives you a lot of
options which is nice but at the same time it's very like broad so it's hard to
I think
narrowed down like
what
you wanna
do.
Yeah. It's crazy how much it's gone up. I think my tuition is like 9000 a semester and that's just tuition.
It's
not all the other stuff.
No, I go to pit so it's just a public state school but still expensive.
I have a work
study.
thankfully
I shouldn't
know too much but it's still crazy that you know people go into it a lot of debt just to get an education and like you said you kind of
need a college level education to get a good job and start your career, so.
Yeah, my dad's
in
he
went
throughout, he's a mechanic, so he went to like a trade school for that so and he's
doing
fun, so yeah, it's definitely not for everyone, but
it
is getting more and more competitive.
I think I want to go to grad school and get a PhD and do research at a university because I like teaching and I work in two research labs and I really like that. So I think that will be um
kind
of a clear path for me to go down and then once I have a PhD I can kind of have a little more choices then I would now. But I think I'm gonna take a year off once I graduate and you know, get more experience and narrow down what I want to study and then apply to schools, so.
stuff you can't control.
It's it's really sad to see like everything technology just changed so much. I mean I grew up
with it, but just looking through my parents and stuff like, I don't know if they've just spent so many changes so fast. I can't really wrap my head around all of it.
What?
Well,
I know everyone like talks about how we have all these, you know, we have so many screens to look at all day. And if We had to do this, COVID-19 restrictions like without any technology like you would have to do, you have any more different things to like entertain yourself and life would be really different. I think without all the screens.
Yeah. No, I think nothing can be a physical book. I don't like really reading on, I don't like reading on my laptop. Like I like to print articles out and have the paper copies.
It's just
Yeah, it's it's much easier for me to get distracted. I definitely don't learn as much online and zoom meetings are not my favorite thing to do by far. But when you said like writing stuff down, like a lot of college students now like right on their ipads or just take like hype on their computers. But I still like print everything out. And a lot of professors say like it's better for your memory. Like you retain it better, it's just easier to learn while your handwriting. So it's definitely the minority. But I still handwrite everything. I just think
it's
easier.
I have a little bit of
both.
Yeah.
I write like all my efforts are cursive which is like a weird letter. I'll do like S. S. And P's and just kind of string it all together. It's
quicker
it's quicker to write in cursive and like you said it looks better a lot of the time to.
Yeah
Yeah. And I'm a lefty so I don't think that helps
my
writing.
I just put up with it for the most part like my hand will just get black. Um It's honestly really hard for scissors because they just they genuinely don't work and I just I can't ever cut things out right? But that's like the only big thing like writing and it's not too bad. I just have to, you know, wipe your hands
off. But
cutting and
stuff
this
do
exist. Yeah, I used to have them like when I was little and I would make crafts and stuff, but I kind of just use the right handed ones now. I don't on Yeah, like kitchen scissors and stuff will still work. But yeah, the lefty scissors are nice if you're like into crafting or something like that where you need like clean lines.
There. Yeah. What do you what do you like to do on your stuck inside, wow.
Who
notes?
Yeah, it's cool. It's cold here too. It's still like in the 50s and we were trying to plant stuff too, but it might the ground like harden and all that. But yeah, I don't get to read too much during school because I'm honestly too tired during my free time to read and I just don't
feel
like it. But yeah I've been reading more watching a lot of tv. I'm trying to go on walks and get outside when I can but you know it's so cold. Um Yeah I just hang out with the people I live with and make the best of it. I probably go on my phone too much but been trying
to limit myself.
I have extreme
times on my absence stuff because it's not my favorite thing but it's just a way to pass time.
Yeah it is certainly addicting. It is hard to sometimes I just pick
up my phone impulsively sorry to readjust. Um And I I don't even think about it. I'm just find myself reaching from my phone and I'm like I don't even need to go on that right now.
Yeah. I know. I had an iPhone six for the longest time. And then I just got so like what's the word? Like it's sold all the time but it just wouldn't turn on the battery wouldn't last long at all. It's crazy. The Apple like confessed to slowing down the older phones so that
people
would buy nor ones
Yeah. No. You you really
think
that they
will
and
you get a few
years
out of them.
Yeah. I know. I hope like little purses and
stuff
from
like
when I was a teen and I remember my phone would fit in it and I could put a bunch of stuff in it on my phone. Like doesn't even fit in these little bags anymore. And it like, like you said it doesn't really fit in my pocket and it's like a big
Uh huh and you know
Yeah. Yeah, I'd rather take pictures and call someone.
I understand,
I
think with it,
yeah, it's good that they have those pick up things so that people can really try to be as safe as they can.
that's
Uh huh Yeah, I guess there's worse things. An extra pie.
Yeah. I don't
think I've ever gotten anything like that from there. So. Nice street.
Yes. Yeah, I've been we've been doing drive through a little bit, but I've really been trying to cook more. I mean, I know like you probably are too. But okay.
as a college student, I didn't cook too much because I'm, you know, never home really. So it's been nice to just force myself to learn how to do that more and feel more like
self
sufficient.
No, I learned the hard way to. Yeah. I mean I was on a meal plan freshman year and you know, I didn't have anywhere to cook. So yeah, I just grabbed and went and ate what I could and definitely was not the smartest. But you know, I'm just trying to burn it off now.
No.
And
there's, I'm trying
to
yeah. And I'm trying to realize that there's more important things than that anyway. So you know.
Yeah. And with Photoshop and filters, it's, it's really become a negative place for anyone who's not, you know, Rated at 10 out of 10.
I
believe it.
We
got
just 25 minutes already. That was pretty fast.
Yeah. No, that's fine with me too. Well, I hope everything goes well for you and your family. It was nice to chat and we're getting a lot of money for this for like 40 minutes
of work.
You too.
Yeah. You too. Thank you.
Bye
bye.