Hello.
Uh huh My name,
Can you see me? Good good. My name's Theresa. Mhm.
Nice to meet you as well.
Uh I'm not sure what we're supposed to do. I guess we're supposed to converse about something.
Critics number.
It's
That's why I'm outside in a Cape Job.
Oh boy you guys have been in the news?
Yeah.
Well well that's good then. I
wouldn't want to be in the city that's for
january 20th I'll be glad
really. I am so over it.
but I live I'll tell you a little bit about myself,
I live on seven acres horse ranch and I take in uh I'm actually a horse sanctuary so so I take in old and horses that have been neglected left on the property because somebody's house has gotten foreclosed on things like
that.
So I have ponies. I think my smallest ponies about 26 inches. A real tiny real
time.
They do. They he's
She's a real man.
Yeah, believe me when I walk, because like I said, I'm way out in the country, but uh huh a lot of the little kids will come up to them and stuff, but some of the ponies have been abused and they want nothing to do with kids
body,
but so that's about what I do.
17 quite, that's why I do this. Along
with a couple matter of fact, I've been working for this one place for since all five at home. And I remember when I first started, everybody said, oh you can't make money, it's a scam, actually a slide box. And so like I said, I've been doing it for a long, long, long time and then uh but what would this uh pandemic and stuff? Everybody's doing things at home now. Uh huh.
wow wow.
Yeah
this is, I don't know if you joined Mturk.
Oh yeah I can imagine. Yeah I've been doing them for okay probably four years or something. The money used to be really good. Not so much anymore.
Young.
Yeah. Well you should actually check out live bob's uh can they are always looking for help. They do. I started out with them like I said in oh five almost did that those tv commercials 1 800 by this spoon by this you know and then they have progressed over the years when um sometimes I'll do orders for Pizza Hut, but a lot of it is for uh a major insurance company taking claims. Uh There's just
a big matter of fact they have several uh tell companies, you know when you're stranded, you call them. Um And
especially since uh technology has advanced so much over the years. Um, but there you can make some money, I mean, and it's in half hour increments and you can pick and choose when you want to work.
Um, So it, it has provided me with a good income. I don't do it as much as I used to because of course I'm old. I'm overwhelmed here. It's a ranch, but
also
I pretty much retired out anyway. So, but so how do you, like, have you always lived in philadelphia?
All
people?
Oh really? Where you originally from?
Oh, new york,
Yeah. I started out in Oregon and uh, then became a truck driver. So then I moved to south
Dakota and uh, then I came here to florida because it was so cold in south Dakota.
I mean
it's awful.
you,
it took me years to file out but it gets so hot and so muggy here in florida. That is
just,
that's why you have the snowbird, which I wish I could become. But I'm fortunate unfortunately. I can't. Yeah.
A lot of people from your area come down here a
lot.
Yeah. Yeah, texas isn't bad. Uh But uh I went when I was driving long haul uh hated good. Now Phil P. A was nice. They have nice
truck stops there. I will, but
you get into new york and boston and all that. I just, I thought oh no, oh no it was, it was awful because they're loading doctors small and the traffic is awful and
I
don't
Oh yeah and then you have, you know the Amish and their buggies and I'm afraid that the wind from my truck is going to blow them over and
I can't scoot over because you know, it's only a two lane road and because we're trying to bypass the tall roads and no
good.
So what, what did you take in college
80?
I guess if you go overseas or something that that I wondered some probably coming really hard to become culture.
Oh wow, that'd be interesting.
You
just don't throw them on a shelf,
I never realized that.
I
agree. I agree with you there. Uh
Oh me too. I that's why I do what I do and
and I live on the acreage because
my neighbors are far and few between and
No, no,
only if I hire it. But uh I have a system and just like in the morning I open up the stall doors, put their food in column because there's only, I think like eight that I actually feed the rest just grace and open up their stall doors and they all go into their stalls and giving them meds and whatever else I have to do and then I let him out, you know, So, but I do have a double wide mobile home up front that I ran out, so I have to do that hated it. I bought this place about five years ago and I've been trying to fix it up because it was so it had not
been kept up in years. So I'm living in a single wide back here by the horses and trying to, I mean make a 1970 trailer, look, I'm modern.
Uh huh. I'm sitting there going, I mean, this is how old it is. The bathtub, which, you know, you can't really remodel a bathtub, you know how your great grandmother had that aqua green, green color bathtub? Well that's what this is. And I'm going, oh no, unless I take the bathtub out
have
been,
I guess I'll just paint the walls a little bit off green and have some, but so there's always something to do out here, something that always keep me busy and thank you, especially with the pandemic and now
I know, do you have kids?
What? Yeah, I can imagine. I think that's why they call it the terrible too.
No,
no, no.
Well that's good, that's good.
and then positive
energy
and then
Yeah, I bet, I bet it is. Yeah,
Yeah, I can see it, I can
didn't work 18 72. Meeting with
that
ground.
that is gorgeous,
Oh, that is beautiful.
Do
you have
wolf? It's gorgeous.
It
is
that would be to die for that, is that
exactly. That's always how it works. But you guys have done a beautiful job.
that staircase looks like uh gone with the wind type.
Like it would be
that
that would do it. That would be the selling.
The only point there, I hope.
I know the feeling, I'm sitting there going, oh man, if I look at this much longer, okay, I better just get out and do it. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh, I had to replace all the windows and the single wide, because they were the roll, roll out. Mhm. No,
so I went to Lowe's and and they were little itty bitty windows and uh I call this a friend of mine who's a handyman and Theresa, he goes, these windows are much bigger, but they're also like wider. I don't care. I said
I
can't deal with these draft. He went up windows. I feel like I'm on a little boat.
All
And
No.
why not flush on the outside?
But they are in the inside. I don't care what it looks like outside. Uh
depends obviously, and because there's only just like uh half an inch between me and the world, you know,
that's a bath. I mean the good thing is being that since I'm in a hurricane center,
uh the guy that brought the trailer in, he worked for the phone company and I have six telephone poles on each side of the trailer, so it's not going anywhere. So this is the safest place I could ever
be, you
know?
Well, that's
what
it is. One of the main reasons I remodeled that. Not only that because it would be a complete disaster trying to get it out because I can't get it out going forward because there's a fence and somebody else owns the property. So I have to totally dismantle it. So I thought, no, is he what windows? And I'm not because we had a big hurricane several years ago and I felt the trailer ship, it's real quick. And so the next morning I opened up the front door and I thought, oh, the gap is a little bit wider from the porch, but it's not gonna go anywhere, it's, it's going to bounce back and forth.
Oh yeah, he built this uh, have a huge trade era barn. They had 16 stalls, couple watch racks. I mean it's huge and he built that 1972 it and it doesn't leak and it's just, he built it out of telephone poles and
Cyprus. And so it's a matter of fact, they used them and the neighbors used to all go in there. Um, during the hurricane they bring their vehicles in there and stuff. It has shutters. I mean, how many barns have shutters? You know, and, and
it has doors at each end. They just closed the doors and has electricity water, you know, and you had refrigerator and everything in there. So they guess
whether,
whether it out during the hurricane, thanks.
Well, I'm so used to it.
You know, we're gonna have a category one, No big deal while you mention it.
well it's kind of like going this Category two. Okay, I'll stock up with some water, you know. Okay. Hurricane three, I better get some food to, to go with. Well now you are. But now, see, I came from Oregon gets a lot of earthquake, especially when they come up from California and that there, there's nothing to prepare for,
well
they're gone and you either make it or you don't,
you know now. And just like I was in Washington state when Mount ST Helens when I
and that was interesting. But
oh yeah, I was right. I was on the west side of where who allow that was um, I was just, I think I was about 75 miles from it, but it all
blew east. Um,
and we got a lot of ask a lot of ass. Uh, I mean it just, it looked like somebody stomped on it. And I took, I mean the river, the cowlitz river, um, cancer with the mill up there. Uh, and all their equipment came down, the river houses. I mean just, it was just, and we knew it was going to go off. I mean we had warnings and but they thought it was going to go off in a different direction. Well you don't know. Uh Okay. No and I mean that was uh completely opposite than what they said, you know? But each has its own weather difficulties and
step.
Oh yeah. It was a matter of fact I had 100 and 50 gallons aquarium, freshwater aquarium. And I had my window opened a cab because of the humidity didn't and stuff and uh some ash got in there and instantly killed all my fish. Great, you know?
yeah, I lost a couple of school friends up there because they were camping up there and
they were in the yellow zone which was the safety zone. And since it didn't go up exactly, you know, there
were step of lives that were lost and
visit.
but if but it was wild. Uh so hurricane really after mount ST helens I don't mind. And and I'll tell you what Floridians hate to get wet. And
so what they do, they do that when I do my shopping because being from Oregon, you know, it rains all the time
went on and then they just, I don't know why why they hate
it. But I go into the grocery store, hardly anybody. Is there anybody is on the road? You know? So that's alright.
Oh I know thinking you know, range
all the time in the summer and
But uh Yeah. Right.
Or the book.
I
see him on the news, you know, it's like really windy. Their umbrellas are
inside out. I mean, you know, probably
I remember I have really, my mom, for some reason started a second family. Uh, and so there's like a 20 year gap between me and my little brother and sister or at the time they, oh, we're living in Idaho R Utah. They were living in Utah and it snowed but you still went to school and they moved to Oregon and being the, I mean even Utah real hilly and everything Oregon
gets a little. I mean you still see the grass and on the school and you know, my
mom told the kids, well there's no school because of the snow snow. We still see the grass. I mean, I mean at the beginning it was a whole adjustment to him because you know, and then it was, why is it rain all the time here? There
I should go to school And here, what was it two days ago, a tropical storm? They shut the school down. I think this wind was only 45 miles an hour. Come on. I mean I
have my hand out the window, you know, going down the highway at 80. Come on.
Well
And from and from the basement. Yeah, it is. I mean the country is so big and everything and each, you know little, I mean section, you know, midwest southwest that everybody has own, you know, climate issues and stuff.
I
know it. I mean here I am down here in 80 degree weather europe.
I don't think I've seen 45 in years eight lines or temperature wife. Yeah. Okay.
uh, so
yeah, it sounds
like you have an interesting life up there and I
just,
I liked it when I was out there. I did it in the latter eighties and nineties. As when one of the few women out
there.
It was, yeah. So it made it more interested.
Oh yeah, I've seen quite a few. Get him out of my mind. Yeah. Yeah. So, but once again, I love your house and you guys
down
there.
Yeah, that staircase would just be running up and down.
But yeah, I've enjoyed this. I was wondering how it was going to turn out and step well now. So I guess we're I guess we can turn off now.
I just want to make sure we went over a little bit.
They they are real my understanding is they are picky on it.
But
like I said, you should check out this live box. And it's
because they paid pretty good. A lot of bonuses. A lot of bonuses. And especially with the holidays coming up. And then they also have transcription you can do uh So they have a variety of different
types.
I think it it's not all selling.
Yeah. Yeah. Because uh they have certain some people uh you know, call in and give their information to buy something. So you just do addresses, other others are more detailed. And you have to transcribe paragraphs and step and those pay a lot better, a lot better. So.
Yeah. Yeah. No problem. And you have great holidays.
same here you have a good
day.