Hello
and
to meet you.
My name is Nikki. Uh huh.
About anything I guess.
Where are you? Where
are you talking to me from? Okay.
it looks nice out. It's it's cold and raining here in philadelphia
A lot of time floor. Yeah I
live sort of on the outskirts of town so it's been pretty quiet in my neighborhood.
Well
no yeah I mean it's been it's been mostly positive but positive energy but you know I'll be glad when all this is behind us so. Uh huh.
Yeah me too. I'm just counting the days to be honest.
Yeah me too. I'm exhausted. Yeah.
No.
there
is bare.
I
didn't know I didn't know they came that tomorrow.
Well uh
that's so cute. My my toddler would love to see a pony that small.
Yeah that's
that's understandable.
How many how many do you have?
One.
I only just started this like like less than two weeks ago. Yeah.
Oh
single
no, I I tried to but they said like uh they'll let me know when there's an opening or something.
Yeah, I actually I did it when it first started in like 2000 and six, I used it, I was active on it and I remember making like I was in college so I was just
sort of extra spending money but it added up really quickly um and then I kind of lost track of it and I didn't even know it was still around until recently and I tried to sign up again and then they they stay put me on the wait list basically.
Mom
No.
Well,
my
mom
No but it's
been about
15 years now so I moved here after college and just never left so
um new york actually
not one more any far um Yeah
Well.
Yeah I can imagine
my
yeah my mom my mom is from Minnesota and her whole family I
visited a few times. I know how cool.
you
were.
yeah. Yeah I haven't I've never been to florida. Yeah.
yeah
it's a common thing here. Um Yeah I haven't really been to the south much at all honest, they've been to texas which I guess is more southwest, that's pretty, yeah.
it won't.
Well
went
from
extremely, yeah I can imagine sometimes when I see like a big truck trying to navigate these like very old small Philly roads I was it was painful just to look at.
No.
Sounds like you get to see a lot of things I guess in that line
of work. Yeah.
Um English actually
very useful. Uh huh.
But actually I did I I became a librarian. Yeah.
Yeah. It was it is interesting work. I like it. Um I do more of the behind the scenes work. So um when the books are like we order the books and when they arrive we process them. You know we put the little call number stickers on them and well the data that people look at on the catalog. So there's a lot of little pieces that people don't don't really know about.
But
no, every book on the shelf represents like a couple of hours of like work that we do.
Yeah. So I always was interested in that process. So I like doing that behind the scenes stuff. I do some stuff talking with the patrons like in the public, but um I prefer just doing the work by myself.
One.
More of a solitary person. I guess
we're
war.
Yeah, that's nice. Do you have help on the ranch
done?
Well,
when the century?
it's
hard
to do too much with that.
we've been home a learn more.
Yeah. I have one daughter who's um to Mhm. Just use
Yes, she just over the terrible twos phase of um no matter what you can give her exactly what she wants and she'll still have a tantrum. Yeah, it's just like there's no no avoiding
it.
Um But she she starts starting and she talks a lot. She runs she was very happy. So
she keeps me happy because without her she has no idea what's going on with the pandemic and the election. Of course she is this like source of like Joel
what?
On
it's 1/4 all of the extra effort.
Yeah. We also we bought we bought our house about five years ago and um you said yours is from 1970 ours is 18 70 and um gets a lot of work
where
you
have to
see the staircase in the back.
Yeah it's cool. I mean it has it got kind of stripped of some character like 20 years ago but the staircase is original and it's got some feelings which is nice but
yeah we're
kind
of hustling to bring it into the 21st century.
no,
thank
you. Yeah,
yeah, I I I grew up in a house that was built in in the 19 sixties and right next door was a beautiful victorian house and I wanted to live in an old house and now it's like be careful what you wish for,
thank you, thank you
basically.
and I think we were staircases, why I wanted to buy the
I want to do the Syracuse.
where?
um so yeah, we've been doing work and that's one reason I started doing some of this um these research studies and things to just help get some extra money to, you work on the house a little bit more so especially since we're here all the time. Uh huh. Starting to really want to make some improvements.
I can't stand the sticky window anymore.
mm
Them
with
yeah, no. Seriously? Yeah, they 22 windows in our back room every time it rains it just water just pours
in basically
and just like, I don't know anything about windows. So I had the person come out and he took one look at them and he was like, well these are installed like totally wrong mm
like they're they're not flush with the outside, their like pushed in and they just like cop around it and there's no ringing cap and mm
rina.
Uh huh
Oh, I agree.
Well,
Well
that's
fine, that's
harry
for
Yeah, wow, that's so smart with the telephone poles.
What?
well
that's
that's smart.
I always it seems like it's uh I don't even know the word for it is living in a place where hurricanes are so common that just must be so difficult
more
whoa mhm
No, I can't do
anything.
Well there's no word, no warning
Well we're really
did you did you see anything?
Well
Yeah.
that's
true, that's true. Yeah, I've seen footage of Mount ST Helens and it's that was that's wild that you got that you saw at first hand
Well well
Well
one
you
want to Oh
All
bring
what?
Oh funny. I would have thought they because they do get a lot of rain that they wouldn't they wouldn't mind
what
or uh huh
in Philly don't know how to deal with snow at all. Like
I went, I'm coming from new york state and going to school and absolute new york like it snows a lot. They're not as much as Minnesota but still like I can handle like driving in snow. I understand like a snowstorm isn't like the end of the world. I'm feeling I mean it rains to its nose two inches in the whole city shuts down the transit system stops on, I'm sliding on the road. I'm just like, I don't
I don't,
no
yeah Philly doesn't know that it lives in a cold climate. Like they don't, they don't know how to do plowing here. It's just like on.
Well
and
It shouldn't let us know if you can still see the ground.
well.
wow. It's all relative. I guess. I was here like a 45 mile
an hour. Wind is like high alert like everyone, everyone.
totally different like desert and then like six ft of snow in boston
and
Yeah, like it's 45 degrees here today. So
you have it. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Well,
well
it was, it was very interested to meet a horse farmer and a truck driver.
I
can imagine.
Yeah, you can unlock the stories so.
Thank
you.
Thank you so much.
What? Every time? Yeah.
I think it's been the 25 minutes. So
yeah. I need to
yeah they were they were very very firm about the instructions. So
what?
I wrote it down actually so.
Hang
on
I've been interested in transcription actually so I might I might look into that today.
Yeah. You know, thanks for the tip.
Thanks. Used to really nice meeting you.
You
too. Bye bye.