Hello?
Thanks. Hello. I'm good, how are you
from? Uh cal
um southern California. How
about you?
We're in North cow or are there a lot of like fires and stuff still going up?
Yeah. Things got better.
It's kind
of like
All of the ash everywhere. That must suck. Huh?
Um So we're like near L. A. Yeah.
Have you been to places like Irvine Spectrum or South Coast Plaza?
Those are like pretty nice spots of your visiting.
They're just like huge shopping plazas and they got like tons of food places that like
you can't really find anywhere else.
Torrance there's like a lot of mochi doughnut places like you have to try um Oci doughnut if you're in.
Yeah. They're like if you google emoji doughnut, it's like a doughnut that's like separated into little balls that you like rip apart. That's pretty cool.
Alright lets the ice cream. Is this yeah
for the name but I don't know.
Six.
Yeah. So um what do you do in your day to day life?
That's
true.
the
That sounds pretty interesting. Did you get a degree in anything related to making cannabis or?
I'm a college student right now. Yeah.
Yeah
I'm kim major and I'm mina ring in math. I'm in my third year. Yeah
cal state Fullerton.
Maybe you've heard that? Oh so you're not like from California? You're
just here where you like
mm. Yeah I mean yeah in uh in real we don't go in person classes for most classes. Like there are in person classes but I don't have any that are but I do work in the lab so I have to like come some days. Yeah.
Really? Any woman to wear a mask
and you have to wipe
down everything you touch every, every 20 minutes you gotta wipe it down.
Before Covid I had interesting classes. It was just like normal school, you know?
And then
I thought we were going to use zoom. So like I was looking through the emails for this, this in this conversation, like where's the zoom link,
you know? Mhm,
I thought I said that we use zoom in the initial survey. But guess what?
From
online school it's so boring. You know? Yeah. You don't have that same interaction and you don't make friends as evil.
Yeah. Like no one, no one has their webcam on or anything. So you just see the professor they're talking and
sometimes you like feel really bad for the professor because you know like most of them really like the interaction but there for themselves.
I mean there's always going to be people that that will like talk with the professor, you know, I like interacting with them, but you know like if you can imagine a classroom, they're like any questions and like no one's like people are just shaking their
head, they don't say no awkward silence Anzu, so they're just like okay yeah,
you know
that
you
could
in a moment Yeah, good
and
yeah, I mean they've already announced for me at least uh we're going to be online for this whole academic year, so
like well may we're going to be online.
like some
places
will be in person, but like mine are
just
I
mean
I mean I wasn't everyone to like party or drink or anything so I never really cared about the party aspects, but I just like meeting new people, you know?
It's just like everything has been reduced to meeting up on zoom and talking for a bit. And then, yeah.
So like I like to be a part of kem club where we would like show off pretty fun experiments where we make pretty colors or explosion fires now the crowd. But now we're just like, hey guys, we're on zoom. We got like a special guest, like a professor from some other school here to talk about their life. That's it.
Yeah, I wish we could do that.
Yeah.
So
Oh yeah, I get like their noses exposed and stuff
like
That's the sad thing that like the mask doesn't do much to help yourself. It's there. So like you help others. So like
if they're not
wearing their list.
I mean like I work in my own like majors field work. So it's like, I don't
know,
I don't know the retail environment and stuff, but you know,
I see
this
movie.
Mhm. You ever work like retail or fast food, stuff like that?
Because
like someone
means,
like my friends, they worked in like staples and Mcdonald's and stuff to like make some money to buy a computer and they're like, man customers are just like so rude sometimes. For no reason. Yeah.
What?
Can
I feel you
were you always like a prolific user before?
Do you follow like the beer money? Several? Mhm.
Yeah. I've been here for maybe a month. Like I'm pretty new. It's like I used to be on swag books. I don't know if you ever use that.
Like
I used to be like dedicated to swag books, like downloading games and doing their surveys and crap, but like I found prolific when I was just reading through Reddit
was
like
one month. I made more money on here than swag books in like two months, you know?
Yeah.
And
he's
having
sat through it.
The
extension.
Winter, like about the ballots now, Like the different proposition.
Mhm. Oh you mean like the presidential and vice president?
I'm
like
if these are candidates will fuck you know
shit. I mean I did have some fun ones where where it was just like testing your eyesight. Like if you can see a triangle is tilted or not like if the triangles tilted, you press the side arrow. If it's not tilted you press the up arrow. That's pretty cool.
I'm here.
I'm
doing,
it sounds like my math classes.
Four. I'm doing a weird one right now where it's like I take a picture of the outfit I'm wearing for the day.
everything. Mhm. So it's like I mean I don't take a picture of myself like I just like like it just tells you to lay out the clothes, you know?
Yes. In the morning they they'll send me like uh what a study and then we like take a picture of your outfit. And then like after like in the afternoon the send a follow up survey. It's like how did you feel during the day and basketball?
Three or four days? I don't remember.
But
today
is the first day of it. Yeah,
I wear the same thing every day. You know I wear a T shirt and sweats because when I go to, when I do my work in the lab, I'd put on a lab coat anyway. So doesn't really matter what I wear. Mhm.
Like discovering
this.
Yeah, I was contemplating that, but I'm like, I don't have that much formal clothes. Yeah.
my clothes is really playing like it's just like a T shirt
at the pocket.
it
was like
120 something spots on the study when I looked, when I like reserved a spot. So not many.
It is
your first I hadn't
won from stanford where I like it was like, you know, the first part was just a normal questions and then we we assume so that one we assume so that's why I was confused why there wasn't a zoom for this one and we, we like talk to a google home like really? Yeah, we're like ok, google, like what's the weather like in northern California tomorrow?
We played with google home for half an hour?
Yeah, they give you like a list to ask and then you have to like write down the answer.
I think they're trying to like optimize how google home responds to you. I guess that's what they're trying to do. I'm not sure.
No, I lived in in the so called bubble my whole life, you know?
I was supposed
I was supposed to go to Delaware this summer to work, but
mhm,
problem
Oh yeah, that's so sick.
Yeah, I'm sure you'd prefer a home, right? Like just like a stable,
like I want
to live in.
That's so cool.
Of course,
It's so cool though.
That's
such a spontaneous life
fishing.
I mean, you know, like, I like how you said your like your double my age, I just want to say like I'm not even old enough to drink,
right. Yeah, you never told to have fun though. You know, I mean
it's
in the leg
is
I just, you know, I just don't want to get older, I just want to stay at home and play video games, but just like I say,
pressure
we see it because like at college, you know, most people they're like they're majoring in something like they were pressured to major into and they're like just completely unhappy.
Don't
you?
some people are just you know it's like it's hard because your whole life you're just hot like this is how you're going to live life and just deviating from that's like
what's
going.
No.
it was great you know.
Person
you're living the life in an RV traveling across the U. S. You know,
you're not really chained down to one spot.
I
can totally see what I can totally see why you know. Yeah
Yeah. Mhm.
First
has it been? I just I just took a midterm right before this zoom session. I
don't
really want to take a nap. Yeah.
Uh then I got to like do my work that's due before tomorrow because I got a lab tomorrow. So I gotta write more stuff for that.
Yeah, I'm probably gonna take a nap and then like wake up and do it real quick.
Yeah. My boss
is going to clean. Okay.
In.
I love
what?
Yeah. How do we close this then?
Open
them?
All
right. I'm not seeing a blue arrow. So maybe if you do go ahead and do that, maybe it'll like take me there too since it will like end the chat.
No, I don't actually
like that. Like the whole tablet disappeared. When, when um, this video chat started. So I'm not sure. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah.
Car.
Here.
Yeah. So you know if you disappear, it was
and then how are you,
jenny
nestor?
What is the Great? There was a great 41. Yeah.
Thank
you.
We'll visit some cool places and get some cool food, you know. Mhm.
Take
care of your health as you said,
All right, nice meeting you.