mm. Please. Mhm. Mhm.
Hello how are you?
My good where are you?
Where
I'll
be in northern California.
Yeah it's not been great. We had some rain yesterday or the day before so that was good. Um But it's been a little smoky. Not good but I'm on the coast so it's okay. But there are a few days that yeah it wasn't good.
I
hope
so too after the after the rain it was okay. But yeah those few days when it's like when you walk around outside and it smells like a campfire all over the entire town. That's not fun. Oh
we didn't have too much ash and here not here on the coast anyway because the fires are kind of far away it's just the smoke comes over. So where in socal are you?
I know the area a little bit. I've been I've been all over the country so I've been to L. A. A couple of times to um oh shoot so I'm gonna forget where I was. I don't remember what parts of L. A. It's a big place.
No. Yeah.
Okay. What's what are they like? Like what's there like
And.
Okay. Okay. Oh I know where my aunt lives in torrents, you know your tolerance. Yeah so I've stayed there before. Um It's not that exciting. Okay. Uh
moochie doughnut?
Oh my god yes I'm totally doing that. I'm a total foodie too. So that's like I've never even heard I love mo gee I love doughnuts. Like how can you?
Yeah. Um You don't find that around here. Um I'm in Arcade. I don't know if you know our Qaeda Eureka?
Yeah this is this is humboldt County, so this is cannabis world of California and
it's tiny little towns. But um there's no like you might be you'll get pizza and some chinese food if you're lucky. But in fast food everywhere. But there's no there's no not like L. A. Area there's no good um food choices. It's very sad actually. Yeah. Yeah.
Well
I
work in the cannabis industry, that's what you have
to do when you're here. There's nothing else to do. I mean like you can do other things but not anything like that exciting. I do production, which means you put jar stickers on jars. That's what I do most of my days is put stickers on thousands of jars. It's very exciting.
No, no, no I have no experience in, I'm here just because like there's work uh and there's lots of work because it's such a big, I mean the industry is huge and this is the epicenter of it, so it's a good place to find work. Um But I have no experience like growing or anything like that. What do you do?
yeah. What
are you studying?
What college?
Okay. I don't know I mean I don't know anything about I'm like as if I'm like asking as if I know anything about California universities
now.
it's a long story but I want to hear more about how you're are you doing like online schooling? Are you going into classes?
yeah.
Of
party?
Yes. Oh my God it's such a nightmare. Oh so you don't say even before covid you didn't have in in person classes or that's only since.
Right that's what I was thinking. Okay so now
it's just like all oh God
I
know how to do some. Yeah
I don't remember, I don't remember at all. Um
That's pretty cool. So how are you liking it?
That's going to be really hard. That's gonna be really hard. So is it like how is it like is a zoom like the classes, it just like a zoom screen with a bunch of head, like everybody's screen is showing or do you only see the professor?
google.
And like people like raise their hand on zoom and like ask questions and stuff or no, it's just like lectures or?
But
awkward silence on zoom sounds awful. That was like
how I got through college was like my classmates, you know like you go and like I think that's how I passed. I mean not that I didn't cheat or anything, but how you how I passed classes was like you're
sitting
next
to somebody and you're like I do not understand what's going on at all, and the person next to you is like like you know, and like you help each other out. Yeah that's how I went through college.
man.
I hope for your sake it doesn't last long. Mhm.
Shit.
huh. Because for some they're reevaluating right? Like they're going to re evaluate after thanks few months
or
something.
It's
like no, they're like no no no no no. Oh that's awful. I'm sorry. I don't know how you're gonna uh it's not
how you
understand your college years. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah that's how you mean like that's what caught like you just go you're walking down campus or the halls or whatever and you're just like meeting people right? Like it's just like it's just so many or all the extracurricular activities and stuff. Do you do are you able to do anything like that? Like any doesn't even have anything.
That's
You could do like experiments like everybody has their experiment on their zoom you know in their in their whatever in their dorm room.
Oh I'm sorry. That is that's so depressing. That is so depressing. Yeah.
Oh it's been an interesting world in the world of work to that. Like I wear a mask eight hours a day now at work. I have to like it sucks. Really? That had and
then there's like everybody is like half wearing their masks.
Like every single I work at a couple different places and at one place like every single person does that. And I'm like why are you even wearing a mask? But
they have to in case like inspectors come through or you know some because it's I don't know. And I'm like one of the few people like I have the mask on because I don't know where they've been. I don't know what these people are doing in their life. I don't know.
I'm
wearing
it. I know. And that's why like, I haven't, like I didn't go into the work. Like, I mean I took this job because I needed to work like Covid canceled other work plans and so I needed a job but and I didn't want to, like, I almost went to work at amazon and then like every people, they're like, amazon doesn't care like people are getting infected and stuff like that or whatever. And I'm like, oh, and I said, I don't want to work with the general public and but here I am in this like it's a small company, there's like 15 of us and they all walk around with the mask below their nose. Like, I don't know if I, you know, like, I don't know what to do. You got to make money. Like you're still, I mean, I don't know if you work at all or not, but
it's
different.
No sucks when
you
get out
in the real world, it sucks really bad. I just want to tell you sorry.
I won't ever, I won't ever like, I will be homeless on the side of the street before that I
hope
not.
I hope not. Well
That was like, just just like so much like anger and hate and they just like take it out on random strangers because there's no consequences. Like you can yell as loud as you want at the staples employee and like what's going to happen, The manager is going to be like, maybe eventually the manager will be like, oh, you have to leave. You know? But it's just ruined your whole day. Thank you. I won't do it. Yes, I did
it for many, many, many years and I can't handle people. Which is why I went to work for this company because there's like you know 15 people. It's a small company. It's very you know it's not there's no I'm not dealing with the general public at all. Just like the other employees that work in the company. But I don't know it's fine now. Got to make
money.
Oh can I do something?
Um I have been for oh a couple months. Um Yeah. So I I don't know. Um I think I saw on Reddit involved like I don't know.
Random. And they don't even drink. Which is really funny. But just all it's always got um I think it was beer money. It was something like that. One of those things. Yeah. What about you?
I think I tried to and I think I got really annoyed. I
don't know.
And
you found
it on Reddit? To
right? Yeah. That's how I was using um What was I using? Surveymonkey I think was the one that I tried and it was awful like half the time the surveys don't even show because you do do you do it on your phone, like it's an app and it's just like the surveys show up sideways and like you it freezes half the time. And I have like message like I would like you know customer support I'd be like the survey just froze in the middle of it or the survey showed up sideways on the screen, you know? And they're like oh there's nothing we can do about it. And I'm like yeah okay.
And they're like we don't have any control over what surveys come through our thing. And I'm like, yeah, you do like you just don't want to make the effort. So I I don't know, it was awful. I got very, very irritated and I don't want to be irritated. So politics been great. I haven't, I mean, I don't I'm sure I haven't made a ton of, I mean, I made a good amount of money, but like, it's so easy like if I'm on like, because I do writing and stuff too, and I just have it up, you know? And like,
do
you
have the
do
you
have the extension? Yeah, that's pretty cool. I like that. I like that. And I like the studies too. That's the other thing that I'm finding like, I don't know if you like doing like, I've just done some really interesting studies, which um
yeah, some of them have been about, there's a ton of covid ones, and then after the debates, there was a couple of debate ones and that was I was like it socked.
Yeah. I got I got a couple of those surveys and I was like, oh, they're
like,
how do you feel? And I'm like, like shit,
wow, I don't feel good. Here's the survey for the american public. This is crap.
that's cool. I did I did one that I didn't understand. It was like a but it's also like, it was like how you see like geometric shapes or something. I don't know if you saw that one. It was like,
it was like, you know how when like you fold the box, I should actually know this because I fold boxes on my job. But it's like has the like outline of the box and like what shape will the box be like when you fold it? And I couldn't figure it was just too like abstract. And I was just like I don't know, I don't know. And I was just like selecting answers because I could not and I said you know when they often they give you their like you wouldn't leave any feedback and I was like yeah I didn't understand any of it. Like I think you might have figured that out by my answers but I could not like I don't know what the I don't know what the survey was trying to figure out. Like if you can comprehend things, I don't know mm If you can
see something
abstract and see what the finished shape will be. Navy or something like that. I assume some people have that ability. I don't Apparently
Right? Yeah. I felt like I was in math class or something and I didn't like it.
Really? This is a paralympic,
Whoa, that's a fun one.
that is a fun one. I wish I had that one. How long is it for? Like how what's the,
that
said
that?
Yeah. Are you like picking, like, are you like being really careful about what you pick now? Are you like, Oh, I better wear that shirt because that's like
mm that's awesome. So they're going to be like, he was the same thing, He was the same thing,
It was
the same thing. Uh huh Yes, That's funny. I do. If it was me, I'd be like, oh boy better like pick like the nice shirt that doesn't you know that? I don't know, fascist.
I wouldn't even I don't know, I don't know how or I'd pick like maybe one of my funny t shirts you know like a t shirt that has something like interesting or fun or I don't know something on it like but
that
is weird. That's funny. I wonder how many people there studying with that one and that's going to be interesting to see like
what
they
Yeah, I totally wish I'd seen that one. That's so cool. I haven't done anything cool like that, I've just done like the answer, the question ones, I haven't done anything that's like longer, this is the only the first one that I've done that's like longer
than
or
what
uh just asking all kinds of questions or like and like
mm that's interesting, they're trying to see if google home answered correctly or like understood or
uh huh mhm It's interesting, have you ever been up to northern California before?
You've got to get out? So clouds
I know but
that didn't happen. Yeah,
well I'm a, so my thing is that I'm a I'm a nomad um what do we call ourselves now, digital nomads because I work on the road um but I travel like I don't have a permanent residence um and I have an RV which is
why the lighting is all weird. Um
Yeah, it's not, I mean it's it's uh I'm not going to show it to
no,
no,
this is my choice, this is entirely by choice,
I could have a stable, I've lived in apartments, I mean and I'm probably twice your age so at least um I've done the whole apartment thing, I've done the jobs thing, I've done the 9 to 5 thing, I've done it for a long, long, long, long time and I hated every second of it, not every second, I hated a lot of it. Um I love traveling. So I, now that you can get like now that there's like a hotspot, like I have my Verizon and I'm using a hot spot right now now that you can like travel and like be like in a parking lot somewhere or out in the woods somewhere and you can still get internet. Like the only reason I didn't do this when I was younger is because I didn't know how it's like impossible to find it impossible to find work, but it's harder to find work and like the self sufficient in that way. So now I can now I go everywhere and um I'm from the east coast. But I was in,
yeah, I ended, I didn't mean to be in California, this is totally I was in Arizona when Covid hit and then I stayed in Arizona in the desert because that seemed like a good choice, a safe place. And then uh Arizona got really hot and so I left and I just drove north and that's what I did. That's how I like, and that's how we ended up in working, putting stickers on boxes of cannabis, didn't
plan it at all. Um It just happened, but it's good. It's
very,
yeah, it can be a little spontaneous. It's a little uh not everybody likes this type of living, I
all day, I wouldn't do it any other way, but it has its moments, but even when you live in an apartment and have a like 9 to 5 job, like it has, it's moments like it's not just, you know, like there are times out here that it's a little rough for uh funding places to stay. Covid really made things difficult. Um You can't go to libraries anymore or Starbucks, like what the hell? Like that was my anyways, this whole story. But yeah, but you can do anything now that you can get internet everywhere if you can do your job and now that everything is like online, everybody is doing their school and they're doing their jobs via zoom now anyway. So as long as you can go somewhere well, you can be zoom. Like you can get zoom, you can work or go to school from anywhere almost. Yeah, just a thought.
Okay, more than wh Oh
no, no, no,
no.
Here's
I'm going to give you a little secret. Is this something I wish I knew when I was younger, no matter how old you get, you never feel like you're as old as you are. Like, I still feel like I could, like I'm 21 or 25 or 30 you know, like you age and you mature when you learn lessons and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But like when you meet people who are in their sixties or the seventies and eighties and you're like, oh, they're old and they're different or whatever. They're still like 20 in their head. Like, seriously? They're still like 30 20 they're just like young and they're just like, looking in the mirror going, what the hell happened? Like how did this happen? It just happens. So age is totally doesn't mean anything. That's what I, and that's the whole, anything of that. I don't, like I have friends who are in their twenties, I have friends who are in their seventies, like age doesn't make any difference in any of it if you connect. So yeah, so that's my two cents on life. Yeah.
I wish you could. I totally wish you could that. I'm sorry to say it doesn't like I don't want it like it, you know, some people I don't know just follow your path. Like don't let other people tell you what your path is because
everybody will tell you what your path is and they will make you feel shit for wanting to have a different task and then you'll feel like shit because you're not doing what you want to do. So just you know, do what you want. Like we don't work people or anything please if that's what you do, you know like
Yeah. And then you go and work a job in that major and it sucks even worse because you don't want to be there or you can't find a job in that major and then you feel like crap because that's what you studied for or there's a million like the world tries to tell your society tries to tell you there's one path like you go to college. Yeah. Job, you work that job, you buy a house, you get married, you have some babies whatever like blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. And then when you're 65 you get to retire and then you get to do whatever you want. Don't wait just don't wait. Just do I don't know whatever I mean yeah there are things you want to do, do them like don't because I don't even know if you're gonna make it to 60. I mean that's awful thought but
we don't
know if we're gonna make it to 65 then like what like everybody I know says to me, oh my God, I wish I could do what you're doing. And I tell them why the hell aren't you? Because it's not magic. It's not magic at all. It's that I said to myself, honey, I'm not doing it. Like I'm just doing what I want. You know, like not not like selfishly, but just you got to make yourself happy. You got to like, you know, it's going to work 9 to 5 is sucks and you just can't handle it and don't do it. There's other options. Okay. Oh,
Let me
tell
you, I'm 44 now, outside now. I tell you I'm 44 and only in the last four years have I done what I want? And I like wish I had done it so much sooner. Like I knew I wanted to do this when I was in my twenties, but I tried to like, do what people told me to do, you know? Like, that's what I'm saying. I worked those 9 to 5 jobs, I worked for big corporations and every day I went into work and I was like, I hate this so much, but this is like, if I don't do this, people will think I'm a failure or people will think there's something wrong with me or people will think, you know, I was just so concerned about what people think and you just get in because they're going to think their thoughts and has nothing to do with you, like, and they're just thinking their thoughts because that's what society has taught them to think, you know, and so
many people told me I would fail. Like, so many people were like, you're gonna die, you're gonna get robbed, you're gonna get an accident, you're gonna like you can't travel by yourself as a woman like blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. But there was a million like the things that people don't yeah and if I listened then I'd still be like totally unhappy somewhere and I didn't listen thank God and like the best choice I ever made because it's what I wanted to do. So anyways and now some of those people, my dad in particular, my dad thought I was going to like be murdered like within a week. He was certain of it and he's like oh maybe I should get an RV. And I said yeah dad yeah exactly. Now do you see that I can do it. He's like maybe I could the just don't ever let people tell you okay. Yeah. Anyways there I don't mean just like blah blah blah blah blah. But
but again on my ted talk and do a lecture about following your dreams and not letting people bring you down, you know, and a lot of people like when they tell you that you can't do something, what they're really saying is that they can't do it. Like when my dad said to me like you're going to fail, he was talking about himself, he wasn't talking about me because he doesn't know whether I'll fail. Not. He knew that if he tried to do it on his own, he probably wouldn't be successful not. And so he worried that I wouldn't be like it was because he had his own fears that were about his ability. He didn't think I could do it. So now he sees me doing it and he's like, oh it's possible, you know like that data and a lot of times people just like they're telling you their fears, they're not it doesn't always have anything to do with you itself. That's true. Those are the life lessons of the old lady
and being a man.
Yeah, it's
No, nope. Um Covid has made it difficult so there are complications and struggles and things that uh unexpected. But you know when you got wheels underneath you you can just go somewhere else. Although I wish I could go to Canada. I don't think Canada's open their border yet, don't honest, they don't want us. But
anyways.
I know right. Yeah, I don't blame them, I'm just really bummed, I can't go. Mhm mm.
How many ways shall we wrap things up? I
know. How long has it been? Yeah.
brain
fried?
Your brain is about to shut down, then
we're gonna do that tonight.
Oh my goodness, I'm so envious of that. Also cherish the time that you can do things like that, take a nap and then wake up and do something that ends sadly. That ends where you take a nap and then like 10 hours later you wake up and you're like oh
that's
that sucked. Um And oh yeah here's okay, I'm not gonna I'm trying not to be like to preach and take care of your health. Always take care of your health. Holy shit even if you do take care of yourself like things just happen that are like one day you're like leaning down to pick up something and you can't stand up very well and you're like what the hell happened? And it's just like all your body's like mm sorry? Uh huh. I was not prepared for that. I just like
I've lived my whole life. Like my body is gonna just always work perfectly. Doesn't work that way sadly. So just take care of your health. You can't because once that goes like if your health got like what do you have? Like if you're not like you know I know it probably seems like totally out like it will be a million years but those things sneak up on you so you got another 20 years you'll be fine. But mhm. You don't want to like wake up one day and just be like oh my God I can't move my legs and you know everything hurts. So Yeah. All right well have a nice how do we even close out of this? Like how do we just like close it? Don't
even Oh yeah I was just looking at the thing and it says um Yeah yeah
I'm gonna do the survey to shit right? That's like another 20 minutes. Okay.
I think he just close out of it and then you got
to go to
the next thing. Like on my um instructions page at the bottom there's a uh arrow. Blue arrow. I think we just do, oh yeah I think we just do that. Um
get
Uh Let me see. So you should see the time or do you see a timer?
Are you on the instructions like the 12345?
all the hon. Uh huh. Mm. That's interesting. Yeah.
Oh you know what
in the um I think in the, no I don't know if that's the same thing, I don't know what to tell you. Can we just click
on it and see what happens?
It was very nice to meet you as well. You know what? I didn't even get your name. I just realized that
jenny
then
he said very nice to meet you in that funny to start talking like I don't even know your name that I do that all the time. Sorry.
Yeah, there's a good talk. Thank you. And good luck with your studies and
I think
things out there and try to stay sane if it's possible to stay saying I don't know. But try anyways. Yeah.
I hope so soon. I
hope so.
Yes. Thank you. Thank you. All right. I'm gonna hit the button and see what happens.