Hello?
we
are.
three p.m. Well three p.m. where I am I suppose. What time is it for you?
Uh So you're on the you're on the west coast together?
I said oh Washington state. Yeah I have a friend in Washington. Mhm. Oh yeah.
Uh Oh your your videos
out. Let's
see if you're on mobile data. It might it might have trouble connecting and stuff if you're not like on an actual computer. Let's see.
Could you start refreshing the page? We are. Okay. That looks like it's good for now. Well
I've
been doing the studies for a while but this this video thing where they just want you to talk for like 25 minutes that just came out. Have you done this more than once?
you're getting you're getting 20. I'm getting 15.
What are you are we all doing it through the same site? Because I I'm using prolific, prolific.
Um, I came across it through like Reddit or something. It's like the suburb called like beer money even though I'm not,
Yeah. Just finding it easy. It's just finding like a cheap way to make money here. Just, you know, simple stuff because
What? What?
That's crazy. How
long
have you been doing it?
Third
months.
Yeah. Killing time in, you know, making money while you're at it.
I
don't
know.
That's
crazy. Yeah. I only use, I only use prolific. I've heard about other sites like the amazon mturk and just whatever sites I haven't tried anything else. Or if I have, I haven't found much luck with them. Prolific is the one that seems to be the most consistent
at least a minute. It's like, because you know, they get your information right off the bat, so they just give you surveys that you immediately qualify for. There's no need to like just keep going through them and saying you're not qualified. Mhm.
You have to like
in there, it's kind of like its own industry, which is crazy
for like Kenny's.
That's
my
money.
It's kind of like those advertisements you see like on those mobile sites or whatever, They're just like, oh, you can win real money from playing this game. And every time I talk about prolific, I feel like, well to my friends, I feel like I'm weird because I sound like one of those, one of those fake people that were like paid to record like this so you can win real money if you click
here, sign up now.
What's
the
word?
dieskau.
My goodness.
I might
have to
look
into
that. What is it called? D Scout,
This
So you just
give you,
just get free merchandise pretty much.
That's
that
sounds
like a pretty good deal to me. How long, how
long
have
you been on disk out?
What?
hurry.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it looks like you've seemed set because you're like on multiple sites and you you're kind of breaking it in at least from what I see. Because I don't make that much. I think how long have I been on prolific? Not long. I think only a few months. And I've got I think I just hit like £100. So I mean it's slow, but Yes.
What?
I have a second monitor on my computer set up. So I just have like a window open up all the time. So whenever one pops up, I could just hop out of my on my computer and then just do it really quickly and that's that's pretty much all I do.
I wish I could make more, but kind of with the whole situation going on, it's kind of difficult to do that.
Thank
you.
That's that's what
that's what they want to know about. So you're probably sweet spot. Yeah. Right.
Yeah. I'm like a college student. So I get some like surveys relating to like college and stuff. But nothing, nothing that nothing that seems like it would pay the big bucks, like the corporations wanting to know about your family and what they want.
What?
It's always asking about the income. Uh huh.
Um So currently I'm not going to school, but I was in uh stem, so I was doing computer engineering or computer science, I wasn't sure what I was going to major and entirely, but there's a lot of overlap between the classes. So I was going to graduate either one of those because like computers are like what I'm interested in. Uh Because of the whole situation though, I kind of stopped going to classes because I'm still like scared of that and then the campus I'm at, I live in Orlando Orlando florida, so at UCF they're just, there are still infections, like covid infections. It's ridiculous.
What?
It's something.
luckily
I don't go out often but when I do I see like pretty much everyone does where I'm asked like when I go shopping and stuff but um what is it wal mart they used to have, I don't know if the stores that you're placed in this but they would have these stickers on the floor. They have like labels on all the shelves like saying please only walk this way, only enter exit this way they started taking those down because they want to reopen the city's back again.
everyone does. But I mean we're still we're still writing that first wave, it's if it never stopped because like
it was just
taken
care of so poorly. Mhm.
I mean I've heard I've heard they've been working on one, like it seems to show promising results though. I haven't caught up on it.
What?
That
is,
You seem to know
a lot about
it.
One capital.
I figured.
That's crazy. But you definitely know a lot more than I would just for me like browsing. Right? I like looking at news article.
It's like I just, I only knew like okay there's something happening there and it looks promising but that's pretty much
very
well.
I think.
Yeah. It might it might be longer. But I mean
it depends on the whole situation. I'm just because I've heard about like the lasting effects even after you've you've experienced it like for younger people. So if you don't die of it, like it will affect your breathing or which that that's scary to me, just from being paired, luckily
no um my family I think has been pretty okay with staying in quarantine, but I'm kind of worried about thanksgiving, which is coming up if they're going to try to gather the family together, which is scary. Yeah,
I'm
like
what?
help
me,
we're
going
shopping
cheese,
it's definitely not the time to be drinking and partying.
It
starts,
You
want
to
mark.
my goodness, that's that's gonna yeah.
What?
Yourself?
What?
What?
What?
Yeah, it's probably best not to get in that, just the fact that no, it's not anything about it. Okay, next
perspective.
Um So it's a it's kind of a mess because I I withdrew from my second year of classes because I got a little too overzealous and I loaded a bunch of really like heavy classes. Like I got I took chemistry calculus to and Physics in one semester.
I
I set myself up for earlier there and I was kind of in a dark place then, so I kind of, I kind of overwhelmed myself. So I withdrew and I haven't gone to classes since then really and I've just kind of been trying to get better and I in that process I did like apply for a job and I did that for a little bit, but they shut down operations since then. Oh, I can't hear you anymore. Oh,
hello? Okay, I can hear you now.
I can see you now. Wonderful.
where was I cut off? Oh
yeah, yeah, I can see you. Okay. When when did I get cut off?
I took on too big of a load, so I withdrew that semester and then um let's say. And then after that I haven't kind of haven't gone to classes since and then I applied for some jobs because I wanted to try and still be productive, right? And then um I did I did find one. I worked for the census whenever they were doing operations throughout, so that was like my first job ever.
so
the 2026
I was like in the numerator, so I I went around with a mask and like knocked on doors, asking for people to help fill out the census because they didn't do it before. And um that was that was fun. It was it was a good experience just because like that was my first job ever and it was pretty cool because I got to decide my own hours and stuff. Mhm.
Uh Yeah, you might, you meet a lot of believe or not. People don't like it when you knock on their door during a pandemic and then then bothered them for information, especially about like their families and stuff. But
what
respondents?
I mean, I I suppose I had a lot more cooperative people because I was I'm just some like skinny asian boy asking for information like, hey,
I'm flashing my badge, please please get help me please.
Most,
most of the time people were pretty cooperative, but I've had a few doors, I had a few doors like shut on me or just like please leave the property and which I have to follow instructions. I wasn't threatened at all though, which is thankfully nothing that ever happened. Um Though they do mention that in the training, it's like if you if you are threatened, please please leave the premises, like your safety is number one,
I believe how it works is uh So we we had a government phone which we inputted our data in like so the the
app
we can mark. Yeah, like you said, we can mark certain addresses as dangerous or advise caution if like uh employee was threatened there. I'm not sure. I'm not sure what they do after that. Maybe they send other person or maybe they take calls or send, it's probably escalated bar. But
hmm. Probably through phone calls or something, but I never had to do anything like that, luckily
about
our dogs.
What's up scary
situation?
no
11
Report
of. Yeah.
I pretty much was raised here. I wasn't born here, I was born in California and then my parents moved um I'd say maybe like three whenever I was three or four, so I pretty much like lived here my entire life. Uh
I do like it down here. Um Even though I'm more of a cold weather person, I like it in florida. It's it's nice. I haven't traveled around a lot, so I kind of don't know what anything else is like, but it's nice where I am. And I used to live more like in north florida near Jacksonville, But then whenever I turned 18 immediately I moved down to Orlando, so I'm kind of on my own or I live with roommates now going to college, so my parents are like 23 hours away, but I've been living on my own for like two years at this point because I'm 20. Yeah.
Especially
with daylight savings. Yeah.
Fucker.
Everyone
that
does not sound fun at all.
Sweet.
Great.
have
better
mark
the public.
That does not sound great.
That sounds good though. I can't say the same about florida. Mhm.
Yeah, luckily I haven't been like heavily impacted by any of the recent ones the past few years, like Irma or Matthew, but at some point I did have to like get out of like an area like stay with some family for a little bit because it got really bad. Um The house that I used to live in with my parents, it was on a it was on a river and like the water rose to like ridiculous levels. They would like ride, we lived on a hill luckily so our house was never affected. But Areas that were like five miles out like like a family that live that live nearby, like their houses got flooded and stuff and that's that's just crazy.
What?
I think
most
of
you know
that.
Do you
what?
Good
night.
That's scary. Do you have flooding often like is that a thing?
I
don't know?
That's crazy. I don't think I've ever had like, like seasonal floodings
like in my area, but it's always whenever there was like a hurricane warning. Yeah.
Your figure
figure
it
sounds like it's getting worse because like we're everywhere is hitting record temperatures or record lows.
I
don't
worry
about
it.
Yeah, I remember last year um we just didn't have winter down here in florida like there
was usually normally whenever I was like a kid I would get used to like putting on a jacket, like a heavy jacket and like going out in the cold. But that didn't happen last year at all. It was just like semi okay temperatures
just and then then we're hitting, it's humid, it's hot.
Well we got
Whoa.
What
what?
Probably
what?
yeah, we, we hit 30 minutes. Okay.
It
was,
yeah. And I'm glad you
were able
to actually match up with someone this time.
Well,
I'm glad I was able to help. I'll
see you
then.
You too.
I'll see you,
Bye.