Oh yeah. But yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Oh okay. Yeah. Oh but yeah, yeah. Hey,
somebody showed up. I want
to
get,
it is noon some of the,
In Washington.
So you know it's uh it's a change I lived in Idaho before that so I like it out here though. It's really pretty
goat.
I'm not
Well sure I can still see myself.
Okay. Yeah. So I don't know. I guess
I just start out like how long have you been doing these kind of studies?
Yeah, I did this this one other time and I've tried a bunch of time. It's like people never show up for which you understand. It's like the easiest $20 you can make, you know?
Uh Well I think I think the total is like if you do the initial screener And then you do the interview and then the last one I got a bonus and I think it would have been about 20. So
too. Yeah. Yeah. So how'd you, how'd you find prolific?
I'll be true.
I know that that's what I didn't like I just, you know, I kept like seeing articles about like people doing all the micro, you know whatever micro jobs. I'm like I'll just check it out as bored at work one day. I thought you know what, I'll just say like 1000 bucks and I was like, you know, take me a year, You know all these
like buy a playstation, you know and it's you know like it wasn't really serious and I couldn't believe the first month I made almost 500 bucks
and I was like,
well
only only, so this is my third
and
so yeah like I blew past that goal and I was like wow, there's there's actually like decent money that you can make out of it. And so and I like prolific because it's a little more academic based in the like a lot of psychology and stuff and then I do one other which is like que me which is just like like grinding through surveys and absolutely nothing but but you know like right right now like I've got kids and you know, we can't go in and watch their sports or anything. So I just stuck in the car so it's like the perfect thing to sit and do. I'd either be doing that movie.
Yeah. I kind of didn't say anything. Like I follow that that beer money site like some people will post like how much they made them. Like It's like nuts. Like
you see
people
who say they made like $3,000 in a month
and I'm like
Now.
Yeah. They're so like I tried mechanical turkey. You know, I think people who are on that got on there years ago and now I've heard sometimes it takes like two years to get signed up.
Were you thinking accepted?
What? No.
Yeah. For pace. I know that's yeah. My wife she's like what are you doing? You know, it's like and I'm like well look at my paypal account, I got all this extra money to spend. And she's like, well why don't you buy this with it? I'm like you don't know how long it takes time sit through these things
like
this
is like my goodbye money. It's like the one money I'm not sharing. Yeah.
No,
I know it's like well what are you getting? Are you getting paid? But tell that to people. And I know like and like I
tell people about you
know
tell my sisters and like nobody cares like nobody listens black hole but I think it's cold there's no one to talk to about it. You know what other one other fun fun when I found recently was D. Scout
Which it's like marketing and it they call it like missions and so I finally got one which was it just happened to be like a mystery shopper and that paid $50 like in all it was was like gave me a list of stores nearby. Yeah and then you had to go down and in this case it was there like growing um herbs like with hydroponics in the store so it's like the ultimate like local whatever locally ground so it's actually going to the grocery store and it was you know just kind of take pictures of it and then just tell about your experience and it's like well that was fun and I drug my kid along and it was kind of just an interesting experience mint. Like there's other ones on their, they someone pay like big bucks like there's um when were they were spending out like like home swab tests for covid That they want people to test. And so if you had a kid and you have a little bit of medical training, there's you know, there's like $150, to just like try out the product
and then give them back about it. So if you're if you're, if you're looking around like I kind of, I can say like that one seems like people make money on it from what I've heard from other people. Like
that's
little
more
like,
yeah the Scout and it hasn't happened stuff too. But like I just signed up for one day and it's a lot more like video heavy because it always requires you to like, you know, like record like yourself talking about the product and that. That's kind of like, you know, it was actually doing one of these last ones are prolific and I'm like, oh, I'm okay with like talking on camera. So I started trying out. I think a lot of people avoid it because they don't, you know, they're not comfortable with that. But yeah, so usually, you know, you do like a screener and the part of the screen is always a short little video segment of yourself, like talking about her just telling it like I did one this afternoon. It was uh you know, like show us your dog.
And the offer is just like, you know, they'll they'll give you $50 but then they'll send you like a dog door that like fits in a sliding door And it's like yours the key which those are you know $150. But they just want you to test it out and everything so you know it took three minutes to sign up for it. If it happens it happens if not you know
no
big.
Yeah you have free merchandise and you get money for
it you know just to try
it out.
But
That's
pretty
funny
that I'm just enough for a month and
the more I read about it it's like like I can feel like You know that that's like big money. You know like if I got if I got to go like right now it's like I'm gonna say I could do $500 a month for a year if we could actually make that goal. And it's like well I'd rather do three D. Scout missions. You know three days that month as opposed to you know every day like goof around on surveys and it's kind of on my lunch breaks back,
right? Just kind of do it do things other than like mess around like marketing ideas for Taco Bell.
Well that's you
know it's like my my job. I'm trying to compare a lot so I can kind of watch it for when the studies pop up and everything. But you know, other other than that that's the one I think I would draw back with prolific is you know you kind of always have to monitor, it feels like I guess I guess there's an extension or something you can get for your chrome that will tell you when new ones come available. But you know, it's kind of hit or miss, but
Yeah. Yeah, that's a good deal. Uh huh It's
well, I think it's, you know, you know, also just from reading like that Reddit thing, you know, it's like you got to kind of like they have the right demographic, you know, jackpot. And I think we're I've got, I've got a couple of kids like once a teenager and one is still a kid. And I noticed that like, you know, lots and lots of the studies and stuff are like looking for like that demographic, you know,
because it's
like the total Nielsen family, you know, it's like a small family and especially the marketing stuff because that's where they're trying much
true.
I don't I don't know. It's like, I don't know if other people, other people that do it to know if like, how much like they have or not, but
yeah. It's always like it's always like all this financial stuff that like, you know, you know, I
know some of, you know, finances, but it's like, I don't have like a bunch of, you know, stocks and stuff and companies all over the place and I'm like, well, you know, those paid more if you can get in and
Yeah, well, I'm sure like a lot of college kids to our, you know, using it to just make make beer money basically. And like when you're in school, what do you what do you study in college?
Oh yeah, yeah, It's it's just today are governor in
Washington? They announced uh we're going back to full full lockdown. They're closing all restaurants, all bars, you know, because it's been spiking here. And uh, they're, you know, they're stopping all the kids were having like limited, you know, outdoor sports and my daughter plays hockey and they have limited kids that could go out like on the ice. But now it's like it's all shutting down now if they say no, no social get like you're not supposed to anyone from outside your household even in your house. Like we had the, we had the very first case of Covid was at our local hospital about five, five miles away. And I work, I'm a death investigator.
And so I work with the medical examiner's office. And so it when it when it came up it like hit, you know, like big time. And so you know, they really were worried about it. And so you know the population here and everything's been very good about following the rules but at the same time like it's it's still spreading so I don't know what the american people or do people when you go out like wear masks pretty consistent
or?
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. We have we still have those stickers. But you know people people never really seemed like they obeyed it that much. You know, it's like that kind of thing. But other than that you know you do see people are very they're very good about wearing their masks and and you know and even the organizations like there's a little bit of pushback now that by and far most of the restaurants don't try to break the rules or anything. But I don't know man, I'm definitely tired of it. I want to get back to normal. But
Well
your
Children
until they get the vaccine and you know there I will actually get it out. It's not it's not gonna change so.
So what what they said was that they say it's 90% effective. Which is really impressive. But it's
going to require two
doses.
And the biggest problem with that is it's the to transport it to store it. I think it has to be stored at like negative 70 degree uh refrigerators which which a lot of you know, a lot of medical facilities have those but they're kind of like a specialty item two. And when you're talking about like millions of millions of doses so like they don't party like the infrastructure and having a place to be able to store it and then you know, coordinating double doses and then, you know, just a manufacturer in general just because I like all those problems. I don't think until next spring that there's really much hope till you're gonna start seeing you know the most vulnerable populations be vaccinated but it's still gonna be a long ride.
That's
my opinion.
Well,
yeah, because of my work and stuff like we're you
know, we're constantly briefed with it. Listen in emergency management meetings, everything else.
All
Well, it's so hard to tell like what's, you
know what's
real and you know like what's not just motivated, some
different, you know whether politics or whatever else it's you know, everything's gets confusing, you know because I I definitely see it as like a big threat. But you know, even even in my line of work like we don't we don't see people die of it that are that are young and healthy. Like obviously like that like I totally agree with. But it is, it is very, very bad and like older populations. So I don't know, you know, that's like, I think there's no easy answers. You know, it's like, it's hard. You know, I feel bad. I really feel bad for you guys. It's like college age college students because you know, it's like, you know, you know, four years or so at that age and got one where you're locked in your house here around. That sucks.
It might be longer,
Yeah. You know, do you know anyone who's actually caught it yet?
Yeah. I had, I had one,
I've
got one
friend who hasn't now and he's, you know, he's in pretty good health and he just says that he feels like he's just kind of got a bad call and then my, my wife, uh she works remotely but like her home office, they went through their office and everybody got it within a week. And then because they were all
in Halloween,
they were all
like
drinking
shots or something in the break room,
like you idiots like what do you think, what's going to happen? But
no, this is, yeah, it's just a I
think people
will start to snap, but they're, you know, they were they're based out of Idaho and you know that when we went back and visited there about a month ago, it's totally different, like they don't they don't wear masks or they're just
gonna
there
one of those states, it's just
gonna flaunt the roles and we're not going to tell them what to do and
it's biting, it's biting them now because like there they're one of the worst in the country and their hospitals and all. But it's just
it's just funny like the way people are like they, you know, they they the government officials come up like the hospitals are full like you need to start wearing masks and it's like they forced the kids to go back to school there and then the teachers strike two strike and said that like well we're not going to go back to school and then the P. T. A. Arranged
like a meeting and follow lawsuit
forcing the teachers to go back to school and to open the squeeze again. And it's just it's just crazy like it's like the parents went against the health department and just forced everything back open and you know, it's it's like two extremes and it's like, you know, here like on
the coast, you know, it's very very crackdown and then you go into the interior and it's the complete opposite. You just kind of see like why, you know, it's not gonna work and until they figure out if it's even possible, you can enforce some sort of a nationwide lockdown, but
I just don't see that happening based on internal politics and everything.
what
were you thinking about doing with your computer science degree?
Yeah. You know, you don't want to do
that?
Back little.
Okay. Is a video backup?
mom tried to call. Sure.
Yeah, you're back.
So you're just tell me about your, your classes that you've kind of taken on too big to load and everything.
Well, that's cool though.
That's
good one,
that is cool. Yeah. I always thought that would be kind of a need. Like it's not like what I retired that they'd be, well, it's a it's a volunteer for any interesting people, anybody tell you like they don't want to be counted.
Sorry. The conspiracies
are already going crazy. It's the last thing they
want is a government official.
What?
That's
funny.
Are you, are you just did you just mark that like you went there and then like they don't want to make contact or?
So
now.
Yeah. I tried to approach him in a safer way.
Yeah. Yeah. What's cool? Yeah, I know that that feeling like that was, that was part of my old jobs we have to go out and like do notifications and stuff when people died and
knocking
on doors, you know in the middle of the night. And it
like
some scary situations and you know,
dogs and everything else.
You know, we could not quite know what you're walking into you. Mhm. But
so
lived in florida for a long time.
You like it down there?
Yeah. I had, one of my old friends moved from here to florida. He's in the Orlando area too and he really likes it. You know, it's like here like it's so dark, so early. It's 4 30 in the afternoon. It's 30 you know, sons
down and
yeah, exactly. And then, and then the rain man, like, like
we've lived here for four years. It's like the rain can get the pressing,
it doesn't rain hard. It's just like a constant drizzle like all winter
long,
Oh, and I told my wife and we first moved out here where you're, We found
this place that was like, we're just renting, it was a way out in the woods and they're like big, you know, 80 ft tall trees all around you. And then, you know, she moved here right as false started and it
just would rain every single day. She's
like,
I can't live here. And it's like, she's like, it's like living
in a wooden
box without a lid that just drips all the time.
Uh but I'll tell you what man, that the summers are awesome because it never never gets above 85° and everything is green.
it gets a little hotter. You got, you guys get hurricanes to ring.
That's crazy. That's scary. Yeah, we're we we moved to our second house that we moved through here.
We live about a hill and there's times that like down the street it's just a river because there's so much water and it's like, well
I
hate that we
live
on the hill
or driveways hard to get up, but it's fine that we don't have to deal with all the flooding issues. Because
there's there's a
there's been times here where there's like, you might even see him because you know, there's such funny pictures where that streams flood and the salmon all come in and the salmon are like swimming across the top of the road, it's like fish crossing,
and
it's like that's not the way it's supposed to be crossing the road, they're supposed to be going underneath it.
every spring it floods. Like pretty crazy just because like the cascade mountains, all the water coming in from the pacific get caught up in the cascades and come back down and we're like we're you know, we're about two miles from the ocean where we live right now And then, you know the mountains are you know, another five miles up the road. So
Suzanne
air starts coming up, it starts raining so it's a lot of water that comes down the rivers. I mean there'll be days like you go by and you know, it's practically whitewater and then the next day it will just be like a dried out creek.
See
Oh yeah. Yeah. Here it it just you know, it depends on like here like also because like the mounds are so high in the spring if you get like an unusually warm uh thought and all the snow starts to melt. It's like the system can't handle it. Like
there's big
big areas where you can't live because the water could potentially come up that high and but
it's different.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's that's a big deal here because it's if the climate changes too much, you know, it's the soil doesn't hold water here at all. It just all runs right off because it's, you know, decade there, you know centuries and centuries and centuries of this kind of climate. So
you
know,
I
worry about
it getting dried out here because it's the, the forest so dense and like the forest fires could just be atrocious.
It's
Yeah.
And I know that's like, that's like, let's say kind of nerve ng when that happens, you know, it's like when
we got, we got more snow here than they used to and like hear, you know,
you think like, oh, it's like Washington people who used to snow, but like for whatever reason, you know the same thing, that's like we're close up to the ocean that it doesn't usually stick where we're at. But last year like they got socked in like crazy, you know, people, people were doing this thing. The things you see in Georgia where they
park their cars on the interstate,
walk away from their car because they don't know how to drive in the snow And it's like, you know, but you go
80 miles up into the mountains and it's like that all winter. But I don't know, it's like I I kind of wonder if that's one of those effects of climate change that were, you know,
maybe it's getting cooler here in the winter where you see snow that you didn't use to. But anyway man, it looks like we're, I think we're about at our time. Right,
Hey. It was, it
was good talking
to you,
you
know?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're, you're, you're easy to talk to. My last person was a little bit more
difficult, so. All
man.
Well,
good luck with all your future endeavors.
All
Take