SPEAKER_L: wow Okay missiles to wait five minutes or two minutes. I think there's a two minutes. Think someone's here.
SPEAKER_R: life?
SPEAKER_L: Hey, what's up? Can you hear me okay,
SPEAKER_R: yep, yep, I can hear you. Can you hear me
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I can allow them clear.
SPEAKER_R: okay? Fantastic, how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm not too bad. It's a rainy day here in western new york but it's all right. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Okay? I am, I'm doing well, it's a sunny day here in California and I don't think we've seen Ray actually, I take that back, we saw a little bit of rain this summer, but we, we uh we tend to have two seasons, one being kind of the season where it rains and then from about Starting from April two, usually about November, I mean it's very unusual to see rain at all, so I think we had one, we had one kind of weird day where we got some lightning and you know we got like 10 minutes of rain and that's that's all the rain I've seen in probably about the last six months. Yeah, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh I'm sorry, go ahead,
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, I was just gonna say um you know, we get all four seasons here for sure. Um Which I mean I like it um it's we we you know our winters are maybe a little long. Um you know they last probably from mid november all the way to sometimes the end of March. You know you're, you're regularly getting snow. Um I think that we actually saw snow in May of this year um for a little bit. So
SPEAKER_R: I believe it about 25 years ago I was, we were living in Michigan, I was actually, I was, I was going to university of Michigan at the time and on May 15 of our last year it snowed And uh yeah and and I was originally from California, so we were kind of planning to go back anyway. But yeah, when it snowed on May 15 were like all right, you know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah it gets old, that's for sure. Um I I'm a little different than some people around here. I kind of prefer the cold in a lot of ways but um You know I I definitely see the appeal of why some people um like when it's you know sunshine, 75% of the days, you know I'm not much of an outdoorsman. so to me I I would much rather be cool. So.
SPEAKER_R: Right, right. Well now and give me a choice between a rainy day or a sunny day, I would I would actually take a rainy day. I mean I like you know it is nice every so often to have a sunny day, just walk outside, you know sort of feel the sun. But I mean and the other downside of where I am in California is that you know during the summer I would say average temperatures probably that the highest probably uh low to mid nineties, but we get a number of days where it jumps up over 100 and you know, and I mean we're fortunate in that we don't have that, you know, we don't have that sweltering humidity that you find in the midwest.
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: around here too, that's what
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: makes our summers a little brutal. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but but you know, when it's just, you know, constant, you know, day after day after day of just that, you know, sweltering heat, you know, you're just like, you know, you're like, I'm done with it. You know, I just, you know, I don't want to I don't want to feel like I'm walking into an oven every time I step outside,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it gets it gets old, it really does. Um You know that's why for me my favorite season is spring for sure. Um because at that point it's still pretty cool out um but it's not a hassle to drive. Um I I've had to get comfortable with driving in the snow and you know it probably took me a few years to really get fully comfortable. I I would say that for my first three years of driving I probably average sliding off the road two or three times a year. You know it's not that uncommon and uh it's scary. I mean if you lived in michigan for a while you may kind of know the experience
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: had
SPEAKER_L: when.
SPEAKER_R: I had that exact same experience. We were, you know, kind of ana not uh it was uh it was like a through street. So, you know, it was probably a 25 mile an hour, maybe 30 mile an hour street, but it was on a hill and I was driving
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: a Toyota Celica. So this was, you know, mid mid 19 nineties, I think 96 maybe even 97 you know, kind of hit a patch of ice and you know, hit that patch of ice and just started sliding and you know, at that point it's game over and you know, there was a van coming the other direction up the hill and you know, luckily it wasn't uh it wasn't a direct impact, it was more of a sideswipe and honestly from what I remember it, you know, I think I was pretty fortunate, you know, a little, you know, surface scraped, but no, you know, no major damage, you know, the car like I said, didn't look a whole lot worse for the wear, but you know, it was that it was that moment of You know, 10 seconds of pure panic thinking, you know, uh this
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: is not
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: never
SPEAKER_R: to end good,
SPEAKER_L: you never forget that feeling you
SPEAKER_R: you never
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: forget that feeling.
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: No, I I would agree with you.
SPEAKER_L: I so I like I said I've had a few experiences where I was sliding and lost control of the vehicle. Um And you know that's why when it snows out, I I actually prefer to take the highways rather than the side streets and some people around here are of the opposite opinion because they want to drive slowly. But really even when you're on the highway if it's snowing real bad, most people adjust. I mean you're going to get the people in their Ford F150s that blast past Hugo in 55, like there's nothing going on. but for the most part everyone will go, you know, they'll adjust accordingly, so I mean that's what I prefer but yeah, I I've had situations where there were cars coming at me but luckily in my case the most recent time it occurred, he was far enough ahead of me that he had time to adjust and stop, so there was no collision and I just kind of um swerved into the other lane and stopped just short of someone's driveway because thankfully there was a little bit of a snow bank that stopped. But yeah it's intense, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yep,
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: we're good.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean that's why, you know, so I'm actually from Rochester in Rochester new york and they were the snowiest city last year um and that's why I'll never go back to anything other than four wheel drive with any vehicle I buy, it's just it's a necessity around here.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah yeah, no I would I would I would absolutely agree. No I had I had a friend that for a couple years ago went to, what's the school, there's a school in Rochester Rochester
SPEAKER_L: Alrighty Institute of Technology, yep, yep, awesome.
SPEAKER_R: so he uh I used to get I mean this is a number of years ago but yeah definitely used to get a lot of stories about the you know the the huge snowfalls and you know just it's as you say it kind of becomes a way of life.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Now speaking of, well not extreme weather but unfavorable weather events. Are you anywhere near the fires that are recurring?
SPEAKER_R: I mean close enough to certainly have the impacts of smoke. So I'm in the san Francisco Bay area and um where where they've had problems especially in the last couple of years is as you go up to kind of the northeast portion of the san Francisco Bay area, you get into uh the napa area, which is uh that's also the area that's you know, known for all the winemaking, but it's it's kind of north and a little bit east to where I am. And I would say it's it's probably it's probably 30, miles away. Um and then there's also a huge portion of the bay that separates the, you know, the section of the barrier that I'm in versus that area. So, you know, any fire would have to uh would have to sort of figure out how to jump over a huge portion of the bay. But um with those fires they've had in napa, we we have certainly gotten the smoke um and it never really had happened until probably about 2017 was, I would say the year that um it really first kind of became very noticeable. You'd have these fires and not even necessarily the fires in napa, but even fires kind of farther north, you know, depending on the wind breeze that day. Um you know, it would just drive all the smoke into the bay area and so so we've gotten very use, you know, when this, when that would happen to looking at what the air quality index is. So I can tell
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: you, you know, I can tell you the difference. Yeah, is a he is unhealthy. You know, if you have certain conditions, 100 can be, you know, can be uh you know can cause watering of the eyes and you know, minor irritation. But I mean we had a number of days where I mean it was it was well over the unhealthy level and so you know, so not only this year, you know, we're we're going through a pandemic where you know, you have you know obviously you were encouraged to stay home as much as possible, but then but then you couldn't even necessarily go outside of your own house because the smoke was just you know, overwhelming and you know, it was just unhealthy and uh so yeah, there were there were about two weeks there and kind of mid to late august where I mean it's like, you know, okay what's what's gonna what's gonna go wrong next? And and then we had one day here, I don't know if it will let me see if it'll show on the screen.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: We had
SPEAKER_L: didn't want to interrupt but I just wanted to tell you that, okay, your face just came back for a while there, your face was gone, I can still hear you just fine, but your face disappeared.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Um but I could, I could see you now all of a sudden, so
SPEAKER_R: okay, great. So we had one day in towards the end of august where that ash was so strong that it created this orange like apocalyptic color in the sky. That literally was there the whole day. So, so I don't know if you can
SPEAKER_L: yeah, let me see,
SPEAKER_R: but I don't know if you can see that real well, but that was that I took that picture at nine a.m. In the morning
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's quite a sight.
SPEAKER_R: and it was that way the whole day and it was through the it was through the whole bay area. I mean you just walked out and it's this orange color and you're thinking okay, you know, this is really like, you know this is you know when people talk about the end of the world, this is sort of what it's like and you know, it
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: was just
SPEAKER_L: certainly a lot of markers of that lately for sure. But
SPEAKER_R: and it was just weird and
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so I was gonna say though, um doesn't because I know there's certain areas of china that have bad issues with pollution and they wear masks, the kind of offset that does that help with smoke contamination at all?
SPEAKER_R: not not with the
SPEAKER_L: Well probably
SPEAKER_R: necessarily
SPEAKER_L: not the sturgeon masks, but maybe the ones with the filters.
SPEAKER_R: with the filters. Yeah. And you do see some people and I think so prior to the pandemic, you would see some people walking around with with filters and you know, you're, and I would, I would tell you it definitely was I think more people that um, you know, asian americans, that
SPEAKER_L: because.
SPEAKER_R: because to your point in china and even Japan, you know, wearing masks was a little bit more of a common occurrence now post pandemic, you know, I nobody, nobody is going to even think about it twice if you see somebody walking by with a mask. So I think going forward with the fires, you'll probably assuming, assuming we see more and you know, the experts certainly tell us based on changes in the temperatures and changes in the climate and you know that, you know, we're almost certain to see, you know, similar events continue to occur. So I think you will definitely see more people in the future Walking around with, you know, the N- 95 type masks, you know to really try and filter out the effects of smoke.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. So so something just stuck out to me uh and forgive me for this comment, But are you telling me you believe in both the virus and climate change? That's uh that's rare around here where I'm from? Uh huh. Well I so I I just I wanted to make a so where I'm from around here, it feels a lot so it might be new york but it's it's Western new york, it's actually a very rural area. Um There's a lot of corn fields and soy fields surrounding you um everywhere you drive you see Trump 2020 signs which if nothing else kind of tells you. Um Just just the type of people in their their their way of thinking. Um So it's just like I I could never in casual conversation around here, you can't even talk about the virus without getting some sort of uh resistance and eye rolls and things of that nature. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I I'm not exaggerating um It's uh it's it's interesting, it's not that people don't believe it's real but they believe it's so over hyped and they believe it's a type of political, they see it more as a political topic more than an actual health topic. So.
SPEAKER_R: it's it's I mean it's unfortunate that all these issues where, you know as a society we need to come together and have a coherent plan and you know, it's it's unfortunate that these issues become so politicized and you know people, you know people get kind of into these echo chambers where you know there for whatever reason they don't wanna, you know, they don't want to sort of step back, look at the broader set of facts and then inevitably you get, you know, you get two opposing groups and the end result is we've got these big problems in society and we can't effectively address them because each side is trying to to you know trying to take down the other side.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean if you can't even agree on a basic set of facts, how are you supposed to get people on the same page for an actual action that would make a difference? You know It's.
SPEAKER_R: And and I think the thing that I didn't I don't I mean, I don't know exactly what your thoughts are, but you know the fact, I mean, it seems that, you know, we've always going through school, you always accepted science and you know, basic kind of facts and you know, this hundreds of years that scientists have built on these, you know, these um scientific facts and theories that have been proven. And then, you know, it seems that when you you try to, you know, where you try to use the science is the foundation of facts. You know, that's where where people then dispute the science. And once you've gotten to that point, then trying to have any sort of rational discussion just goes out the door. I mean, it's it just seems like, okay, we've got hundreds of years of science, you know, people that have devoted their lives, people that, you know, brilliant people that have, you know, advanced civilization to, you know, where we have these, you know, amazing procedures to amazing medical procedures to take care of people and to treat conditions and all this, you know, and that's all based on scientific fact. And then you get to, you know, whether it's the virus, whether it's climate change,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and likewise, you've got, you've got a set of facts and, you know, for those conversations, it's like, well, you know, no, we're not gonna, we're not going to focus on the science of it, we're going to focus on the politics of it.
SPEAKER_L: Right. So yeah. So I think part of the problem is like people realize and they see the effects of science every day. I mean they see it and whether they know it or not or make the connection or not, every time they use their smartphone they're using technology that was based on years of scientific advancement. Every time they go to the doctor and the doctor does a procedure or prescribe some medicine. Those are also based on years of of you know scientific um you know studies and just all sorts of of complicated
SPEAKER_R: Problem.
SPEAKER_L: things. But then the minute you try to apply science and apply the ideas that we know to something more abstract. Something that's that's harder to something you can't really touch or see right in front of you. That's where all of a sudden all of this disinformation and and politics can enter, you know, and and that's and that's why I think we can agree on you know, the virus and stuff like that and climate change. It's just it's too subtle for people, people they don't have the attention span to do what needs to be done to address that. And they don't they don't think about it, they don't want to think about it the same way they think of things they can see in front of them.
SPEAKER_R: Right, right. It, um, it was interesting this weekend, I was reading an article in the Washington post and they, you probably remember back in august, there was that big event in Sturgis, south Dakota, that big motorcycle rally where people came from all across the country and you know, they were estimating, there were, I think upwards of, I want to say like up to 500,000 people that came in for it over the course of about two weeks over a span of about two weeks. And you know, there were, and, and when you look at the, when you look at the data right now, where, where you see the virus go, where you see the virus increasing and where they have the highest daily rates are those North central states, so North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana Wisconsin. Um, all just, I mean, they're off the charts in terms of, of the, the infection and, and so the Washington Post talked to some of the folks that had participated in that event that actually did end up getting very sick afterwards, went into the hospital. And, you know, if, you know, in talking to those folks, I mean, they were like, you know, they were like, yeah, I never thought I would, you know, catch the virus, but, you know, I made a that was a terrible choice I made and you know, I should have I should have, you know, I should have understood what the risks are, I should have stayed home, I should have, you know, I should have managed, you know, my social distancing better and, you know, instead I end up in a hospital for, you know, three weeks and I'm on a ventilator for a week and, you know, they they had me come in and say goodbye to my kids because they didn't know if I was gonna make it and you know, it just you would think that is maybe people got more exposed to those stories and people that you know kind of went in thinking this isn't going to affect me or it's not, you know and then and then you know, all of a sudden their life gets turned upside down. You would think that somebody would you know, you'd say, hey wow that maybe that could be me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Again, I think it goes back to the idea that it's no matter how many people that they will see that once had their mindset changed their mind, it's still too abstract for them. I remember reading a story of a guy who didn't take the virus seriously. He had a family get together. Um I think he had several family get togethers and like 14 out of the 11 visitors he had got, COVID two of them died. And I thought it was really interesting how, how we described how it made him feel. He's like, it's almost like I was I was a drunk driver and and accidentally killed someone. It's kind of similar to that feeling. And I was like, you know when I reflected on that, I was like, yeah, I could see the similarity there, but again, that was someone that denied it. And then all of sudden it's real. And then there's that real famous case of that guy who was posting on facebook had all these posts about how Covid is fake. It's a hoax. And then, and then three weeks later, you see them make a post that that says, oh, this Covid, this Covid thing really sucks. And then two weeks later dead. I mean, it's like, yeah, there's 100 stories like that. And then and then what's really scary too. It's not just the it's not just the deaths, it's the people that have it uh supposedly recover or at least recovered to the point where they don't have to be in the hospital, but then they have these long term issues where they can't even do the dishes without getting out of breath or you know, and then you're hearing about neurological issues too. And it's like, so yeah, even if you're so even if you're in that category of people that supposedly isn't so prone to dying from it, are you still immune from the long term effects? I wouldn't be too confident about that. Because even if you think about things like pneumonia, young people get pneumonia and even it takes young people sometimes months years to recover from that, even if they were previously healthy. And so this, right here, Covid is sort of a whole new beast Who who knows what? We're not going to know the full impact. We're not going to know the full effects until probably a few years. Um
SPEAKER_R: No I would I would absolutely agree with you and no I I think there will be a group of folks that you know unfortunately we'll have the you know the lingering effects and you know the long term impacts to health um you know as a result of of getting infected. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. I think you're right there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, man. Um So your picture just went away again. Um, are we is it 25 or 30 minutes? Is it
SPEAKER_R: I think it's 25 so we're actually probably right at the uh I think we we have met the 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: already?
SPEAKER_R: So I'm so I'm showing 27 after, so. All
SPEAKER_L: it was a pleasure meeting you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It was very nice to meet you and take care and good luck and stay
SPEAKER_L: You, too.
SPEAKER_R: safe. All
SPEAKER_L: You as well.
SPEAKER_R: Great. Thank you.