wow Okay missiles to wait five minutes or two minutes. I think there's a two minutes. Think someone's here.
Hey, what's up? Can you hear me okay,
Yes, I can allow them clear.
I'm not too bad. It's a rainy day here in western new york but it's all right. How about you?
Yeah.
Oh no, I was just gonna say um you know, we get all four seasons here for sure. Um Which I mean I like it um it's we we you know our winters are maybe a little long. Um you know they last probably from mid november all the way to sometimes the end of March. You know you're, you're regularly getting snow. Um I think that we actually saw snow in May of this year um for a little bit. So
Yeah. Yeah it gets old, that's for sure. Um I I'm a little different than some people around here. I kind of prefer the cold in a lot of ways but um You know I I definitely see the appeal of why some people um like when it's you know sunshine, 75% of the days, you know I'm not much of an outdoorsman. so to me I I would much rather be cool. So.
and
around here too, that's what
makes our summers a little brutal. Yeah.
Yeah it gets it gets old, it really does. Um You know that's why for me my favorite season is spring for sure. Um because at that point it's still pretty cool out um but it's not a hassle to drive. Um I I've had to get comfortable with driving in the snow and you know it probably took me a few years to really get fully comfortable. I I would say that for my first three years of driving I probably average sliding off the road two or three times a year. You know it's not that uncommon and uh it's scary. I mean if you lived in michigan for a while you may kind of know the experience
of
when.
No.
that
you
never
you never forget that feeling you
don't
it?
I so I like I said I've had a few experiences where I was sliding and lost control of the vehicle. Um And you know that's why when it snows out, I I actually prefer to take the highways rather than the side streets and some people around here are of the opposite opinion because they want to drive slowly. But really even when you're on the highway if it's snowing real bad, most people adjust. I mean you're going to get the people in their Ford F150s that blast past Hugo in 55, like there's nothing going on. but for the most part everyone will go, you know, they'll adjust accordingly, so I mean that's what I prefer but yeah, I I've had situations where there were cars coming at me but luckily in my case the most recent time it occurred, he was far enough ahead of me that he had time to adjust and stop, so there was no collision and I just kind of um swerved into the other lane and stopped just short of someone's driveway because thankfully there was a little bit of a snow bank that stopped. But yeah it's intense, yeah,
but
yeah, I mean that's why, you know, so I'm actually from Rochester in Rochester new york and they were the snowiest city last year um and that's why I'll never go back to anything other than four wheel drive with any vehicle I buy, it's just it's a necessity around here.
Alrighty Institute of Technology, yep, yep, awesome.
Uh huh. Now speaking of, well not extreme weather but unfavorable weather events. Are you anywhere near the fires that are recurring?
interesting.
I
didn't want to interrupt but I just wanted to tell you that, okay, your face just came back for a while there, your face was gone, I can still hear you just fine, but your face disappeared.
Um but I could, I could see you now all of a sudden, so
yeah, let me see,
Yeah, that's quite a sight.
there's
certainly a lot of markers of that lately for sure. But
yeah, so I was gonna say though, um doesn't because I know there's certain areas of china that have bad issues with pollution and they wear masks, the kind of offset that does that help with smoke contamination at all?
Well probably
not the sturgeon masks, but maybe the ones with the filters.
because.
Right. Right. So so something just stuck out to me uh and forgive me for this comment, But are you telling me you believe in both the virus and climate change? That's uh that's rare around here where I'm from? Uh huh. Well I so I I just I wanted to make a so where I'm from around here, it feels a lot so it might be new york but it's it's Western new york, it's actually a very rural area. Um There's a lot of corn fields and soy fields surrounding you um everywhere you drive you see Trump 2020 signs which if nothing else kind of tells you. Um Just just the type of people in their their their way of thinking. Um So it's just like I I could never in casual conversation around here, you can't even talk about the virus without getting some sort of uh resistance and eye rolls and things of that nature. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I I'm not exaggerating um It's uh it's it's interesting, it's not that people don't believe it's real but they believe it's so over hyped and they believe it's a type of political, they see it more as a political topic more than an actual health topic. So.
Yeah. I mean if you can't even agree on a basic set of facts, how are you supposed to get people on the same page for an actual action that would make a difference? You know It's.
No.
Right. So yeah. So I think part of the problem is like people realize and they see the effects of science every day. I mean they see it and whether they know it or not or make the connection or not, every time they use their smartphone they're using technology that was based on years of scientific advancement. Every time they go to the doctor and the doctor does a procedure or prescribe some medicine. Those are also based on years of of you know scientific um you know studies and just all sorts of of complicated
things. But then the minute you try to apply science and apply the ideas that we know to something more abstract. Something that's that's harder to something you can't really touch or see right in front of you. That's where all of a sudden all of this disinformation and and politics can enter, you know, and and that's and that's why I think we can agree on you know, the virus and stuff like that and climate change. It's just it's too subtle for people, people they don't have the attention span to do what needs to be done to address that. And they don't they don't think about it, they don't want to think about it the same way they think of things they can see in front of them.
Yeah. Again, I think it goes back to the idea that it's no matter how many people that they will see that once had their mindset changed their mind, it's still too abstract for them. I remember reading a story of a guy who didn't take the virus seriously. He had a family get together. Um I think he had several family get togethers and like 14 out of the 11 visitors he had got, COVID two of them died. And I thought it was really interesting how, how we described how it made him feel. He's like, it's almost like I was I was a drunk driver and and accidentally killed someone. It's kind of similar to that feeling. And I was like, you know when I reflected on that, I was like, yeah, I could see the similarity there, but again, that was someone that denied it. And then all of sudden it's real. And then there's that real famous case of that guy who was posting on facebook had all these posts about how Covid is fake. It's a hoax. And then, and then three weeks later, you see them make a post that that says, oh, this Covid, this Covid thing really sucks. And then two weeks later dead. I mean, it's like, yeah, there's 100 stories like that. And then and then what's really scary too. It's not just the it's not just the deaths, it's the people that have it uh supposedly recover or at least recovered to the point where they don't have to be in the hospital, but then they have these long term issues where they can't even do the dishes without getting out of breath or you know, and then you're hearing about neurological issues too. And it's like, so yeah, even if you're so even if you're in that category of people that supposedly isn't so prone to dying from it, are you still immune from the long term effects? I wouldn't be too confident about that. Because even if you think about things like pneumonia, young people get pneumonia and even it takes young people sometimes months years to recover from that, even if they were previously healthy. And so this, right here, Covid is sort of a whole new beast Who who knows what? We're not going to know the full impact. We're not going to know the full effects until probably a few years. Um
Yeah, man. Um So your picture just went away again. Um, are we is it 25 or 30 minutes? Is it
already?
it was a pleasure meeting you.
You, too.
You as well.