life?
yep, yep, I can hear you. Can you hear me
okay? Fantastic, how are you doing?
Okay? I am, I'm doing well, it's a sunny day here in California and I don't think we've seen Ray actually, I take that back, we saw a little bit of rain this summer, but we, we uh we tend to have two seasons, one being kind of the season where it rains and then from about Starting from April two, usually about November, I mean it's very unusual to see rain at all, so I think we had one, we had one kind of weird day where we got some lightning and you know we got like 10 minutes of rain and that's that's all the rain I've seen in probably about the last six months. Yeah, yeah.
Uh I'm sorry, go ahead,
I believe it about 25 years ago I was, we were living in Michigan, I was actually, I was, I was going to university of Michigan at the time and on May 15 of our last year it snowed And uh yeah and and I was originally from California, so we were kind of planning to go back anyway. But yeah, when it snowed on May 15 were like all right, you know.
Right, right. Well now and give me a choice between a rainy day or a sunny day, I would I would actually take a rainy day. I mean I like you know it is nice every so often to have a sunny day, just walk outside, you know sort of feel the sun. But I mean and the other downside of where I am in California is that you know during the summer I would say average temperatures probably that the highest probably uh low to mid nineties, but we get a number of days where it jumps up over 100 and you know, and I mean we're fortunate in that we don't have that, you know, we don't have that sweltering humidity that you find in the midwest.
But
and
but but you know, when it's just, you know, constant, you know, day after day after day of just that, you know, sweltering heat, you know, you're just like, you know, you're like, I'm done with it. You know, I just, you know, I don't want to I don't want to feel like I'm walking into an oven every time I step outside,
I
had
I had that exact same experience. We were, you know, kind of ana not uh it was uh it was like a through street. So, you know, it was probably a 25 mile an hour, maybe 30 mile an hour street, but it was on a hill and I was driving
a Toyota Celica. So this was, you know, mid mid 19 nineties, I think 96 maybe even 97 you know, kind of hit a patch of ice and you know, hit that patch of ice and just started sliding and you know, at that point it's game over and you know, there was a van coming the other direction up the hill and you know, luckily it wasn't uh it wasn't a direct impact, it was more of a sideswipe and honestly from what I remember it, you know, I think I was pretty fortunate, you know, a little, you know, surface scraped, but no, you know, no major damage, you know, the car like I said, didn't look a whole lot worse for the wear, but you know, it was that it was that moment of You know, 10 seconds of pure panic thinking, you know, uh this
is not
going
to end good,
you never
forget that feeling.
No, I I would agree with you.
yep,
we're good.
Oh yeah yeah, no I would I would I would absolutely agree. No I had I had a friend that for a couple years ago went to, what's the school, there's a school in Rochester Rochester
so he uh I used to get I mean this is a number of years ago but yeah definitely used to get a lot of stories about the you know the the huge snowfalls and you know just it's as you say it kind of becomes a way of life.
I mean close enough to certainly have the impacts of smoke. So I'm in the san Francisco Bay area and um where where they've had problems especially in the last couple of years is as you go up to kind of the northeast portion of the san Francisco Bay area, you get into uh the napa area, which is uh that's also the area that's you know, known for all the winemaking, but it's it's kind of north and a little bit east to where I am. And I would say it's it's probably it's probably 30, miles away. Um and then there's also a huge portion of the bay that separates the, you know, the section of the barrier that I'm in versus that area. So, you know, any fire would have to uh would have to sort of figure out how to jump over a huge portion of the bay. But um with those fires they've had in napa, we we have certainly gotten the smoke um and it never really had happened until probably about 2017 was, I would say the year that um it really first kind of became very noticeable. You'd have these fires and not even necessarily the fires in napa, but even fires kind of farther north, you know, depending on the wind breeze that day. Um you know, it would just drive all the smoke into the bay area and so so we've gotten very use, you know, when this, when that would happen to looking at what the air quality index is. So I can tell
you, you know, I can tell you the difference. Yeah, is a he is unhealthy. You know, if you have certain conditions, 100 can be, you know, can be uh you know can cause watering of the eyes and you know, minor irritation. But I mean we had a number of days where I mean it was it was well over the unhealthy level and so you know, so not only this year, you know, we're we're going through a pandemic where you know, you have you know obviously you were encouraged to stay home as much as possible, but then but then you couldn't even necessarily go outside of your own house because the smoke was just you know, overwhelming and you know, it was just unhealthy and uh so yeah, there were there were about two weeks there and kind of mid to late august where I mean it's like, you know, okay what's what's gonna what's gonna go wrong next? And and then we had one day here, I don't know if it will let me see if it'll show on the screen.
We had
I
okay, great. So we had one day in towards the end of august where that ash was so strong that it created this orange like apocalyptic color in the sky. That literally was there the whole day. So, so I don't know if you can
but I don't know if you can see that real well, but that was that I took that picture at nine a.m. In the morning
and it was that way the whole day and it was through the it was through the whole bay area. I mean you just walked out and it's this orange color and you're thinking okay, you know, this is really like, you know this is you know when people talk about the end of the world, this is sort of what it's like and you know, it
was just
and it was just weird and
not not with the
necessarily
with the filters. Yeah. And you do see some people and I think so prior to the pandemic, you would see some people walking around with with filters and you know, you're, and I would, I would tell you it definitely was I think more people that um, you know, asian americans, that
because to your point in china and even Japan, you know, wearing masks was a little bit more of a common occurrence now post pandemic, you know, I nobody, nobody is going to even think about it twice if you see somebody walking by with a mask. So I think going forward with the fires, you'll probably assuming, assuming we see more and you know, the experts certainly tell us based on changes in the temperatures and changes in the climate and you know that, you know, we're almost certain to see, you know, similar events continue to occur. So I think you will definitely see more people in the future Walking around with, you know, the N- 95 type masks, you know to really try and filter out the effects of smoke.
it's it's I mean it's unfortunate that all these issues where, you know as a society we need to come together and have a coherent plan and you know, it's it's unfortunate that these issues become so politicized and you know people, you know people get kind of into these echo chambers where you know there for whatever reason they don't wanna, you know, they don't want to sort of step back, look at the broader set of facts and then inevitably you get, you know, you get two opposing groups and the end result is we've got these big problems in society and we can't effectively address them because each side is trying to to you know trying to take down the other side.
And and I think the thing that I didn't I don't I mean, I don't know exactly what your thoughts are, but you know the fact, I mean, it seems that, you know, we've always going through school, you always accepted science and you know, basic kind of facts and you know, this hundreds of years that scientists have built on these, you know, these um scientific facts and theories that have been proven. And then, you know, it seems that when you you try to, you know, where you try to use the science is the foundation of facts. You know, that's where where people then dispute the science. And once you've gotten to that point, then trying to have any sort of rational discussion just goes out the door. I mean, it's it just seems like, okay, we've got hundreds of years of science, you know, people that have devoted their lives, people that, you know, brilliant people that have, you know, advanced civilization to, you know, where we have these, you know, amazing procedures to amazing medical procedures to take care of people and to treat conditions and all this, you know, and that's all based on scientific fact. And then you get to, you know, whether it's the virus, whether it's climate change,
and likewise, you've got, you've got a set of facts and, you know, for those conversations, it's like, well, you know, no, we're not gonna, we're not going to focus on the science of it, we're going to focus on the politics of it.
Problem.
Right, right. It, um, it was interesting this weekend, I was reading an article in the Washington post and they, you probably remember back in august, there was that big event in Sturgis, south Dakota, that big motorcycle rally where people came from all across the country and you know, they were estimating, there were, I think upwards of, I want to say like up to 500,000 people that came in for it over the course of about two weeks over a span of about two weeks. And you know, there were, and, and when you look at the, when you look at the data right now, where, where you see the virus go, where you see the virus increasing and where they have the highest daily rates are those North central states, so North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana Wisconsin. Um, all just, I mean, they're off the charts in terms of, of the, the infection and, and so the Washington Post talked to some of the folks that had participated in that event that actually did end up getting very sick afterwards, went into the hospital. And, you know, if, you know, in talking to those folks, I mean, they were like, you know, they were like, yeah, I never thought I would, you know, catch the virus, but, you know, I made a that was a terrible choice I made and you know, I should have I should have, you know, I should have understood what the risks are, I should have stayed home, I should have, you know, I should have managed, you know, my social distancing better and, you know, instead I end up in a hospital for, you know, three weeks and I'm on a ventilator for a week and, you know, they they had me come in and say goodbye to my kids because they didn't know if I was gonna make it and you know, it just you would think that is maybe people got more exposed to those stories and people that you know kind of went in thinking this isn't going to affect me or it's not, you know and then and then you know, all of a sudden their life gets turned upside down. You would think that somebody would you know, you'd say, hey wow that maybe that could be me.
No I would I would absolutely agree with you and no I I think there will be a group of folks that you know unfortunately we'll have the you know the lingering effects and you know the long term impacts to health um you know as a result of of getting infected. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. I think you're right there.
I think it's 25 so we're actually probably right at the uh I think we we have met the 25 minutes.
So I'm so I'm showing 27 after, so. All
Yeah. It was very nice to meet you and take care and good luck and stay
safe. All
Great. Thank you.