Hello? Hey what's up? So so I have no idea what we're supposed to be doing. They just want us to talk for 25 minutes.
So
So they've been doing this on weight? Is it all in prolific or?
I want
to Oh
and
breathing.
I gotta
go.
What?
I
have
no problem.
one
has
to make
they
got a fuck
have like
thank
you but
don't
worry.
Gosh it's just like whenever your first taking or signing up it's like 25 minutes. How what am I going to do for the 25 minutes?
Whatever
like
what?
All
well
I mean everyone's here for the for the $15 or whatever. So I mean it doesn't it doesn't matter. Like how do how do you usually go about like doing this then? You just you just chill. I mean I don't know I want us to talk
um I live in Orlando florida. Yeah.
Yeah so
it's a little bit of a mess just hiding but I mean
Are you in the U. S. To
Brooklyn? All
mm I don't think I know anybody from Brooklyn. I'm kind of just here
but bringing, mm.
Hey?
Well a
better
time to just chill. Inn makes money talk spend.
look
rather
jeez that's crazy.
What?
Yeah I've
been
good.
I've been I've been waiting for cold weather to set in and it hasn't it hasn't all like all month and then well I guess it's just started but I've just been waiting for it to send him because it's like we were hitting like fall almost winter but it hasn't come yet and I'm waiting for it to hit like a truck because I remember last year like we got frost on like the on the grass like every day it was messed up like but because it's florida um we don't usually get like crazy
weather, but I'm waiting for a descendant because I prefer cold weather over hot weather.
what
is
it? Probably something like that. Let me let me check. It's like 85 Jesus. That doesn't feel like it. I guess it's just
because I'm stuck
inside.
It's usually pretty humid, humidity is 68. Yeah. That's oh my goodness. It's usually yeah, it's usually pretty human around here so when you go out you just immediately get hit by like a wave of like what isn't steam but it's just bad. It's just like a wave of like wet heat and it's so gross.
Thank
you.
what's it dizzy
let's
say.
it's literally just like a PlayStation three camera. Um
Let's
see it.
Wait
Yeah.
Yeah.
I think people are getting that. I know I know the expo in the new Xbox injuries and released. Do you play video games?
sir.
What?
they're probably like buying those
out people trying to sell them. Let's see.
I don't.
No
way.
It's probably soon. I I know I've seen images of like people working in warehouses like oh they're they're coming or whatever.
I kind of like kind of like leaks I don't know if they'll get in trouble for that but stuff like that it's coming out soon and if they're not already bought out. Mhm.
Um I'm not working and I used to go to school in like 20 I'm 20 so I'm not a drop out at least to my parents. I'm trying to say that I'm not a drop out and I don't want, you kind of want to go back to school with the whole situation going on. It's like it's still up in the air and I haven't been going to school for like a year now, so
it's, it's bad. Yeah, I mean
I'm
sorry.
I've heard, I heard there's one like in the works that's like coming up.
That
sounds
that's
crazy.
See
maybe. Mhm
definitely,
definitely.
I don't want
to bring
back
with
my friends.
Bye.
It's, it's pretty bad every time I go to, I used to go to UCF University of central florida and there's like hundreds of infections because the people don't stop, they don't stop going like two parties or whatever and it's crazy like supposedly they're rolling out like they're trying to switch back to hybrid where it's like they're staggering close up meetups and then mostly online stuff, but I wish they had done that in the first place. It's like
who would have thought that would be helping, But
now you've got tons of people infected.
definitely.
No.
pretty
much.
Uh no, they kind of soldiered on, but people were still getting infected. It's it's absurd.
It's
just
I think, hold on, you
see a school, let's
just like
Yeah. No, no, it's starting, let's see what's open. It's probably majority, mostly like online stuff. But everything. Yeah, I'm looking at this site, pretty much everything is open, which is kind of worrying just a little bit. How is the situation over there?
What? This
is
an expenditure
of life? Mhm.
What?
I
didn't
like
that, so. Yeah.
Mr
Off.
Story.
Yeah, I figured that's probably a lot more helpful in the area where it's like, so you're like in the big city, right? Like you got high rise buildings and stuff, so it's probably a lot more helpful.
It happens
important,
but
no
city. City. Yeah.
What
that way? Yeah. Yeah.
Area
like
what?
like
There
obviously
the
second
people
that
you
are.
I think that's the case for a lot of churches in my area
to they just kind of just throw it out and then just do whatever and it's still probably doing that despite the infections. It's not great.
Like
never
what's wrong? It could
be.
That's
That's
a little bit more worrying.
Certainly
that
someone Yeah,
woman.
it's looking pretty bleak a little
bit.
Yeah, it's bad
because
my parents want me to go back to school so badly. Right,
I could,
but I am stupid.
Yes I'm not motivated, I'm also very stupid so like I don't it's just it doesn't work for me online.
Well
it does not prepare you at all for college,
it's
bad.
I
think
what you
think.
I
started
I think
I'm
not
Sophie.
Oh definitely definitely
I
2 1/2.
did you did you finish like a degree or is it something?
dang. Yeah
just
fine.
No
great
been like
what?
And
you
I just
their love.
I feel that way whenever I was in class right
now.
the
yeah I was in some field I was gonna gonna do computer engineering so I was doing like The prerequisites like the really bad math like calculus to in camp three and uh I did not pass that so I kind of just stopped there for a little bit and my parents are waiting for me to go back, but again, not
feeling it,
never
find
something.
I
like
that one.
True.
My parents wanted me to get a four year degree but I'm thinking about like trying to compromise because I qualify for a lot of other stuff like I could get an associate with the two year degree. Um
I
qualified
for a lot of that. Yeah, so they want me to do that but again the whole situation, it's just everything is up in the air and because they want me to go back, they want everything to like return and my mouse is on my screen. I just realized that I was covering my face like a fly,
Yeah.
Thank
you.
What?
Including
liquor?
Okay. Not so for good. Um
not really shops, but there was a fast food place crystals. I don't know if that's that's like a eastern here, but like they just they just straight up like I think they went
bankrupt or something, but it was bad. Like it's just an empty building now there.
It
might it might have been before that, so like as soon as, because I don't remember, it's been so long good. Um like the beginning of the month I guess, but the beginning of the year it's it's not great because everyone's so unsure about like where do we start closing? Do we limit hours? And I guess they were probably like doomed from there or maybe before that. That was just the straw
that broke
the
camel's back.
They
were it
was just
they are they still around? I thought, I thought like the whole chain is just out, is it?
What
this
role?
Yeah.
Looks like they're still trucking on. Yeah. I thought that I thought they were just like, they were all like, what's it called? Like owned by like the manager in that area. They're all like single owned, not tied to the chain, but I guess they're all still kicking around.
Kind of, they're kind of like trashy. They were like mediocre burgers, but they were nearby. So like I could walk there for like three minutes and that was a good way to get exercise,
Yeah. I mean there's a lot
to eat in Orlando but
Kind of not, not really. Uh Mostly
it would it would be more convenient just to drive, but the walk to crystals is more about just like just taking the walk and getting some exercise more than uh you know, just being there more convenient.
The bomb,
lot of work
I was saying, yeah, to be honest, I don't know if anything has changed much before the pan from before the pandemic two right now because I just kind of stay inside all day, but it feels, it feels like it because it's like now there's even more incentive to stay inside and kind of sucks,
but
I'm going
so
what?
What?
looks like
Work
that.
considering the
options, I do that all the time too, it's like
good.
What?
Because you don't have
to deal with traffic and
stuff
different.
Both,
I get that. It's
probably
worse there. I don't know what I knew if I was like in the city
like burger.
I think
it's doing pretty well,
thank
you
very
much.
It
might,
it
was
picture
in the top.
Yeah, slowly fell back into normality. Yeah.
Like
of I I don't really fully know their situation because I don't live with them. I live on my own while I live with my cousin. But they live like they live like up nor not up north, just like in northern florida, Like near Jacksonville, Jacksonville, so it's like a three hour drive or something.
Yeah, they used to live like near the Panhandle more, so it used to be a six hour drive and
I did not make that trip at all.
But Yeah, 3 3 hours is a lot more durable.
I get
that right,
I almost
want to go home.
games
work.
Devil's Den. I
feel like I've heard of that, but I don't think I've been to it.
Nothing.
My
brother.
wow, that looks really cool
and you can just,
you can just swim in there, that's
crazy.
This
reminds me
Because
like,
I mean I guess Gainesville is pretty big itself. Um But
what,
where else is there? I mean you have Orlando and then Jackson, but I don't I don't I don't know florida, I've
lived here all my life, but I have no I know nothing
about florida. Yeah.
Palmer.
Yeah.
Probably my whole life I guess, but I was born I was born in California and I was there for like four years or so, so
you've
been
here
for
like
maybe probably my parents moved me here, so I mean and I was a little baby, I don't remember much about it besides the airport trips. Mhm.
Work
You're
going
to
like
grab an apartment or something. What's your living situation right now? Are you like
on your own? Yeah.
About
Whatever.
that's when my parents want me to do, they want me to move back because I'm not really going to school, but it's like, I don't know if I feel like I want to do that, like that's it's nice being on my own sort
of and I feel like that be like a step back down even though I'm not really doing anything out here and I understand why they want me to move back, but it's just no, I feel like it's better on my own. At least I feel better. Mhm,
definitely because
there,
You
want
to do?
What?
that's, that's what I'm worried about is because I sit here on my computer all day. So it's like they're going to comment on that every day. It's gonna, it's gonna be an issue or something.
I
mean,
I think,
it's just
go do something else. It's like, come on, just please leave me alone. I'm 20
my
color,
My cousin, I moved out when I was 18. So for two years, for a while, I've been here for two years,
I
moved to go to college. Yeah.
Yeah. Um it's not an apartment. It's like a, it's like a, it's like a house. My, my cousin
owns a house. So I have this room and we just, it's like, and I like to stay here more, but I don't know if my parents are gonna like intervene or something because they're paying rent for me like monthly and then it's like, it's like, I mean if they really want me to go back, they could like, I guess stop paying rent and get me kicked out. Mhm.
Uh
ideally
I'd just like to say,
but
no
problem
building.
I mean I I had a job for a little bit, but that's that's over. I used to be a census worker for the 2020
census.
It was, people aren't thrilled to have someone knocking at their door, especially during a pandemic and I suppose they don't care about that, but
I had to
knock on
people's sources. Okay.
It's uh so how the census work is you go, you go um how the census rolls out is you get like something in the mail and you fill that out, and the people that they signed up for, the to work in the field, they go door to door for the people that didn't respond to that. So like the non respondents you go and bother them because they didn't fill up this that year. Yeah,
I'd
say a month or two through three, I don't remember. Um Training was like and a jew. Oh
my gosh,
I'm
done with it. They get they they're done with their whole system because that's that's like a the census, they do that like once every 10 years or something.
So.
I think I was I think I was probably the most competent one there because I don't I don't know if anyone else knew what was going on, but I
mean it was nice
if
It was nice because I got to choose my own hours. Which was like, that was my first job. That's like the first job I ever had. So it was I think I did decent and the pay was also decent. It was like 19 an hour. So it's definitely not bad for a first job.
That's great.
Nothing weird. It's nothing super weird. Just people that don't like being bothered. I don't think I don't think anything dangerous ever happened. Like I never felt threatened or anything just I had a lot of doors slammed on me
only.
Yeah. And and a lot of hangouts, it's like, hi, I'm from the census and it's like, no, I'm not interested.
You are legally required to do this, please just work with me here. Mhm. And
the thing
is I can't even whip out that line. I can't even say that they are legally obligated to. I'm not allowed to do that.
Mhm.
No
way.
Probably because it be like you're threatened, you're kind of threatening them. So I
I only
say it unless they ask.
but like
so
Yeah. So they paid for mileage. I would I would have they give me like a government phone. It was a way.
Yeah kind of kind of um But there's it's like I get like a case list of like addresses and then I have to go to like neighborhoods because usually they assign it like by zone so we go to the neighborhood, there's like a few houses there that never responded and then that's that's how I go. So I drive around, it's usually in my area because I every day I only like clock in like 5 10 mi. So it's not it's not that big, it's not
that big
not far at all,
but
ability
to plan
um Yeah, they provide you with a lot of like these sheets, it's like, oh you can fill it online and mostly it's leaving it there, but occasionally you do get someone actually answering the door and being reasonable and like, oh yes, go ahead, let's, we'll do the census, that's very rare, but that's what, that's what they want and that's that's usually the best scenario if they do that with you. Mhm.
I'm so
grateful every time,
but
like,
It's uh 5:15 minutes, it depends on how big how big like
the household is, how many people there are, if it's one person, it doesn't take long at all.
Yeah. The interesting is probably like mhm hunting down units that you have no idea where they are.
Yeah, because like sometimes there's no like street names on the on the roads it's more yeah. Yeah.
Now are we 3
31? Oh yeah we are. Okay then
we
can
call here
what?
I don't remember how late like I I loved it because I was trying to get my whole situation
set
up.
So over
time.
And
it's
it's 15 every time. That's pretty decent. Do you do you know what they're like doing this for?
Mhm,
Wait, wait.
No.
opportunity
was
it?
because like it had no direction. So I was just really confused.
It's like what is going on?
Not
a lot of what
you hear?
What?
No.
What
was that one time?
Remember
what
we
want?
Thank
you.
Like,
thank
you.
I gotcha. I gotcha. All right. Well, so we're over time so we can we can call it here. You're good. Yeah.
Yeah. It's nice seeing you, too. All right.
Bye.