salario.
1, 1 quick second. I'm just trying to get my things to like connect.
Sorry. Mhm
mm
Can you hear me? Okay. Okay.
Yeah. Have you done this before?
Yes, same. The first like three or four I mean probably more than that, like no one ever showed up and then finally yes, I definitely didn't like I want to keep rescheduling.
Yeah, it's like a bump bump.
Um one time I saw God,
interesting, interesting. It is cool
like like
needed different lives. Yeah, definitely. I had the one that was kind, I mean she was intended to classify was like a hillbilly but she was definitely um you know, she lived in a very probably like rural area and she was different. Um I didn't have one that was terribly awkward. All the one like this sound wouldn't work for the longest time. Like I had to call him were like so I'm gonna try to figure out how to make it work so that was gonna make her, but we we got it, but other than that they weren't terribly, but you said you had a couple like,
we'll
probably her only opportunity to really like you get someone to listen to her about it or something.
Great,
was
she like sassy
or she kind of like a
that
somebody
so like you know, it's across to you know, get you know something
that's too funny. Oh my
gosh.
wow, so
did you, so do you have any like normal or normal conversation set over the Al Qaeda?
boy.
Mhm, definitely, it's like I think it is a big deal
out of something,
why is everyone making a big deal but to see
or?
totally. Yeah. Yeah, they want to like yeah, like brought up against somebody or some things
and see.
Good.
Yeah, I mean I have, so I'm definitely, I mean I'm definitely more like liberal leaning, but my family is I my mom's a politician and she's Republican and so it's definitely, yeah, it's interesting having to uh yeah, anyways, but I'm just speaking to your point about like them being there still like nice people in some respects,
but
then they have these really divergent craziness. Yeah. Anyways, so what, what do you uh what do you do or where you, I'm in Chicago,
I don't know.
Okay.
Are you going to have been there like your life for?
it's to react differently.
No.
Yeah, so originally from michigan, but I came here for grad school and I've been here for probably eight years now and I love it like a lot. Yeah,
that's cool.
Okay. What is it like the east side or the west side you don't like where in
michigan
or?
just
in there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's pretty good. Yeah. Um Yeah, especially like up north for yeah, it's actually bad
there, but
upper peninsula, so you mean there uh michigan right? Like the like the mitten and then that this is like on top.
Oh yeah, well like michigan and then like, like, like superior
and
So is it, does it gets pretty cold in Jersey though too, doesn't it?
Yeah, I'm january, february is all pretty nasty, it's just yeah, pretty bleak and uh
definitely.
yeah,
once you do that that fall forward like the time the daylight savings something like it's like it's
good. So
it's in november
sometime
I think.
it's coming up. I don't know where the summer wind, like what the heck I feel like because it's so bad. But uh yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm. Me neither. Me neither.
Yeah, it's depressing. It's like, yeah, it definitely affects like it definitely affects your mood.
mm So it's like, would you say something is like your favorite time of year or favorite season?
Oh really? It's even there too hot,
what
you're
saying?
so it seems like there's like a very limited window in which you're like happier the weather where you live.
hmm.
Mhm.
I like, I like snow. I think it's, I feel like, you know like you can't like the having winter makes like the summer that much better. You just like appreciate it more, you
know? So it's kind of like, yeah,
it's like I don't know, I've been in school for so long so I just look at snow days so like I would love so.
I'm sorry. Yeah.
Yeah.
Another
No, I just I just recently like finished up I was working towards my doctorate but I ended up quitting and just got my masters.
Everything's crazy with you know with covid and everything. Um Were you like affected by that a lot or did you like shit?
Like what you had to?
No, I feel like a lot of people. Yeah. I know. I think that's yeah, there's a Yeah, I feel like you kind of fall on one end or the other, you know, you they're like really didn't or Yeah.
Mm Yeah. Are you been you know you've been like quarantine
or
like you
know
like it way
ahead
of the curve
Yeah. Yeah.
So you're somewhere you're more kind of like introverted?
Yeah I know it's hard to connect or like overcome those barriers sometimes.
that would be very difficult.
What interesting,
It's
scary kind of at times to see like how radical people can be and like yeah.
Mhm Yeah. I feel like I feel like it's that I feel like it's also like people wanting to like you know blame some other like entity for like the problems in their life or like you know to kind of like have something to get angry at or like you know be like oh this is why things are bad you know, rather than like owning their own responsibility or like trying to find, you know, I don't know, I guess confronting their own struggles with like, you know, feeling in control over their life, you know, a more meaningful as I um But it's very interesting the way that they yeah like I like really like there's a lot of research about like conspiracy theories and like what fuels them like what like is kind of behind that? Uh
It's
interesting.
Q. And A. On or whatever. Is it the Q. And A. And stuff cute que manana
and
like they they blame him or they're saying that like he's like,
well okay yeah okay then just like you
and them
because
I can't
I think that's ok. Everyone looks up to you and says like they're like, you know, he's saving people and that's
crazy.
There's
right. Yeah. I mean there's so many things that are like yeah clear like they're just kind of like glance over like yeah, whatever.
Little ignore that. Yeah.
Yeah. Everyone should take that. Like everyone knows that
we have bigger things to deal with people who don't even wear a mask. If he says to take vitamin D. People will probably stop taking
vitamin
D. Or something.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah totally. The confirmation bias.
100%.
Yeah. I do these things like they're called like group relations conferences and it sounds kind of crazy but like basically you bring a bunch of strangers together and like their only task is to study the group dynamics and so like you get all these like supposed to kind of like you delve into like the unconscious and like you know like um biases and assumptions about like authority and like, you know, all of this like crazy stuff. It's really cool but like part of the theories, they're like, you know, talk about like a group mentality and like how groups can like that, the hive mind or like. Yeah, like things can get really scary. Like groups can do some crazy
stuff
with
any.
Yeah. You already, have you heard about recently? There's a, there was a cult that was called NexIUM. It was like, it's supposed to be a self help thing, but they started that they turned the women into sex slaves. They were like upstanding like awesome like women and their branding them and like they were all like maybe made up to sleep with this one guy and he's like, he's he's being indicted now on charges of like sex trafficking.
You know? That's crazy
search.
There's a really cool uh dr issue. I was doing a really cool documentary on it if you're
interested.
It's really good.
But yeah, it's amazing.
Part
curiosity
got
better.
Do you know what the
name
of
it was?
That sounds really cool.
Do
you ever,
remember?
Look
at that.
Vice.
Vice is awesome.
And
yeah, definitely. Um yeah, I got rid of cable and everything, but I like I love fire stick and yeah, this one gets up there. Yeah, there was a cool documentary I watched recently called my octopus teacher. And it was like this guy, he was like lived in like, like south coast of Africa and like basically just started like going diving and like he was like a, you know, he was like a like a nature
film maker thing. Um like he develops this relationship with this octopus and it's like the most amazing thing. And like they like, it was really, yeah, because I'm an activist, I guess really, really smart, really intelligent. And I don't know, it was really like, I thought it seemed like Lehman like just from the title. Some kind of lame, but like it was like I was crying. It was so beautiful. Like, like the octopus, like puts a little technical look on his face, like the connect. And
I was like,
my God,
that's it.
Mhm Guys. And he went every single day and they had like a
relationship was like,
it's really
cool.
You
should
Hi.
Mm Oh, that's oh,
Oh my gosh, It's amazing. Do
you have any pets or anything?
that's so
So how did you get
those
happy? That's so cool.
that's, that's
a really cool story.
you should do a documentary on that. That
good.
You know me to have a little chihuahua? He's, he's a little shit head, but he's, he's my buddy.
Like, yeah, I grew up like I had a great dane growing up, so I always had like big dogs and then like I was given this like little dog and like, but they're, yeah, which I didn't think initially that I would like, but like he's like my
best friend show
the
truth.
totally.
Yeah, totally. Yeah, loneliness is, yeah. So I would do therapy and like I worked with that for some time and like, yeah, that was one of the, like the main things that were just like, you know, you get to a certain age and if you don't have like a lot of family or you don't have like you know a lot of posts like you know, maintain relationships are just so lonely and it's so sad. Like I don't know, I wish there was some way to overcome that. It's so hard to like establish relationships or make connections but like they're so valuable and like so essential I think. But yeah, the way our society is structured and especially for and I'm like now it's just it can be really difficult once you once you kind of like get to that point where you're kind of cut off. It's just so hard
to like you know, reestablished
things
are like
like
social
Yeah. Yeah. That with all this just yeah, I guess I'm hopeful about the future generations are going to they're so like they're so like internet and everything was so like just always in a central part of their life. I feel like they will be able to because I feel like, you know, technology is what you make of it. So you know, you cut like there are ways currently we're not like using the most adaptive lee, so it's kind of in some ways limiting our social engagements, but I think it can be used to like really, you know, bolster that and like, yeah, hopefully future generations
will
figure that
out.
My
What?
How
is
that?
That's so
interesting,
wow, that's really needed. Yeah, that sounds like, I mean it sounds like a cool connection to some extent. But yeah, I bet it interesting like people that are super into like their beliefs, I feel like I think it's so contradictory to like I feel like if you're super into your beliefs you should be able to talk about them and challenge them and be secure.
You
know, if you're so certain about it, like me offering a different thing is not going to like you shouldn't sway you.
Yeah. Just so
it's
supposed
to be traveling
but yeah.
it's like a car that was like a call. She had some things to sort through.
mm
Uh Oh
Thanks.
That's
Yeah, that's the people
took
it
while.
yeah. Uh which
is also funny like Yeah.
Right right. Also if you randomly pull things for the bible, this sounds kind of psychopathic.
that's
love.
I do yeah, so I mean I said I was giving my doctor in psychology so I do like I was doing a lot of research and then I I just love research so um I mean I kind of do it for the money but also just for fun. Um So I've been doing projects like a body over a year I
guess,
I don't
know.
How
about you?
it's
interesting.
Mhm. I have another much luck with that 11 thing I like is either an
app
called
D
Scout
and no one's really off. Oh yeah, it's got definitely made some
pretty good money there.
I was working in a jail for a while and like interviewing inmates and we were sitting psychopathy. Um So that was really interesting. Um But uh yeah, I don't know, I like I like studying groups and organizations um
Mhm.
Yeah, so you you said you work from home like you said you do
was
computers
or you build
stuff
for sorry?
that's
all.
Yeah you probably like user experience
stuff
like user
experience
research you but
thanks. Yeah you can get like certificates and stuff too. I feel like um Yeah like pretty easy. Yeah, it's
kind of substance
that
I was
looking
into as
well.
Um I mean I don't have a lot of like I don't have to have more of a research background but so I want to do more just like the data collection and maybe
data
analysis. Um And then like when you're getting it
thanks
looks like
yeah, so I feel like the user experience like user resigns up is a little bit more like you know kind of like web design and stuff like that which I don't have any knowledge of. Um So yeah, I'm kind of exploring it, but seems like
it
would be
right up your alley.
your record of it, yeah.
Yeah, definitely. Um Yeah, I think it's like a new, it's kind of like a burgeoning field, so there's like a lot of uh wiggle room was sort of like as far as like what, like different companies are doing different things with it, so yeah, you can definitely find like your next or whatever. Okay. Yeah, well like, I feel like there's so many classes online now, especially corona, like kind of like, I don't know, I've been looking into taking some other like getting someone like training and stuff, it's
so
easy.
Well,
it
would
be
easy
rather.
No,
well
it sounds
so familiar.
I mean,
so it
could be very
dry,
so
Yeah it's
too funny. Um Yeah so that was like you
said was
data
analysis
or was it um
Oh
and
yeah security stuff is yeah definitely not. You know there's another it's another interesting
avenue and collect social engineering which it's kind of like you have to know like hacking and definitely but it's like you're kind of trying to exploit like um like weaknesses and companies through like the social like basically like being able to manipulate people to give you information
and
like
yeah you can look it up, it's really that simple stuff out there. Yeah it's a gift of like yeah like trying to almost
like you
not show mr
robot,
it's not like a kind of like a hacking thing. Uh But anyways uh have you ever have you ever so like did you ever keep in touch with any
of the other people
that
you talk
down here?
That's
so
funny.
You
did,
no.
uh Let's do that one thing, because that's actually, well,
I don't
use instagram
or
I can
do a snap
to find the one. No, actually, like I was like so kind of like, nobody wanted to, like, it was like, nope, like, like, well, like, I mean, first of all, mostly wasn't even like broach the topic, but then like, one person that I like, I find that it was the last person, so like, I was an aspic and well, I just ask them what they thought about it and they're like, because if I don't know, we'll be probably, probably would just like, we probably would say we were talking that we wouldn't, I was like okay. Uh huh.
It's just
like, yeah.
feel like
you
never know. What's that? Yeah. Likewise, um,
what is
your
what your day,
I guess?
Yeah, I think
so.
I don't know if you can type in here.
and so on. Yeah. Okay.