mhm. Yes, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. It's just that's good. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, okay, mm. Talk to me. Mm hmm. Steve, mm hmm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Keep it here. Oh, what's your favorite team? It's true. That's the the music speaking from here. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's okay, ridiculous switch. You probably okay. Everything. Mhm. Hi, how's it going?
I'm doing good. Mhm. Yeah. So um I don't know. I'm just glad you showed up there with the softer have to reschedule. What
cultural
Okay. Mhm.
Uh
Yeah.
Yeah. I've done quite a few of them I've done about I think four of them or three of them. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I've had the same thing happened. I had one person um actually like two or three people that didn't show up and it really sucked.
You know? Have you had?
No, let's go. Say did you ever have like an awkward um somebody met that was like I had one or two. Yeah it's pretty weird. I don't know the one lady had like her daughter home, she was like a like a hillbilly. Yeah.
Not
here.
Yeah. Yeah. Well actually it was really um two of them. The one was the lady that just want to talk politics the whole time and I'm not gonna take a person that will sit there and argue or really getting involved with the politics and I'm just like yes, you know? Yeah. Yeah because she was she was an older lady and um yeah she just cuts off my politics and this and now I'm like ok you know
two.
I think so. And yeah and then about the lady to have his role, that might have been the same lady that I talked to. It was just kind of weird because she was like um I don't know, there's nothing wrong with it, but she was like smoking and like group Shane while we're talking on like
and that's kind of I mean what's wrong with that?
But
people
yeah, she's had an attitude instead
of like
good. Um I think she said yeah like all people that are not messing me and this and that. It's kind of weird.
The anger.
So
then Yeah.
Yeah.
I talked to one guy that was really nice. Um But again he wanted to talk politics as well and he had you know, nothing wrong with I guess people want to talk politics but he had a big trump flag in this room and you wanted to
talk about, you know? Um So you know, people give me a hard time with that college online college flash online. And I'm thinking, yes, because you're you know like supporting well you have like this big flag of your supporting in the background, why not just keep that stuff, you know, you don't want controversy, you know? So I thought that was kind of autumn
with the
six.
it
was a huge flag and everything. It's like I think some on the controversy. Despite what?
And then he was talking about how like
his um religious issues and influence his political views, and I'm thinking that's just not true. I mean again there's nothing wrong like that, but
somebody's going to have a religious views, you know, in political views on certain thing. A lot of the times do you like um intermixed or whatever, you know what I mean? Yeah, so that was pretty interesting. You seem like a nice guy though, I mean, so there's nothing wrong with that
I was
here.
I'm
in a Jersey, New Jersey. Yeah.
Mhm.
Oh yeah my whole life I've been down south before they go down to florida Georgia and yeah I really like it down there for the most part of people are really nice and everything but I don't like the extreme heat like in the summers and everything, it's really hot.
Yeah Chicago seems like a pretty interesting um Say it seems like you have a really interesting history
over there. Yeah.
that's
Yeah. Where are you? Oh yeah restaurant I have family that's in um in michigan I think. Yeah michigan yeah they're from pennsylvania though when he moved over there. Uh huh.
No
no
I just know that it's just to get really cold in
order.
towards
like that. What is it like that thing? Um I don't want to say around the great
I'm thinking about that big body order. I don't know what it's called right now.
Yeah, that's
a lake superior. Yeah. Uh huh Uh huh
definitely. Especially around like january. That's our coldest month. I'm not sure. It's probably the same, you know, Chicago. I don't know.
The main thing I don't like about winter though is the fact that the sunlight is not as strong and there's less daylight like it gets. Yeah.
Did they start so much later? I feel like I'm suddenly wise and then it, You know in Jersey gets dark around like 4:00. I just Yeah.
Stock.
You know what, nowadays,
I don't even know what, I think it's
on
the veteran
all wow. I thought I'd
yeah.
So I'm not looking forward to that.
But then the days that I got to get even shorter and that always sucks.
the family has a big effect on you and everything. Yeah. I can personally feel different in my mood like when false starts coming just because the days get shorter and you know there's a son. I and then the U. V. Rays are not as intense as in the summertime. Mhm.
Not in New Jersey. It's too hot.
it gets way too
hot
in
the summer and human I might like it like when I was really young like 13 and 14 but um not anymore. I don't like it. I don't like dealing with the heat and humidity in the summer.
Yeah. Yeah. I really like the weather now. It's really nice. It's fall and like right now it's like in the um in like the upper sixties and lower seventies and the humidity is not too bad and it's like perfect. Especially like the nice breeze. It's really nice.
Yeah. Uh
I've noticed I can deal a lot better with the cold now, so yeah, the cold don't really bother me that much until it gets like crazy cold. Okay.
definitely.
And then,
I always love committees. I was always like hoping, oh my God, I hope it's a snow day. Sometimes I would just like take it off regardless. I'm not going, I don't care. What do you say? Oh my God.
Uh huh.
Are you still
in school now? Are you?
What is the wrong with that? That's so really high after the methods. Mhm.
The
crazy thing is, it didn't really affect my life that much.
It didn't really affect my um like that much mostly because my um the work that reduce all online just from home from a homo.
I was already are
being
pretty
much
and
I'm not
a very um like I mean I like some social issues like being out and about sometimes but not all the time. Like some some people that I know some people need to be out and I think produced people feel really bad because yeah definitely is affecting them a lot. I mean I still get lonely and stuff from you know not being able to go out to big social gatherings and stuff but not as bad as some people. Mm. Yeah.
Yeah.
definitely. I like to keep to myself a little bit more. I don't know I feel like I'm when I'm about, especially right now and just like the past couple years, a lot of people again just politics or some people, I don't know, it's just like, um, I feel like sometimes a waste of times being these conversations because people have like their own opinion of you and then or um, you don't want to hear somebody else's side or I don't know, it's just a messaging.
definitely. And some people would like to argue and fight about it and they get real wild and I don't want to be involved in the treasonous. Yeah. Yeah. But I like socialising generally, but most of the time a lot of the things that I do, just stuff you can do on your own, like, like I build things. Um, so a lot of that doesn't even be any pulling socializing. You can't hear me over like a power tool or something. Uh huh uh huh.
So yeah. But I have talked to some girls online in the past in the past few months that have denied the coronavirus and I thought that was really odd. Yeah.
And I have friends from on facebook. I was friends. I removed the one because she was a sway out there. She was like socializing and posting pictures, but no mascot big like social gatherings and I thought that was pretty idiotic. Yeah. So you
have,
Yeah. And then the one girl I was talking to, um, I never met her or anything, but she told me, um, you know, it was violated her constitutional rights because she couldn't go to church and just to where I'm asking. I thought she was like really far out there. I'm like, my God, all right. All you have to do is just wear a simple mask. Um, because if I was, you know, if I was elderly are at risk, you know, I definitely appreciate it. You know, people around me warrant mask and I wore a mask obviously. Um I just think that it's such a small thing to do and I think that a lot of people are in denial and they're using the pandemic, they're leveraging that and making it into something political because they feed off of that they like are doing and saying oh yeah, you know it's it's against this is against that. I think people just love um you love a feud.
definitely. I know what
you're talking
about, especially with the conspiracy theories because that's a big conspiracy theory. Um And then she I hear this one name and not a lot to talk about. This one guy now you Uh
I think it's that
sounds very familiar, but there's some guy that like all of the are bright winter spring up you talk about how like he's responsible for everything. I'm like oh my god like
steve blooming.
that
that
sounds like the guy.
But
it's
really wild but I like to like try to get into like see where we're coming from. So I actually watched the video one time where like this indian guy was he was a doctor and he was talking about how like Corona was like all fake and it's just like the flu and he kept like putting up advertisements for his book and you know and he's some big name doctor. And uh the guy was actually scarily very convincing but afterwards I'm like no this is just nonsense like all the stuff he's talking because he kept blaming like foul she now saying how like he's teaming up with the chinese government and Bill Gates. I'm like oh my God like it's just so ridiculous like where these people are getting this stuff I mean he obviously lacks some critical thinking skills because there there will definitely be some somebody would leak that information. Like there would be somebody that that ratted them out. You know what I mean? And something so big like that.
Like a government wide conspiracy. Not everybody's going to keep their mouth shut. Oh
the
guy was talking about like oh yeah take up a doctor. Fashion is not mentioning that you should take vitamin D. And vitamin C. I'm like dude he's not a dietitian. My God.
What's going to do? So make sure you take your vitamin C. Make sure you take 1000 mg take airborne.
they're
going to say that.
You can say oh yeah, they're saying that because getting the vitamin C. Synthetic and it has a new version of the vaccine from china, let's say. Yeah, people
are crazy If you don't believe anything that validates whatever you believe in. Uh huh,
definitely.
And then the whole crowd mentality that things really scary when you put it together.
definitely.
You can definitely see that two of them. I don't know if some of the pounded on the television in the past. It was like and it still happens to this day I think. But not as often. Like there's big coats like from the 80s and 90s where everybody would like
kill themselves
more train.
it's insane.
No, I never
heard of that, wow.
I love
documentaries,
photographs.
I really like watching documentaries. I watched some really good documentary. So I think the last time that assault one was probably like two or three years ago was about just this guy, this white guy that used in the Vietnam war. And it was so funny because he met like some lady that was a spy from I think that what is it like north Korea the one that people jim come whatever. I keep thinking his name. But anyways he's um you
know he kept hearing this radio stuff, he was doing patrol saying oh you know come over here and we'll treat you good. So then the one day he just decided to go over there
you're crazy. And then
yeah he spent like all this time with them interrogating him and then he made him like a into like a movie star him in these two other white guys, our soldiers. And it was insane like married like a woman
and you treated him like a king like during the fan and he would make sure he was really well fed and everything.
What
was
the name
of documentary?
No,
no
I all I know
is on netflix. It was really good though. I really enjoyed, no I actually open on
netflix.
It is another one that has really good documentary price. Yeah
I watched an on
on Youtube is a really good documentary I have to say. Uh huh. There's some really good stuff out there. I don't watch tv
that often but when I do I like to watch the documentaries and stuff like that
question.
That
was like
thing
that happened
that's awesome.
That is really
cool.
Yeah I know the same thing happened. There
was just
one guy he and it's really comin over in India to with the cows. Like he went to the guy's house when he passed
away all these cows. He was caretaker for cows and everything and he knew that he had. Oh no that's right. It's not cows, elephants, elephants came. Yeah
so it's really interesting. And a lot of the science, everything researchers don't know why or how the elephants even knew that. You know it all come when when he died. It's it's really critical.
Yeah. I have
I used to have a dog but he passed away that was years ago. Dogs are really hard to take care of but right now I have I have stubs. I have two doves. Um Yeah they're called
laughing. Does do you have a black ring owner? I don't know if you've ever seen it but you have a black ring on the back of their neck. Yeah.
this
lady
was just give she needed a new a lot because um her relative passed away and she couldn't take care of her because she works a whole lot. So she was owner and then another person had bought too many doves and trying to get rid of them. So. Yeah.
I
haven't even had them for a whole year but they're really cool old school and you have like different coups that you do and Dion like doubt her head and do like a band some and then you like it when you come back to him. It's really cute. Uh huh. Oh
Don't really
cool animals. I like all kinds of my love apples the way we look and I'm a big animal lover. Yeah. And what?
That's cool. I love dogs. Yeah
that's
It's
important
to have passed, especially with this pandemic and everything.
I feel bad for that. People that have like no pets or anything, just like all alone. I can't imagine.
definitely.
And you're right with
the society
we live in. It's um I think it's become more antisocial, not anti I don't like he's in Yeah. Yeah,
like less
social because like, you know, we have the smartphones and facebook um and before that, you know, everything was done in person and you know, it was a little bit more personable on the phone and then prior to the phone it was in person or you know, in the mail. So it's on farther and farther. Less social than it used to be. Yes, definitely. Really interesting. And I know they were saying how end suicide rates going up exponentially the pandemic. Yeah.
like
big
meetings,
like people are getting together and the video is really clear because I've been a part of stuff like that, like a few times actually. Yeah, I used to talk to the sky, there was a um he was a tibetan mark and it was really interesting. Used to like talk to people, I stopped being friends and he ended up being somebody that uh um we got into like a disagreement and he said some really, really, really nasty things, like they don't believe it. Yeah, and you could do in a month to um we stopped doing all of that. But yeah, he's a pretty odd individual. He didn't like it if people question his beliefs at all, because he kept talking about all, you know, you can't judge it dear, that's being hunted because you know, in its in its past lives it was most likely a pedophile. And I called him out on that and said, well how do
you know that for a fact? And he said, oh you know, it's part of my, you know, it's part of the tibetan tradition and will you have any proof of that? It was a pedophile or any of this? And he say, oh no, if you if you he pretty much made it clear to me that you know, if I question anything, he didn't want anything to do with me. So I don't know, it's pretty hardcore
into his beliefs I guess. But
part of that group, because
he
had
meditation
online, like buffet um with the monks. So I thought that was pretty interesting because I used to go to like an actual is in place in person. Mm Yeah. Yeah.
I
know.
it's really answer. Yeah, I have no problems with people with their beliefs and I'm going back to believe I was talking to a girl, I was going to meet her and everything but then she told me that you know she was in a psychiatric hospital because she was speaking tongues which is like some I don't know if you know that it was like a christian way of just like um mm Yes
and she was
saying
that
you know
you know they should have put me in here, I was speaking an ancient and she literally said this to me an ancient african language and it was, it was jesus talking to her and she was like a born again christian and I was like I'm not going to meet her, that's just too, too much for me. Yeah, it's just yeah,
that was really, really odd,
I think that was a mistake signing up on a christian dating at Yeah,
I was a christian dating thing. And the really hardcore, like I thought it would just be more like
a casual thing, but these people were really like hardcore instead of relief, like we're talking about um so I'm gonna stop and then like I would joke, be playful about it and bring up like, like there's a cool in the bible and I joke around my family about it and it says right in there, it's um the videocassette, I think it is. Yeah, yeah, and it says bring me either um two pigeons or two doves and one will be burnt as a sacrifice, and the other one kept as a sacrifice for sinning. And then, you know, and then people were calling me nuts when I put it on my profile and then I had to explain to them that it wasn't me saying it's from the bible and you didn't believe like what they've done, dove or fishing. Exactly. So I'm like, yeah, right here everything um their place to go to find
it. I thought that was really funny to have you mentioned like 1000 visions? No. Yeah.
He took
it
literal and
well, the thing was, he thought that I had, I was saying instead of quoting the bible people, somebody actually said he thought I was a psychopath. And so he found out that it was actually from the bible. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
And then since it's from the bible, then it's okay for it to be there. Yeah. Mhm.
So that was really funny. Do you do a lot of this work like prolific and
stuff
like that?
I've
been doing
it
for
about,
I'd say about a year and a half or so. It's not bad. Yeah, it's just Yeah, and there's all the sites to
that
do stuff like a user testing and Yeah.
I
heard
about
that
one. I've never
Oh, that's
Yeah, there's all kinds of research things out there now. Resources pretty interesting, definitely. What kind of research do you like the most like psychology and stuff like that? Mhm. Well, yeah,
that's cool. Yeah,
if it
No,
no, no, for
whom I
I do
computer
related work. Um right now I do I'm in the process like a career change of or trying to at least. But um I do mostly like a lot of them like quality assurance type work. Like people will tell me sort of like the stuff that's on your testing, don't ask me. Oh, you know, what do you think about this website or this application? Do you have any improvements? Uh You know, and then, you know, I have some other skills to like I can build websites pretty well. Uh Yeah, so I do like, like
stuff like
that, I like it because I can do it from home and because it allows a lot of flexibility in terms of like your schedule on them have to go in and like a particular time or anything like that. Uh
Yeah, I was
actually
looking
into that.
it's
Are
you still
looking
into
user
experience,
sir?
You're
on the Flash.
but I was actually reading a book
on that
now, let's just and everything. Yeah, interesting.
Yeah, it's
not
bad.
I'm thinking about doing it or looking into it at least because um yeah, it's not bad and I got a whole user experiencing, it's pretty interesting. I like talking to people and, but you said during the first. Yeah.
Yes. That's really interesting. And I don't know, it's not bad. It's funny how I found out about user experiences because this girl was interviewing me and it said um she actually put her name on the, on the video as, and I thought that was kind of because normally it's anonymous when you do like these interviews. So activity, I looked up her name on Lincoln. You see, you know how these people get these kind of jobs because it seems kind of like, it seems like in my alley and I found out she was a user experience um person and then I looked up and I went on, I, I think it was a monster or some other jobs. So I just looking up and it pays really well surprised like whoa. Like that's crazy. Yeah.
I was
looking
into
that as
well
and
I
still
am like they had you ever heard of a humble bundle? I'm a bundle. I ring a bell at all. We have become,
do you normally they
used to have a lot
of video
game bundles but lately they've been having a lot of books on those and he had a lot of them on a on a data analysis and data science. And he had these books on certificates like you know the A plus and then things well beyond it like network certification. I got a few of them and I started um yeah I started reading some of them but I think you have to find really would really interest you like when it comes to these topics
because of one book I I this is gonna sound kind of silly maybe but every time I go to pick it up there be that it actually literally put me to sleep. Like I was falling asleep. I was trying to learn the stuff like my dad. I can't I can't do this because this topic is actually making me go to sleep early early. Uh huh. It is extremely
dry.
Like I was
talking about like
security and how this thing leads to this and I'm like falling asleep like okay like and waking up Like I don't know how much days you can pay $100 an hour. I'm just I don't know if you something like that, it'll put me to sleep.
We have security.
no
no
this
was actually
this was it wasn't a plus for this network security certificate or something like that. Yeah it
was just put me to sleep and I'm like oh my God it's just such a boring topic. Like people online are suggesting you know there was like you know discussion boards where people were suggesting different certificates to get and I have family
members that tell me oh you know get this certificate and I look into it and start reading on the topic that starts putting you to sleep I'm tired. Okay.
All
that sounds pretty
interesting.
It sounds kind of explaining.
No
no
never heard
of that. I don't want a tv jail.
Just
the
one
lady
that was a hit early. Yeah because you actually seems a nice lady like I didn't want to
I
don't
mean to sound mean or anything for um talking like I don't want to talk low on her, but just the way she
herself
and she even admitted to being
one. So in a way I think. Yeah, but she gave me some really good suggestions for like websites or they give you free stuff. Yeah. But yeah, if you want to keep in touch, we can do that. I don't that'd be cool. You know? Um It depends on what thing you want to give me. I guess I'm on facebook or whatever.
Keep
in touch
with anyone else
that you
talked
to or?
I'm very concerned. Pretty friendly
person.
Yeah, definitely. I would be making, you know, keep in touch and everything that be cool. I have faced with. I
had a good
conversation.
Right.
just
look up
carol.
Is there a way I can type in here? I can probably just send you the link actually, if you want. Probably
work a lot
better.
yeah, I guess you can. Well, um look up um Michael and then um Warren, W A R R E N and then put in junior and then you should see the guy shooting a bow. Yeah. Yeah. Because I I built bows in my free time. To. That's like one of the things that I am.