Mhm. Uh huh. Hey, what's up? Two of my men,
yep, I got you.
Cool, cool. What's up with you?
Right, Right. I think that's everybody. Almost everybody thinks like everybody is pretty much how?
Oh, definitely East. I'm like out Buffalo Way.
Oh, nice. Yeah, so I'm in new york and it's just as wonderful here. So I think we might even be going into red next week. Is that that rings a bell with you? So like people have depleted all the toilet paper again, all the paper towels and you know, they're doing all that crap. So it's awesome here, I can't really go anywhere. We have to be home, like, I think it's like eight o'clock or something.
Yeah, they're implementing that crap again, it's it's just a whole bunch of fun over here. What?
What?
That's good.
That's good. Yeah, I mean we have obviously like food delivery and whatnot, but they have to end I think at like eight o'clock. So that sucks for a lot of people. Well, like what restrictions do you guys have?
Got you,
I know, I mean we're going to have the same scenario, but it's just gonna be piles of snow pretty soon here, surprised.
Honestly.
Oh my gosh, you usually not have much outside area, It's just like a storefront.
Good
gotcha. Yeah. Yeah, I mean we have some storefronts here, but like a lot of places have a lot of land, like it's a little more separated. Um So like they have done that, I've heard like a couple streets where it's like super densely packed stores or they don't have much area, but a lot of the guys, they already had a lot of outside, so a lot of them have just like utilized that. Or like some people have built onto their building, like they built like a, like a ventilated but covered area. So it just has like an overhead but there's not like many walls. So it's like open air. I've seen a lot of that so they're making do. But again like with all the shutdowns there, like you know our governor, he's just he's just all like, like if anything is, if we're like even with you guys, he's like, you know, shutting down twice as hard because he doesn't want to be like, you know that state that everybody looks at when things are really bad. So.
Yeah. I mean new york was the first worst state, right? That was my first began. And he's just like, he was like riding this ego thing like you know, we got over this were the best. Now. He had like a chart mountain graph and like here's where we are. You know, he was all touting how good everything was And I mean he's getting a lot of flak lately. So I think that's why he's really like shutting down so he can like make sure he's not that state again because he feels like, I mean I think he just feels like it's going to hurt his numbers, you know, so we can't get reelected. But who really knows now?
Yeah. Right. I mean it's promising. But like, I mean my thing is like, I don't know on supply like how are they going to do that? Right. I mean you even have like people that have gotten covid twice. So like does that mean you're going to have to get the vaccine more frequently as well? Because people like the antibodies you develop like they don't last as long, you know,
yep you know, even more frequently potentially because some people are getting covid twice within like three months. So I don't know you know that's a lot of people it's a lot we have to go around with. Right.
How cold did you see it was like I heard one thing but they really weren't sure. Mhm.
Yeah I heard something like 70 below or something like something below what like any normal freezer would go.
units.
Yeah they got to get like these special units and whatnot. And it's like I don't know how you're going to do that without much supply. So again like a demand thing right? Supply and demand. It's like how are we going to get this out to everybody? Give
long
time.
Yeah but I guess I guess it's a start though. Right? It's better than nothing. Yeah.
Yeah. Right. I mean it does like I was saying it does some, but again, it's not it's not the answer. It's just like a start to an answer I guess. Because like maybe you can take that then and like, you know, jen to it and then that that won't require the cold
stores maybe or something. Right? So I think it's just like a start. That's really what I'm thinking. So what do you do when you get bored now now that you have to just hang out and not go anywhere?
that's a good move.
Is it worth it? And once you do like some, some careers, like it's worth it to get the degree, others, it's kind of like it's nice to have, it's not like the biggest thing.
But
anyways you said you're thinking of doing it anyways
like if you did that, would you then get out? And if jobs still some kind of just do like the research and whatnot, like
go for those additional we're gonna get otherwise.
Yeah, true enough. Right. That's very true. And like what you said you're doing, like that seems kind of like you could do it a lot of it remotely so
that's kind
of
right. Right. I'm just thinking like once they get rid of those freezes it would be pretty quick to pick up your, wow, so that'll be good. Okay.
I know because I mean the thing is to like all those companies, they they're in a different position now than they were a year ago, right? Like financially like are they ready for growth, are they ready to bring more people on, you know like do they have the funds to do all that crap like I I don't know. You know are they even they're still like a lot of companies are dissolving so but then again like where there's people without jobs you know if they maybe if they get like grants out there and like funding for them like other people start up companies. So I guess we just got to wait and see how things go. Right.
That's cool.
I got you. I got you. Now. Is this just you said we like is it did you guys like you and other people that are in the program? Did you go in and like a business together? Is that the idea
what?
Right. Right. I mean is it even going like you say it's tricky. Are you are you being polite with respect to your labeling or is it is it actually doing halfway Okay. Like are you guys is it floating? Uh huh.
Trip.
No.
It's
School. Yeah. I mean maybe something good that will pick up after these things are over and you guys can actually sell out in person again.
Write your skin is out of the game. I got you.
Right. Why soap? Like, why did you get into soap and candles?
Right. So it's like a hell slash environmentally friendly product that you saw like a need for or that you were just interested in?
They're not 100% them.
Yeah. Really? They just see like the label, right? And they just seem like the claims on it. So they just hit like the highlights, Right? They don't look at the day. It's very true. Let's
do that.
Mhm. You don't have to do that for online, like what channels do you market through?
mm hmm, interesting. You know why?
interesting. So it's like they're sold somehow before they even get there, you know what I mean? Like the other guys are like more skeptical to check out more, I don't know that, I'm just guessing there.
Yeah, that is interesting. Like, are you guys doing anything with that information?
right. And I got to ask, what do you do with the marble?
What
help?
Okay, I got you.
God, is that like a new thing for you guys, you're just starting to do?
Okay. And so you're just trying to diversify, like, expand into like related products?
interesting. I would not think that, you know, usually
talk.
Yeah. Okay. It is surprising and it's still cheaper than getting it, like it's still cheaper to get a ship than to get anything local then.
Yes, everybody is deciding to add an addition on their house. That seems so
Mhm, yep. That's what we're finding here to like, if you want to get lumber like in Buffalo, you think second biggest city in the state, right? You can't get it, you can't get any, you can get some, but like if you want something specific, you're not going to probably get that. You know, you a lot of what those specifics are gone and they're out of certain types. So I imagine it's the same with that because I guess like everybody is doing construction stuff right now. Yeah,
yeah, people are bored between that all sales. Like
there's this dude, the town I grew up and he used to be a teacher, he taught me like tech when I was back in high school right? And he opened a liquor store, he retired from that. And I guess he sold within like two weeks after this first started he sold more than he did in three years in two weeks to give you an idea like it was just like everybody just wanted alcohol like when your first shot in and that's all they were doing like building projects like you couldn't get lumber at Home Depot and you couldn't get alcohol because he had to like shit more in. And he sold that much and he said like you were just coming in and anything he had they were just buying because at that point that you probably didn't have what they wanted and he like was selling out of almost everything. Like the shelves are pretty bad. Yeah.
that's crazy. I didn't know they did that. All
Yeah I hear you all right man. I got to run well
but when your time though but you taught me a lot about what you do. It was cool man. Mhm.