Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Uh huh, mm. Well, so, mm hmm. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh, whoa. Mhm. World, Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh all the world is going on paul. For for home. Mhm. Thanks. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. But Mhm. Right. Yeah. Mhm.
Hello? Can you hear me?
Perfect.
Uh Nothing much just been in the day, university students. So everything's from home these days.
Yeah. Yeah. Where are you located? West Coast, East Coast,
Okay. When the West Coast in Seattle? So we have a new lockdown order for four weeks.
Yeah. Oh you guys got curfews over there?
Yeah, you don't have thankfully don't have all that stuff because I
am
delivery. So I do food delivery by night usually because I take my classes during the day and do that. So thanks for there's there's no curfews or any of that stuff.
Um we basically just have no in person dying us that they took away. So like and they just reduce the amount of people that can be like in retail stores, so non essential stuff. Um They don't really close anything just besides like limiting in person stuff. So basically said like if it can be done outside, do it outside.
Um But it is the pacific northwest, so it's that means night rain 90% of the time. So. Yeah.
Thank you.
Yeah, I think the city here's have been pretty leaning in. Like now they're letting restaurants, like basically they close off complete streets and let them put patios and things seating all in that street to kind of keep them, keep them alive.
Yeah, usually especially
in the downtown areas um like capitol hill, just popular place, so basically just shut down like the entire street made a pedestrian only and then let restaurants basically put seating all the way on the street.
I think that's the right now is Callie isn't it? Aren't they the worst or there you know?
Yeah it's interesting. I mean all the vaccine used to this past week. Mhm.
Yeah. I wonder if it's gonna become like a seasonal thing like the flu shot.
Yeah. Well I think from what I was reading is that it requires cold storage. Like really good cold storage. So for both countries it doesn't really work. It's basically just western countries how we develop we sell.
Um I can't recall I know that it was only good for seven days after unfreezing it.
Yeah. Yeah it's like cold tea
cold storage something like that.
I was really
I mean
basically it's only like the U. S. And a few countries that can really do it.
I mean it's I guess the worry then just becomes if only a few countries can really afford to do it. I mean does it really do that much? I mean because global travel is still probably gonna be dead
and.
well it's basically just been school and work. So I was actually graduated in june in the middle of a pandemic. So we had our graduation online. Um But kind of seeing the job market start to evaporate in March kinda like forced me to go into a master's program. So I'm currently finishing up my masters.
Um And here I was thinking you know when I grew up because I'm supposed to graduate again this coming june you know things will be better but you know it seems that things might be improving but not at the rate that I kind of thought so uh we'll see how it goes, how the job market is. Um Am I test it or decide to just keep going the PhD route? We'll see.
Yeah. So mine is financing marketing, so that's that's my undergrad and I mean there are really only real added benefit to going. The PhD route is mostly just if I wanted to really become a professor at the university level. I mean that's being involved in research related to finance, things like that. I don't think once once you achieve the masters of, I don't think there's really an added benefit in most workplace settings. So Masters
made
Um Only so I'm not applying right now, basically gonna just try the job market for a year. And I mean if I really just in a place that I can't get something that uh where I like or in kind of the field that I want or anything, then I might just go the other out. Uh, So we'll see. Yeah,
well,
I would be graduating at that point in 2022 to 2023. So if things are still bad by then, then we probably have other issues.
it's just
mainly,
yeah, mainly just the hiring freezes that affect its the war can still be done remotely. But most of those companies just have hiring freezes right now, so they aren't even recruiting at the university level at all.
hopefully, hopefully. I mean, they're saying that if the vaccines turned out, well the economy should recover and those freezes should lift, but who knows.
Yeah, it'll be interesting. Speaking of companies, that's uh, that's one thing that I'm doing my Masters in entrepreneurship and with the focus again and finance and stuff. and one of the requirements is that you kind of have to start a small business. The university partially funds it, invest in the company. You can then decide to take it out of the university if it's successful, if it's not, essentially the university is willing to eat most of the losses.
Um So we decided to start a home decor business, candles, soaps, that kind of stuff, but it's been tricky trying to do it all online because those things are sent or touch, so most people don't really want to buy them online. It's like, you don't, I mean you can see the scent described but you can't really smell it, can you feel the soap? So it's been tricky.
Yeah, the idea is, yeah, you form a team, you going at the university can, will fund up to $10,000 and then
um you guys can start it um And then like I said you can take it out of the university later when you graduate. Um You owned I. P. Um They just basically with they own would technically be the inventory. So um that's how we do, we we sold at the farmers market basically every thursday. But it's been tricky to find in person events just because of Covid again basically the only places farmers market because it's technically considered a grocery store which is an essential business. Um And it's outside, but that's about it, like anything else is tricky besides that's just online.
it's um so we've been slowly growing our inventory because so by far is really selling well. So we we
started it out in in february, so like about a month right before the pandemic and we had about $2500 in sales for just candles. It was great. But then the pandemic kind of hidden that basically evaporated Mother's Day kind of picked up again to about 1000.
But lately we haven't really been having much candle sells because there are more on the expensive side because we use kind of premium ingredients. Um So coconut wax, wooden wicks, that kind of thing and it's supposed to last longer smell nicer, things like that. But I guess people are a little bit more price sensitive now and it makes sense. Um Soaps is a much easier sell, you know at $567. It's people buy those both more in person and online um candle cells are basically just stayed now at like 2 $300 a month, that's
about it. So
yeah, I mean we've been trying things to like uh the home decor stuff. So we've been um importing marble from Mexico. We're looking at coconut products from Vietnam and alpaca products from chile because we have people, we have team members that have families or know people from those countries. So right now we have some marble coming in should arrive right after I think by cyber monday. So on the 30th of this month, hopefully in time for holiday sales. So we've been trying some of that to trying to just diversify, see what works. I guess the benefit of being underneath the university is just that if it all kind of goes downhill it's not too much on us, it's like
So yeah just trying different things to see what works what doesn't and uh and if we find something that really really works and picks up especially before june of next year, then we might take it out of the university, we'll see how that goes.
So candles mainly because it was more from the environmental aspects. So a lot of soaps are candles use paraffin wax, which is a petroleum derived product and when you burn it and enclosed spaces for prolonged periods of time, it can kind of give certain chemicals off. Um that are not necessarily bad for you if you're in an open space, but if you're in an enclosed space it can be. And so we're trying to think um we wanted to kind of hit two things. We wanted to make a product that's better but also more environmentally friendly. So without sacrificing quality because paraffin wax is really good at releasing sent and his wife visit and it's cheap. Um So we decided to use coconut wax because it releases sent even better than paraffin wax. The one downside is cost. But the upside is it's more environmentally friendly without sacrificing any of the quality attributes. It's great send throw it lasts longer. Um We use 11 ounces in our candles. Normal candle wax would probably burn about 60 to 70 hours are burns up to 100. So we get that from just using coconut wax and a wooden wick. Um So it's kind of those that kind of led us into the candle route and same thing to the so proud just trying to keep stuff on the label that you can actually read and understand um keeper long chemical names that you know we don't even know what it actually means.
Um So we were kind interested in but also because there's kind of a lack of it. I mean there's a lot of greenwashing especially here in Seattle because it's supposedly environmentally friendly city. Um But a lot of the products that say they're green or eco friendly if you actually read the label, like they may be packaged in a nice brown recycled packaging and what not, but when you actually read the ingredient label, a lot of them can still contain not all of the chemicals but still some of them that you find in like big brand names. Sure.
Yeah. So yeah, I I assume that's something similar that happens in other cities to that are kind of more eco friendly focus that there's a lot of greenwashing and just to appeal to the to the consumer, but because consumers sometimes don't necessarily read.
and
so that's how you want to focus more on the burn time and the quality aspect of of our product, it's kind of like here's our product, it's higher quality, it burns longer, burns better, it smells better and it's sustainable. It's kind of like the sustainability is second just because I guess some people to like um they don't want to make a sacrifice, like sometimes I feel like if you want to be environmentally friendly you got to make a sacrifice in some aspect of the quality of the product.
So we use Shopify um and we basically, it's pretty well integrated with google ads and instagram um instagram and facebook are great for getting page views and people spending more time on the website, but in terms of actual purchasing, google ads has done much better for us.
Um We really don't. It's kind of perplexes also just because they sit around for roughly two minutes in facebook, if it's the incoming traffic from facebook or instagram, they looked through various pages, some people added to the cart, very little checkouts. I think maybe we might get $100 in sales a month from them. Our as google probably every month we get at least $1000 in sales from them just because they spend less time, but they actually do add it to cart and go through with the whole purchase process.
Yeah. And it's interesting because instagram ads um are more image based and google ads. Most text, mostly text based. So there is something there but it almost is counterintuitive because you would think if they're looking at the product and they go and learn more about it, um they'd be more willing to purchase but it seems that they're more willing to purchase. If they read the description, go to the website, look at the product, agree with it and then go and purchase.
Uh Not yet right now, we've honestly been more focused on just bringing the products in um for the past month or so, so yeah, that's kind of saying we're trying to bring products from other countries and uh that's been challenging with Covid and shipping, so
so
we make coasters out of it and uh
plant potters
and its artisan made, so it's, the finish is really nice. Um but also we have the ability to kind of make whatever you want. So we kind of expect out four inch and 3.5 inch coasters to bring here. But I mean if someone wanted like a large platter, we can turn around is about 3 to 4 weeks, that includes shipping time so we can get it done.
Yeah, yeah, so that's kind of basically under our home decor area of our business, so that and uh we're looking in the products made out of sea grass or coconut um too. so
yeah basically and see what kind of what kind of works. Um I was like actually honest surprise little bit shipping isn't as much as I would think it would be, you know marbles pretty heavy but shipping it 3000 miles isn't actually that expensive.
I think it's I think
it's like 6 £700 of marble and it's only like 300 ish dollars to ship it something like that.
Yes, and also just from a turnaround time, like I don't know what's your experience there with basically anything that might have to do with building material related, but it's like a 4 to 5 month lead time, it's just absolutely nuts,
so because they use some marble for countertops at the local places we talked to and things like that, it's just yeah it's 4 to 5 months out, it's crazy.
Yeah, it's kind of crazy that so much construction is going on. It's
I don't get it. But uh
Yeah, that's great. Yeah, I saw that in Mexico because they banned the sale of alcohol early on in the pandemic and basically we're just lines in front of the Costco's in Mexico just for hours and hours, people just trying to buy it before the deadline. Uh huh.
they shut down production for like a month.
Here.
All right here.