SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: How you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Hey, You can hear me
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I can hear you. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Before yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Artist factor thing. So uh how are you doing in the uh with the uh with the virus?
SPEAKER_R: I mean, you know, I'm taking it pretty well. I'm just trying to stay inside as much as I can and just trying not to jeopardize the health of anywhere near me or you know, in my community.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm in Jersey so it's it's rough around here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's what I've heard up there in New Jersey and new york is pretty bad. I'm down here in Miami florida where it's um, it was bad, but I guess at this point um at least in florida were starting to plateau a little bit, so um, you know, just trying to keep that and then hopefully, you know, see a decrease. So
SPEAKER_L: That's good. Your dolphin fin
SPEAKER_R: um not exactly. I'm not a big football fan in general. I do like basketball a lot though.
SPEAKER_L: as you can see behind me. I'm a dolphins fan so
SPEAKER_R: that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I was like Miami I was like uh maybe a dolphin fan.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You heard about don sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I know that's rough.
SPEAKER_R: It's pretty sad.
SPEAKER_L: Oh he's a legend.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, for sure. Um, down here in Miami a lot of places are named after him, gyms, restaurants, like apartment complexes, so Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah it's rough for everybody. Not only you know just for a you know heroic purposes. You know anything for you know role models anything you know the guy that you know he was a great coach. He did a lot of things. So it's good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's cool. Um I didn't catch your name by the way, I'm Darius yours
SPEAKER_L: I'm scott
SPEAKER_R: scott. Nice to meet you scott,
SPEAKER_L: how you doing there is how you doing?
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty good. Um uh I mean you know Um I'm hoping that the situation like where you're from, new jersey New York gets a lot better as far as the virus because um I'm I'm 18 and um I'm basically waiting to go into college and I just finished my senior year and I'm actually going, I don't know if you've heard heard of the best university in upstate like central new york called Colgate University.
SPEAKER_L: I heard a Colgate but I haven't woody called uh I don't really know much about it but I've heard of it though.
SPEAKER_R: Right, okay, so that's where I'm heading, that's in Hamilton, if you know where that's at.
SPEAKER_L: Um I know we're called um I don't know if I know where that is actually.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's in like upstate central new york, like an hour away from Ithaca Cornell University and like around that area. So that's where I'll be heading to college. So you know, hopefully my first semester of college isn't online because you know I really I would really like to experience my first semester of college.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's gonna be rough. Especially uh duty calls if you're you know transmit going to college for the first time. That's profit.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Exactly so just hoping things can kind of clear up and and I'm just hoping that everyone is doing their part most of the most part. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's rough. Which major we're looking for.
SPEAKER_R: Biology.
SPEAKER_L: Probably that's good. So you're That's good. Yeah I went I went to college a long time ago but 20 years ago.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What did you study?
SPEAKER_L: I just I just the general business because I didn't know what I wanted to do. So I did business. I mean I hated it because you know it was just like I was just like it's a degree but you know I don't know what I want to go for. So but
SPEAKER_R: How they
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: end up working out for you?
SPEAKER_L: I got the associates degree but that's pretty much all I did. I got to associate. I mean something but.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Exactly. Ben and nothing.
SPEAKER_L: Well exactly. I mean it's I mean obviously nowadays you pretty much if you don't have a bachelor's it's rough and then what do you call it? Pretty much everybody's going for their masters. That's just the way it is. But but that's just that's just the way it is.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Exactly and you know a lot of people can like you know don't even want to pursue you know even their associates so I think that's just you know being even if it's something as slight as the associates are still a few steps ahead of other people, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah but the funny part is it's pretty ironic because you know you figure education would get you more success but a lot of times now they're saying now is a little bit businesses they don't want to hire people degrees because people without degrees they can pay less and like I said it was probably might actually be more motivated because then they know they have to work harder for making money. So it's like it's kind of like a double edged sword you know what I mean? It's like if you've got a person because you've got a person in the masters you know like I said obviously they're educated and they're you know they got a degree in all but you've got to pay them $60,000 for a person you gotta associate or fashion, you want to pay $40,000, you get the same amount of work like Gi whatever they're going to hire.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. No that definitely makes a lot of sense. I've never actually thought about it like that but you know from like a business standpoint and you know managing your finances and your employees I think that makes a lot of sense,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah that's that's what they're saying a lot of places just not hiring overqualified people now. I mean like I said certain fields you want a choice. I mean you're going to be a you know a surgeon or something like that. I mean you got to be educated, you gotta be smart, you gotta gotta be good. But you know obviously if you're like, you know your store manager like a dollar store. I mean like give me a break. I mean how much education you really need to be a
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: dollar measure. You know, do our story. I mean you know, you gotta associates grade and you're smart
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: 20 today. I mean really.
SPEAKER_R: exactly as long as like you know for a job like that I don't think it's really intelligence you need but more like competence, you know if that makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. Exactly. I mean it just is what you're doing. I mean you know it just varies
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay so what do you do now for a job if you don't mind me asking?
SPEAKER_L: right now. I'm unemployed. But that's just because like I said, part of it is just, you know, the stuff going on and you know, because I still live, you know with a booty call with my family and stuff like that. So like what we call it's just it's just you got to be careful with what's going on and stuff like that right now.
SPEAKER_R: but yeah exactly you know just trying to keep everyone safe and yeah I think that's what a lot of people are not understanding, it's not just you getting sick but people that you know you know they may be older they may be more susceptible so it's just you know doing your report helps out a lot of people that you may care about, but that's not something a lot of people think about, like, you know, off off the rip. Yeah. So I mean how are you keeping busy during quarantine?
SPEAKER_L: pretty much just just hanging with my family and just you know, just finding who used to just get, you know kill, you know, just kind of like kill time and just, you know, find stuff to do really just, it's just tough because like I said you know I mean basically just doing like online survey stuff like that. I mean you gotta do what you gotta do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly. So, you know, I'm trying to head into college with, you know, some pocket change to, you know, kind of alleviate the stress off my parents online surveys, things like that. Just trying to get anything I can at this point.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah absolutely because I mean you know I mean a lot of people like I said there you know I understand that you know they're like looking like oh moochie, I'm making a whopping dollars, stuff like that. But it's like you know we got a dollar here alright adds up. I mean you know like I said a person
SPEAKER_R: Exactly.
SPEAKER_L: I know because like you got 30 million unemployed Americans nowadays. I mean like I said I mean even if you get $20 in a day, I mean it's $20 more you have if you have nothing
SPEAKER_R: exactly. That's
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: I think that's something a lot of people skip out on, they just kind of look for the number and just try to go as high as possible and sometimes they miss it completely. And you know, you have people like us who are consistently, even though it's a small amount of money, it does add up like you said.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah exactly. I mean it's just I mean like I said I mean it adds up I mean before you look at me like I'm $100. I mean, I mean it's not a ton of money, but it's $100 you have if you, you know, if you know, if you didn't even attempt to make any money.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Exactly. And it's not it's not that hard either. Like from, you know, talking about surveys, it's not ridiculously hard. As long as you can just uh you know, allocate some of your attention for a little bit and just answer the questions. Not hard.
SPEAKER_L: No, no, absolutely. It's just it's just a matter of tolerances. So it comes down to because you know, I mean stuff like I said, you know, you're sitting on it for 20 minutes and like why am I doing this? You know, especially just repetitive stuff you do over and over and over. You know, it's like, but then other times, like I said, you get those times where you do five minutes and you're making like three hours, five minutes. It's like, yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: uh do you have any hobbies?
SPEAKER_L: Just like, you know, mostly sports the same thing, like video games. You know what he called? Sports, video games, uh what you call it? Um you know, like sports in general, and NFL you know, stuff like that, That's pretty much that internet going there all day, pretty much, you know, stuff like that, you know, play basketball, going to outside, stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. So I think for me, um the only sports I follow kind of majorly would be basketball, obviously. Now there's not much to follow, but you know, when it is in season and you know, when everything's back to normal, I'm, you know, I'm a big basketball fan and um I play basketball myself, not like just recreationally like with a few friends and never played for like a, like a team is just more of a hobby. Another hobby I have. As far as sports is I like to skateboard. So is that scott government?
SPEAKER_L: That's good. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I thought we got cut out.
SPEAKER_L: I'm still here. I hear you, yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: hear, you know, you're yeah, I know your sides kind of little uh if he
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: too, I think it's just
SPEAKER_R: Is it good?
SPEAKER_L: because I got I'm on a Wifi through for an ipad and I don't know what you're
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm just going through my data right now. Can you hear me? All right, and see me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can hear you now. It's just you're you're kind of like all over the place, you're probably doing on like a smartphone, right? Yeah, I'm doing on the ipad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. Um Yeah, so I also play, you know, a lot of Pc games, I've never like when I was smaller, I played a lot of console games, but now I'm just mainly on the pc. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I like uh like I said when I was young, I played a lot of the console games. Then when I was in college I played a lot of Pc games because I was playing like NHL and stuff like that, and it's fun like having all these people and like, talking trash and stuff like that. It's just but then after that, like, now I pretty much to play console, but it was great because I said I would have liked playing, you know, the NHL and stuff like that. I go out there and like, you know, score a couple of old stuff. Again, I thought I was traveling like, oh, you wish you could get in there. And some of the guys like, great because you have these little kids and stuff like that, and they're like, you know, like, hey man, I'll go tell my parents and stuff like that. It was great. And then you have these other people are like, you know like that whatever you got lucky and stuff like that. It's just great. But
SPEAKER_R: So I think, you know, I've always liked playing video games ever since I was a kid. That's kind of what I've grown up with and so yeah, I've always liked video games and I think it's just the way that I can connect with people and you know, just like, you know, a lot of the friends I have now or because of the games that I've played, so.
SPEAKER_L: that's good. That's good to know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've kind of seen the full spectrum of video games because like I said, you know that was good. I was playing Atari and stuff like that and how you know my, my Xbox and stuff like that. So I have seen the full spectrum of video
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: games.
SPEAKER_R: progression. That's so cool. That's actually
SPEAKER_L: It's because like I I even have, like I said, I still have an Atari lynx which is like, you know like one of the original like color pretty cold handouts. I still have it but I still got territory links. It's I mean it's it's definitely a very old school but it's still, it's fun to play everyone tomorrow.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are you hanging on for that for how you hang on to that for like keepsake or you plan on selling it? Like what's the move with that?
SPEAKER_L: I'll probably keep it because it's just one of those things. It's just like, it's so rare now and like, you know, it's just like I said, it's just it's just need to have something, you know, nostalgic and everything like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly. But I could probably go for a pretty penny, definitely.
SPEAKER_L: If it was in mint condition. Absolutely. But it's definitely it's far from it. I know that's what you mean
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I feel you. Um So yeah, I mean that's that's cool and uh so what video games you played primarily?
SPEAKER_L: mostly sports but I like, you know roleplayer, third person, the third person type games and stuff like that. Because my, you know, my my other brother and stuff like that, he plays a lot of my watching playing stuff like it's great because like you watch it, it's like you're literally like watching adventure and you're like part of the adventure. It's it's it's it's cool you know like watching those type of ones because he has like a, you know, Xbox 3 60. It's you know, it's uh it's pretty cool because he's playing games like, like two worlds always like, like really good role playing games. It's it's his knee because you said, you know, living up like literally like being watching an adventure,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, for sure. Yeah, and that's really cool. I have a brother, he's younger than me, I'm 18, he's 16. And so yeah, you know, I've always been the older brother, but only by two years or so, so it's not like what a lot of people see, you know when they think of a big brother to think of, you know, someone who's always helping out, you know, the younger brother and like being a role model, but we're only two years apart, so there wasn't always a huge difference for us. I think that's something like a lot of people don't realize. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: So. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: It's probably more competitive though, unfortunately for you. Obviously.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Um but you know, I think we're really close and you know, it's just kind of, I think it's it's cool to have someone like my brother because we're similar, but we're different in a lot of ways. So um you know, we always learn and we always talk and you know, it's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Gotcha. That's always good. Yeah, I'm kind of the same way with my brothers too because I got older and younger, so I'm kind of the same way. It's pretty much a four year gap between all all of us. So like I said, it's not like what you call it um you know, like a tremendous gap, but it's enough where, you know, like I said, one person starting, you know, high school, another person's you know, in between, you know, like uh starting uh you know, middle school, stuff like that. So it's like it's a gap but it's like you know, when you're younger, obviously it's a big gap, but when you're older it's nothing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly. So um you know, it's just I think it's I think it's a you experience not not in a very different way but just having a brother or a sibling in general just allows you to have a special type of connection that some people just don't. And I think it's cool. Yeah. So where's your family from
SPEAKER_L: Um like I said, we're in New Jersey, I just don't want to go into too much detail just because you know
SPEAKER_R: confidentiality? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: it's,
SPEAKER_R: I completely understand.
SPEAKER_L: it's, it's recorded and everything like that, you know? I think so.
SPEAKER_R: No I completely understand. I understand.
SPEAKER_L: right. Yeah. I understand. Like New Jersey's as far as I want to go.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No. No. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: My bed.
SPEAKER_L: know you said Miami, but you know, I don't want to go far too too far.
SPEAKER_R: No I understand that, that's my bad but
SPEAKER_L: because I recorded so
SPEAKER_R: no. Yeah. Okay. Um Yeah, so I mean have you picked up any new hobbies because of quarantine or?
SPEAKER_L: not too much. I mean learning, learning, learning to wear mask face message, but what exactly how happy but you know, but you know, it's pretty much more just more than a hobby because you know, face mess and public is not fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think they're very uncomfortable. I don't like wearing them all that much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly. It's not fun. But you know, it's, you know, you just don't know, you know who you're going to be around. You don't know, you you never know, I mean someday you might go see your grandmother or something like that, you know, you just never know and you don't want to be like, oh yeah, sorry grandma got you sick, you know, it's like you don't want that to happen, obviously,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think you know, even though it's um you know even though it's uncomfortable for like you know the half an hour there in the grocery store. I think it makes you know the world of a difference. So I think it's you know, definitely a powerful tool as far as you know keeping safe and keeping others safe.
SPEAKER_L: correct. Oh yeah, absolutely,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: that's good,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um Your big reader.
SPEAKER_L: nah, never had, never had part of his, I'm just a really, really slow reader, but you know, it's just tough for me to really focus and like, you know, like take it in because I almost have to like narrated in my head, like really, really ingrain it into my head. It's like hard to really hard for me to read and stuff like that just takes me a really long time to get it. But I mean when I read it, I remember pretty much what I gotta do, but it's just like I like narrative my head and we really really slow so it's tough so it's not fun for me. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: so I'm kind of the same way, I never liked reading all that much, but every now and again I might pick up a book like if the general summary of it is interesting. Um Yeah, I mean you know, as far as subjects go, I like history and obviously science, but yeah, I'm not I'm not a history buff, but I think history is interesting and I was like learning about history, so if I do read a book, typically it's about history.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I don't blame you there like I said because like you know there's like you said before like you know something's interesting like um you know years back I say about 10, maybe 10 years ago they had the steve jobs book. I'm interested in seeing that, but I you know, I never read it yet but I'm actually interested in reading that because you know steve jobs pretty cool dude, you know it's obviously a very innovative food. I've seen his movies and you know seemed like a very creative food.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And you know speaking of movies that's actually something like Quarantines pushed me to do, just watch a lot of movies, different things, something like, you know, other things I'm rewatching because I liked him so much or just watching um new things for the first time just to try it out, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, absolutely. I mean what would uh what's your favorite kind of genre?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I think maybe I like action or mystery and I like those types of movies. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm the same way to comedy. Comedy is up there too, definitely.
SPEAKER_R: for sure. I definitely missed that one. Comedy for sure. Com is really good.
SPEAKER_L: I always watch Adam Sandler Will Farrell, you know any of those type of people? They are great
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm. Um, I mean a show that I recently watched that, you know, it really is far overdue is breaking bag. I watched that for the first time.
SPEAKER_L: Breaking Bad trying to think. Oh yeah actual tv show. Okay I got you. I know it started I was always curious about. Yeah I thought in the movie I was just thinking like Breaking Bad I'm like yeah
SPEAKER_R: No, the show. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah actually I was always curious about that just like I'm curious about The Walking Dead even though it's you know zombie stuff. I'm just curious but I never watched it so I'm like the same thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well that's the thing. Like I don't, I don't like watching a lot of things that are so off, you know, outside the scope of reality, like, like a whole lot of sci fi stuff I'm not really into, but like, you know, with Breaking bad, the whole premise is just producing and selling drugs and so for them, I think for the most part they stay inside the realm of reality. Whereas, you know, obviously he said walking dead zombies. So I don't think that's something that would interest me really.
SPEAKER_L: well I'm just curious because like I said it's so popular I'm like why is it so popular? You know I mean you know I mean because I'm like well what's so great about you know I mean some of those things I mean you know what I mean? Because like there are some some movies are actually pretty good. Like um was World War Z is actually a pretty good movie. Like I want I wanted to um this zombie like apocalypse. That movie is pretty good actually at World War Z. It was actually a pretty good film. And then there's like, you know like movies like the Mummy and stuff like that. It's not a zombie movie but I mean it's in that you know uh category I guess you could say like you know like off the wall like you know like apocalypse that movies
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I feel
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: but yeah, I know what you're saying. No. But yeah, there's there's a lot of shows like you know you just just don't know until you watch it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, precisely. Um, so yeah, I think just because of quarantine and I'm, you know, watching different things or trying to watch new things, but sometimes trying to watch new things, it's hard just because you don't know anything about it, especially when you haven't had a friend recommended to you or you haven't read anything, you're just watching it. You know, just because it's, it's been recommended to you by like, you know, like a, like a streaming service, you just decided to watch it I think can be a little bit difficult.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I'm trying to go as long as I can to be anti anti streaming just because I'm just trying to stick with cable as long as possible. I'm just traditional. But eventually I thinking down the road, you didn't have to go to streaming just because it's so much cheaper than like cable companies. They just, they just totally take it for like everything. There's just so much money.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And you know, I think the transition is definitely to streaming services. Um, I don't know, I'm not particularly sure if cables going out of business or if it's on a decline or anything like that, but I'm, you know, I think streaming services nowadays have been, you know, really on the rise and you know, kind of giving cable like, you know, fierce competition.
SPEAKER_L: Gotcha. Oh yeah, I mean they're getting better, but I think cables trying to getting smart too, because like, places like Comcast and stuff like that is such a big company. They're just getting so creative, not like, you know, like, okay, the streaming services, like netflix is a really good competition and stuff like that. So that's what we're gonna do. It's, but it's part of a part of our plan or something like that, or uh, we'll create our own streaming service or like, because I mean, you know, Comcast's universal. I mean, they're huge. I mean, like I said, that's just, that's just what happens. You know? You know, I think people just, you know, the bigger companies just get creative. Like, just like, you know, like I'm saying like, you know, like antivirus companies or something like that, like, you know, with Norton or something like that to find competition, Somebody's got a superior of product or something like that and they're like, okay, it's a great, uh, you know, product or something like that. And it's just, you know, like, okay, if we let this, you know, company go against us after a while they were gonna, you know, overtake us and what they do, they just by the company, so just happens.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly. I think it's just, you know, the nature of competition and I think that's just always going to be something that's going to happen. I think just competition drives a lot of that. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: As Exactly. Unfortunately. That's just what is the very companies usually weighing unless you've got like something, somebody like Nintendo like the other companies clearly bigger when Thanos just so creative and so innovative. That's why they're still float because because they just came out of the way, I was like, oh my gosh, the greatest thing ever. It's like, okay, it's basically motion activated, uh, you know, video game system and it's like so many like, oh yeah, it's like, you know, most graphics, you know, most powerful thing on the planet was nice, but nobody buys it. You know, I mean,
SPEAKER_R: And you know, they talk a big game, you know, the buyers and then when it comes out, you know, they don't actually buy it. So. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: like the switch, you know, man to switch the perfect example and it's like, I mean, I mean granted they basically stole, but um, Uh, the, uh, basically they stole the idea from terrible graphics, which
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: is like, it's an old, old, old school system, but that's basically they did, they basically stole the idea of basically from the demographics demographics is a system is a 16 bit system. But what they did is they took their game cartridges and put them on their portable is the same thing. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: so, I mean they just took a original idea, made it better and then we'll go. And then it was like, oh my gosh, this, which is the greatest thing ever. It's like, you know, it's just like always, you know, you know, other companies, you have these like far superior, you know, assistant as far as graphics and, you know, processing speed
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: and everything else. And it's like, uh, okay. But in the end it's like, who's winning? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, do you have a switch?
SPEAKER_L: Now I'd like to go on. But the thing is, I'm not crazy about the games. It's like, you know, because it seems like Nintendo. I mean, I understand that, you know, they want to make it like, you know, family friendly, but it's just like, they don't have any like hardcore games, you don't have like, you know like Prison Evil in those type of games. They just don't seem to have them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly. Um So I'm not really, again, I don't play a lot of counseling mostly on the pc, but I have a lot of friends that play the switch and you know, they play games like uh super Mario bro's or um you know, games like Mario Kart, stuff like that. So nothing like, you know, like I've played Resident Evil before, reasonable five like uh like seven or eight years ago and that was a really fun game. So,
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, yeah present evil. Like I said, I remember I think I've only played like one but it was like I'm like I think it was on the Sega Saturn that was like one of the first ones ever made. It was it was so like, it was just so much different than the stuff they may now because like the people that are like, like almost like a nutcracker soldiers were like the movement is so stiff and like, you know like the guys like when they raise their arms and everything like that, there was like, you know like a tin soldier or like moving like, you know like so slow and when they turn it's like the full swing and it's like it was just bad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Exactly. So graphics,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: video game graphics definitely come a long way since.
SPEAKER_L: oh yeah, it's night and day, but it was, I mean, I've already mixed and upset.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly. But you know, I think it's sometimes it's cool just to compare like what video game graphics use look like 10 or 20 years ago compared to what they look like now, especially with a lot of the new technologies coming out. So.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. But the thing is the really ironic artists, like sometimes you got these, uh, these games that are, like I said, like, you know, like Nintendo or Superintendent type games, they're like better than like half the stuff that comes in out. Like you've got stuff like Double Dragon. That's some stuff like that. Like some of the, some of the most fun games like every, but like, you know, like, you know, I mean, even though they're super simple, there's just so much fun to play. And you got these games now, we've got these incredible graphs and everything, but they're so complicated or so, um, you know, off the wall that it just, you know, you know, I don't know, it's just not that fun because, you know, you have to push like, you know like three different buttons just like throw a grenade or something like that or you have to like, you know, do this like crazy, you know, like insane stuff and then scoop it up and put like two buttons and like this is insane combos or something. Just more fun. It's just tough.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. And I mean, you know when it comes to the P. C. A lot of games with insane graphics don't have a huge marketplace because for the Pc if you can't run that type of game or those type of graphics and you know, you're not going to be able to buy it. It's just not gonna be a pleasant experience so. Mhm. Yeah, for sure.
SPEAKER_L: gotcha. Well right now we're at about the 25 million marks, so it's up to you if you want to, you know, if you want to call it quits or and you you know enjoy your day or if you want to catch a little more, it's totally up to you because
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: I said the thing was
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: 25
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: minutes,
SPEAKER_R: like um like a certain formatting? Like do we have to go into questions or just conversation?
SPEAKER_L: But I think after this it's a 20 minutes. I think it's 20 minute uh 20 minute questionnaire afterwards, that's what I believe it is.
SPEAKER_R: And we're both doing that? Is that continues?
SPEAKER_L: I think it's basically like I said like a to follow up on your experience, you probably probably ask you, you know, how is it talking the other person and then you know the place first. That that thing. That's what I'm guessing. But I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Oh okay. Yeah. I mean, you know uh coming into this, I thought you were gonna be like the researcher and you were just like you were assigned by a researcher and you had some sort of connection with them. I didn't know like you know,
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: were.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just a general person just getting getting getting what you call it paid to. Just like I think I'm the same way they just match two people together and then have a conversation. If that 25 minutes it's up to the people if they want to keep going or you want to just do what you gotta do the questionnaire. And then after that that's that. So it's really a few. So it's really it's totally up to you. I mean if you want to end it that's up to you, but if you want to not because they're I mean it's still recording, but it's totally up to you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. Um Well I mean I think, you know, we can we can end it and just go our separate ways and you know do the rest of the survey or whatever it is and get that bonus. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: right man. Kind of like a nice, nice
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: talking to you and good luck to hopefully stay safe and you know, good luck to you in college. Hopefully do well and get what you looking. Hopefully get what you're looking for in life,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You too scott. Thank you so much man. Have a beautiful day and stay safe.
SPEAKER_L: You too. Take care There is.
SPEAKER_R: You say goodbye.