Hello?
Hey, You can hear me
I mean, you know, I'm taking it pretty well. I'm just trying to stay inside as much as I can and just trying not to jeopardize the health of anywhere near me or you know, in my community.
Yeah, that's what I've heard up there in New Jersey and new york is pretty bad. I'm down here in Miami florida where it's um, it was bad, but I guess at this point um at least in florida were starting to plateau a little bit, so um, you know, just trying to keep that and then hopefully, you know, see a decrease. So
um not exactly. I'm not a big football fan in general. I do like basketball a lot though.
that's cool.
Yeah. You heard about don sure.
It's pretty sad.
Yeah, for sure. Um, down here in Miami a lot of places are named after him, gyms, restaurants, like apartment complexes, so Yeah.
Yeah, that's cool. Um I didn't catch your name by the way, I'm Darius yours
scott. Nice to meet you scott,
I'm pretty good. Um uh I mean you know Um I'm hoping that the situation like where you're from, new jersey New York gets a lot better as far as the virus because um I'm I'm 18 and um I'm basically waiting to go into college and I just finished my senior year and I'm actually going, I don't know if you've heard heard of the best university in upstate like central new york called Colgate University.
Right, okay, so that's where I'm heading, that's in Hamilton, if you know where that's at.
Yeah, it's in like upstate central new york, like an hour away from Ithaca Cornell University and like around that area. So that's where I'll be heading to college. So you know, hopefully my first semester of college isn't online because you know I really I would really like to experience my first semester of college.
Yeah. Exactly so just hoping things can kind of clear up and and I'm just hoping that everyone is doing their part most of the most part. Yeah.
Biology.
Yeah. What did you study?
How they
end up working out for you?
Yeah. Exactly. Ben and nothing.
Yeah. Exactly and you know a lot of people can like you know don't even want to pursue you know even their associates so I think that's just you know being even if it's something as slight as the associates are still a few steps ahead of other people, you know?
yeah. No that definitely makes a lot of sense. I've never actually thought about it like that but you know from like a business standpoint and you know managing your finances and your employees I think that makes a lot of sense,
huh.
But
exactly as long as like you know for a job like that I don't think it's really intelligence you need but more like competence, you know if that makes sense.
Yeah. Okay so what do you do now for a job if you don't mind me asking?
but yeah exactly you know just trying to keep everyone safe and yeah I think that's what a lot of people are not understanding, it's not just you getting sick but people that you know you know they may be older they may be more susceptible so it's just you know doing your report helps out a lot of people that you may care about, but that's not something a lot of people think about, like, you know, off off the rip. Yeah. So I mean how are you keeping busy during quarantine?
Yeah, exactly. So, you know, I'm trying to head into college with, you know, some pocket change to, you know, kind of alleviate the stress off my parents online surveys, things like that. Just trying to get anything I can at this point.
Exactly.
exactly. That's
I think that's something a lot of people skip out on, they just kind of look for the number and just try to go as high as possible and sometimes they miss it completely. And you know, you have people like us who are consistently, even though it's a small amount of money, it does add up like you said.
Right. Exactly. And it's not it's not that hard either. Like from, you know, talking about surveys, it's not ridiculously hard. As long as you can just uh you know, allocate some of your attention for a little bit and just answer the questions. Not hard.
uh do you have any hobbies?
yeah. Yeah. So I think for me, um the only sports I follow kind of majorly would be basketball, obviously. Now there's not much to follow, but you know, when it is in season and you know, when everything's back to normal, I'm, you know, I'm a big basketball fan and um I play basketball myself, not like just recreationally like with a few friends and never played for like a, like a team is just more of a hobby. Another hobby I have. As far as sports is I like to skateboard. So is that scott government?
I thought we got cut out.
All right.
No.
Is it good?
Yeah, I'm just going through my data right now. Can you hear me? All right, and see me?
Yeah. Okay. Um Yeah, so I also play, you know, a lot of Pc games, I've never like when I was smaller, I played a lot of console games, but now I'm just mainly on the pc. Yeah.
So I think, you know, I've always liked playing video games ever since I was a kid. That's kind of what I've grown up with and so yeah, I've always liked video games and I think it's just the way that I can connect with people and you know, just like, you know, a lot of the friends I have now or because of the games that I've played, so.
So
the
progression. That's so cool. That's actually
Yeah. Are you hanging on for that for how you hang on to that for like keepsake or you plan on selling it? Like what's the move with that?
Yeah, exactly. But I could probably go for a pretty penny, definitely.
Yeah, I feel you. Um So yeah, I mean that's that's cool and uh so what video games you played primarily?
Yeah, for sure. Yeah, and that's really cool. I have a brother, he's younger than me, I'm 18, he's 16. And so yeah, you know, I've always been the older brother, but only by two years or so, so it's not like what a lot of people see, you know when they think of a big brother to think of, you know, someone who's always helping out, you know, the younger brother and like being a role model, but we're only two years apart, so there wasn't always a huge difference for us. I think that's something like a lot of people don't realize. Yeah.
So. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Um but you know, I think we're really close and you know, it's just kind of, I think it's it's cool to have someone like my brother because we're similar, but we're different in a lot of ways. So um you know, we always learn and we always talk and you know, it's cool.
Yeah, exactly. So um you know, it's just I think it's I think it's a you experience not not in a very different way but just having a brother or a sibling in general just allows you to have a special type of connection that some people just don't. And I think it's cool. Yeah. So where's your family from
confidentiality? Yeah.
No
I completely understand.
No I completely understand. I understand.
Yeah. No. No. Yeah.
My bed.
No I understand that, that's my bad but
no. Yeah. Okay. Um Yeah, so I mean have you picked up any new hobbies because of quarantine or?
Yeah, I think they're very uncomfortable. I don't like wearing them all that much.
Yeah, I think you know, even though it's um you know even though it's uncomfortable for like you know the half an hour there in the grocery store. I think it makes you know the world of a difference. So I think it's you know, definitely a powerful tool as far as you know keeping safe and keeping others safe.
Mhm.
Yeah. Um Your big reader.
so I'm kind of the same way, I never liked reading all that much, but every now and again I might pick up a book like if the general summary of it is interesting. Um Yeah, I mean you know, as far as subjects go, I like history and obviously science, but yeah, I'm not I'm not a history buff, but I think history is interesting and I was like learning about history, so if I do read a book, typically it's about history.
Yeah. And you know speaking of movies that's actually something like Quarantines pushed me to do, just watch a lot of movies, different things, something like, you know, other things I'm rewatching because I liked him so much or just watching um new things for the first time just to try it out, you know?
Uh I think maybe I like action or mystery and I like those types of movies. Yeah.
for sure. I definitely missed that one. Comedy for sure. Com is really good.
Mm hmm. Um, I mean a show that I recently watched that, you know, it really is far overdue is breaking bag. I watched that for the first time.
No, the show. Yeah.
Yeah. Well that's the thing. Like I don't, I don't like watching a lot of things that are so off, you know, outside the scope of reality, like, like a whole lot of sci fi stuff I'm not really into, but like, you know, with Breaking bad, the whole premise is just producing and selling drugs and so for them, I think for the most part they stay inside the realm of reality. Whereas, you know, obviously he said walking dead zombies. So I don't think that's something that would interest me really.
Yeah, I feel
you
yeah, precisely. Um, so yeah, I think just because of quarantine and I'm, you know, watching different things or trying to watch new things, but sometimes trying to watch new things, it's hard just because you don't know anything about it, especially when you haven't had a friend recommended to you or you haven't read anything, you're just watching it. You know, just because it's, it's been recommended to you by like, you know, like a, like a streaming service, you just decided to watch it I think can be a little bit difficult.
Yeah. And you know, I think the transition is definitely to streaming services. Um, I don't know, I'm not particularly sure if cables going out of business or if it's on a decline or anything like that, but I'm, you know, I think streaming services nowadays have been, you know, really on the rise and you know, kind of giving cable like, you know, fierce competition.
Yeah, exactly. I think it's just, you know, the nature of competition and I think that's just always going to be something that's going to happen. I think just competition drives a lot of that. So yeah,
And you know, they talk a big game, you know, the buyers and then when it comes out, you know, they don't actually buy it. So. Yeah,
true.
So
Well,
yeah, do you have a switch?
Yeah, exactly. Um So I'm not really, again, I don't play a lot of counseling mostly on the pc, but I have a lot of friends that play the switch and you know, they play games like uh super Mario bro's or um you know, games like Mario Kart, stuff like that. So nothing like, you know, like I've played Resident Evil before, reasonable five like uh like seven or eight years ago and that was a really fun game. So,
Yeah. Exactly. So graphics,
video game graphics definitely come a long way since.
Yeah, exactly. But you know, I think it's sometimes it's cool just to compare like what video game graphics use look like 10 or 20 years ago compared to what they look like now, especially with a lot of the new technologies coming out. So.
Exactly. And I mean, you know when it comes to the P. C. A lot of games with insane graphics don't have a huge marketplace because for the Pc if you can't run that type of game or those type of graphics and you know, you're not going to be able to buy it. It's just not gonna be a pleasant experience so. Mhm. Yeah, for sure.
What
is
there
like um like a certain formatting? Like do we have to go into questions or just conversation?
And we're both doing that? Is that continues?
Oh okay. Yeah. I mean, you know uh coming into this, I thought you were gonna be like the researcher and you were just like you were assigned by a researcher and you had some sort of connection with them. I didn't know like you know,
you
were.
Yeah. Okay. Um Well I mean I think, you know, we can we can end it and just go our separate ways and you know do the rest of the survey or whatever it is and get that bonus. So. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. You too scott. Thank you so much man. Have a beautiful day and stay safe.
You say goodbye.