Hello?
Hello?
Yeah I can hear you.
for me.
Me too. Um I have to do them early in the morning because my kids have to get on before they wake up
so
Three.
I'm 30.
Well
how
old are you?
I'm gonna set a timer so.
no okay so they did this um one time before and I never like I did four reschedules and my partner never came, you know, I think people just don't like to show up in the mornings
and
then
this time I finally got somebody,
yeah I got it last night at like nine o'clock, I was like I'm glad I
checked my email at night,
you know, go to bed,
no
one shows up, so I'm like wow keep reschedule it, it's far.
I was like well I just set my alarm and get up at six, you know
sixfold.
Yeah well usually they wake around um like 8
32
9. And then you know I'll get on breakfast
and stuff and we home school so we'll do that too. So
usually around 10
10 or 11
while they're in bed at 10 but
then
they like They'll stay up a little bit until like 11 usually. So.
Yeah. Well the
little
ist
one sometimes he wakes up but
he's four. Yeah
sometimes
he wakes up earlier and sometimes I don't sleep that long. Sometimes they'll get up earlier but I don't know like if you wake the older kids sometimes they'll stay up to like midnight if you know Not
really but I just make sure like you have to be um
you know in bed at least if you're gonna stay up a little bit but it has to be over with at 12 you know unless
it's the weekend but and then that's only if they you know get up right in the mornings but the little one if you wake him up and he didn't get enough sleep like he's whiny all day
healthy
that
it's like
and he's not uh people just have like he's not like bad or anything but he'll be like just I don't know I just call
it wine but
you know he's
not
in a good mood the whole day so but he doesn't take naps or anything so.
No
he stopped taking naps at uh I think right after a year old
so yeah he hasn't taken out so that's why
I just
think
um I don't know.
just
all the time before used to it though but I stayed home so uh
well
um see we home schooled already for this is our third year so um we were used to be at home but we used to go out on the weekends a lot and we haven't been doing that so um yeah we did get like a big swing set and things like that for outside so they could kind of have to do and things like that. But yeah, we haven't went anywhere. My husband works but I have uh um kidney problems and so I used to stay home already during like regular flu season because you know my doctor And so
I
yeah, how to get one taken out
and then yeah,
And then my other one it would be okay if my other one was healthy, but it's not it's like 60% functioning so I got to make sure I'm okay,
you know?
Well I can but I just don't very often, you know.
And then mostly it's like medication so um and then caffeine stuff like I drink one coffee in the morning. But if I drink a lot of soda or something I'll get um like I can tell because it will hurt really bad in my like I'll start
getting
pulled
what
and it just hurts like in the back like your backside. And um when my other one was still in it was I had problems with it for like um five years, six years and I was always in the hospital like I had to stay in the hospital for months because I would get really bad infections and
yeah and so and then it would make me get sepsis and then you know like it was really bad and then finally
I
got
this
different
doctor
when I was going to have my son and um and I had all kinds of tests done and they tried to kept putting stints To drink them and I have had that surgery like five or 6 times and then um
mhm Yeah. Well I have insurance, you know, then I don't know. So I'm glad I did then. But um so yeah, I had to do all that. And then uh when I was going to have my son
afterwards,
they
gave me a cat scan and he was like, I can't believe
this,
you know, and it was just dead like
dead tissue, like my whole kidney. It was like, um they said it was
like three times the size it should have been and it was just a tissue. But that's why I kept getting the infection. So bad.
Okay, so I was born with uh one, there's two um, I think they're called your eaters that drain your kidneys to your bladder. And when I was a baby, one of them wasn't right. And so I had to have um they put a fake one there, but no one you're so little. Um I was supposed to have it checked again when I was older, but I didn't know about it, you know, at the time.
And um so I never had problems really until I was going to have my daughter. And then since then what it just I would just get the infection and I guess what had happened was it wasn't um training, right? And then what's infections and stuff? It just it was just a bunch of dead tissue. So.
And
it
gave me infections. Yeah. My daughter is 11 now. Yeah.
And then my son was
I was 20 when I had my son. And that.
Well,
you know, I call him my husband but we're not married. Yes.
one in 10 years 12. Yeah because a yearbook. Well
Probably eventually. I mean I'm not sure
that's right.
During
two of these
only amazing
wrap.
It's a little bill. Yes.
You need to do all that before kids because if you don't then you'll never yeah
you'll
never
get to the
right Yeah. I don't
know I had kids young too so And then um yeah so we're not right but he's older than me. He's 12 years older than me so
I
didn't when we first got together but now uh Yeah.
There's
no time.
Yeah he wasn't either. And it's like um see I was born in 1990 and he was born in 1978. So
it's
like
yeah so things are like you know some things you know,
where did I meet him at?
Yeah well he was at a party or something, I was like 18 and he was for us. Yeah I think I just turned 18 and he was 29 28 or something. But yeah
party somewhere and then we
just
I know that
so I did that early and then uh yeah I guess that's why we had kids early you know? But hey?
What
more parents? Yeah.
Right. I think so. So
and
it seems like a lot but you know when they get older Like um my oldest to 10 and 11
they basically like yeah it's like you're not even you know it's like you
know.
so it's like they I mean I cook and you know and even on their school stuff like a lot of times they'll try to hurt like get it done on their own, you know? So I'm just like, you know um Yeah and then they clean
their rooms and all that stuff.
My middle.
Well
my daughter is well they usually do you know they know what they're supposed to do and they usually do it. Uh My middle son, he's the bad, well I don't want to say the bag
gift but
he's like, I don't know, he always just does stuff he knows he's not supposed to do like um or he'll pick on the other ones, you know
you know things like that so and take his gains away and he gets mad but
like what you didn't listen, you know? So I
mean little
stuff like
that,
could
you imagine if you had three uh
the
fourth
album?
It
does get stressful sometimes, but I think before we home schooled, I was more stressed than now, you know? Because
it's like, well
my middle son, he literally like I had to go pick him up from school a few times because he um was so bad, it was so bad. And they said um that they didn't they couldn't do anything with him and stuff. But yeah, he would be at the principles and one time he got in the middle of the hallway and he was throwing stuff at the principal, kicking his feet all
kinds of yes,
You know, it's like seven.
And I was like what is going on? You know? Because he never liked that way at home, you know? It's like I thought he just didn't like it's teacher something, you know? And then he like uh he fidgets a lot and he chews on stuff, you know, like he just has nervous like you know little things and so they had already had him to where he was sitting by itself and I think he was just over it really and then they they wanted us to get him an evaluation like from the doctor or whatever because I thought he needed to be medicated if he was going to go back to school. And so when we did all that, they thought that he didn't need anything like that. So it's like well what do we do now, you know? So and I had already been thinking about home schooling for a while, but I was just like well what if it's not enough you know or you know, I guess I was just afraid and then um you know.
No.
Yeah and then like what if they needed to be in school or what you know like what if they don't
have the same opportunities because they just have me, you
know?
Well I do I follow an online program. Yeah and then we um I order the books to just so they're not online all the time, you know? So uh yeah we do that. But
but yeah, I do teach a lot. I teach the little one most of the time, you know? Because sometimes they don't like understand if they're just like watching something, you know? So
well
okay so well before the pandemic, they had uh this,
I
met
this woman from the school and she had kids the same age as as mine. But she had three. Well she has yeah, she has three. I was wondering if she like
she has for
you.
Yes, I think it's too and they're like not exactly the same age as like her daughter's like one or two years older than mine, and then her middle child is like one year older than my middle and then her son is like one year older than mine, but they're almost the same ages. And so um after I started homeschooling and like she
was asking
me a lot about it and stuff and then she
started homeschooling. Well I think she started home schooling because her daughter
was getting
picked
on a lot, you know stuff
and
I'm
not sure, well he did punch somebody in the bathroom one time and he said that they kept, well he's really little uh he's always like the smallest in his class and stuff and like my four year old is almost as big as him now. So Yeah and he's been in the same size clothes for like the last three years, he's just small and so they would call him a baby, they would call him baby Macy and stuff like that. And so he
yeah. And he was like, um, you know, he was just like, stop calling me a baby, stop calling
me baby.
And um, it was one of his friends, and their mom went to church with us.
Yes. And I was like, you know, And then, um anyway, so they all called him baby Macy in the bathroom, and he punched him, and then he got in trouble, and I had to come and get him, but then the other kids didn't get in trouble, and I was like, you know, this is not gonna
this war. And then the mom was mad at me because because it makes them punch them, but I was like, you know, you can't they can't be teasing them all the time either,
you know?
Well,
I wasn't gonna say anything at first, because, you know, I'm I'm kind of nervous about confrontation, you know? It's like, I don't want any problems with anybody or anything like that. And she went to like, we knew her from church and stuff, so I was like, you know, and at first I didn't know what kid it
was, and then when he told me what kid, it was like, oh my goodness. You know? And then, um she um you know, confronted me about it, but first before I was like, well maybe we can talk to them, you know, at church or whatever and see what's going on. But then she was like, mad about, she was
about
it. Yeah.
And so I was like, well, you know, it's like they've been teasing him for weeks, you know, like, they can't and who asked him to stop multiple times and you know, it's like, I don't think violence is the answer. You know? I know we've talked to him about that, but you know, like the teasing and stuff is going to have to stop too, you know? So we talked about it and they never said anything to him again. So I guess
I
Mhm. And he's so little like, I can't imagine punching someone either, but you know.
It's the middle child.
I
was
the oldest in the Middle one man. My sister, she was bad and you know, she um she threw something at the back of my head one time and I had to get like staple
yeah, in the back of my head. Like she's crazy.
Yeah. How many siblings do you have?
Oh, so you will have three kids too.
yeah,
tell
us about that.
I was there was one because she's a woman that had the other three kids that are close to mine and she was like my husband's age, so she had her kids like the same time and then there was one mom that was like my age. Um but her kids were a lot younger than mine, so she didn't have them as young as I did, you know? So
it was crazy and then um I didn't expect to have my son so early, like I actually thought I had the flu. Yeah,
well because I was sick, I was real sick and then it was flu season
and I worked at a nursing home then and so I thought I just got the flu or something and I went to the doctor, they're like well you're not pregnant by any chance are you? And I'm like I don't think so they're like well are like okay
you know
I don't know I guess one more it's just one more at this point you know we already had one. Well my daughter and she I mean it was it was nice you know with her and stuff so you know I guess that's why they were kind of excited. And then um he was born on my birthday.
Yeah so his birthday is uh He was born in 2010 and I was born in 1990s. So I was exactly 20 years later.
you and then um we do that but like sometimes when I sign paperwork or something I always accidentally almost put 90 because I'm used to you know writing my.
we sell art together and then uh my daughter and my oldest daughter, my youngest and their birthdays are like two days apart so we celebrate theirs together. Two
now
my oldest is a girl, then my mobile is a boy and then the youngest is
So.
Oh that was our 25 minutes.
think.
It's okay.
Yeah. I'm glad because we have a good good conversation. All
Oh that's what were you thinking about it? Uh huh.
Help.
Okay.
But yeah and my husband he's really good. I guess it just depends on like what kind of dad you are. You know like when he works during the week like he already left for work and stuff but on the weekends like the kids want nothing to do with me. They only want dad. So it's like I
can weekends. Yeah, so he's
really good you know? So
All
you
have a good day.