SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Two right with you. Test. Test, get the best. Okay. Okay. In the hotel room? Yeah. The championship. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. That's not a compliment. Mhm. You want to? Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't care. Yeah. You can use it for good reason. Mhm Right. Mhm Uh huh. Yeah. I love christmas. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Okay. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah, I don't think, but I'm not affected and that's it. Oh, Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm I don't know. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm. I'm not afraid. Okay. Like what? Okay. Yeah. Your regular, you can keep them going to school. Mhm. Mhm. Never. Mhm. Okay. I mean, Yeah. Yeah. Excuse me. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah, I don't think anyone. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Something Okay. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Wait, mm. Yeah. Yeah. No, show me. I don't know. Mr, I'm drinking. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello? Oh yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: can you hear me? Oh.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah yeah. Mhm. So Pillar. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. No. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: okay
SPEAKER_L: Come on. Yeah, Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi can
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: can't hear you as you're my comb. Can you hear me okay? I can't hear you yet.
SPEAKER_R: what is that?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: How about now
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Look at your picture
SPEAKER_R: Every,
SPEAKER_L: and click on it. There should be a microphone up there that, do you see? It doesn't show it's working. Yeah, because let me stay here. Let me see if you don't mind. And then
SPEAKER_R: bitch.
SPEAKER_L: how about now, Can you say something?
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: But there we go. Good.
SPEAKER_R: All right excellent how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. How are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing well thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Good? I thought you weren't gonna make it there for a minute.
SPEAKER_R: Uh To be honest I actually was I was sitting here for a few minutes but you couldn't hear me? No
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: uh We're working now so. Oh
SPEAKER_L: good. Because I just had just told him that, that you hadn't shown up. So I hope this works out for us. Uh, who knows? We'll just have to see what happens. So anyway, uh, so where are you located? What part of the world?
SPEAKER_R: uh I'm in the Northeastern us. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, I'm down in north Carolina, so we're on the same time zone. That's interesting. Yeah. Yeah. So here we got a lot of rain today. What about your way?
SPEAKER_R: uh we were supposed to get a lot of rain but really was kind of only nasty out there is a little little bit right but not too bad
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They keep sending alerts out emergency flood warning alerts on our cell phones. Yeah, I guess there's some new technology they have,
SPEAKER_R: yeah it is convenient
SPEAKER_L: don't worry.
SPEAKER_R: though it's nice if you're not buying T. V. You know if it's something here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean it was good, my wife though had sound up and it was really loud,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: it was like oh my gosh and uh you know they so it's nice to know uh like I just thought another one said oh emergency but we drove I had to drove over and drop off a payment today and it wasn't anything going on. I don't know why they, you know, I'm sure somewhere it's a problem, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: it makes you wonder.
SPEAKER_R: it does. I I feel like because I get them to and then I I never end up rarely does it ever end up being actually happening in my area. Do you know what? It will never, it will be like flooding really severe and I look outside and I'll talk to people in my neighborhood and I'll say no but nothing here. But I mean
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we're pretty high here anyway so it wouldn't be flooding around you know here anyway but I guess somewhere in the county there's flooding I don't know
SPEAKER_R: Got
SPEAKER_L: so but tornadoes I guess or the biggie
SPEAKER_R: who?
SPEAKER_L: alert for tornadoes when they actually have a tornado warning. Uh That might be very useful especially if you were sleeping or whatever. Stop.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, one of those over the summer and so, but actually it was the one time I think it actually has been something um there was a tornado tornado uh Not a couple of miles, let's say like 10, 15 miles from me. So I mean at that point they can move so fast, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. 28 is up in the northeast very often
SPEAKER_R: not very often were more hurricane
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: here I think with everything with the weather getting crazier, you know? Um Yeah, sometimes we'll get tornadoes. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I got you. I got you. Well anyway that's uh what's going on on this end of the world? Rain or rainy but it's supposed to clear up this afternoon and be back to normal I guess.
SPEAKER_R: constant
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. When do you all get snow up your way?
SPEAKER_R: usually could be, could be december, we've had a couple of white christmases but anymore it starts more like january but it could be the latest march, so I feel like now it goes later, starts later goes later. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's sort of the way it is here. Some I mean they were talking about how hot it was down here but it's always hot now in november. We have what we call the indian summer. You know we're uh it gets warm again and they always talk about it like oh my gosh it's so well it's like it always is for about a month and then it will get cold and that'll be it. It'll be winter then for a few months.
SPEAKER_R: I agree. We just had a week like that here. Is that what happened to you guys? It was like in the 70s and stuff? It was
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well it still is yeah I mean he got cool just a little bit for a couple of days like and got down to 50 45 51 night But like yesterday was 78° again You know today it's a little cooler but not still 72 so comfortable so that's about it.
SPEAKER_R: I agree.
SPEAKER_L: So. So how's covid treating you?
SPEAKER_R: What a what an interesting question, sorry. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: It's it's not the best is it? As my brother
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: in law we say it's not not the best. Um I had it really early on.
SPEAKER_L: Oh you did have
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: Covid?
SPEAKER_R: early on. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, that's pretty scary.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it was, you know my um I'm fortunate to be pretty pretty young, healthy ish, you know, definitely not true for everyone in my family, so it was that was really scary. Um It's been it's been an adjustment, you know what I mean? I think it's been adjustment for everybody. It's definitely what's new times we're living in for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How did uh how did you figure out where you might have gotten it from or
SPEAKER_R: I didn't I
SPEAKER_L: trace
SPEAKER_R: got it
SPEAKER_L: it down and all that?
SPEAKER_R: I got it from my dad, I'm not eating and then gave it to my mom so
SPEAKER_L: But yeah we're all right. The, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm I listen I feel fortunate because I there are people that my dad's work who brought it home to their wives and their wives died. You know what I mean? Like you have to live with that knowing that knowing that that happened I I think would be very very difficult. You know what I mean? So I feel we're fortunate that we all got away relatively unscathed. How?
SPEAKER_L: that's good. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Oh you.
SPEAKER_L: we haven't really uh I've heard of a couple of cases but we really haven't had anybody we know come down with it. So
SPEAKER_R: good. That's good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so it's a I guess a different experience. I mean you hear about it from people friends of friends of friends? Oh well he got Covid but you don't hear you know I haven't heard of anybody dying from it down here that anybody I know knows.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: that's really good frankly.
SPEAKER_L: yeah it is uh it appears though that the death rate is less than it used to be a maybe they've got to treat it
SPEAKER_R: More
SPEAKER_L: better. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: yeah they said I actually um I studied microbiology so it's very no
SPEAKER_L: so that's
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: talking
SPEAKER_L: You're
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: an alley. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: um the death rate is actually considerably less. Which is which actually is good news. It used to be pretty bad if you were hospitalized but now if you're hospitalized you're you're way more likely to get out alive. Which is very fortunate. Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah It looks mighty. I mean, I don't want to be a conspiracy theorist but is there any, it looks like it really? I don't want to say it's engineer but it seems like it's pretty well targeted to humans. I
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: mean the kinds of things that attacks are really interesting.
SPEAKER_R: we do I mean there's nothing people do think that I understand why they think that it's interesting because bats are really the real reservoir like that's where from bats run really hot. Whereas humans don't so coronavirus can never take over their systems because the heat it's like when you have a fever when you're sick you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: Right. To get rid of it. Sure.
SPEAKER_R: So the bath are never really affected. But unfortunately in these wet markets in china because they slaughter animals live it's just not sanitary. They'll keep like a bat cage on top of a pangolin on top of a pig. And so then you end up with, it's like, it's so dangerous and dirty. Like I'm genuinely, I know it's culturally important to them, but like it is even, you wouldn't see even the dirtiest slaughterhouse in America, you would not see a cow killed next to a chicken, killed a pig. So unfortunately that's like the, the ideal way to turn one disease into another. The same thing probably happened with swine flu. If you remember back in 2009, everyone was
SPEAKER_L: Here.
SPEAKER_R: talking about swine flu. That's
SPEAKER_L: Now
SPEAKER_R: what happened.
SPEAKER_L: that's interesting. Yeah, you can answer this core. The it's really just a like a souped up version of the common cold. It's got a little bit more ability to attack.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, very similar. Very similar.
SPEAKER_L: So my question is regarding the via the vaccination, will it last? Will it be a long term solution? Like if I got yeah, I got vaccinated from the mumps and whatever. Well, I didn't actually, I had the mumps when I was really little. That was before. I'm so ancient. it was before that, that's scary. But uh but the measles, Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And uh you know, you don't have to ever worry about it again basically.
SPEAKER_R: Hannah.
SPEAKER_L: But this didn't, I mean just because you get vaccinated doesn't mean it necessarily is going to last,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: Is that right?
SPEAKER_R: I think it will be not as yearly as the flu may because the flu, we always say it's different every year. You get different, you know, vaccinated every year. Coronavirus is, I think, I mean it's hard for me to project, but it mutates more slowly than the flu right now, which is good news. So I would say yearly is probably me too often. I think maybe bi yearly is what it's going to end up being a bi yearly vaccination would probably end up serving most people pretty well, which I mean, I know people feel a certain way about the yearly flu vaccine, but I feel like for me, I think a bi yearly vaccination for coronavirus is worth it to go back to some some sense of the normal life, we were happy, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Right. Well I tend to agree if it if it is valid, I mean really, it sounds like this one that they're working on, it's pretty effective, but they I've read though that is it right? It's got to be kept like super cold before you get it or something.
SPEAKER_R: I honestly haven't heard a ton out eyes are back,
SPEAKER_L: it's got to be kept at like 100 and something degrees below zero until it's ministered or you know, prepared to administer or whatever to keep it uh you know working or available whatever you call it. Uh I can't think of the technical term right now. But uh, that's interesting because, uh, I've never been a big flu shot guy because it's the 30% effectiveness of it. It's not about right what it is. I don't know exactly, but
SPEAKER_R: Uh listen, I love science, I'm a scientist. But the thing is when they sit down and try to figure out who's gonna have what strain of the flu this year and when and where.
SPEAKER_L: Right. That just seems ridiculous to me.
SPEAKER_R: I mean again I think it's worth it personally. But I that's that's what I've been trying to read into the future is difficult. I think it's worth it because flu can be so pernicious because again it's not really a big deal. But I also get like I get why people wouldn't want to have it by.
SPEAKER_L: Well, and see, you know, as I get older, that's more of an issue. But the only time I actually got the flu was the year I had the flu shots that sort of turned me against it.
SPEAKER_R: By that
SPEAKER_L: I mean that was 2020
SPEAKER_R: unfortunately.
SPEAKER_L: years ago and I, well, I flew airplanes for a living for
SPEAKER_R: Let
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: 40 years
SPEAKER_R: wonderful.
SPEAKER_L: now with the public forever, all the time
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: in the environment. The air mixes all, you know, remixes forever. And I felt like that probably helped my immune system, which brings me back to the question of the corn, a coronavirus. I was reading I think last night that they feel like there may be some transference from previous, not corona
SPEAKER_R: England.
SPEAKER_L: obviously similar. You know, you had different coals that your body can pick up and that's why some people are not really having big symptoms because they may have already developed not necessarily antibodies but but t sales or some junk. I don't know that. You know, I know there's a difference, but I don't, you know, you would know the technical side of that.
SPEAKER_R: we actually it was interesting. I just read some research that suggested that the reason kids are getting it less often than adults is that a lot of like you said you know the common cold could be like rhinovirus but it could also be a coronavirus. And they're saying because kids mm any bodies against these cold viruses don't tend to last very long. But they're saying kids might actually get it less because they do have these protections because they've had similar coronavirus is already. Whereas the older you get, that protection starts to wane. So it's less means less so in adults and so on and so forth. Just um but they actually uh we just had to do like a presentation on a paper in my immunology class and we were the researchers concluded, which was interesting the people who are doing the the worst and who often died when they had bad coronavirus cases. It wasn't necessarily that they had like first people thought it might have been viral load, like how much of it you're exposed to and no one, I'm sure yet. But it seems like it's your own immune system that ends up
SPEAKER_L: Right. How it reacts?
SPEAKER_R: in the end. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. That's what I thought because it seems like either you really your system reacts violently if it will do it or you don't apparently don't react that much. I was interesting. So, uh, you know, because that, you know, I just we also know a lady that took the flu shot and became paralyzed and she owned a hair cutting business and for six months couldn't work. And she basically took two years. She's still not right. But it took her two years to get really functional again. And lucky to live because of some strange reaction to the shot.
SPEAKER_R: We think
SPEAKER_L: The flu shot.
SPEAKER_R: Joan Barry, it's
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: called the Ombre. It's a french name.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's right. That's a fancy word. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: but it's happened yet. Sometimes you get, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it was
SPEAKER_R: reaction. It is.
SPEAKER_L: And so, of course, I don't know. I just so it brings to the coronavirus. Yeah, I'm worried about the coronavirus, but I'm also, uh, you know what, you know, I hope they have had time to check the side effects that might come from it, you know, because, uh, I'm not sure I'm pretty healthy and although I'm I'm not six, I'm 62. I'm not old enough yet to be in the really critical group, but getting kind of close enough. But I thought, well, you know, I'm trying to balance whether it's a smart idea to uh, if you know, once it comes out, I sure don't get the thing and and have serious complications. And apparently there's long term month, takes months for some, some damage is done. That's not repairable quickly. Is that the problem?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There is the group they're calling Covid long haulers. It's like, you know, they're still having symptoms months later. Um I mean, I, this is obviously anecdotal. I've had some long term symptoms. My dad has to, but my mom has not and we all really had it at the same time. I have a friend who had Covid very early on like first couple weeks of March, he was on track for med school and he was like, you know, we're just talking. He's like, I just not, he's like, I have not been the same since. He's like, it takes me longer to remember things. He's like,
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: and there for 10 minutes, I can't remember a word obviously again, what's what are we gonna do about it? And you know, is it for due to Covid hard to say. Um But there definitely are people who are still having having
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah, something's being triggered that in some people see that's what worries me more than actually having it because I feel like a virus. Yeah, it's bad.
SPEAKER_R: it is.
SPEAKER_L: But you probably get over that if you're generally healthy. But what if you have longer term symptoms? I mean, what kinds of symptoms have you guys had if you don't mind sharing? I mean
SPEAKER_R: In Britain.
SPEAKER_L: anything significant or just aggravating?
SPEAKER_R: For me, I have had issues with breathing as well, but I also had asthma as a kid, have had pneumonia
SPEAKER_L: Hello.
SPEAKER_R: before, had the flu at one point. So, like my lungs are already kind of sensitive
SPEAKER_L: That's the, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That would have been really scary to find out you had covid after having that history.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was um my
SPEAKER_L: It's like great.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, my dad has had some symptoms in particular with he's now just way more tired. But I will say again, none of my disclosing this. My dad had a very serious art. Sorry, my dad had a very serious heart attack several years back, so, and he's also getting older. He works so hard. I mean my dad's a very hard worker so and again I'm not saying this to doubt that he's having his symptoms or that I'm having my symptom right?
SPEAKER_L: you just don't,
SPEAKER_R: You know just
SPEAKER_L: but you didn't notice it after the fact you didn't feel the same quite the same.
SPEAKER_R: No no
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's pretty interesting. So, well, so how did in the world did you get into Microbiology?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I wasn't really sure what I wanted to do after high school. Um You can probably don't really tell my paint and I'm like I'm more of an artistic kind of type. But
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: I I thought perhaps I might go into dental hygiene because you know they make good money, it's a good job, you know?
SPEAKER_L: You're steady works.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly, yeah my parents are very practical in that way they're like go to college for something you can really use, you know like so I totally get so I ended up taking um took Anatomy and then I took a microbiology class and I was like oh yeah this is really for are you getting to flying planes? Oh my goodness.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, my dad flew and I've always wanted to do it since I was little. So I just basically went to the local airport and traded and worked for flying lessons
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: one thing led to another. So you know, I've been doing that my whole life
SPEAKER_R: that's amazing.
SPEAKER_L: basically. Yeah. Fun. Never really had to go to work. Just have fun years
SPEAKER_R: got,
SPEAKER_L: ago. The wires used to complain. The pilots never wanted to come home because I always wanted to go to work because they do one.
SPEAKER_R: would you what was your did you have any routes you liked in particular or some route?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. The last about 15 years I flew to the Caribbean, primarily Florida Charlotte and we'd fly down to like Costa Rica, wait a couple hours, you know, load and unload the people and bring them back. That was a really nice route. Uh, interesting airports
SPEAKER_R: they want
SPEAKER_L: down there sometimes a little more challenging than you're boring us airport that's all laid out perfectly with no mountains, that kind of thing, you know, So that was a fun. And uh, that was a long, long enough that we had to have three pilots. So you got a rest break halfway down or back. So it was really an easy day. And Because you made a lot of money, we can't fly about 30 hours, Uh, or 35, depending on some rules,
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: not,
SPEAKER_L: basically 30 hours flight hours a week. So you could only fly that thing three days a week. So it was nice. You basically like had a part time job that paid full time.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: great
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so that was fun. And you know, you knew the guy, the flight attendants, uh, that worked, the crew that worked, there was a small group that you had to be fairly senior. So you got to no, pretty much the people that worked it regularly. So it was, you know, fun. You know, just like a small family,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: want
SPEAKER_L: know, Oh yeah, we're going down there back today and you know, just, it was fun. Always has been. But believe,
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: no no please yes sorry
SPEAKER_L: I was just saying, believe it or not, I love flying the jets like 7 50 sevens all that, but the small airplanes are more fun. I still, that's how I grew
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: up started flying and so now that I retired, I'm trying to get back into a little of that, flying a few days a week, you know, make a little money, but mainly just for the fun of it.
SPEAKER_R: do you do you feel like you miss it like unless you do it or do you miss it?
SPEAKER_L: Well, um, it's not like I sit around the old man wished, you know, because I was also glad about ready to retire because in some ways it was boring. I mean once you've done it a long time, one of the most dangerous part is, uh, the boredom trying to stay alert because you've seen it, you've got the t shirts, you know. Uh, but at the same time, you're also aware of how many little things there are that can trip you up. So you do have to alert and uh, you know, I'm happy with my life today, but I'm hoping to get a friend of mine, actually my brother in law, but I knew him before. He was that
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Years. You know, we've known each other since the like the 4th 5th grade and he flew to and he just retired. And so we're talking about getting a possibly a small airplane flying little charter, you know, cargo or there's so much demand for packages now. You know, just to do a couple of times a week for fun. We'll make money of course, but mainly to keep your hand in it. But not too serious. You have access to an airplane for us to go on vacations or wherever you want to go with of course have to have the company paid for the planes because they are a little expensive to have not prohibitively, but you know, like owning a luxury BMW or luxury, you know, a luxury car that anyway, so
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: No I'm curious as you got more senior in your company were you able to pick routes or is it more like no you're an experienced pilot
SPEAKER_L: no, it's
SPEAKER_R: flying?
SPEAKER_L: it's wall completely seniority, the position you hold, the plane you fly and then the month the trips you get, it's all based on seniority. So
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: you know, I got hired fortunately young so I was able to enjoy relatively good seniority uh for the last 15 years of my career.
SPEAKER_R: dr
SPEAKER_L: So you know, I got to fly that trip because I wanted to, I could have flown to europe and some of that, but that just didn't look like fun to me. I mean you fly on, you fly all night long, you know, and then you try to sleep all day and then fly back, you know the next day. It's like this stuff just doesn't look like much fun to me. Uh I mean, yes, it's glad, you know the one thing everybody wants to know. Ho do you fly international? You know, I have flown over there a few times. I've flown to Japan and flown you know, over in europe a little bit. but but you know that's you know, I enjoyed the caribbean because really it was like the old days down there, the captain's the captain, nobody's trying, you know everybody's super educated about what the jobs are and what they should do and they all think they know more than you do about whatever it is,
SPEAKER_R: some words.
SPEAKER_L: you know uh you know the oh it's sort of like that old joke about the train engineer, he doesn't say what time the train leaves, he doesn't say what track it runs on, but let me get off the track and see who they blame. You know that's pretty much what we got paid for us to take the heat I think.
SPEAKER_R: Godhood
SPEAKER_L: You know. Not not seriously, but you know, yeah, we used to say look at the guy go well that's why you get paid the big bucks. You know you have to make this kind of decision. So you know it was fun fun time.
SPEAKER_R: that sounds
SPEAKER_L: So so where are you you're employed now in microbiology at the lab or what are you doing studying or what?
SPEAKER_R: I'm studying currently work although I work I work in a lab but not not at the level I want to be out of course until my degree which thankfully should be in May. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh good, good.
SPEAKER_R: yeah so hopefully after that I'll be really fully involved more so in the microbiological side now a little I kind of do a little bit of everything else. Some bio some can some of which
SPEAKER_L: Can I think
SPEAKER_R: I like a good experience you know what I mean? You gotta gotta pay your dues so
SPEAKER_L: I was glad I got my degree in aviation management and engineering degree. But the one thing we didn't have
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: to take was chemistry. I remember my buds.
SPEAKER_R: cooper. Uh
SPEAKER_L: they were just it was kim kim engineers
SPEAKER_R: hurt.
SPEAKER_L: and stuff. They were just going nuts on chemistry. It's like thank God I didn't have to do that.
SPEAKER_R: no by some by some strange twist of fate like my best friend went to school for chemistry. My other very good friend is a chemical engineer. I don't I ended up surrounded by chemistry people and I oh I just I can't tell you how many times I listen like I'm not the world's best student but I'm a very I'm a hard worker. I'm very dedicated so I'm not the smartest in the world but I've tried to make up for it with hard work.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: got it. I got
SPEAKER_R: can't
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: tell you how many times I took Organic Chemistry one and 2 trying to improve my grade gain a better understanding. I was like these classes will not conquer me like I will prevail. I did not prevail. It's hard for my major but the grades on my g the grades on my transcript are not good. Um it's a shame but I tried I tried my best. I took organic chemistry 13 times which is the macular
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: people.
SPEAKER_L: reminds me of what I took. Uh We had to take a plastics technology course. Oh lord. These words are like
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: you know 25, 30 Letters Long, Sort of Like Chemistry. I was glad to get out of that with my shirt.
SPEAKER_R: that's nothing.
SPEAKER_L: It was like, oh man. I mean, uh, we were all just like, this is insane because every word, I mean, I understood the ideas, but
SPEAKER_R: Kingdom.
SPEAKER_L: I've never been a great in english, english words have never been my strong suit anyway. As far as feeling. Oh my Lord. You know, you could have to two totally different things and they were smelled almost the same, you know. And yet to remember, it's like just get me out of here. So thank God I made it out of there, probably the lowest grade I made in college. It was,
SPEAKER_R: You know what you're like if I passed? Uh
SPEAKER_L: oh yeah. I was going to fail. I would have took a D and been happy,
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: but I did get to see it. I think.
SPEAKER_R: come on.
SPEAKER_L: I don't even know how. But you know.
SPEAKER_R: Sometimes just gotta accept because you're like, it's a gift from the universe. I'm just gonna move on.
SPEAKER_L: It's like take that run,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: take it and run.
SPEAKER_R: I totally agree with us.
SPEAKER_L: Oh boy. So yeah, I can appreciate that. So what do you want to do down the road
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: where you going with this?
SPEAKER_R: Chemistry, that's for sure.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I got that. So where is bo I be, where's this bow? Um
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: where is it taking you?
SPEAKER_R: I actually just interviewed for last week, very nervous, interviewed for my dream internship. So I'm very scared. Um It's a basically a hospital position where you learn to uh process blood samples, urine samples, things like that. It's really it's a really good work. It's steady work. Once you're certified, you can go anywhere in the country and get a job very quickly
SPEAKER_L: okay. That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: to demand for it. Yeah. Again, my parents are very always instilled in me very like make sure
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: you have
SPEAKER_L: course.
SPEAKER_R: work the next step like a practical next step. Um if I don't get in this year and it is very competitive programs will be like two students a year, like it's very very hard to get in. I'm probably gonna try to either continue at my job or I think do something else. Maybe try to find a position that's a step up from the one I'm at now and then probably reapply again, I mean, listen, you're in north Carolina in the research triangle, right by you live in a good area for for biology and chemistry and everything. I'm fortunate I do as well. So I think there's a good availability of jobs.
SPEAKER_L: you're good. That would be fun. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And a steady income. Always Nothing wrong with that
SPEAKER_R: No, no, no,
SPEAKER_L: at all. Especially in this day and
SPEAKER_R: I completely
SPEAKER_L: age.
SPEAKER_R: agree.
SPEAKER_L: I think medicine and by, you know, biomedicine, I mean genetics, I think we're gonna look back even now, you're beginning to look back at what they did in the seventies and eighties and it looked like archaic. It's like, oh my gosh, I remember an old star trek episode where they somehow came to this advanced planet and or no, they went back to Earth as it is today.
SPEAKER_R: Bring
SPEAKER_L: And of course, you know, they could scan and figure out with a scanner what everything and fix you with some sort of scanner. Of course the guy wanted to cut it, cut his arm off or something. He goes, oh my God, you know, and I thought, yeah, that's really what we're practicing, still
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: caveman medicine,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I completely agree. I think with artificial technology now like there, but I think we're really on the cost of something crazy
SPEAKER_L: I think. I feel like and of course I have a vested interest, but I think if you live 20 more years you're gonna live a lot longer because because of the ability to reengineer what goes wrong with you inside, not not give you something and you know, try to patch you back together and hope for the best.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: You know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think.
SPEAKER_L: and I think you
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: even see that with the corona coronavirus uh vaccine, they're using genetics to get a jump on it, I think. I mean that's what I've read.
SPEAKER_R: And they have I mean all these monoclonal antibodies which is what they used to treat the president when he had coronavirus. Um There's any sort of medicine ad you see that ends with like um usually it ends like map or ab like an antibody. Um The things they can do. Like I we had an immunology this semester. We had to pick a disease research at all semester. Present a present to our class on it. Right. A huge wrong thing for about it. And I picked there's really my name is p NH it's paroxysmal nocturnal human blob Urania. Which means that when you sleep your red blood cells explode and then you pay out the blood in your urine which is horrific disease. Every
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: reason if you have.
SPEAKER_L: that's a real disease. That's that's scary.
SPEAKER_R: it's very it's very frightening. If it's any comfort to you. It's extremely rare.
SPEAKER_L: Well, good. I haven't noticed that problem, so thankfully. I hopefully not.
SPEAKER_R: I got it's very frightening. All the diseases and immunology are very scary like that. But you know, um, they're able to treat it pretty effectively with one of these monoclonal antibodies, just like they treat coronavirus pretty effectively with it. Um, I think in the future, I mean, people are now saying monoclonal antibodies, they're going to be able to use them if you have cancer. Well, I could probably around 20, years, you'll end up cancer. They'll make you the perfect sort of treatment and your we will just take care of it. I mean,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you're right. I think it's headed that way for sure. The question then is what comes after that, of course, what's the next problem? Because, you know, we uh in this late sixties, you know, we've solved a lot of the regular things that people were dying
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: on, but now they're dying of, you know, it really, you know, you didn't die of the plague, so to speak. Well now you die of heart disease or something else. So, and I'm an interesting uh I read a book about how like these may be long term symptoms of an underlying disease that we haven't detected, like uh heart, like high blood pressure is
SPEAKER_R: In.
SPEAKER_L: a symptom of a disease, not a disease itself. You know, they're questioning that, hey, maybe this is something that's been fairly dormant, you know, over a long period of time in your body and it's just slowly doing whatever it does,
SPEAKER_R: I can see that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that could be the next uh you know, as we get into this, we're going to get the opportunity for something else. Uh you know, we'll recognize things that we didn't even realize we're diseases.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. Yeah. Just like they didn't in the past, you know what I mean? Everything didn't really understand. I think it's really only so of course we had to learn about the history of microbiology. It's really weird when you realize just how recently it was that they realized like there was this one scientist and he realized like, oh you know if I take a rabbit that has a disease and I inject let's say blood or pus or something from this rabbit into another rabbit and that rabbit gets sick, then obviously there's something there's some underlying disease that that can move from person to person. Animal, animal. And I wanted a couple 100 years ago, you know. So I really think my my advisor and my my um my advisors of microbiologist and he's his mind functions on a level I can't even begin to comprehend. But I personally think sort of in line with what you're saying and he sort of feels the way that probably we're going to start to solve a lot of these issues, your cancer, your um your these sorts of diseases, but then at some point you're gonna be left with a population, we're going to have to confront obesity, heart disease, high blood pressure, um these sort of diseases of affluence that are more so killing people in the in the first world versus um developing countries. So um and then I think in some way after that there's going to be way too many people on the planet and we're going to have to figure out.
SPEAKER_L: I wouldn't, I would look um Anyhow, I wouldn't put a lot of worry about that because back in the 60s we're all gonna be overpopulated and die by now
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: over and over. And what's happened is I think there's a real revolution about to occur in the food production side with hydroponics and all its up to 70% more productive
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: than standard farming with you know the best techniques that you would use in the States. And so that means you're gonna be able to support 70 times you know, seven times the population we have today, so there's a lot of room to grow,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: agree. And I
SPEAKER_L: you know.
SPEAKER_R: think to, you know, this is, I mean, this is just personally, I really feel strongly about this. I feel so I feel so strongly when people, you know, people always raise hell about GMOs if you don't want me saying so, you know, I'm still sad. They invented this really cool um this really cool
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: thing called golden rice, which is regular rice. Like you buy the stock market, but they engineered it to produce beta carotene gene um which, but there It's so there's such a strong vitamin a deficiency in so many parts of the developing world. They, I think they said something like 500,000 Children a year are Blanco blind for no reason. You know, of course never happens, shouldn't happen in like America. Um and you know, people, people push against it. They think like it's big government trying to take over. And I'm like, personally, I think Children not going blind is actually,
SPEAKER_L: there is a good thing basically how that works out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think you'll start to see more stuff like that where food becomes more helpful. You know what I mean, when it comes. Not. Right,
SPEAKER_L: and I think that's good no question about it, but we need to respect also the issues uh when you improve that seed for that thing, her nearing the ability of it probably to survive in a general environment, in a broader environment, in other words you're selecting it out so that it will succeed in a particular way, but that also limits its survival in a broader context. I was really amazingly reading, You know, I enjoy reading a lot of different science because it's changed so much in the last literally 20 years, 30 years. And uh it's interesting that yes, we need to do that. We also need to guard against uh, the ability for the crops if you will survive uh in a changing climate as a, you know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: the whole
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: thing in ecology were naturally as, as the place gets warmer. Just, you know, species start moving towards the north. Right. Because then it ends up being the same the same environment that they were used to because now the same temperature there. But that is true. I mean that's true. And it's actually like a kind of I guess you would call like a maxim sort of in molecular science. The idea that if you're if an organism evolves in some way, it probably gave up something else to do that just with golden rice, maybe it doesn't survive as well in certain climates. It's
SPEAKER_L: But but you don't need it to survive in those climates. You need to survive. What we have to be careful of is that it's so successful that we don't have any other rice for places where gold, whatever won't survive. You know,
SPEAKER_R: No, that's true. That's absolutely,
SPEAKER_L: I don't even know if that's a real thing, but that would be a possibility.
SPEAKER_R: it absolutely can be people, people introduced stuff that's um you know, better at surviving and then end up being a problem. Like a lot of the birds and north America are actually an invasive species from England
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: and I
SPEAKER_L: classic
SPEAKER_R: talked it over
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: and they out competed. All the original sparrows and finches and they all died off.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, well, kudzu in the south is the classic, you know what that is, kudzu?
SPEAKER_R: I've heard it, but I don't know what it is.
SPEAKER_L: Well, it's a plant that's uh, grows rapidly and it was introduced from like china somewhere in the orient. I don't think it's proper china proper, but somewhere over in the Eastern Asia. And uh their uh, they used they thought they could use it for erosion control.
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: The problem is literally grows like a foot a day. Well, it's just taking over trees and everything because over there they had a, I forget what animal predator that ate it exists here. So it has no natural uh limitation,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: you know, predator or whatever. It's stopping it from growing. So it literally huge oak trees have been killed by this vine. I had it into my backyard and you can barely kill it every week I go cut it back and pull it up by the roots and and uh, work it back. But if I left that yard, I'm sure this was years ago, but I'm sure they're still fighting that that
SPEAKER_R: I'm probably,
SPEAKER_L: that I mean because every bit of it up near my property and you know in a few weeks and be back to it, you know, you can burn it, you can dig it up, you can pull it up,
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: I'll
SPEAKER_R: happens.
SPEAKER_L: be by the roots.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's
SPEAKER_L: Beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: first of all, that's really framing, let's look scared. I remember my sister bought a house a couple of years ago and my mom was saying like you can't buy this house because there's bamboo in the backyard, bamboo is not like kudzu level, but you're
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: also never going to get rid of that either. So
SPEAKER_L: that's true.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if this is much of a problem down where you are. But here a big thing, the scourge has been spotted, lantern flies. I don't know if you've had them as much
SPEAKER_L: No, not really.
SPEAKER_R: school. Oh, the nasty. They came over probably on a lumber shipped. They're extremely, extremely good at camouflaging themselves. Are very there one almost brought into my house with my dad came to visit and his lunch pail dropped into the pocket, the outside pocket of his lunch pail. And he's like, he's like I was looking for and he's like before I walked in the house, I had an idea and turn on the flashlight on my phone. Look inside. There it is at the bottom of my lunch pail, Excuse me, This is my lunch pail, no stone. Like I was just like just they, they really, they think they only lay eggs on this one particular tree, which is also an invasive species from china. They don't, their natural predator doesn't exist here. So they're absolutely control. They just, they suck the sap and moisture out of trees and so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've heard of that, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: unfortunately they made it out to California. They said it's gonna, it has the potential to destroy the wine industry in California.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, that's terrible. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I know. So anyway I guess that's why we have to, you know, we get we have to be careful with science is both good and bad because all these things, you know
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: a lot of these things like kudzu was a great idea when they when they first thought about it, I didn't realize the full picture, it's hard to get the whole uh effect unintended consequences of of things. So I think we'll see some of that with microbiology as we advance with the new technology. We're gonna unfortunately run into a few mistakes.
SPEAKER_R: I agree sadly.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, you know, somebody be a guinea pig.
SPEAKER_R: It's true. I mean I you
SPEAKER_L: happen.
SPEAKER_R: think we did learn about this in a lot of my classes where we've talked about examples like this, of these these sort of invasive species. And now I think that the idea in science is very much like neither you nor any organization you're part of is going to be smart enough to make a decision. Like let's introduce this to the wild. Like very much warn you to be humble to realize you have no idea what's really going on. You know, none of us know. But I think that probably for a long time that wasn't really what they taught people. They probably just go for it. It's fine. What happened?
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah, the idea in the sixties, late sixties and throughout the seventies was we are smart and we're going to conquer the world with science. You know, we're not as smart as we thought we were. You know? So anyway, I don't know. Well I've got to start cooking. I'm the cook. My wife did volunteer work tonight, so I'm gonna unfortunately leave you. I'm dan we should have
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: introduced ourselves at least a little bit.
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: grateful.
SPEAKER_L: it's good
SPEAKER_R: I was very nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: and I enjoyed the conversation. And uh I'm gonna send them a note because like I said, I told him that oh you hadn't shown up because they've been six minutes by my clock and not that, you know, I just just click the thing
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: chris
SPEAKER_L: said, uh technical problem, nobody showed up. So I'm gonna send them a thing and tell them, I'm sure they got the recording, they can see it so you know, so we can get credit for it as well as they can use the research for whatever they're doing.
SPEAKER_R: absolutely. It looks it looks like it's recording on my end, so I think we're more proud.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it is on both. It never quit. So we should be okay. So
SPEAKER_R: good. All
SPEAKER_L: it was really great target with
SPEAKER_R: absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: you learned a few things, appreciate
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: you. Thanks for sharing your experiences with me, dan. I appreciate it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have a great evening
SPEAKER_R: Thanks
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: you too. Fine.