Yeah. Yeah. Two right with you. Test. Test, get the best. Okay. Okay. In the hotel room? Yeah. The championship. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. That's not a compliment. Mhm. You want to? Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't care. Yeah. You can use it for good reason. Mhm Right. Mhm Uh huh. Yeah. I love christmas. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Okay. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah, I don't think, but I'm not affected and that's it. Oh, Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm I don't know. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Mhm, mm. I'm not afraid. Okay. Like what? Okay. Yeah. Your regular, you can keep them going to school. Mhm. Mhm. Never. Mhm. Okay. I mean, Yeah. Yeah. Excuse me. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah, I don't think anyone. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Something Okay. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Wait, mm. Yeah. Yeah. No, show me. I don't know. Mr, I'm drinking. Mhm.
Yeah.
Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah.
Mhm. No. Mhm
Come on. Yeah, Yeah.
Hello?
I
can't hear you as you're my comb. Can you hear me okay? I can't hear you yet.
Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm.
Mhm. Look at your picture
and click on it. There should be a microphone up there that, do you see? It doesn't show it's working. Yeah, because let me stay here. Let me see if you don't mind. And then
how about now, Can you say something?
But there we go. Good.
I'm good. How are you doing?
Good? I thought you weren't gonna make it there for a minute.
no.
good. Because I just had just told him that, that you hadn't shown up. So I hope this works out for us. Uh, who knows? We'll just have to see what happens. So anyway, uh, so where are you located? What part of the world?
Okay. Yeah, I'm down in north Carolina, so we're on the same time zone. That's interesting. Yeah. Yeah. So here we got a lot of rain today. What about your way?
Yeah. They keep sending alerts out emergency flood warning alerts on our cell phones. Yeah, I guess there's some new technology they have,
don't worry.
Yeah, I mean it was good, my wife though had sound up and it was really loud,
it was like oh my gosh and uh you know they so it's nice to know uh like I just thought another one said oh emergency but we drove I had to drove over and drop off a payment today and it wasn't anything going on. I don't know why they, you know, I'm sure somewhere it's a problem, I don't know.
But
it makes you wonder.
Yeah, we're pretty high here anyway so it wouldn't be flooding around you know here anyway but I guess somewhere in the county there's flooding I don't know
so but tornadoes I guess or the biggie
alert for tornadoes when they actually have a tornado warning. Uh That might be very useful especially if you were sleeping or whatever. Stop.
Yeah. 28 is up in the northeast very often
I think
that
I got you. I got you. Well anyway that's uh what's going on on this end of the world? Rain or rainy but it's supposed to clear up this afternoon and be back to normal I guess.
Yeah. When do you all get snow up your way?
that's sort of the way it is here. Some I mean they were talking about how hot it was down here but it's always hot now in november. We have what we call the indian summer. You know we're uh it gets warm again and they always talk about it like oh my gosh it's so well it's like it always is for about a month and then it will get cold and that'll be it. It'll be winter then for a few months.
Yeah. Well it still is yeah I mean he got cool just a little bit for a couple of days like and got down to 50 45 51 night But like yesterday was 78° again You know today it's a little cooler but not still 72 so comfortable so that's about it.
So. So how's covid treating you?
Okay.
Well
Oh you did have
Covid?
Oh my gosh, that's pretty scary.
Yeah. How did uh how did you figure out where you might have gotten it from or
trace
it down and all that?
But yeah we're all right. The, yeah.
that's good. Yeah
we haven't really uh I've heard of a couple of cases but we really haven't had anybody we know come down with it. So
so it's a I guess a different experience. I mean you hear about it from people friends of friends of friends? Oh well he got Covid but you don't hear you know I haven't heard of anybody dying from it down here that anybody I know knows.
So
yeah it is uh it appears though that the death rate is less than it used to be a maybe they've got to treat it
better. I don't know.
so that's
there.
You're
an alley. Yeah.
Yeah It looks mighty. I mean, I don't want to be a conspiracy theorist but is there any, it looks like it really? I don't want to say it's engineer but it seems like it's pretty well targeted to humans. I
mean the kinds of things that attacks are really interesting.
Right. To get rid of it. Sure.
Here.
Now
that's interesting. Yeah, you can answer this core. The it's really just a like a souped up version of the common cold. It's got a little bit more ability to attack.
So my question is regarding the via the vaccination, will it last? Will it be a long term solution? Like if I got yeah, I got vaccinated from the mumps and whatever. Well, I didn't actually, I had the mumps when I was really little. That was before. I'm so ancient. it was before that, that's scary. But uh but the measles, Okay.
And uh you know, you don't have to ever worry about it again basically.
But this didn't, I mean just because you get vaccinated doesn't mean it necessarily is going to last,
Is that right?
Right. Well I tend to agree if it if it is valid, I mean really, it sounds like this one that they're working on, it's pretty effective, but they I've read though that is it right? It's got to be kept like super cold before you get it or something.
it's got to be kept at like 100 and something degrees below zero until it's ministered or you know, prepared to administer or whatever to keep it uh you know working or available whatever you call it. Uh I can't think of the technical term right now. But uh, that's interesting because, uh, I've never been a big flu shot guy because it's the 30% effectiveness of it. It's not about right what it is. I don't know exactly, but
Right. That just seems ridiculous to me.
Well, and see, you know, as I get older, that's more of an issue. But the only time I actually got the flu was the year I had the flu shots that sort of turned me against it.
I mean that was 2020
years ago and I, well, I flew airplanes for a living for
like
40 years
now with the public forever, all the time
in the environment. The air mixes all, you know, remixes forever. And I felt like that probably helped my immune system, which brings me back to the question of the corn, a coronavirus. I was reading I think last night that they feel like there may be some transference from previous, not corona
obviously similar. You know, you had different coals that your body can pick up and that's why some people are not really having big symptoms because they may have already developed not necessarily antibodies but but t sales or some junk. I don't know that. You know, I know there's a difference, but I don't, you know, you would know the technical side of that.
Right. How it reacts?
Yeah. Yeah. That's what I thought because it seems like either you really your system reacts violently if it will do it or you don't apparently don't react that much. I was interesting. So, uh, you know, because that, you know, I just we also know a lady that took the flu shot and became paralyzed and she owned a hair cutting business and for six months couldn't work. And she basically took two years. She's still not right. But it took her two years to get really functional again. And lucky to live because of some strange reaction to the shot.
The flu shot.
What?
Yeah, that's right. That's a fancy word. Yeah,
it was
And so, of course, I don't know. I just so it brings to the coronavirus. Yeah, I'm worried about the coronavirus, but I'm also, uh, you know what, you know, I hope they have had time to check the side effects that might come from it, you know, because, uh, I'm not sure I'm pretty healthy and although I'm I'm not six, I'm 62. I'm not old enough yet to be in the really critical group, but getting kind of close enough. But I thought, well, you know, I'm trying to balance whether it's a smart idea to uh, if you know, once it comes out, I sure don't get the thing and and have serious complications. And apparently there's long term month, takes months for some, some damage is done. That's not repairable quickly. Is that the problem?
Two.
Well, yeah, something's being triggered that in some people see that's what worries me more than actually having it because I feel like a virus. Yeah, it's bad.
But you probably get over that if you're generally healthy. But what if you have longer term symptoms? I mean, what kinds of symptoms have you guys had if you don't mind sharing? I mean
anything significant or just aggravating?
Hello.
That's the, yeah.
Yeah. That would have been really scary to find out you had covid after having that history.
It's like great.
you just don't,
but you didn't notice it after the fact you didn't feel the same quite the same.
Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's pretty interesting. So, well, so how did in the world did you get into Microbiology?
All right.
You're steady works.
Oh, my dad flew and I've always wanted to do it since I was little. So I just basically went to the local airport and traded and worked for flying lessons
and
one thing led to another. So you know, I've been doing that my whole life
basically. Yeah. Fun. Never really had to go to work. Just have fun years
ago. The wires used to complain. The pilots never wanted to come home because I always wanted to go to work because they do one.
Yeah. Yeah. The last about 15 years I flew to the Caribbean, primarily Florida Charlotte and we'd fly down to like Costa Rica, wait a couple hours, you know, load and unload the people and bring them back. That was a really nice route. Uh, interesting airports
down there sometimes a little more challenging than you're boring us airport that's all laid out perfectly with no mountains, that kind of thing, you know, So that was a fun. And uh, that was a long, long enough that we had to have three pilots. So you got a rest break halfway down or back. So it was really an easy day. And Because you made a lot of money, we can't fly about 30 hours, Uh, or 35, depending on some rules,
but
basically 30 hours flight hours a week. So you could only fly that thing three days a week. So it was nice. You basically like had a part time job that paid full time.
So
yeah, so that was fun. And you know, you knew the guy, the flight attendants, uh, that worked, the crew that worked, there was a small group that you had to be fairly senior. So you got to no, pretty much the people that worked it regularly. So it was, you know, fun. You know, just like a small family,
you
know, Oh yeah, we're going down there back today and you know, just, it was fun. Always has been. But believe,
go ahead.
I was just saying, believe it or not, I love flying the jets like 7 50 sevens all that, but the small airplanes are more fun. I still, that's how I grew
up started flying and so now that I retired, I'm trying to get back into a little of that, flying a few days a week, you know, make a little money, but mainly just for the fun of it.
Well, um, it's not like I sit around the old man wished, you know, because I was also glad about ready to retire because in some ways it was boring. I mean once you've done it a long time, one of the most dangerous part is, uh, the boredom trying to stay alert because you've seen it, you've got the t shirts, you know. Uh, but at the same time, you're also aware of how many little things there are that can trip you up. So you do have to alert and uh, you know, I'm happy with my life today, but I'm hoping to get a friend of mine, actually my brother in law, but I knew him before. He was that
Years. You know, we've known each other since the like the 4th 5th grade and he flew to and he just retired. And so we're talking about getting a possibly a small airplane flying little charter, you know, cargo or there's so much demand for packages now. You know, just to do a couple of times a week for fun. We'll make money of course, but mainly to keep your hand in it. But not too serious. You have access to an airplane for us to go on vacations or wherever you want to go with of course have to have the company paid for the planes because they are a little expensive to have not prohibitively, but you know, like owning a luxury BMW or luxury, you know, a luxury car that anyway, so
you know,
no, it's
it's wall completely seniority, the position you hold, the plane you fly and then the month the trips you get, it's all based on seniority. So
you know, I got hired fortunately young so I was able to enjoy relatively good seniority uh for the last 15 years of my career.
So you know, I got to fly that trip because I wanted to, I could have flown to europe and some of that, but that just didn't look like fun to me. I mean you fly on, you fly all night long, you know, and then you try to sleep all day and then fly back, you know the next day. It's like this stuff just doesn't look like much fun to me. Uh I mean, yes, it's glad, you know the one thing everybody wants to know. Ho do you fly international? You know, I have flown over there a few times. I've flown to Japan and flown you know, over in europe a little bit. but but you know that's you know, I enjoyed the caribbean because really it was like the old days down there, the captain's the captain, nobody's trying, you know everybody's super educated about what the jobs are and what they should do and they all think they know more than you do about whatever it is,
you know uh you know the oh it's sort of like that old joke about the train engineer, he doesn't say what time the train leaves, he doesn't say what track it runs on, but let me get off the track and see who they blame. You know that's pretty much what we got paid for us to take the heat I think.
You know. Not not seriously, but you know, yeah, we used to say look at the guy go well that's why you get paid the big bucks. You know you have to make this kind of decision. So you know it was fun fun time.
So so where are you you're employed now in microbiology at the lab or what are you doing studying or what?
Oh good, good.
Can I think
I was glad I got my degree in aviation management and engineering degree. But the one thing we didn't have
to take was chemistry. I remember my buds.
they were just it was kim kim engineers
and stuff. They were just going nuts on chemistry. It's like thank God I didn't have to do that.
I
got it. I got
it.
That
reminds me of what I took. Uh We had to take a plastics technology course. Oh lord. These words are like
you know 25, 30 Letters Long, Sort of Like Chemistry. I was glad to get out of that with my shirt.
It was like, oh man. I mean, uh, we were all just like, this is insane because every word, I mean, I understood the ideas, but
I've never been a great in english, english words have never been my strong suit anyway. As far as feeling. Oh my Lord. You know, you could have to two totally different things and they were smelled almost the same, you know. And yet to remember, it's like just get me out of here. So thank God I made it out of there, probably the lowest grade I made in college. It was,
oh yeah. I was going to fail. I would have took a D and been happy,
but I did get to see it. I think.
I don't even know how. But you know.
It's like take that run,
take it and run.
Oh boy. So yeah, I can appreciate that. So what do you want to do down the road
where you going with this?
Yeah, I got that. So where is bo I be, where's this bow? Um
where is it taking you?
okay. That's cool.
of
course.
you're good. That would be fun. Yeah.
And a steady income. Always Nothing wrong with that
at all. Especially in this day and
age.
I think medicine and by, you know, biomedicine, I mean genetics, I think we're gonna look back even now, you're beginning to look back at what they did in the seventies and eighties and it looked like archaic. It's like, oh my gosh, I remember an old star trek episode where they somehow came to this advanced planet and or no, they went back to Earth as it is today.
And of course, you know, they could scan and figure out with a scanner what everything and fix you with some sort of scanner. Of course the guy wanted to cut it, cut his arm off or something. He goes, oh my God, you know, and I thought, yeah, that's really what we're practicing, still
caveman medicine,
I think. I feel like and of course I have a vested interest, but I think if you live 20 more years you're gonna live a lot longer because because of the ability to reengineer what goes wrong with you inside, not not give you something and you know, try to patch you back together and hope for the best.
You know,
and I think you
even see that with the corona coronavirus uh vaccine, they're using genetics to get a jump on it, I think. I mean that's what I've read.
That
that's a real disease. That's that's scary.
Well, good. I haven't noticed that problem, so thankfully. I hopefully not.
Yeah, you're right. I think it's headed that way for sure. The question then is what comes after that, of course, what's the next problem? Because, you know, we uh in this late sixties, you know, we've solved a lot of the regular things that people were dying
on, but now they're dying of, you know, it really, you know, you didn't die of the plague, so to speak. Well now you die of heart disease or something else. So, and I'm an interesting uh I read a book about how like these may be long term symptoms of an underlying disease that we haven't detected, like uh heart, like high blood pressure is
a symptom of a disease, not a disease itself. You know, they're questioning that, hey, maybe this is something that's been fairly dormant, you know, over a long period of time in your body and it's just slowly doing whatever it does,
that could be the next uh you know, as we get into this, we're going to get the opportunity for something else. Uh you know, we'll recognize things that we didn't even realize we're diseases.
I wouldn't, I would look um Anyhow, I wouldn't put a lot of worry about that because back in the 60s we're all gonna be overpopulated and die by now
over and over. And what's happened is I think there's a real revolution about to occur in the food production side with hydroponics and all its up to 70% more productive
than standard farming with you know the best techniques that you would use in the States. And so that means you're gonna be able to support 70 times you know, seven times the population we have today, so there's a lot of room to grow,
I mean
you know.
huh.
there is a good thing basically how that works out. Yeah.
and I think that's good no question about it, but we need to respect also the issues uh when you improve that seed for that thing, her nearing the ability of it probably to survive in a general environment, in a broader environment, in other words you're selecting it out so that it will succeed in a particular way, but that also limits its survival in a broader context. I was really amazingly reading, You know, I enjoy reading a lot of different science because it's changed so much in the last literally 20 years, 30 years. And uh it's interesting that yes, we need to do that. We also need to guard against uh, the ability for the crops if you will survive uh in a changing climate as a, you know. Yeah.
So
But but you don't need it to survive in those climates. You need to survive. What we have to be careful of is that it's so successful that we don't have any other rice for places where gold, whatever won't survive. You know,
I don't even know if that's a real thing, but that would be a possibility.
the
classic
is
yeah, well, kudzu in the south is the classic, you know what that is, kudzu?
Well, it's a plant that's uh, grows rapidly and it was introduced from like china somewhere in the orient. I don't think it's proper china proper, but somewhere over in the Eastern Asia. And uh their uh, they used they thought they could use it for erosion control.
The problem is literally grows like a foot a day. Well, it's just taking over trees and everything because over there they had a, I forget what animal predator that ate it exists here. So it has no natural uh limitation,
you know, predator or whatever. It's stopping it from growing. So it literally huge oak trees have been killed by this vine. I had it into my backyard and you can barely kill it every week I go cut it back and pull it up by the roots and and uh, work it back. But if I left that yard, I'm sure this was years ago, but I'm sure they're still fighting that that
that I mean because every bit of it up near my property and you know in a few weeks and be back to it, you know, you can burn it, you can dig it up, you can pull it up,
I'll
be by the roots.
Beautiful.
No.
that's true.
No, not really.
Yeah, I've heard of that, yeah.
Oh yeah, that's terrible. Yeah.
I know. So anyway I guess that's why we have to, you know, we get we have to be careful with science is both good and bad because all these things, you know
a lot of these things like kudzu was a great idea when they when they first thought about it, I didn't realize the full picture, it's hard to get the whole uh effect unintended consequences of of things. So I think we'll see some of that with microbiology as we advance with the new technology. We're gonna unfortunately run into a few mistakes.
Hey, you know, somebody be a guinea pig.
happen.
Well yeah, the idea in the sixties, late sixties and throughout the seventies was we are smart and we're going to conquer the world with science. You know, we're not as smart as we thought we were. You know? So anyway, I don't know. Well I've got to start cooking. I'm the cook. My wife did volunteer work tonight, so I'm gonna unfortunately leave you. I'm dan we should have
introduced ourselves at least a little bit.
So
it's good
and I enjoyed the conversation. And uh I'm gonna send them a note because like I said, I told him that oh you hadn't shown up because they've been six minutes by my clock and not that, you know, I just just click the thing
that
said, uh technical problem, nobody showed up. So I'm gonna send them a thing and tell them, I'm sure they got the recording, they can see it so you know, so we can get credit for it as well as they can use the research for whatever they're doing.
Yeah, it is on both. It never quit. So we should be okay. So
it was really great target with
you learned a few things, appreciate
that.
Yeah, I have a great evening
to