Hello? Oh yeah
can you hear me? Oh.
Uh huh. Yeah yeah. Mhm. So Pillar. Oh
okay
okay.
Hi can
you hear me?
what is that?
How about now
Every,
bitch.
Hello?
All right excellent how are you doing?
I'm doing well thank you.
Uh To be honest I actually was I was sitting here for a few minutes but you couldn't hear me? No
uh We're working now so. Oh
uh I'm in the Northeastern us. How about you?
uh we were supposed to get a lot of rain but really was kind of only nasty out there is a little little bit right but not too bad
yeah it is convenient
though it's nice if you're not buying T. V. You know if it's something here.
No.
I
want
it does. I I feel like because I get them to and then I I never end up rarely does it ever end up being actually happening in my area. Do you know what? It will never, it will be like flooding really severe and I look outside and I'll talk to people in my neighborhood and I'll say no but nothing here. But I mean
Got
who?
Yeah, one of those over the summer and so, but actually it was the one time I think it actually has been something um there was a tornado tornado uh Not a couple of miles, let's say like 10, 15 miles from me. So I mean at that point they can move so fast, you know?
not very often were more hurricane
people
here I think with everything with the weather getting crazier, you know? Um Yeah, sometimes we'll get tornadoes. Yeah,
constant
usually could be, could be december, we've had a couple of white christmases but anymore it starts more like january but it could be the latest march, so I feel like now it goes later, starts later goes later. Yeah.
I agree. We just had a week like that here. Is that what happened to you guys? It was like in the 70s and stuff? It was
I agree.
What a what an interesting question, sorry. Uh
It's it's not the best is it? As my brother
in law we say it's not not the best. Um I had it really early on.
Very
early on. Yeah.
Yeah it was, you know my um I'm fortunate to be pretty pretty young, healthy ish, you know, definitely not true for everyone in my family, so it was that was really scary. Um It's been it's been an adjustment, you know what I mean? I think it's been adjustment for everybody. It's definitely what's new times we're living in for sure.
I didn't I
got it
I got it from my dad, I'm not eating and then gave it to my mom so
I'm I listen I feel fortunate because I there are people that my dad's work who brought it home to their wives and their wives died. You know what I mean? Like you have to live with that knowing that knowing that that happened I I think would be very very difficult. You know what I mean? So I feel we're fortunate that we all got away relatively unscathed. How?
Oh you.
good. That's good. Yeah.
that's
that's really good frankly.
More
yeah they said I actually um I studied microbiology so it's very no
I was
talking
about
um the death rate is actually considerably less. Which is which actually is good news. It used to be pretty bad if you were hospitalized but now if you're hospitalized you're you're way more likely to get out alive. Which is very fortunate. Absolutely.
Well
we do I mean there's nothing people do think that I understand why they think that it's interesting because bats are really the real reservoir like that's where from bats run really hot. Whereas humans don't so coronavirus can never take over their systems because the heat it's like when you have a fever when you're sick you know what I mean?
So the bath are never really affected. But unfortunately in these wet markets in china because they slaughter animals live it's just not sanitary. They'll keep like a bat cage on top of a pangolin on top of a pig. And so then you end up with, it's like, it's so dangerous and dirty. Like I'm genuinely, I know it's culturally important to them, but like it is even, you wouldn't see even the dirtiest slaughterhouse in America, you would not see a cow killed next to a chicken, killed a pig. So unfortunately that's like the, the ideal way to turn one disease into another. The same thing probably happened with swine flu. If you remember back in 2009, everyone was
talking about swine flu. That's
what happened.
Yes, very similar. Very similar.
Yeah.
Hannah.
No,
I think it will be not as yearly as the flu may because the flu, we always say it's different every year. You get different, you know, vaccinated every year. Coronavirus is, I think, I mean it's hard for me to project, but it mutates more slowly than the flu right now, which is good news. So I would say yearly is probably me too often. I think maybe bi yearly is what it's going to end up being a bi yearly vaccination would probably end up serving most people pretty well, which I mean, I know people feel a certain way about the yearly flu vaccine, but I feel like for me, I think a bi yearly vaccination for coronavirus is worth it to go back to some some sense of the normal life, we were happy, you know?
I honestly haven't heard a ton out eyes are back,
Uh listen, I love science, I'm a scientist. But the thing is when they sit down and try to figure out who's gonna have what strain of the flu this year and when and where.
I mean again I think it's worth it personally. But I that's that's what I've been trying to read into the future is difficult. I think it's worth it because flu can be so pernicious because again it's not really a big deal. But I also get like I get why people wouldn't want to have it by.
By that
unfortunately.
Let
me
wonderful.
No.
England.
we actually it was interesting. I just read some research that suggested that the reason kids are getting it less often than adults is that a lot of like you said you know the common cold could be like rhinovirus but it could also be a coronavirus. And they're saying because kids mm any bodies against these cold viruses don't tend to last very long. But they're saying kids might actually get it less because they do have these protections because they've had similar coronavirus is already. Whereas the older you get, that protection starts to wane. So it's less means less so in adults and so on and so forth. Just um but they actually uh we just had to do like a presentation on a paper in my immunology class and we were the researchers concluded, which was interesting the people who are doing the the worst and who often died when they had bad coronavirus cases. It wasn't necessarily that they had like first people thought it might have been viral load, like how much of it you're exposed to and no one, I'm sure yet. But it seems like it's your own immune system that ends up
in the end. Yeah.
We think
Joan Barry, it's
called the Ombre. It's a french name.
but it's happened yet. Sometimes you get, yeah,
reaction. It is.
Yeah. There is the group they're calling Covid long haulers. It's like, you know, they're still having symptoms months later. Um I mean, I, this is obviously anecdotal. I've had some long term symptoms. My dad has to, but my mom has not and we all really had it at the same time. I have a friend who had Covid very early on like first couple weeks of March, he was on track for med school and he was like, you know, we're just talking. He's like, I just not, he's like, I have not been the same since. He's like, it takes me longer to remember things. He's like,
and there for 10 minutes, I can't remember a word obviously again, what's what are we gonna do about it? And you know, is it for due to Covid hard to say. Um But there definitely are people who are still having having
it is.
In Britain.
For me, I have had issues with breathing as well, but I also had asthma as a kid, have had pneumonia
before, had the flu at one point. So, like my lungs are already kind of sensitive
I think.
Yeah, it was um my
yeah, my dad has had some symptoms in particular with he's now just way more tired. But I will say again, none of my disclosing this. My dad had a very serious art. Sorry, my dad had a very serious heart attack several years back, so, and he's also getting older. He works so hard. I mean my dad's a very hard worker so and again I'm not saying this to doubt that he's having his symptoms or that I'm having my symptom right?
You know just
No no
Yeah I wasn't really sure what I wanted to do after high school. Um You can probably don't really tell my paint and I'm like I'm more of an artistic kind of type. But
I I thought perhaps I might go into dental hygiene because you know they make good money, it's a good job, you know?
Exactly, yeah my parents are very practical in that way they're like go to college for something you can really use, you know like so I totally get so I ended up taking um took Anatomy and then I took a microbiology class and I was like oh yeah this is really for are you getting to flying planes? Oh my goodness.
That's
so
that's amazing.
got,
would you what was your did you have any routes you liked in particular or some route?
they want
I'm
not,
that's
great
I
want
I'm sorry.
no no please yes sorry
Well
do you do you feel like you miss it like unless you do it or do you miss it?
So
interesting.
No I'm curious as you got more senior in your company were you able to pick routes or is it more like no you're an experienced pilot
flying?
and
dr
some words.
Godhood
that sounds
I'm studying currently work although I work I work in a lab but not not at the level I want to be out of course until my degree which thankfully should be in May. So
yeah so hopefully after that I'll be really fully involved more so in the microbiological side now a little I kind of do a little bit of everything else. Some bio some can some of which
I like a good experience you know what I mean? You gotta gotta pay your dues so
and
cooper. Uh
hurt.
no by some by some strange twist of fate like my best friend went to school for chemistry. My other very good friend is a chemical engineer. I don't I ended up surrounded by chemistry people and I oh I just I can't tell you how many times I listen like I'm not the world's best student but I'm a very I'm a hard worker. I'm very dedicated so I'm not the smartest in the world but I've tried to make up for it with hard work.
I
can't
tell you how many times I took Organic Chemistry one and 2 trying to improve my grade gain a better understanding. I was like these classes will not conquer me like I will prevail. I did not prevail. It's hard for my major but the grades on my g the grades on my transcript are not good. Um it's a shame but I tried I tried my best. I took organic chemistry 13 times which is the macular
people.
there.
that's nothing.
Kingdom.
You know what you're like if I passed? Uh
All
come on.
Sometimes just gotta accept because you're like, it's a gift from the universe. I'm just gonna move on.
What?
I totally agree with us.
Well,
Chemistry, that's for sure.
Uh
I actually just interviewed for last week, very nervous, interviewed for my dream internship. So I'm very scared. Um It's a basically a hospital position where you learn to uh process blood samples, urine samples, things like that. It's really it's a really good work. It's steady work. Once you're certified, you can go anywhere in the country and get a job very quickly
to demand for it. Yeah. Again, my parents are very always instilled in me very like make sure
you have
work the next step like a practical next step. Um if I don't get in this year and it is very competitive programs will be like two students a year, like it's very very hard to get in. I'm probably gonna try to either continue at my job or I think do something else. Maybe try to find a position that's a step up from the one I'm at now and then probably reapply again, I mean, listen, you're in north Carolina in the research triangle, right by you live in a good area for for biology and chemistry and everything. I'm fortunate I do as well. So I think there's a good availability of jobs.
Yeah.
No, no, no,
I completely
agree.
Bring
I'm
yeah, I completely agree. I think with artificial technology now like there, but I think we're really on the cost of something crazy
Absolutely.
Yeah. I think.
All
And they have I mean all these monoclonal antibodies which is what they used to treat the president when he had coronavirus. Um There's any sort of medicine ad you see that ends with like um usually it ends like map or ab like an antibody. Um The things they can do. Like I we had an immunology this semester. We had to pick a disease research at all semester. Present a present to our class on it. Right. A huge wrong thing for about it. And I picked there's really my name is p NH it's paroxysmal nocturnal human blob Urania. Which means that when you sleep your red blood cells explode and then you pay out the blood in your urine which is horrific disease. Every
reason if you have.
it's very it's very frightening. If it's any comfort to you. It's extremely rare.
I got it's very frightening. All the diseases and immunology are very scary like that. But you know, um, they're able to treat it pretty effectively with one of these monoclonal antibodies, just like they treat coronavirus pretty effectively with it. Um, I think in the future, I mean, people are now saying monoclonal antibodies, they're going to be able to use them if you have cancer. Well, I could probably around 20, years, you'll end up cancer. They'll make you the perfect sort of treatment and your we will just take care of it. I mean,
No.
In.
I can see that. Yeah.
Absolutely. Yeah. Just like they didn't in the past, you know what I mean? Everything didn't really understand. I think it's really only so of course we had to learn about the history of microbiology. It's really weird when you realize just how recently it was that they realized like there was this one scientist and he realized like, oh you know if I take a rabbit that has a disease and I inject let's say blood or pus or something from this rabbit into another rabbit and that rabbit gets sick, then obviously there's something there's some underlying disease that that can move from person to person. Animal, animal. And I wanted a couple 100 years ago, you know. So I really think my my advisor and my my um my advisors of microbiologist and he's his mind functions on a level I can't even begin to comprehend. But I personally think sort of in line with what you're saying and he sort of feels the way that probably we're going to start to solve a lot of these issues, your cancer, your um your these sorts of diseases, but then at some point you're gonna be left with a population, we're going to have to confront obesity, heart disease, high blood pressure, um these sort of diseases of affluence that are more so killing people in the in the first world versus um developing countries. So um and then I think in some way after that there's going to be way too many people on the planet and we're going to have to figure out.
I mean,
And
I
agree. And I
think to, you know, this is, I mean, this is just personally, I really feel strongly about this. I feel so I feel so strongly when people, you know, people always raise hell about GMOs if you don't want me saying so, you know, I'm still sad. They invented this really cool um this really cool
thing called golden rice, which is regular rice. Like you buy the stock market, but they engineered it to produce beta carotene gene um which, but there It's so there's such a strong vitamin a deficiency in so many parts of the developing world. They, I think they said something like 500,000 Children a year are Blanco blind for no reason. You know, of course never happens, shouldn't happen in like America. Um and you know, people, people push against it. They think like it's big government trying to take over. And I'm like, personally, I think Children not going blind is actually,
I think you'll start to see more stuff like that where food becomes more helpful. You know what I mean, when it comes. Not. Right,
the whole
thing in ecology were naturally as, as the place gets warmer. Just, you know, species start moving towards the north. Right. Because then it ends up being the same the same environment that they were used to because now the same temperature there. But that is true. I mean that's true. And it's actually like a kind of I guess you would call like a maxim sort of in molecular science. The idea that if you're if an organism evolves in some way, it probably gave up something else to do that just with golden rice, maybe it doesn't survive as well in certain climates. It's
No, that's true. That's absolutely,
it absolutely can be people, people introduced stuff that's um you know, better at surviving and then end up being a problem. Like a lot of the birds and north America are actually an invasive species from England
and I
talked it over
and they out competed. All the original sparrows and finches and they all died off.
I've heard it, but I don't know what it is.
And
And
I'm probably,
It
happens.
Yeah. That's
first of all, that's really framing, let's look scared. I remember my sister bought a house a couple of years ago and my mom was saying like you can't buy this house because there's bamboo in the backyard, bamboo is not like kudzu level, but you're
also never going to get rid of that either. So
I don't know if this is much of a problem down where you are. But here a big thing, the scourge has been spotted, lantern flies. I don't know if you've had them as much
school. Oh, the nasty. They came over probably on a lumber shipped. They're extremely, extremely good at camouflaging themselves. Are very there one almost brought into my house with my dad came to visit and his lunch pail dropped into the pocket, the outside pocket of his lunch pail. And he's like, he's like I was looking for and he's like before I walked in the house, I had an idea and turn on the flashlight on my phone. Look inside. There it is at the bottom of my lunch pail, Excuse me, This is my lunch pail, no stone. Like I was just like just they, they really, they think they only lay eggs on this one particular tree, which is also an invasive species from china. They don't, their natural predator doesn't exist here. So they're absolutely control. They just, they suck the sap and moisture out of trees and so
unfortunately they made it out to California. They said it's gonna, it has the potential to destroy the wine industry in California.
Yeah.
I mean,
I agree sadly.
It's true. I mean I you
think we did learn about this in a lot of my classes where we've talked about examples like this, of these these sort of invasive species. And now I think that the idea in science is very much like neither you nor any organization you're part of is going to be smart enough to make a decision. Like let's introduce this to the wild. Like very much warn you to be humble to realize you have no idea what's really going on. You know, none of us know. But I think that probably for a long time that wasn't really what they taught people. They probably just go for it. It's fine. What happened?
What?
I'm
grateful.
I was very nice to meet you.
I'm
chris
absolutely. It looks it looks like it's recording on my end, so I think we're more proud.
good. All
absolutely.
Thank
you. Thanks for sharing your experiences with me, dan. I appreciate it.
Thanks
you too. Fine.