Oh. Mhm. Cool. Oh. Oh. Uh Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. What course? Mhm.
Hey what's up?
that sounds good.
Wait
no you're doing Oh
what?
Uh Pretty much sam play video games until this started,
I'm going back and playing Warner brothers mad max game again.
What?
uh yeah it was 2014, Somewhere around there. I don't remember
quality.
What?
That's a pretty good one. Uh I just had a timer. Just
good. Alright. Sweet. So what are you doing with your prolific money?
Mhm.
What was?
Yeah, I'm that's what I'm using it for as well, I kind of got sucked into playing against an impact. Um So I'm using it to fund my gotcha addiction.
Um I'm gonna pay for a season pass with it. Yeah.
Uh What you get for your switch?
What?
No? Okay.
Oh that online subscription totally, totally worth it. Yes
sir.
More yeah I also have a switch. Uh I got smash legend of Zelda, uh super Mario odyssey. Um and then I'm probably gonna get Mario kart or uh Mario party sometime soon I think. Yes.
Whoa.
I'm just probably going to be price reductions At least even even like $10 is still a lot.
Okay. Yeah, because there's a lot of switch games on like amazon for like 55 50 somewhere around there, But sometimes you'll see them at retail still for $60, so
Well
wow. I played the original one that was on Gamecube, That was that was a good game. I have, I haven't played the one for the three Ds for the news. Uh huh. I mean you can't really go wrong with Nintendo games though.
Yeah. And say all of them. Pretty much slap. Uh huh. Yeah, the switch is definitely a worthwhile investment.
Good.
Yeah. Are you going to get animal crossing?
that's how it felt to for me. Uh I'm just trying to keep up with my class work.
Yeah, I'm a sophomore.
Nice. What are you studying,
biochemistry?
Shit. I'm a political science major.
More.
Yeah, I'm hoping to I don't want to be a politician. I want to be a staffer.
So I'm doing my badge daughters. And then my university has a grad track program and I'm probably gonna do my masters too. Uh And then potentially law school if I get into any, you know, decent ones.
Mhm. What are you going to use a biochem for?
Yeah, it's pretty cool. Uh I think that's what my, one of my high school chemistry teachers did that. He started in in pharmaceuticals and then went to teaching.
Uh Yeah, that's fine. I go to the University of North texas. Yeah. Mhm. Okay.
Uh It's north of Dallas. It's called a then so texas game.
Uh Where do you go to school?
Oh thanks. I have a friend who lives in Georgia, trying to remember where the uh do you happen to do band?
Yeah. I did I did band all the way through. I still do the marching band here. But you know, it's been a very disappointing year for marching.
I started on french horn but for marching band acclaim. L. A. Phone.
Yeah. And then I I taught myself trumpet during my senior year to do jazz band.
That was a fun time. Uh So how'd you get into piano?
I know my family was really musical, so it was kind of just like what the fuck are you doing band? I was like not so that yeah I woke up like two hours ago.
I I try not to like eat out a lot, like I'll go through a drive through and then I have like my group of friends from band and like we're the only people that we all hang out with. Uh And I mean I go and get tested every week just because it's free on campus. So I might but we usually like go through the drive thru someplace like Taco Bell and then go sit in the parking lot. Yeah.
Right. Um I've got classes that having like in person options but also like done over zoom. So I've just been going to the zoom lectures instead or watching the recordings.
Yeah my class schedule is like 10 a.m. To one p.m. Monday Wednesday friday. And I can tell you I'm waking up and those classes are like just ending, it's bad. Um Next semester is a little bit better. I've got I've got a monday Wednesday class at noon that's in person and then a friday class that's at the same time in person. Uh So that'll be nice to be able to you know get going around campus again at least a little bit okay Because they have limited in person class sizes to like no more than 20 people. Um masks are required everywhere on campus. Uh Unless you're in your dorm room basically, it's not that bad.
Okay. Yeah I mean it's a it's a little annoying sometimes but like at least this is going to normalize wearing masks what we're sick.
Yeah like I haven't I haven't shaved since like the start of quarantine and it's because I'm just wearing a mask so I don't really need to care what my face looks like.
Yeah, I'm actually like not like a weird way, but like I'm happy about the whole mask thing because at least that's like a good outcome down the line.
Yeah, like you're sick, you wear a mask, it protects other people and you can still go out and do stuff.
it's really funny seeing like people try to walk into the store and they've got the mask just like hanging down here. Like man, that's that's really helping there bud. But I don't know like this, this most recent election has also helped show people's character. Uh we've seen that like exodus of people leaving facebook to go to parlor or whatever it's called.
It's
if
we parlor is basically facebook but for like hardcore trump supporters.
So they're like, oh, facebook is censoring our freedom of speech and then they leave facebook to go to another platform.
Yeah. Facebook is pretty lenient overall.
Yeah. But this election has been a shit show. Yeah.
I also heard a, I saw an article that it's about a rumor that trump is going to announce his candidacy as soon as biden is officially declared the winner of the election. Once all the contests are over.
What I mean? The man had covid he's not in good health overall.
There's
a crack in the next four years. So yeah. I don't know. It's the radical radical right needs to not have a figurehead anymore. Is the problem? Yeah.
What?
What,
No.
What?
Because it was it was it was less about the policy and more about the fact that trump was the leader of the Republican Party, I had to follow him or they get ostracized by the rest of the party?
No.
Yeah. I mean like I remember when I thought Romney was like an awful thing, I was like oh my God mitt Romney as president of the United States
would be pretty and then now, oh my God, I wish mitt Romney was the president
of
the United
four
years.
Yeah, I mean we went from the first black president to probably the most conservative president we've ever had in history. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. And like you could make an argument that Ronald Reagan was unqualified for presidency but like, oh man, at least he acted like he was a president.
Oh yeah. If people say I want to be like trump when I grew up, that that scares me. Yeah.
Yeah. I had to do a term paper where basically I selected three different states and would write like a campaign strategy about how to get elected in those states. Either as the biden campaign or the trump campaign. And I had to write about the oil industries and a couple difference and how biden's environmental plan is going to affect that. And then literally the next day I woke up from my monster and like induced haze after writing that paper and I see facebook post from some of my mom's high school friends complaining about how trump are now, biden being elected is going to kill the oil industry. Like I mean like I feel bad that you guys are going to lose your jobs, but like I'm kind of happy that, you know, six generations down the line, they're still going to be a planet.
If you were to put biden on an objective political compass, he's not even on the left wing,
you're basically a centrist mike. I mean a lot of his policies are a little bit further left and that's because like the younger generations are pushing him further left. Yeah, I don't know that that's something that I've noticed. Have you, have you noticed that the right wing typically tends to focus on like very short term issues? Like they think of everything not not 15, 20 years down the line, they think of everything Next four years all the time. And then
and then the at least for the younger people in the Democratic Party, they seem to espouse ideas about long term things, but like they're like, we need, you know, radical change right now. But then they They refused to back candidates that are slightly more left than the last one because they're like, they're not liberal enough, but they don't they don't take like the baby steps because you just suddenly shift from super conservative to super liberal. You have to you have to down the line. Yeah.
It's interesting to think about,
the Senate Senate is a slight Republican majority right now, I think.
there's the
spectrum,
Alright. There's a special well to see and then there's the original.
And
because the the the independence typically caucus with the democrats, So it would be a pretty much a 5050 split, which would still which would end up giving democrats tiebreaker because of the vice president. No, but it depends it depends on what happens with those Georgia, Senate seats. And because if if those both stay Republican, I think, I think it'll be
50. Yeah.
I
mean,
Georgia put it overall for biden. It's possible
what's nice though is that if you look at, if you look at past elections in Georgia and other states with special elections and run offs, uh Democrats are usually really, really good about showing up two special elections. Uh, so that's how that's how we flipped some, some house seats last time, uh, was special elections to fill house seats and they would flip from Republican to democrat.
Right,
Yeah, but I mean, well, we'll see because when, when do the special elections happen? That's like,
slightly january.
wow. Yeah. Oh no. I feel like they'd be a little nerve wracking to go into the presidency not knowing the state
of the
center.
Oh yeah, they're gonna, the RNC and the DNC are going to be spending a shit ton of money in Georgia for the next month.
Yeah. Because of if we could, even if the democrats could even flip one of those seats.
Yeah. Like I when I saw that Suzanne Collins won her race, I was like, you know, at least she didn't lose to another Republican because she had a she had a pretty good challenge for for the Republican primaries.
Yeah. I mean it's basically my job like on election Day I woke up, sat down on my computer, turned on my tv and then put on CNN and watch the election results all day long.
Yeah, I knew I knew that biden was going to start with initial leads and pretty much every state because democrats are more likely to vote through either mail in ballots or early voting. Um So I knew that he was going to start with an initial lead in all the states and then it was going to swing Republican and then
I was
like, the arts are probably going to swing it back, democrat, which is what happened in most of those states. Like when I saw the north Carolina was like really tight, I was like, there's no way there's no way north Carolina too. Yeah.
Oh it was so funny seeing him sitting there with all the people behind him without the masks on.
Did you did you see those videos of people outside polling centres praying for them to stop the vote?
Yeah. I thought it was really funny. I don't Uh there was one of the, one of the lawsuits that Trump uh is over 50 ballots.
It's literally it's literally about 50 ballots is one of those lawsuits Because there were about 50 ballots that were turned in after the deadline. They were like, oh you know, don't count those ballots where we went. But like Yeah, I feel like George is the only state that 50 ballots could change the election result in.
they are they are desperately holding on to the idea that he can win.
Yeah. I mean he spent like four months trashing on mail in voting and then
he's trying mail in voting is fraud when we when we went and that's how he's
trying
to win the Yeah.
Yeah. The mailer never heard anything. I think I think that was like an actual thought out plan because like that's that's actually pretty smart, right?
I mean but right now like those three lawsuits that you put out, I'm pretty sure that's just him throwing anything against the wall and seeing what will stick.
No. Well here's the thing, even if those challenges do proceed, if even if even one of those challenges gets thrown out, I don't think there's a way that he could possibly do it because the states that he did the challenges in, even if biden lost one of those states because of the challenge and kept the other two, I'm pretty sure none of them have enough votes. Like, like Arizona is not gonna election results.
Pennsylvania,
pennsylvania
is the largest swing state next to florida. Like we got 20 electoral votes. But even if I lost that, it would still put him at like 2 80 something, Like I think you'd be at 286. And even if he lost Arizona too, that would only take a electoral votes.
Yeah, I mean they're desperate, they're trying to win. Yes, but been a crazy four years.
Oh yeah, the all the elections in the democratic primaries was a shit show. Again, There's a reason it's so hard for everyone to unite behind one Democrats because it's always a shit show.
probably not because there would have been a lot of really moderate democrats that wouldn't have voted for Sanders and then people are people like O'Rourke and Andrew Yang,
I
have
if Andrew, See that's the thing is I really actually like Andrew Yang, like he seems like a genuinely good person and he's got some good policy. I feel like, I feel like Yang is going to the cabinet
because
because he doesn't have a job right now. Um Neither does O'Rourke because your work ended up not getting his house seat back after running for Senate. Mhm. So he doesn't have a job right now. So like there's a lot of the democrats that we're running in that election that I feel like I might be able to get a cabinet spot because like we need people like Elizabeth Warren in the Senate more than we do in the cabinet because I don't I feel like they wouldn't even want to risk the potential of the seat flipping in a special election.
Like Warren would
inflict
though.
Yeah. Yeah I mean it really depends on how things shake out but like I'm not exactly happy with some of his transition teams.
Like his
work
yeah his department of justice transition team. I mean yeah they're all lawyers. Um Most of them are big corporate lawyers though which is I was like I thought you were going to bring on more people about police reform and shit like that. But
I'm
really interested to see who's going on the E. P. A. But I know that there's a lot of the Obama administration officials that are getting asked to come back. Um Maybe not like you know former department heads or anything like that but the ones that were under them are definitely coming back to fill those higher level positions.
Because I think I think the one that that's filling a oh man no no I don't remember. There was there was one that was like well like one of the FBI department heads is coming to fill one of the roles in the department of justice I think. Mhm. So I mean he's made decent picks so far. I'm interested to see what his cabinet's gonna look like. Uh huh. Because that's going to be really important over the next four years. Mhm.
Uh, my timer just hit 30, actually. Mm I think we'd be safe to
call. Mm hmm. It was nice talking to you, man.
Yeah. So good luck with the switch.
Oh, she's got degrees baby. Let's go. All
right. Is there a man I spoke to me?