Hello?
Not much. What's up with you? Yeah can you hear me? All right?
Yeah you sound good.
Stupid.
I'm just telling what are you
doing?
okay where are you playing?
Okay uh like the
refill?
Yeah ok yeah I
think I played
that one I think.
Yeah I started I started one for me.
Um I just bought a Nintendo switch. Uh Yeah
so I've been like funding
like games and stuff with my prolific money.
Night.
that's cool. Yeah.
Um Right now I have I got super
smashed.
Have the delegate. Um I got like the online subscription and that's all I got right now.
has been
fun like old classics.
hope they like reduce
the prices when black friday comes around. I'm like saving up for that.
Yeah that's a good deal I think.
Yeah I was at walmart yesterday
and I saw like Luigi's mansion was like half off so I might get that. I don't know if it's good though
Yeah they're pretty solid.
Yeah it's fine
enjoy it.
Yeah. So I don't know that like right now I'm pretty busy so I feel like that game is just like a real like time. I think so.
Yeah, me too. Are you in college right now?
Okay me as well.
I'm biochemistry.
What are you studying?
That's cool. I really yeah. I don't know. I like I like watch a whole bunch of politics and like
analysis like on my free time. I feel like there'd be a fun thing to do.
Okay. Yeah, that'd be cool.
Yeah, definitely a good plan.
Um I'm probably going to go into grad school um and hopefully get a PhD and either like teach and do research or like maybe like work like for a pharmaceutical company or something. That's like my plan right now.
Do you mind if I ask what university you go to?
And like what city is that in?
No
um I got a George attack.
No I play I play I play piano like but I never did band. I started in middle school but I just didn't really like it that much and I ran across country feel like and I did quiz bowl like in the fall so I didn't really have much time for bands. I don't want to bend friends though.
Uh Yeah I bet. What what do you play?
Okay that's cool
all night.
Um My parents made me like take a lesson like Really like 10 years ago maybe like 10:12 and like I I'd like that I was pretty good at it. Um And I just see I just kept taking him. Um.
Yeah. Yeah. My sleep schedule is really messed up right now. You go out much pandemic wise.
Do you have like any in person classes or are they all online?
Yeah. I I watched a lot of recordings. I like some minor like eight a.m. And like now that I don't have to go to classes, I can just, I just sleep through them like almost all the time.
I mean, yeah, same here I think.
Yeah, I don't I don't it's getting cold here as well so like it seems to be warm and like much used to burn map so I don't really care.
It doesn't matter.
Yeah. It's good hygiene.
Yeah. Yeah. My only problem is that people who like absolutely refused to wear one. But like now you gotta now you know who's like the inconsiderate people are but easy to spot them now.
No I
facebook has been too much I
like
and
dang and like facebook isn't even that good at like censoring like the hard, hard right. Like I feel like they're pretty lenient
like they just usually like filter out that are like things that are live. Yeah.
it was I don't think trump hasn't conceded yet, has he? Yeah.
For 2024. What? I really I hope he dies before then to be honest.
Yeah he's pretty
old.
like trump is like taken like the, I would say that normally
like like moderate right? And like move
them all radical like there's very little like middle of the road conservative now like
in like
public figure.
Yeah. He's so good at like making like people like ruining careers like he's very hard to go again like you either like if you're not at trump's like if you go against trump like your political
career is like over like when mitt Romney like voted to impeach him, he like remember he got attacked like the like the next day at like whatever prayer breakfast and like he's probably not going to go anywhere. Like we'll be lucky to like stay where he is right now.
Since
I
know.
It's crazy.
It's crazy how
everything shifted.
like that. Yeah, I mean perhaps the most unqualified as well.
Yeah, I mean Yeah, I mean you're supposed to be the first citizen. Like Ronald Reagan was like a nice guy and like when kids looked in television or in television, they wanted to be like him but like he's like trump has not said a good um good model.
that is scary.
Yeah, they're still gonna be generation six generations down the line like and like I don't, I don't know people like on the Outrider like treating it as if he's like a Bernie Sanders, like it was like a very, very moderate democrat like I don't know.
Yeah, I know he's like dead center I would say.
I don't know if I thought of that.
I don't know.
Yeah, I'm afraid that like biden's a lot of his legislation that's going to get past is going to be like really like moderate and like perhaps like right leaning just because there's going to be so many like because I mean senate may be controlled by republicans.
Yeah, I think because right now there's two, there's two run offs in Georgia that
I
think.
Yes. And they're both on run offs right now. So I mean, I think, I don't think they're going to flip honestly, but if they did, I think it Would it lead to a 5050 split if our
county independence as Yeah.
that's
Yeah. I think one might flip, but I don't I don't know about the other one to be honest. I
don't
know. But
I know. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. I don't know. I'm kind of worried about Georgia. I don't think many like runoff seats have ever flipped Democratic in Georgia for Senate. And like Yeah, and like I think the election results were sent, it was like 30%. Um
like like they were like 60% split between Republicans and then like the democratic had like like 30 something percent and then like an independent. So like I feel like the majority of votes were for like split republicans. So
Uh in january I believe for ours. Yeah.
Yeah. I think, yeah, I think biden will be like indoctrinated then
who
has
control of them? Yeah. It's up to one state. I feel like there's gonna be a lot of ads over the next month.
Yeah. It's going to be something
that would leave. That would be pretty good because yeah, That would just lead to like one um stray republican needing for like most legislation. And that happens sometimes. I think I feel like Susan Collins is somewhat moderate. I feel like she's flipped in a few few cases. So.
Really? I wasn't watching this.
Yeah, I was watching that as well and like oh I was like there was I was trying to like see if I could watch it like without getting sleep because I was hopeful like that biden was going to get a pretty big lead and then I'd be like okay like everyone like pennsylvania and like maybe like Arizona or one of the southern states and it would be like over but like obviously like that did not happen. So it was a long long time watching CNN that week.
Swing
back.
Did you see that like On election night that Trump press conference he made at like 2:00 AM? You remember that? That was like that was disgusting.
Uh Like all all these white people just like cheering for like basically like his idea of like a dictatorship, they're like
I saw the open and I saw people like in Arizona like like yelling at them to count the votes, which is like really ironic
how much.
Yeah. Yeah I think they're doing a recount right now, but I think I feel like trump just trying to stir up his base and like I don't know, I'm just trying to get them to like riot.
Yeah or at least that there was like fraud that was going on like that like they can lie to themselves and be like we won this for real.
know.
I
don't know.
I mean like I don't know if he's like smart like if he knew like that or it was just like dumb and just like throwing everything against the wall. Like I wonder like how well thought his plan was ahead because like he got it right like.
was like a well thought plan for somebody who like will not or couldn't may lose. Yeah.
yeah, I don't think anything will change. I'm kind of curious to see if he's going to have to get dragged out come like january.
No,
if he has a little vain I think pennsylvania is like the biggest one on the
let.
Yeah. I don't know what they're trying to do. Just yeah.
it has and especially this past year it's been rough.
Mhm. Then we choose like yeah I mean joe biden I don't know I mean like do you think anybody else in the primaries would have been able to beat trump?
I don't think
Andrew
yang would have gotten anything.
Yeah. Okay. I think so. I feel
like yeah, I feel like you couldn't really get present. Yeah.
Yeah That's scary.
An
area.
Yeah. I mean that's still a big risk.
No, I haven't
been
intense.
Yeah. I need to I need to look for his like his EPA
guys and I need to I need to check into that.
No.
I think our time's up. I think it's been 20 has been 25 minutes on your account.
$15
you as well.
Yeah. Good luck with your college stuff. Yeah. All that stuff.
Fear around,