Hi good,
how are you?
Yeah, I've done that before,
this will be the third.
That's it. I'm
I have my name's Christa, I have twins who are 12. Um I work in cybersecurity and I live in pennsylvania so
I say it's a different role though on the other side,
lady who used to work with, she has that holds out of Tracy California but she's her guess families from like Oregon area and she said it's it's like crossing the borders man, it's just a different planet.
It's I
try when I have to go it's for work and it has since covid happened that you know everything's
been
kinda
and it's it's a joint, you know from here to there is the entire day if you're
like you never get back
um So where I am, where I live out of they don't um there's no direct suit to go out of. Usually either like charlotte Philly um Chicago Detroit and it's like to ops usually to get anywhere which is kind of a pain but you know it is what it is.
Yeah, I mean there's still my drive to which is nice. It's not so bad when you can you know, go there but you know when it's 3000 miles away, that's not an option.
It's a good question because it's kind of funny. That's not something I'm usually um
no I'm just kind of even as a kid, I don't even know, probably like the Backstreet Boys are in sync like back in the 90s,
it's all like they
go, you know what in the school years because
give
Yeah, that's an interesting. Yeah. Did you play sports in high school?
Yeah, the whole whole
thing
back um This will sound bad. Probably a phone only because I have to do a lot of calls for work and calls for my kids for appointments and you know, keeping your life on a phone, which sounds terrible, but it's
it is reality. It absolutely is because without it, I'm I'm not sure what I would do. Like if you said like I've left my phone and I was on my way to work and I was like, you know what, they'll just have to call my desk phone because I didn't have time to turn around and go back. It seems weird because you like go out and look for and it's not there and you're like, oh yeah, because you left it out.
it is and it's and that's right, but you think I am I going to but then when you think about your like, you know what, it really is not a big deal. You listen to the radio on the way back or you know, you do something like make you do something, you know, like it's not the end of the world, you know, and if you're, if there's something that urgent, you typically know you're expecting that call or that you know, that's gonna be in the forefront of your mind and obviously, I mean when that happened it happens, it's usually never the case. So,
you know, and I have a computer for work and then I have one at home, but it's also helping my kids do cyber school, so I got to go through their lessons and make a check their calendar. How do we have any quizzes, tests, you know,
coming
up,
okay, look through there, you know, look through what they like, the work they've done to make sure that it wasn't done in a hurry and with, because I mean it's all great. And I said, I don't, you know, stupid mistakes kind of stuff, you know, that it's crazy to lose points for stuff. My son is autistic and sometimes it's just like you have to remind him read the sentence because the structure are small to large or large to small. You have to do it in the order that they tell you to because it's wrong.
Do they do?
It's schooling our kids in school in Oregon. Are you guys at
home?
I think it's different every, I mean, the, the one lady I talked to, her kids were split and then the other lady, she's in college. But it was interesting because here it's so different even from district to district summer, like the district we reside in is in five days a week, which I had a problem with. So I chose not to. Um, and I pulled my kids out so you know, put them in a cyber
school, which is a separate entity from the district.
They are, they both are, yeah. They, what happened, I don't, you know, and I think everybody's had a similar scenario. What happened in the spring was a train wreck being nice. They didn't, they didn't have any school and it was, my husband and I were playing quasi teaching sort of with what little stuff we got.
And you know, my more of my daughter was like, well my friends aren't, they didn't even because, you know, we live in a lower part of the district, lower income, the district can't afford to subsidize thousands of people's internet. Obviously that would, so, you know, they just basically gave them credit for whatever they did
the first three marking periods and I made her do the work. I'm like, you need something to do, number one, you're not you're not going anywhere. So it's like you need, you need to have some routine to your day
and
no, and that's what that was part of it was like, it's just reading and doing some basic stuff, isn't rocket science
and
well, and that's and that was kind of, I said, you can't sit and play, yeah, it's fine to play online with your friends, but you can't play online with him all day every day and not do something productive. I said, if I have to work and so does your dad, why does that excuse you? Well, I don't know,
it doesn't. I said,
I guess that's how I would raise my dad's much older and very, I I am very flexible and pretty on a lot of stuff. But when it comes to an education, I think, um and I have to balance because I realized that my son is autistic and my daughter has a PhD. So there are some things they can't do and I get that, but not trying at all isn't an excuse either.
Absolutely.
Well, exactly. And even if it's doing basic work, doing some work sheet of multiplication, I'm like, how does that hurt? You doesn't,
you know,
Absolutely.
And
and then we'll get into trouble and they don't fight because they're not your occupied, you're doing something instead of doing nothing and that gives you room to fight because, you know, issues and they were pretty good. We got through it initially, it was hard, but it it definitely once a month or two past. And, you know, I've been working from home for the most part since february, so, and I don't see that changing anytime soon, so
And uh
that's
that has
its,
It
uh it's, you know, that's the tough part. I know my kids will remember this. It's not like, you know, my nephews for, he won't, you know this, but it's, I said it's some for some people it's a defining, you know, I have a friend, his son's a senior and I feel so bad.
and he's
lost and he lost his, his school, he won, they'd won some special trip to Disney like this fall because they did some singing thing that he was in like last year. And of course that's all. Which sucks because
yeah. And that's, and you know, he said even and he's like, well what do we do? And even my friends that his son is like, you know, they're looking at colleges, but he's like, well what do I do? Because I graduate saying june hypothetically this will all be over, maybe no guarantee.
So it's like, what do you do? Do you go through that process And apply, or do you do online for a year and then look at it come, when you know, hopefully the worst of this has passed, because it's like, you spend all that money and I don't, personally, I said, I wouldn't take on student loan debt to pay to a fancy
school
if you could just do it at home. I said, that's insane. I work a part time job and some of the girls there over the summer go to like go to Sunni new york and some of these schools, and I'm like, why are you throwing all this money at the school when you're going online? and they're not reducing your tuition? Yeah,
you're not paying room and board, but that's insane,
add
all
things
and
with actually making more because you're not, if you think about it, they don't have the overhead, you're
not
in the
buildings that Oh yeah,
it, nope, none of that stuff. I mean all the facilities like to clean the snow, they don't have to do any of that. I was just, I was
just like
I said, if it
were me,
I
know, and that's and I even said like the one girl goes to a special school for theater, which okay, I wish you the best, but that's probably not the sharpest solution when what are you gonna come out and do? Because that's that's the tough part, you know, is as somebody who, you know, who's you want to, you want people to pursue their dream, but you also have to be realistic and going to school that costs you know, an arm and a leg ear makes no sense.
I
if not more, I mean if my brother in law went to Drexel,
look, my my brother in law went to Drexel, which is a private university in philadelphia for architecture. Now he makes good money and they live in north Carolina but his his student loans were 70 k plus and he paid, He took him 10 years to finish him. He paid like he worked and paid that whole time just to try to keep it down. But you know, the problem is when you're at that kind of a school you can only get private loans, that's it. Most public institutions won't fund you that much money.
So
and my sister in law was telling me like, she's like, she's like was some of his public one. She's like were deferred that you're sick so we can pay more on the private like while, you know, they were deferred because of covid, you know, until january I said I would if if he gets extra money from jobs, I try to kill whatever you can. I said that's a ton of money for
and
it's not, I mean obviously, you know, it's and he, you know, being an architect, they make good money, its feet for famine.
It's a similar scenario like he said, you know, there happened to be in an area of north Carolina that's booming. But is that always going to be the case? Probably not
well. And that's and he's even said that he said some jobs. Um he is the guy that does painting for him and does some stuff like does some of the work for him. and he actually had they just bought a house, had him help him to work on his house just to help him because because he was completely unemployed Because he's self employed 100% and he said I need some painting done and some other stuff and he's like hey would you come do it? And the guy's like yeah he said at least gave him something because he doesn't his kids live between them and their mom but still you know he said I said if you can help someone I said to give you a lot of credit. I said that's I said it's tough. I said that's it isn't easy and I said it I don't know the right answer. I said it's it's you know it's a very contentious you know I'll be happy when these two weeks are over like move on. Like it's just it's becoming crazy
and all consuming for many people.
I
don't blame you. It's like it's adjusting life and that's
Probably those shoes that have like the wheels in them, if you
know what I mean? Like they're like the Helis
or something.
Yeah, but you still seeing a lot of schools I know banned them because I think they're kind of dangerous because there's some kids that
don't pay it how fast they're going and like slam into somebody
right well or any even out because it's like you could be in a crowd, you could be in a mall and knock somebody over a little kid who doesn't see you, you know? And I was like, yeah, I don't think so.
Do
you think
I can't?
And
the
music
today
is not super great. The
the music today of today for the most part is not like the music of bygone eras
for
short.
Yeah, I'm in my 30s.
Oh absolutely, absolutely. So it's, I can appreciate both sides of the coin and my kids like laugh at like my parents have a landline still in their house and they think, you know, well, so the house my parents live in was the house my dad grew up in and and the one line is digital but the other one is actually pull styling and my kids thought that was the funniest thing. Like you click it and it like they're like, what's this? And I was like, well because it's the way the houses, they have to do a lot of work to rip it out and yes, you know that's awesome.
The flip.
Why
wouldn't we had one growing up, My dad was a pastor and the house had still had the black cord that from the belt like back. I mean that's,
yeah, well it was a very, I, I grew up in a really rural area, so it was, um, definitely an experience of course now they'd be like, how do you even make that work?
You
never
said anything over the phone that you didn't want other people know.
in the neighborhood. You
always have
the spies.
Um, when I was growing up, we would have been friends since we were three, we roomed together in college and uh, they live in this air, like they live in the area that I live in now. Her and her husband and
their two kids. So
well.
It's unusual.
It's still a long time. Yeah. It just happenstance. It was like I grew up, we grew up, we went to the same elementary, then I moved when I was in seventh grade and then her mom remarried and they moved as well the same year. And then um we ended up rooming together in college. So it was nice because you didn't have to go in and not know somebody. So that was that was a positive scenario in my book.
Okay. Not get the crazy people.
Mhm. Um Honestly we played outside a lot. Like we go around and just back when you could walk around town and not have to worry about crazy creepy people kidnapping when you know like now you can never do that. But we go, I mean we go like she lived um I lived on one end and she lived I don't know, probably a mile and a half into the into the town. Her mom and her and her in this little actually the oldest house in the town that was built before 1807. And it still had one of those claw foot tubs. Yeah,
So
it
was,
yeah. He was an old house and I brought my bike and it was never my parents never hesitated and I knew kind of when I had to be home, you know, and it was getting dark like I was, you know, how to watch my, you know, my my mom was a home health nurse, so she was gone sometimes at a moment's notice because she'd get a page back then there wasn't a call, it was a page.
So
it was just usually my dad and my sister for,
you know, and honestly, if I called from her office and he'd be like, because it was one less person he had to worry about. And my dad, he's like her
mom and her mom always made sure I had dinner and it was like she
care. My dad didn't care. It was like he just had to get
something for my sister. So it worked
out,
oh yeah, we grew up um and you know the teen party years, we were separated, I would go see her in the summer because it was hard just we are 2.5 hours apart with a distance with you know, being involved in stuff in school and her involved in stuff was difficult on a weekend. Um Just because until you can get there, it will be super late friday and you have to come home sunday and it just, I did a couple of times, but my parents were super keen on the distance all the time doing that. It was just a bit much. But yeah, I mean and her kids are her daughters older than her daughter's 8th 9th grade, ninth grade this year, eighth grade. She's nice she's in high school yeah and her youngest is only in first so but
six six the twins. So I have a boy and a girl there in 6th grade.
definitely.
And you
it is not you know it's it's and it genetically runs my father's a twin fraternal 20 so it
doesn't
definitely
oh it does that it without it wasn't a surprise put it this way when we kind of announced it, everybody was my husband's side of the family which has no relationship to obviously to that but his answer fraternal I'm sorry identical mirror image twins. So it's kind
of like we're all used to it, it's nothing new, they've all dealt with it you know you know
that
type?
that is a big family,
wow being, you know, it's funny my sister does genealogy and she sent for my great grandfather's birth certificate, he's from Pittsburgh. So, you know, Pittsburgh typically would have, you know, large city would have pretty good records. Well, they called her and said, hey, we found two more, and she was like, what do you mean there's two more, Well, he was a triplet and he was the only one that survived, and we didn't because my sister was like, what do you mean? There's two more people, like, what are you talking about? And
it
would, it was one of those, but when you think about the time period, it's not shocking because they didn't have the medical facilities to care for early births at that point in time. And I'm assuming it's a miracle that he survived, given
all things
well. And she said it was it may have been
birth in India. Huh?
I think so. Or they lived for a very short period of time because the birth certificate in different states have different rules about some issue for like um stillborn and some won't, but they had a birth certificate but it just had so I would or they only lived a few hours or you know, we had no idea, there was never any mention, there was no family. Like hey there might be we had no clue. So it was definitely something nobody talked about, you know that
you know, and
I'm sure it haunted you know this, you know, my great grandfather's another I would imagine probably for the rest of her life and
it was just you don't talk about back then. And it was just like my sister was like, she literally she thought are you sure you have the right person? Because she's like this doesn't make any sense like but it's not a common last name. So it's like the chances of that are slim to zero of it being somebody else with the same name. It wasn't like smith or something, you know, we're okay. Well maybe you cross reference and got the wrong person but no. Yeah it's it's it's interesting you you never know what's
what's
hiding
it
is
or.
Hey.
I think it depends on where your family is from. Um I don't personally have any, my sister's on it extensively. I actually don't ironically happening,
but money.
it depends on or you could be part of nobility, not necessarily a king or queen, but part of a like you know part of a show
class.
Exactly, exactly. So yeah, because she's but some countries have really good records and of course some don't and it depends on two when your family came, you know and what you're, you know what you're lucky to hit and know where they're from because some areas, yeah the records, especially
if they
were catholic
or certain things, you know, they have all kinds of stuff, it's just
It is and it's my, I've done the 23 and me and I've done um my grandfather um was um his name was Mcadams was his last name and he's which is Scottish but there's a legend that actually they had a special on BBC um in the UK about there was a legend that the Mcadams clan and the MacGregor clan um were related that there was some fallout that somebody basically left and changed their name. Um and there's a story behind it, but I don't remember the particulars, but they did DNA testing when my sister had done my grandfather's DNA about the year before he died thankfully. And we submitted it to this and we matched because there was characteristics they wouldn't consider unless you match. Like there was a naming pattern in the family and a couple other things and we matched at all. And she sent
it in
and
my sister made a friend of someone with the same last name in north Carolina where her family was not, which was really interesting because she said she met everything lined up. But maybe there was a different thought, something, you know, maybe somebody was illegitimate or something in her case, you know, who knows? But it it was very interesting. But yeah, it was a direct, he had a hit and it it uh and it kind of makes sense like when we look back through the family because my sister's gotten records in Ireland because they were actually from Scotland that went to Ireland and then she's found stuff like, you know my my mother's side is much more recent. Um so there's stuff is a lot easier to find because it's only in the 18th, early 18th century they came 19th century, 19th century. So it was after a lot of stuff. You know, some people have been here a long time. My husband's
family has been here okay,
I don't know civil pre pre Revolutionary War, you know his it's interesting and yeah
and my sister finally it's a she has, you know the thing that is, I guess it's the ancestry software, but it tells you how many people. Um and my mom and dad, she finally found a cousin of commonality between which they're from different. And and we thought well because I mean completely different backgrounds and my mother is from the UK like 19, most of her from the U. K. A little bit of Swedish. And then my dad's mostly german my great my great great grandparents were um from he's from I guess from philosophical which is part of um was part of Alsace, which is part of in between France and Germany. So when they came um like I might be and I knew it would be super high like without question and it was so but you know there's stuff that pops up and you're like what's the eastern european and therefore why did that come
from,
because we still don't know that And that's it. It's enough that like
my
head,
I get the blood test.
Yeah. And it
it
it was neat because there's some family that um we were trying to find and we found it was like my great great grandfather died at Andersonville during the civil war. And you can you um there's a whole story behind it but basically him and his wife had four kids. She was disowned. Her family was extremely well to do in England. He wasn't they married, they left um He died, she went back to England with the four kids, my my direct descendants, the oldest child. Um They came back because her parents basically bought her return ticket and said we want nothing to do with you. Which is horrifying. So she came they came back again and she died within a month And then the oldest one was never adopted, the younger the next three were placed for adoption because he was 16, so at that point No one's gonna adopt a 16 year old
at that point in time. So. But yeah we found um To of we found two of the 3 um lines but there's this line in Arkansas and what we can't explain it and I said that's the only thing that we can think of is that somehow it was a girl is that somehow is her family that but she wouldn't have known because she was only like two or three when when this all happened so they probably never told her most likely. So it was that was part of the reason of doing is my sister was trying to find and we found the one thing the next youngest oldest brother had a very unusual name so it was very they even had pictures so we were that was a quick quick match and then we found the other one a year or two ago, so
which was kind of neat. So
good.
Absolutely. I wish you the best. I hope hope things continue
to turn around and and
have
good
rest of
the wing.