I need to tell you
Blue.
Uh you know my first time I just know I sat around and wait five minutes and like I mean I celebrate 20 minutes. I have nothing better to do. No show. Yeah.
I was playing video games all waiting so it wasn't that bad but
I was
still
looking
for dark souls three. I hate myself
that much.
Hello?
I am Castile. Nice
to meet you as well. Yes.
Um if my light suddenly goes dark because my cat standing around idiots and you might see her just kind of see that tail of that shadow.
Talking to random strangers on the internet.
we're science.
Uh Pretty much anything like I play a game so that I can do something in my hands while I work on other stuff you know? So like I'll watch a movie and obviously they're playing like Dark Souls is a good one because I spend like three or four hours trying to take down a single boss. So it's,
I suck
at the game.
Um Smite, sometimes legal legend is mostly because I prefer top down more. Let's see
it.
Honestly, it's don't play League of Legends. It's
a horrible came to play hunt percent.
So you see, I don't play legal lessons, I'm addicted to it. Yeah. Um
then I also do much of story game, so that's usually like in the middle of night when I'm done with everything, I'm trying to get through chrono trigger finally. Now. What?
Oh it came to
having
Mhm I want to
Have
you played breath of the wild?
I
am
always going back to that game. Even if like
I've beaten it, I've like almost 100% of it. I haven't gotten all the little seeds though because it was a horrible but yeah, I know,
I
keep on going back. Uh I recently got into some speed running, Washington, speed running and been trying their speed running tricks like making you can shoot yourself across the map using bombs. And that's yeah, that's when I came in trying
to do, which is
horribly
but
I've been meaning
to though uh get a new account and try to replay from scratch. But I haven't been to yet because I don't know, I'm sleazy,
you
know?
No, I'm horrible with that. I will replay the game over and over again like and I have all these other games like I need to get to these games, but then I'll go back and replay with my old games just for the sake of it. Like
I said,
a lot of what I do is just keep my hands busy so that while I'm watching a video or thinking about other things, I'm not having to sit there like this. Mm
I've been meaning to persona Four. I played
percent
of five
on the PC emulator because I don't have a PS four or PS three. And I've been saying the same thing Persona four. I
was gonna say in the same vein of keep my hands busy. I've trained my cat to jump up and sit
right in front of me on my keyboard. Because
whenever
she does that, I just start petting her absent mindedly snap. She knows if she comes anywhere near this area, she'll get pets. Like I'm even doing it right now. I didn't mean to
Talk talks all the time. 100
super chatty. Um Especially the album starts complaining that if you pick her up, she hates that. But sometimes,
no, I'm not. I just like having a nice mike.
No I I really really okay. So I remember when I was younger playing games, all the people who sound like they're talking into a garbage can with the mic on the other side. And I hate that so much. So I got this because it's way better sound quality and then usually I pump it through a
pre
processing
system. Yeah but right now I'm not coming into anything. My webcam though I am because
this webcam does not work unless it's going through something else.
But I can do fun things like uh this is my right here.
But yeah I can throw up random pictures as well. But yeah I don't have any good pictures. I
don't think
I
am. Yes, you. Ooh fun texas.
Yeah.
we do. Yes.
Yes I've lived in austin texas and then Austin texas and finally Austin texas. I moved around a lot.
It's not bad. I mean I usually don't actually go out if it was up to me,
I'd be in this tiny little room. I should be fine like that. But
I've been doing all these studies on prolific and they're like, do you order more online or less in line because of the Covid? And I'm like, covid has not affect me in any way, shape or form. I was already living this life before everyone else joined
me.
purification is like 50% for me is some easy cash but the other 50% more like 60% is 100% doing like fun studies and other things like that.
What?
There's
a few of
them
that allow
you to opt in and say, hey I want to talk about this, but that requires sending them an email to your account. I'm like how do I do this? Um but you know this was this whole study was also like the reason why I felt babbling stood up was not because I wasn't getting paid, but because I wanted to do this, it sounds interesting
time.
Talking extremely, that's half the reason I've been thinking about getting into streaming is 1% talking to random people on the Internet because I'm up at all hours of the night. So when I saw, when
I play
video
games
online a lot of times
is staying there and there's like three different languages and chat and I'm saying like ok, I know those are asian languages because I've studied a little bit of those, but what's that right there, that looks like an asian language african interesting.
I think most of times like most people use english because I am
playing on north american servers but.
I used to log on to the U. S. Service as well but I'm usually usually mostly north american now. Um Ramos succeeds.
huh. I see. Yeah. I actually don't play like I play all these games that have competitive size but I do not touch the competitive at all. I do not like playing competitive like in Rainbow Six, I'd like to go sledge and run around people with a hammer that's all. Yeah in Rainbow succeeds I can say. Um there are west America whatever they're called servers and I met some people playing online there and I joined
their discord and then I discovered that pretty much everyone I've been playing with on that game for the past few months have been from that discord because they've been recruiting
of people. So like pretty much every like the whole population of the Southwestern radio 60 server is on this discord. And it's because I'm really hard to play in the middle of night without hopping on the discord just to get a few games out because I'll run to someone like, oh, hey, help me with that with us. Sounds like
It's
right. It's going to say this is definitely a time for being online playing games like that. Thanks
bro.
No.
Right. That's what happens to a lot of people, like my world hasn't changed at all. I'm 100% perfectly fine living in a tiny little box, but
it
is
very interesting to see. It includes people's perspective switch from, you know I want to be home all the time which is actually our home all the time. Can I go somewhere anyone please?
Mhm. I was gonna ask what did you do before you quit because
that's cool
fun.
Super fun.
That
that
sounds
like super encapsulating like 100% anyone's dream sit there and the same thing over and over again.
What are you studying?
Ooh fun.
Yes and extra engineering. All the engineers are good. I've been thinking of looking into a couple of trades but I just
Ooh
that
can
the
school
thing. Bye.
Yeah I'm looking into welding metal fabrication and underwater welding
but still
I'm like too much work, I'm gonna be a little bit lazy from the book of the year so you know.
what I'm doing right now, there's a lot of writing and other creative work like that and it's,
I don't know how to describe it, it's definitely fun, It's something I could see myself doing, but at the same time it's in today's market is not something you can make a career out of without a lot of trying
like going back to the whole streamer thing if I were to start streaming and I would get nowhere because it's just so saturated and things like that.
100%.
And then for me, I also not everyone's a ninja. Uh yeah, whenever it's on top of that, I think about his, you have to get mad when he was a game statement, which is anti it took us as to what I think, which is all this fun. If you're not having fun, laughing your ass off then you shouldn't be playing the game.
Yeah, I can't do competitive, most excited to protect my teammates because like I said, I will goof off the whole time. I will do things that are just completely stupid and out there on the off 1%
chance that something really, really funny happens. I
was
it
God Madeline smite. Remember some one of the battle arena games? I built full tank on it, on a healer, Just completely tank and I couldn't kill people. I couldn't deal damage, but full tank and I was just walking in and out the enemy team over and over again because I could and
things like that. We probably lost the game,
but
all
Oh yes, I do.
yep,
Thanks.
self
sustained. Yeah, it's super fun. But if you bring that degrade people, kind of get real angry, I'm like, okay, I'll just, I'll
go
back to
slash mute all is my favorite command in any game.
20
I'm
young. Right, see that's what
you're back. You may
see it
there,
Yes, I'm in the living room so I can't do that. Yeah,
it looks like it does seem very interesting at the same time. It's also like that's the same describe it.
Is that that health insurance place got super
and
great.
Why? Somebody can move up there doing more much. You just love that light. I swear if I turn this light on, she'll ignore it and like 15 minutes and she'll sit right up against it. I think she actually
heat.
Mhm But when I'm trying to use it to see my face, if she she's I love this cat so much. She's a wonderful cat and brings nothing but joy in my life and it's totally not annoying. She was the thing, if I close the door and I'm on the other side, she will sit there and me out the door over and over again, calling underneath it, trying to get in until you let
her in,
and then
when you
if they're not locked and closed, Yes, you can. Absolutely. But
then when you let her in, she kind of sits there for a little bit and it goes, I don't wanna do this and leaves.
Yeah, if the door's like kind of open and she knows exactly how to get, push it open it, but if it's closed, she thinks every door is pulled open, so she goes underneath the proposal at the door and lift up and tries to pull it towards her. Um
When I first got her, I put her food in my closet and
my class, one of those like accordion doors and within the first stage, figured out how to open those doors and how to open the bag of food and get into it. And
Because I did such a good job of making no teaching her how to open doors, any cabinet, anything like that, she can open 1% of time closed doors, guess if it doesn't latch, she will open the door. Yeah.
That's the thing about it, it's really cute is if we go outside there's this like big black guy spouting the door and she'll walk up and start meeting scratching like what are you doing out there? Get back in those things out there and she gets so upset if you go outside. Hey.
One day while it is raining at
some point during the day, we don't know when our cat found her way outside onto the balcony. She was sitting on the table staring out of the rain. Everyone's well looking at her shoulder and yelling out the window over and over again. Very concerned. She only got that far to the balcony door. We have no idea when or how she got out the backdoor probably open all day long, but she she did not move from that spot. It's like she got to the spot
and then
just froze and we had to pick her up and carry her back in.
Mm hmm. And being very perturbed by it.
Let's see
if
I
do that. Do you see that right there at the bottom right hand corner.
Not as I wonder here, I can just do this. Give me a second. Let me grab you
bottom left. Yes, that the
spotted.
Yeah, she's a Dalmatian german, shepherd, crossbreed, we think.
sorry,
my TVs in the way.
No.
All
then.
Yeah, she is the most happiest, most excited dog ever, and loves pets. And her tail is always like this just straight up in a wagging, like
always.
See
I
that's the thing. I'm surprised how still has to because she always banks it against Tabled legs and there's a guitar we have on the stand and where one small just here as she walks by it wagging your tail. It
is amazing best.
we'll
see.
We'll see. She walks up to any person who is going to help me. You're gonna pick me, you're putting me and
we live in an apartment complex and she knows a couple of like, the maintenance workers show if she sees them, she runs right over them and start to get that
there.
Yeah, I'm not so she feels that the dogs like half the time she was like I want to play with them, but the second is too close, she's like start barking and fight time, it might
just
be beast
aggression, but Yeah, there's a dog like across the way, 100% wants to play with it, no matter what though,
sorry, I don't
get snow here ever and I
up to me I moved to some place that's like almost always covered in snow, like the very tip of Alaska are very typical Qaeda, you know, things like that, but mm
I
want to know too much.
I
can imagine, yeah, that's the one thing black caissons driving a snow, but like if I never
dry
Yeah, it's
me,
this is
a one bedroom, one bath apartment that is 1000 and $200 plus utilities
and we're not
even
in downtown one in the north suburbs of boston.
well I'm luckily luckily looking at the way the world's moving, maybe start telecommuting now.
the few people I know in the financial positions of companies always say, you know with all this telecommuting, we're starting to realize that this saves us a lot of money, we have to pay for releases for buildings and things like that.
and it's surprisingly
when people have nothing
to do and works right there in their home place, they work a lot more like a lot more.
one of the first places I worked was target and there was a day I remember fondly and I came in and they had like four or five men call outs and I came in the morning and I'm like, well how long do you need people to be here for? Like, we don't know like I can stand up closing and they look at me like I was crazy, But
I
would say I was like 10 hours overtime that week. But yeah, they did not let me stay on the closing unfortunately, but they definitely stay like shift and a half, almost double
actually.
That's that's the issue that why I don't like working because I know I will work myself to death. It will become my whole life and it's not something I think is healthier good,
which is why I'm trying fair like stuff to balance that out with.
Seriously?
they
do
it.
Mhm. Yeah, I actually had a buddy I knew online he worked in a mill and
the way it would work. Uh Yeah, I'm not sure exactly what they were making, but it was like whole like factory town Like to talk about was like, are you from like the 1960s,
He was talking about his whole town is all factory workers, it was like one factory that they all go to. But what he does essentially is he works for shifts one week, five shifts next week and that does not work for the rest of the month, Sometimes
the next two months.
Yeah exactly. But yeah he says he gets paid extremely well. He has a buddy though who works on a ship, a ship line, like a greek shipper. And he talked about how that buddy works maybe two months out of the year and it doesn't work for the rest of the time. However for those two months it's pretty much 24 hour shifts for the full month. Doing
read
the paper
like I kind of understand doing that at the same time, That's too much working a small period of time for me.
Thank
you.
Yeah, so the best thing underwater welding, there's a specific subsection which is where you are deep sea diving like so you go down to like 20,000 ft something you're saying like that it takes you like a day or three to get down there, you stay there for like a week and then you come back up, you're only
allowed
to do
that
three times a year.
It's about $120,000 on minimum for one of those jobs.
Super dangerous. Super competitive and you can only do it three times a year because of health concerns and
it
just
seems
really interesting. I have never died before but that
whole
that just seems super duper interesting to me because essentially they're making their body adjust
to being in a place that they can't get out of for a very long time and
it's crazy but it sounds amazing, it's like
spank
down
or the
yeah, I've been looking at those, I had the option in high school to take a bunch of welding stuff but I decided against it because I was being lazy and got my, so I first went to a private school that required you to follow a very
strict spectrum. Then I went to a public school and into the public school. If I started out public school I could have been done to high school in two or three years. But since I went to the private school I could not and eventually got to the point where I'm like, yeah, I'm doing time out.
I cannot do academia. I'm just done with it. Maybe in a couple of years I'll change. But I love learning 100%. Just not schools.
Yeah. So they get through it.
For once a real person. Yeah.
Yes. You too.