Hi, well, can you hear me?
Yeah. Did you get stood up like the past two times? I have the first time I didn't
it kind of sucks. I know. I was just like, well, I could wait a little longer, but I really don't want to. So
already.
What
you're
playing?
jeez,
Good for you. I just got off playing tonight with my friends, so thanks. So, I'm Jenelle. Nice
to meet you.
Castile.
Oh, that's a cool name.
that's fine. So All right.
I know.
What other games do you play?
christ.
I
don't do uh Dark souls or blood borne or anything like that. It's too intense for me.
I don't like it. I can't, I tried legal legends once when I was like 17. I was just like, I couldn't get over the clicking
so
it's
very toxic. So.
Yeah.
So no, I have a switch and have a PS four.
but
I mostly play a lot of Pokemon shield, uh Animal crossing. Oh you have one too sweet now let's see what else. A Hollow Knight? Um
I don't know, I have a whole bunch Mario party, all the really basic Nintendo
games.
Yes I have completed it,
loved it.
It's an amazing game
I can't. Mhm.
the
caracas.
That's
that's
the only
thing I go back to do is actually just like making myself fly sail all that kind of stuff.
But now
no that's okay, that's good, you can replay games once I finish the game, I can never touch it again. So that's why
I kind
of like playing a lot of moba smite and stuff. So now over watch
good for
you.
I do that half the time I've on so many games like I bought Yakuza and uh shoot Kingdom hearts three and Persona for and I still haven't even touched any of them
here.
It's
good.
Damn
what?
That's
adorable.
That's so cute though. My cat will just come in here. She's very vocal. She doesn't meal for food or anything or uh for other random stuff. She only males to be pet.
It's
So are you a streamer? Because I say that you have,
Yeah, I was gonna say better mike when it's not attached. Yeah.
it's going to say
you
sound clear.
then,
interesting.
your head. Oh that is cool, wow.
It's
What part of the are you in the United States,
I'm guessing.
girls, texas, Everybody is from texas. Um a couple
of people that I've met online are a lot of them are from texas. Well again they have a huge population, so not like California.
No, I've I was like I lived in san Diego and then Chesapeake Virginia, then I moved up here about three years ago.
do you like it there?
that's right.
Mm I'm kind of stuck like that because of quarantine and plus yeah, and I'm like, well there's nothing to do.
pretty
much was I quit, my job ended january because I'm going to full time school now and then everybody started working from home at the moment, I quit my job and I'm just like, are you kidding me? So now I'm just bored here every day and then I finally like, well I want to do something fun. Someone told me about prolific and I'm just like, that sounds like that sounds pretty cool, so
isn't it? There's so many so much cool stuff on here and I'm just like, wow, that sounds awesome. I wish
they would send the results to us, you know,
after
every
thanks,
don,
yeah, I guess you stood up twice, but the first time that I was on, it was pretty cool that somebody who has like getting their doctor, it's up in Portland
and I was like, oh, that's awesome. I love meeting people from all over the world, so it's pretty cool.
That
would
be
perfect.
What,
Really? I've never seen anyone from, you know, from anywhere in africa, I will be honest, talking online, so
english,
that's true. Still, sometimes I switch around my servers depending on who I'm playing with because I got some friends, uh, you know, up in the UK around there. Yeah,
no, I don't do. Okay, so Rainbow Six Siege, I love like um, competitive online, everything. Fantastic. I cannot do realistic games. I don't like it. I don't like the guard my wife right now is playing the last of us two and I refuse to watch it like
Who?
that's awesome.
Yeah. Well, that's awesome though. I love it when people do that. So, I mean most of my friends are online right now because I can't
go anywhere. So
I haven't
like, I don't know because for the past two years I actually had to get a job actually to work and go outside. I would love to have a stay at home job all the time because I love being home. I have dogs. Great, fantastic. But now that I'm finally home, I'm just like, oh well now I
kind of want to do stuff outside.
I
used
to be like that, so,
Well now I started playing Pokemon, go around my small inky dink town. So
I worked at
insurance
to process
health claims. Yeah. Not
fun at
all.
It is.
just look at it, make sure everybody filled everything out correctly, send it back to doctors or the roof, they didn't and then get angry letters, read them and tell them, hey, yeah, you still didn't fill this out correctly. You can spell it out for people. People still won't, it's not the most exciting job. But no, I'm excited to be back at school. So
electrical engineering.
When I was straight out of high school, I went to go study it and then I was like, I don't want to do this. And then I quit And I just kind of like, you know, started working and moving around and having fun and now I'm just like, well I like money so you know, and time off,
do it. I was gonna say my wife just graduated from a paramedic firefighter
academy school
thing, she got her
degree and then went
to
the
so 100% recommend, like something like that, it's pretty fun. I know a couple of electrician so
oh, that's awesome though,
I
I got you all, it depends if you want to do something with your hands or not, it's hard to find something in between mm
oh, that's cool, mm
yep, it's hard, very hard.
I thought about it and I was just like, it would have to be something like you do for fun, you
know, not everyone's a ninja.
that's how I feel too, I don't really like, I love competitive but I don't get toxic, I'm just like oh we lost, you know? Doesn't really matter, it's a game. Mhm.
no,
Well
it's still
fun though,
that's
What?
No,
is it? Do you know Sylvanus from spain
or? Yeah, so I just want a D. C. On him and I was just uh
you know, ring a pack a day, you know, hastened uh whatever. It's not a tallis anymore, hastened ring or something like that.
But yeah it was really fun and plus with you like maxed out heels, it's crazy. I like doing stupid
stuff like that.
They can
just
mute a few
No, well how old are you?
Oh you're 20, you're young, I'm
24,
I'm not so much older than, you know.
How
are you kidding? Yeah,
I see the tail. I locked my dogs and cat out. So
yeah, you should definitely like, I don't know, get into a trade. I recommend that.
Well, if you do, I think Austin texas has a hub for United Health. If you're ever looking for like an okay paying job that gives, you know, like a month off time, month off, it's pretty nice. United Health is always hiring.
that's it.
It's
not, I mean if you want something where you can move up without really doing much, that's the place. I always recommend it. 100%.
It's
wrapping warm. Yeah.
open
it. Yes.
Can't
she open the doors?
Whole way drive.
Our cat has broken three of our locks. It's it's kind of an old house. Yeah, it's their old locks, you have to replace them. But she's broken like three of them just by constantly pushing like at night. She will get so mad if we don't open our door, she'll constantly push pot it, she'll eventually get into it so we just keep everything open now.
Got all available.
Well
congrats,
single time she'll know what's behind there, she just wants everything open. Yeah.
we are cat right away once and uh we used to live trap to get her which worked, you know got her the next day but now she refuses to go outside, she gets scared and runs back in.
Oof.
that's
like
oh but that's so cute though, she didn't go anywhere, she was just watching the rain
all I love cats, they're amazing. I have two dogs. I love one dog the other dog. Yeah, definitely not my dog,
he's
too much
to handle.
No. Mata.
Uh huh. Yeah. Bottom left.
Oh, that's a Dalmatian. Oh my goodness, I've
never I've only ever seen a Dalmatian once in my life.
Are you sure she looks beautiful? Oh
my
I have um they're out there with my wife. Um but I have Aussie black lab mix, she's really cute. Um Unfortunately one of her ears goes up, the other one goes down because she damaged one of the nerves in it. And she was a puppy and her tail curls really adorable. The other dog is half springer spaniel, half a yellow lab looks like he's been electrocuted
so
and he has
freckles on his feet, it's really cute, he's a red color. So
I
can't do it. That's why I love the little Aussie lab mix. She's, I don't, I don't like the tail wagging in my face all the time and
it knocks
over stuff and
the store.
Oh that's so cute though. I love dogs. I'm a sucker. Every time I see a dog on the sidewalk I'm like oh my God,
I can't
go touch you but I love you.
Oh that's awesome.
Oh my goodness, I I'm a little jealous. Um One dog loves humans, right, best amazing thing ever hates other dogs. The other
dog hates humans, loves other dogs so it's constantly like chaotic over here.
I
feel
that.
Oh that's cute though. Everything. I don't know, I love my dogs. I wish I could just morph them until one dog with like the best part of both personalities. One wants to cuddle all the time. It will lay on you in ways like £70.. The other one doesn't want to do any of that. She's very princesses. She she refuses to go potty outside if it's raining or if it's too wet from the snow and everything. So. Yeah.
No
I'm jell o I like the snow. I love it when it's cold. The only thing I don't like a snow blowing our driveway. We have a pretty long driveway. So. Yeah.
well
man
I I love the snow. I like going out and stepping in the snow and playing but I don't know it's I live 30 minutes away from the city so I constantly have to go up there and it's not very fun to drive in
so.
that's why
I want it move to the city. We got we got the house down here. It's like a small town of 3000 because it was like super cheap and it came with all appliances and everything. It was way cheaper than renting. We rented in the city would have been like 12 to $1500 for like we got a whole house with a two car garage and everything for only 77,000
And
we only pay like 500 a month.
So
jesus christ, jesus christ
like
what?
Oh my god that's that's the one thing I miss, like I love Virginia beach and I love san Diego but it was so expensive and I, the best part about being appears really I can get any job that's very well paying without you know a degree or anything so.
I know I've been seeing so many jobs about telecommuting, I thought what amazon was hiring my work now is going all my old work, I'm still mad about that, I'm just like this is what I wanted and it happened a month after I left, I should've just waited. Yeah,
yep, that's exactly what happened with
my company.
What,
Oh, I'm a sucker for working. I had two jobs last year as a waitress saying, you know my normal job Because I like working overtime, I like the extra cash and you know going on vacation and stuff and I'm just like, I'll happily work 50-60 hours a week, signed me up. Mhm.
Right, and I'm just
like,
that's
nice. I don't know, I love working, but I cannot spend like spending time at home a little bit more.
No.
Yeah, I think that's why my wife, she hates working by the way, but she loves, she is very passionate about firefighting. So she, with firefighter, you work only like 9-12 days a month, if even,
Yep, hour shifts, So
she
only
works 2-3 days a week, so she only works like less than a third of the year.
What?
Well we have mills over here like paper mills and wheat mills
that's awesome,
reminds me of truck driving.
I know a ton of
people like
that.
I know it's I I wish I would love to have a job like that. Are there so many people that I know who were construction and they only work like
half
the year and then the rest of the year snow so they'll sit there. Um And they'll just make it, they'll make their like their full salary during that whole like summer spring period. I'm just like what the hell? I wish I was strong enough for that kind of a weekly.
Well
that sounds
like
fun.
That's awesome that I know um a couple of people making $120,000 a year. Just from underwater welding.
jesus christ.
Well do
you
like
diving?
you
should get your driver's license.
What?
All
you
should take an intro
class, intro
welder class.
Well
I feel that especially after high school I wanted to do something else and my parents are like you should go to university. I'm just like I don't want to I'm burnt out. I started like last year all ap classes and I'm just like I'm tired.
What's really helped me was take like a 1-2 classes a semester. Of course it's going to take twice as long but it's a lot easier to manage a lot.
So. Yeah. Well it was nice talking to you.
All right well I hope you have a great rest of your life.