SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah of course. Uh huh. Good. Oh. Mhm. Okay. Oh thank you, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah that from them. Yeah. But yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: And let's see here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah hi there you are. What's going on
SPEAKER_R: Not much,
SPEAKER_L: do another day? Did you get any kind of information about the like we're supposed to talk about or anything or is this just free uh free discussion?
SPEAKER_R: it's just a free discussion. Um I've done this a couple times before and we just kind of talk about this, whatever comes to mind. I think
SPEAKER_L: that's what's up. So where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from Chicago right now, I'm living in Northwest indiana, right on the border of Chicago.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I forgot heard of that place before. I never been there.
SPEAKER_R: it's uh interesting what the weather can change. Like we have nice summers, but then we have cold winters. Um
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: They can get really cold in the winter.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like I'm from the south, like we don't we don't get that around here, like
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: honestly
SPEAKER_R: warning.
SPEAKER_L: it snows that's pretty weird like it snowed like a few years in a row, like you know like once or twice, you know it's not like once or twice a few years in a row down here and that was wacky man.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My uh yeah, my dad used to fly for a Delta and he would tell me that like they when it snowed in Atlanta, they would screw up for like Mhm. For like a month for like a week, there was no one knew how to drive
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. No no but no one knows how to drive in the snow down here for sure.
SPEAKER_R: and then like I've been to Vegas when it rains and then no one knows how to drive when it rains in Vegas. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Uh You saw Vegas in the rain? That's, that's pretty bizarre right there honestly, you know, truthfully, I didn't know, I didn't know reigned in Vegas
SPEAKER_R: great. Like occasional
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: range and that no one knows how to drive. And then like the flights are delayed because the plane because the people can't get hotels in time. And
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: think we took a vacation there for like a week or actually just the trip out there and like it rained every day and then like all the flights were delayed because because it rained. Mhm. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so that, that's what's up. Yeah. Yeah, I've never been that far west. Honestly, the further west I've ever been with Montana, it was like the western side of Montana. This, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I've been to I've been to L. A. Yeah, I've actually been to Hawaii like when I was younger, I used to take trips out to Hawaii.
SPEAKER_L: that's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but it's like this the weather is out there the same every day and it gets really kind of I guess people that move out there don't like it because the weather is the same every single day.
SPEAKER_L: Like all year round basically because it's an equatorial climate, so you don't really get like the winter summer thing. Yeah, it was
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: monsoon
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: season, The dry season.
SPEAKER_R: so the cab driver we had, it took us back to the airport said he moved out here because I thought would be fun and then you just got tired of the same weather every day. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: mean, I don't know, it's not, it's not that different around here from day to day either. Honestly. I mean like there's winter in their summer, but like a lot of the time, like, because I mean I live right next to the ocean, so what it does is it does a couple of things to the weather for one thing. Um It's incredibly chaotic, like normally, or like when I was living further inland or whatever, um you know, like, like if it says, you know, there's 100% chance of rain, like you're gonna get rained on, you know, down here um like like right next to the ocean, it's it's a toss up, man. Like, you know, like, you could say 0% chance of rain, but you know, you're getting rained on in the afternoon, you get a thunderstorm or it could say the other way around, like we're, you know, it's going to rain today and you don't see anything like even even like the temperature, like it'll say like, oh, it's going to be in the upper eighties today, and then it barely is like in the seventies, you know, it's just so chaotic. It's a boundary, you know what I mean? Like there's the boundary between what's going on in the ocean, what's going on? What's going on in the land? So that creates an element of chaos to our weather out here.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, since I lived near the lake that's always uh colder um because I'm so close to the lake, but the further inland you go it gets hotter, which is kind of interesting.
SPEAKER_L: that, that is the great lake to right. Like it's not just, yeah, that's a really big bottle of body of water in it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like when the winds are coming off that like it could be 20 to 20 degrees colder where I am versus uh like further away from, okay, like
SPEAKER_L: Doesn't make freeze in winter.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think it does, like the
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: middle of the lake doesn't freeze, but sometimes like the area closer to the lakeshore will freeze a little, but the most I've heard it doesn't freeze. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Right. So you grew up in Chicago or?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I grew up in the northern suburbs of Chicago. So uh if I moved from the northern suburbs, southern suburbs I guess.
SPEAKER_L: It's had a pretty long way, like an hour drive.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can take like to get to my parents office could take like 2.5 hours sometimes, depending on how bad traffic is. It's only
SPEAKER_L: and they
SPEAKER_R: 40
SPEAKER_L: were both
SPEAKER_R: miles.
SPEAKER_L: considered suburbs. The suburbs of Chicago though. So
SPEAKER_R: I actually
SPEAKER_L: out.
SPEAKER_R: had to drive all the way through downtown to get to where they live. And that can sometimes take a while because you never know because well I guess every hour rush hour, I've noticed that now.
SPEAKER_L: It's downtown. Yeah. I tried, I mean like, honestly, like the big, like I live in north Carolina, the biggest city out here is charlotte and I'll stay away away from there because the traffic is so bad man. Like if you're trying to drive through there like the afternoon, just forget it. Highways backed up for miles. Oh
SPEAKER_R: out here and then there's like there's different rocks I can take like um I can take the toy or take like short drive, but they could always be backed up to because everyone else is looking for an alternate route to take. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's getting worse around here. Like I live in a very small city. It's, it's only like maybe half a million people. And you know, I don't think, I don't think it's more than that. And you say, you know, there's like only there's only like three or four like main roads that everybody takes. So you know like those main roads will get congested. Like if you, if you know where you're going, you can kind of dodge it because a lot of it's like tourists and students and then this year with the covid and everything, it's kind of um, there's just a lot less people around here. Like there are still a bunch of tourists, like, especially downtown sometimes, but it's not like, it's not like it was last year, for example.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I haven't been downtown and I used to like do group projects downtown or some like focus group stuff. I haven't been downtown since january, I think. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I've still been working downtown every day like at least I guess past week. I haven't, but I've been working downtown a lot this summer and they're still like, like they block the streets off so you know, the restaurants can move their tables outside. So then like everybody will have like seated dining like out on the sidewalk and everything. Now there's like a lot of people there. Last time I went was like maybe the weekend, it was like a week ago, yesterday maybe. And there were there were a whole bunch of people. It's almost like a festival or something. They were just like a million people downtown the other weekend.
SPEAKER_R: We used to have what's up this year. We have a big thing and where I live called Pierogi fest. But they had to cancel it
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: is?
SPEAKER_R: of uh because so many people come out to the town, they were worried about spreading covid.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Is it, is it parodies like the dumpling parodies or? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: They have, they have a big festival where I live every
SPEAKER_L: 16.
SPEAKER_R: july and then everyone takes the parking spots near where I live because I only have street parking. So then I'll go to work and come back and you know, parking. So I got a part far away and move my car at night when
SPEAKER_L: That they can do.
SPEAKER_R: when the when a drug when people leave. That's always fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like I've actually gotten to travel a little bit this year, even despite the covid, like I went down to the Francis Marion forest and uh, in south Carolina in charleston. And I mean, that was just a really, really great experience. Like I love the woods man. Like I love just going out and being, being in nature, you know? And I'm like, there's no reason that I can't do that. You know, Like I'm not exposing any wheels to myself. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I used to go to air shells, but they were all canceled this summer. So I haven't been to any. I watch I think I watched a cop one and that was online. They were doing like a live stream. So I watched that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's not the same though.
SPEAKER_R: No. What? But it's not the same. But I can see why they canceled because you don't want 200,000 people. However will probably not that much but like 60,000 people in a small area.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I know. Like, you know, it will hopefully be better next year once everybody who's the most vulnerable can just get vaccinated and we can kind of let go back to doing stuff as a group. Yeah. I mean, we're honestly, we're really lucky in this state because I mean, I'm in north Carolina, it's a very purple state and our governor has been really awesome. And like basically uh you know not uh not cave to the pressure of trying to open up before it's safe to do. So like he's like, you know, like we had like masks mandatory inside, like bars have been closed, like all that good stuff, you know? And I mean you can see it because there's like neighboring states where they haven't been following the health restrictions and their covid levels are way higher than ours, you know what I mean? So you can literally see where like our government, following the recommendations of the scientists has made us less sick as a result, you know, as a community
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: and you know, I think that's the thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My governor has caved to the pressure and I, we had a record number of cases yesterday, which is actually goes back because cases the reporter probably from touch from a couple days ago. So there's always a lag between the numbers that they report and how many people are positive.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean I I hopefully like there's more tests now and it's not as bad, like I haven't been keeping up with it as much for the past couple of months as I was in the beginning, like in the beginning I was like reading the news about
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: it every day, like when there wasn't enough there weren't enough masks and gloves for everybody and uh you know, like there weren't enough tests like at all. And like hopefully now it's better than that and we have enough tests and PPE and everything, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think
SPEAKER_L: Because I mean we still really don't know like what it's gonna do. Like is there going to be a huge spike once it starts getting colder like, you know, with the common cold coronavirus is, you know, we just don't know yet what's going to happen
SPEAKER_R: That's what I heard. It's probably a well because people are gonna be stuck inside so they're not going to have to, they're gonna, he was gonna be more spreading. And then uh at
SPEAKER_L: home.
SPEAKER_R: work like no one wears a mask where work, but then I'll see them like at Walgreens are wearing a mask, so I don't know why. I think
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: it's okay not to wear a mask at work, but then
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: all through the
SPEAKER_L: my workplace mask wearing is really pretty lax, like it's not the worst, but I mean and it's like the supervisors to like our supervisors are the worst about just not wearing a mask all day. You know what I mean? And it's like because like you guys are supposed to be setting a good example, you're the ones who are like sitting there reading the printout speeches like oh it's important to protect everybody against covid. And I mean like yeah, I work at the post office right? Like I'm a letter carrier, so I'll be going in and out of businesses all day like handing them their mail and I will always wear a mask if I'm going inside somebody's business whether they've got like a sign up or not, like if I'm going inside somewhere, you know what I mean? Because like it's just it's just being like respectful and you know like just taking like the basic level of precaution where some people just like don't have that level of like, I mean I think like for one thing it's like, like just not understanding
SPEAKER_R: Standing.
SPEAKER_L: that that has been there to protect other people from you more than it is to protect you. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Yeah, I well,
SPEAKER_L: Ahh
SPEAKER_R: I guess because I think because there's space apart, but then I see the long groups, so I I don't I don't know, I just work in um because I worked in an office and I work like by myself, I sometimes don't wear the mask, but if I'm going to go talk to other people, I'll put the mask on.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean like, you know, if you're if you're keeping social distance and like your business and like your building's ventilation is also like another weird factor that I've read about where it's like if you're building well ventilated and you're supposed to be a lot better off. I mean, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know you, but then I'll go to like walmart and see people wearing a mask, like like a chin strap. I've seen that a lot, or just wearing it under their nose. It's always like that. It's not a game
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: that plays
SPEAKER_L: won't
SPEAKER_R: who's not wearing a mask properly. At wal pit walmart or whatever Walgreens or even there is a science is like masks are mandatory
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: because I see people walking
SPEAKER_L: angle
SPEAKER_R: in without wearing a mask.
SPEAKER_L: like truthfully for a while here at all our walmart, you had to walk right past somebody who, you know like was there sitting out front trying to make sure that everybody walked in with a mask. I mean, they weren't doing that anymore. They stopped.
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: Well, thank you.
SPEAKER_R: at least in mind the one that's closest to my apartment, they have someone outside, but I don't know if they're they're enforcing it. Um I think they're just they're just counting the number of people are going in. We used to keep track of the number of people going in and I think they've stopped that because they used to limit the amount of people in the store and they and then they closed one exits, you can go in through one exit. Been having both exits are open now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They do that in a lot of stories. I don't like I mean, I guess it might be to help them count the number of people. That's the only thing that I can think of. Like the reason why that would be maybe.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's the only thing I can think of what I did that and then one of the grocery stores and like also also go too near my apartment was like that they were limited amount of people and not enough. Well
SPEAKER_L: Yet trader joe's does that there's a really big line outside of there all the time. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I don't have any trader joe's in northwest indiana and I have to go to the Chicago or Illinois. Everyone go to trader joe's.
SPEAKER_L: it's a wonderful place. And I mean, you get that like, people would let go way out of their way because they like, they have such interesting food there. You know what I mean? It's like all the stuff you can only get there if you want that thing. So.
SPEAKER_R: I remember I used to buy when I was doing this traveling job, used to buy like certain snacks for to take on the plane because they only added a trader joe's.
SPEAKER_L: What was your traveling job
SPEAKER_R: Um I went to like different Albertsons throughout the country installing all their front end equipment. So like the checkout or the cat.
SPEAKER_L: like the pOS machines?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know what they were doing an upgrade. So we would show up like at five o'clock at night unpack the new stuff, then have to go replace everything, um take everything out and then spent all night putting new stuff in.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Like a like exist in the network administration, basically.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Someone was in charge of that. But we were just like the workers doing the lanes.
SPEAKER_L: Natural.
SPEAKER_R: No and I work for a manufacturing company and just like their I. T. Guy in sight and I do all the computer equipment. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I'm a programmer. Like I'm actually uh like in the process of trying to like move my career from like, because I'm just doing like menial work right now, delivering the mail basically. So like, I mean I've been applying for different times actually have like I wrote open source software and like I did like, like various like school projects and I have like an internship that was code based, I actually have some experience and actually like code. It's really intuitive to me, like I'm good at writing code. Um So you know, like hopefully I can start doing something better with my time because that's what I get.
SPEAKER_R: But the program in college I didn't really like it that much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like, you know, there's you either like it or you don't, I really feel like that's the truth and then a lot of people don't like it, but they do it anyway because, you know, they can because it's like a good job or whatever. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: I just like the home like network administration stuff and that aspect.
SPEAKER_L: totally. Yeah. Yeah, I'm not I'm not I'm not just can't on that aspect of it. Just just because like, like I like using like, like software that I want to use if that makes it easy, like I've got limits. Like I I don't I don't own a copy of Windows, I haven't used Windows in like 10 years or
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: like everything from came out anyway. So you know, like it would like make, I wouldn't want to work with Windows all day if I was upgrading somebody else's uh somebody else's network. You know what I mean? Like that wouldn't bother me like having to troubleshoot that everything like
SPEAKER_R: that's what I have to do every day at work. I don't know how people break their computers but somehow they break them and it's a small company and there's like 10 people. And every day there's someone that somehow we'll do something on her computer. We're like the printer stop working. So I had to spend I thought it was something I forgot what it was. I ended up figuring I was a network cable that was there had gotten loose or something so I gotta go fix that.
SPEAKER_L: hey, keeps you busy there.
SPEAKER_R: And then we have some are kicks here on product we use that was there before I got there and then we have no support. Yeah it's integrated with Quickbooks but then Quickbooks keeps having new versions and I want to upgrade because I don't know if it's going to work with the new with the Crm product
SPEAKER_L: It will.
SPEAKER_R: or using so but we're paying
SPEAKER_L: upgrade like, you might get some new features, but you're also like really running that risk of everything just breaking when you're on the update. Yeah. No.
SPEAKER_R: then we're paying a fortune for Quickbooks because we did we were part of that like somehow they got part of the upgrade yearly upgrade and every every october we get the bill and keep showing of the foo like do you want to upgrade? And he's like yeah we upgraded. Then I test it and I don't know if it works or not. So I'm trying to explain to people I want to because then they see the do over the new features of Quickbooks. I'm trying to explain them all, we need to test it, but then they don't want to test it, they just want to install it and I'm like I don't want to screw apart. Um Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You don't want to break everything and then essentially will be responsible for picking up the pieces and trying to clean it all up again. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh But anything is, it's on a virtual machine so like I can build a separate virtual machine to test it before I go, before we go into like a live version. That's why I tried to do last year. I went okay.
SPEAKER_L: but you still didn't upgrade
SPEAKER_R: No, I don't upgrade because no one no one really wanted tested to make sure fully worked. Like we started and then they just gave up and I was like, I can't force them to test it.
SPEAKER_L: right? And if you don't have somebody who's telling you like okay I've used this for what I need to do with my job and it works then you're not just gonna drop it on everybody like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I had to go upgrade everyone's computer. A new version of quickbooks, which would would have been nightmare. We'll probably not. But I just want to be in pain.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean like do you have like a do you have like a basic uh like image that like say they like break their computer and rep you know like delete C slash system 32 somehow or whatever, that you can just flash their computer like give them a new one and then they still have their files over on another partition somewhere like is that how you do it?
SPEAKER_R: uh because everyone has a different computer. I can't do it like that. All right. Because what what
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: makes
SPEAKER_R: happen
SPEAKER_L: it difficult,
SPEAKER_R: is is that this company,
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: Is that the
SPEAKER_L: makes
SPEAKER_R: computer
SPEAKER_L: it difficult.
SPEAKER_R: break? We buy one computer, another one who breaks and buy another computer. It wasn't like we all box, they used to have like, five computer, six computers all the same. But
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: we weren't going to go and spend three grand and six computers. We have to buy one at a time. I think that Windows has a wily style, I think did research the Windows as a way. You can actually do it now in different hardware, but I never bothered to like go through the process of creating images. Okay. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: it's something that's probably gonna be a pain to do
SPEAKER_L: yeah no kidding.
SPEAKER_R: to learn it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I don't know just how I organize my own personal computer is I try to put everything that's like something that like I downloaded or I created that goes on a separate hard drive from all the stuff that's like because I mean honestly something I use Arch Lennox which like Arch Lennox, I don't know if you know what that is but it's basically a distribution of Lennox that use it is basically tries to keep everything as updated as they can so as a result of that like a lot of the time when I just do a system update, it'll just break stuff you know like and then like I have to like go in it troubles you and figure out like what's wrong like what you know like what isn't set up correctly for this new version of the software over you know? So I feel your pain on that one. Just like and then like I only have one set of hardware to deal with, wow. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Uh Yeah my desktops running Windows but yeah this laptop using strong Windows. Uh I haven't done anything that crazy with it. I did steal a product key from working. I didn't steal it. We were cycling computers and came with Windows 10 Pro got a Windows seven Pro key so I took the key because it's like we
SPEAKER_L: Hey,
SPEAKER_R: only
SPEAKER_L: only
SPEAKER_R: have deep, I'm just gonna put it on my computer. So upgraded my computer to Pro using the key. Have a job on this one yet doing my old laptop that started break and get too slow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like honestly like it was like it was Windows and like I got a laptop with Windows 10 on it and I had like experimented with Lennox before but it was like the first version of Windows or it was it might even Windows Eight to be honest with you because it was the one where it was based on Windows phone because it wasn't like seven were based on Windows and t was like Windows eight or 10 or something that I think it was Windows eight, honestly I think Windows 10 was another laptop later on. But it was like based on Windows Phone. And I'm like
SPEAKER_R: Are you
SPEAKER_L: it didn't even have a desktop, like it had like an app screen up front and I'm just like I just I didn't go and like flash the hard drive with a bunch of rednecks because like I'm just, you know, not even not even trying to mess with that and then like they fixed that like in Windows 8.1, like you got your desktop back and everything, but I was already gone and then Windows 10 is basically Spyware, you know, like it literally just sends so much information about what you do on your computer to the Microsoft servers that late. I don't even I'm not even comfortable using Windows tend to be honest. Like I mean like if it's somebody else's computer. Sure. But like on my own personal computer like I don't like you know sending all that like everything like if you hit the start button and then type something in the search bar at least by default on Windows 10, that information gets uploaded to the Microsoft server. And I'm like for real like no way dude, like that's that's so inappropriate for an operating system to upload that much information about the way you use your computer in my opinion. I mean that's why I don't use it.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Never heard
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: that. Yeah. Upwards on your data.
SPEAKER_L: Uh That's what I mean like I don't even think, I think like Windows 10 basic I think just download that because they're making money selling your personal information. They don't need to pay for their operating system.
SPEAKER_R: Well they're like google they that are selling our information. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I use like a duck duck go instead of google the search. So I guess my default so it's actually on that browser. On my phone to duck Duck Go browser. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think it was mainly Corona on my phone, but I probably should look in a different browser,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean chrome. Chrome is like I like Chrome on the phone
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: better than I like chrome on the computer lately. I mean they're all right. Like I have chrome on my phone and my computer. Like actually I'm using chromium for I'm using chrome for this conversation because it didn't they didn't load properly on my prophecy browser. He knows. Uh Yeah. For what? It's worth
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It works. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Two. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Well I reckon that's her 25 minutes. It was nice talking to you man.
SPEAKER_R: nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: good. It's good chat.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's nice chat.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. You haven't blessed your day. Alright,
SPEAKER_R: Me
SPEAKER_L: enjoying
SPEAKER_R: too. You too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yes.