Okay. Yeah of course. Uh huh. Good. Oh. Mhm. Okay. Oh thank you, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah that from them. Yeah. But yeah. Okay.
Yeah hi there you are. What's going on
do another day? Did you get any kind of information about the like we're supposed to talk about or anything or is this just free uh free discussion?
that's what's up. So where are you from?
Okay. I forgot heard of that place before. I never been there.
mm.
Yeah like I'm from the south, like we don't we don't get that around here, like
honestly
it snows that's pretty weird like it snowed like a few years in a row, like you know like once or twice, you know it's not like once or twice a few years in a row down here and that was wacky man.
Yeah. Yeah. No no but no one knows how to drive in the snow down here for sure.
Uh You saw Vegas in the rain? That's, that's pretty bizarre right there honestly, you know, truthfully, I didn't know, I didn't know reigned in Vegas
and
I
don't
know.
Yeah, so that, that's what's up. Yeah. Yeah, I've never been that far west. Honestly, the further west I've ever been with Montana, it was like the western side of Montana. This, you know?
that's pretty cool.
Like all year round basically because it's an equatorial climate, so you don't really get like the winter summer thing. Yeah, it was
monsoon
season, The dry season.
mean, I don't know, it's not, it's not that different around here from day to day either. Honestly. I mean like there's winter in their summer, but like a lot of the time, like, because I mean I live right next to the ocean, so what it does is it does a couple of things to the weather for one thing. Um It's incredibly chaotic, like normally, or like when I was living further inland or whatever, um you know, like, like if it says, you know, there's 100% chance of rain, like you're gonna get rained on, you know, down here um like like right next to the ocean, it's it's a toss up, man. Like, you know, like, you could say 0% chance of rain, but you know, you're getting rained on in the afternoon, you get a thunderstorm or it could say the other way around, like we're, you know, it's going to rain today and you don't see anything like even even like the temperature, like it'll say like, oh, it's going to be in the upper eighties today, and then it barely is like in the seventies, you know, it's just so chaotic. It's a boundary, you know what I mean? Like there's the boundary between what's going on in the ocean, what's going on? What's going on in the land? So that creates an element of chaos to our weather out here.
that, that is the great lake to right. Like it's not just, yeah, that's a really big bottle of body of water in it.
Doesn't make freeze in winter.
No.
Right. So you grew up in Chicago or?
It's had a pretty long way, like an hour drive.
and they
were both
considered suburbs. The suburbs of Chicago though. So
out.
It's downtown. Yeah. I tried, I mean like, honestly, like the big, like I live in north Carolina, the biggest city out here is charlotte and I'll stay away away from there because the traffic is so bad man. Like if you're trying to drive through there like the afternoon, just forget it. Highways backed up for miles. Oh
Yeah, it's getting worse around here. Like I live in a very small city. It's, it's only like maybe half a million people. And you know, I don't think, I don't think it's more than that. And you say, you know, there's like only there's only like three or four like main roads that everybody takes. So you know like those main roads will get congested. Like if you, if you know where you're going, you can kind of dodge it because a lot of it's like tourists and students and then this year with the covid and everything, it's kind of um, there's just a lot less people around here. Like there are still a bunch of tourists, like, especially downtown sometimes, but it's not like, it's not like it was last year, for example.
Yeah. I mean I've still been working downtown every day like at least I guess past week. I haven't, but I've been working downtown a lot this summer and they're still like, like they block the streets off so you know, the restaurants can move their tables outside. So then like everybody will have like seated dining like out on the sidewalk and everything. Now there's like a lot of people there. Last time I went was like maybe the weekend, it was like a week ago, yesterday maybe. And there were there were a whole bunch of people. It's almost like a festival or something. They were just like a million people downtown the other weekend.
What
is?
Yes. Is it, is it parodies like the dumpling parodies or? Yeah.
16.
That they can do.
Yeah. Like I've actually gotten to travel a little bit this year, even despite the covid, like I went down to the Francis Marion forest and uh, in south Carolina in charleston. And I mean, that was just a really, really great experience. Like I love the woods man. Like I love just going out and being, being in nature, you know? And I'm like, there's no reason that I can't do that. You know, Like I'm not exposing any wheels to myself. Yeah.
It's not the same though.
Yeah. Yeah. I know. Like, you know, it will hopefully be better next year once everybody who's the most vulnerable can just get vaccinated and we can kind of let go back to doing stuff as a group. Yeah. I mean, we're honestly, we're really lucky in this state because I mean, I'm in north Carolina, it's a very purple state and our governor has been really awesome. And like basically uh you know not uh not cave to the pressure of trying to open up before it's safe to do. So like he's like, you know, like we had like masks mandatory inside, like bars have been closed, like all that good stuff, you know? And I mean you can see it because there's like neighboring states where they haven't been following the health restrictions and their covid levels are way higher than ours, you know what I mean? So you can literally see where like our government, following the recommendations of the scientists has made us less sick as a result, you know, as a community
and you know, I think that's the thing.
Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean I I hopefully like there's more tests now and it's not as bad, like I haven't been keeping up with it as much for the past couple of months as I was in the beginning, like in the beginning I was like reading the news about
it every day, like when there wasn't enough there weren't enough masks and gloves for everybody and uh you know, like there weren't enough tests like at all. And like hopefully now it's better than that and we have enough tests and PPE and everything, you know?
Because I mean we still really don't know like what it's gonna do. Like is there going to be a huge spike once it starts getting colder like, you know, with the common cold coronavirus is, you know, we just don't know yet what's going to happen
home.
man.
but
my workplace mask wearing is really pretty lax, like it's not the worst, but I mean and it's like the supervisors to like our supervisors are the worst about just not wearing a mask all day. You know what I mean? And it's like because like you guys are supposed to be setting a good example, you're the ones who are like sitting there reading the printout speeches like oh it's important to protect everybody against covid. And I mean like yeah, I work at the post office right? Like I'm a letter carrier, so I'll be going in and out of businesses all day like handing them their mail and I will always wear a mask if I'm going inside somebody's business whether they've got like a sign up or not, like if I'm going inside somewhere, you know what I mean? Because like it's just it's just being like respectful and you know like just taking like the basic level of precaution where some people just like don't have that level of like, I mean I think like for one thing it's like, like just not understanding
that that has been there to protect other people from you more than it is to protect you. I don't know.
Ahh
Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean like, you know, if you're if you're keeping social distance and like your business and like your building's ventilation is also like another weird factor that I've read about where it's like if you're building well ventilated and you're supposed to be a lot better off. I mean, I don't know.
It
won't
like
angle
like truthfully for a while here at all our walmart, you had to walk right past somebody who, you know like was there sitting out front trying to make sure that everybody walked in with a mask. I mean, they weren't doing that anymore. They stopped.
Well, thank you.
Yeah. They do that in a lot of stories. I don't like I mean, I guess it might be to help them count the number of people. That's the only thing that I can think of. Like the reason why that would be maybe.
Yet trader joe's does that there's a really big line outside of there all the time. Okay.
it's a wonderful place. And I mean, you get that like, people would let go way out of their way because they like, they have such interesting food there. You know what I mean? It's like all the stuff you can only get there if you want that thing. So.
What was your traveling job
like the pOS machines?
Mhm. Like a like exist in the network administration, basically.
Natural.
Yeah. I mean I'm a programmer. Like I'm actually uh like in the process of trying to like move my career from like, because I'm just doing like menial work right now, delivering the mail basically. So like, I mean I've been applying for different times actually have like I wrote open source software and like I did like, like various like school projects and I have like an internship that was code based, I actually have some experience and actually like code. It's really intuitive to me, like I'm good at writing code. Um So you know, like hopefully I can start doing something better with my time because that's what I get.
Yeah, like, you know, there's you either like it or you don't, I really feel like that's the truth and then a lot of people don't like it, but they do it anyway because, you know, they can because it's like a good job or whatever. Yes,
totally. Yeah. Yeah, I'm not I'm not I'm not just can't on that aspect of it. Just just because like, like I like using like, like software that I want to use if that makes it easy, like I've got limits. Like I I don't I don't own a copy of Windows, I haven't used Windows in like 10 years or
like everything from came out anyway. So you know, like it would like make, I wouldn't want to work with Windows all day if I was upgrading somebody else's uh somebody else's network. You know what I mean? Like that wouldn't bother me like having to troubleshoot that everything like
hey, keeps you busy there.
It will.
upgrade like, you might get some new features, but you're also like really running that risk of everything just breaking when you're on the update. Yeah. No.
You don't want to break everything and then essentially will be responsible for picking up the pieces and trying to clean it all up again. Yeah.
but you still didn't upgrade
right? And if you don't have somebody who's telling you like okay I've used this for what I need to do with my job and it works then you're not just gonna drop it on everybody like that.
Yeah. I mean like do you have like a do you have like a basic uh like image that like say they like break their computer and rep you know like delete C slash system 32 somehow or whatever, that you can just flash their computer like give them a new one and then they still have their files over on another partition somewhere like is that how you do it?
that
makes
it difficult,
that
makes
it difficult.
so.
I mean
yeah no kidding.
I mean I don't know just how I organize my own personal computer is I try to put everything that's like something that like I downloaded or I created that goes on a separate hard drive from all the stuff that's like because I mean honestly something I use Arch Lennox which like Arch Lennox, I don't know if you know what that is but it's basically a distribution of Lennox that use it is basically tries to keep everything as updated as they can so as a result of that like a lot of the time when I just do a system update, it'll just break stuff you know like and then like I have to like go in it troubles you and figure out like what's wrong like what you know like what isn't set up correctly for this new version of the software over you know? So I feel your pain on that one. Just like and then like I only have one set of hardware to deal with, wow. Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey,
only
Yeah. Like honestly like it was like it was Windows and like I got a laptop with Windows 10 on it and I had like experimented with Lennox before but it was like the first version of Windows or it was it might even Windows Eight to be honest with you because it was the one where it was based on Windows phone because it wasn't like seven were based on Windows and t was like Windows eight or 10 or something that I think it was Windows eight, honestly I think Windows 10 was another laptop later on. But it was like based on Windows Phone. And I'm like
it didn't even have a desktop, like it had like an app screen up front and I'm just like I just I didn't go and like flash the hard drive with a bunch of rednecks because like I'm just, you know, not even not even trying to mess with that and then like they fixed that like in Windows 8.1, like you got your desktop back and everything, but I was already gone and then Windows 10 is basically Spyware, you know, like it literally just sends so much information about what you do on your computer to the Microsoft servers that late. I don't even I'm not even comfortable using Windows tend to be honest. Like I mean like if it's somebody else's computer. Sure. But like on my own personal computer like I don't like you know sending all that like everything like if you hit the start button and then type something in the search bar at least by default on Windows 10, that information gets uploaded to the Microsoft server. And I'm like for real like no way dude, like that's that's so inappropriate for an operating system to upload that much information about the way you use your computer in my opinion. I mean that's why I don't use it.
You know?
Uh That's what I mean like I don't even think, I think like Windows 10 basic I think just download that because they're making money selling your personal information. They don't need to pay for their operating system.
I use like a duck duck go instead of google the search. So I guess my default so it's actually on that browser. On my phone to duck Duck Go browser. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean chrome. Chrome is like I like Chrome on the phone
better than I like chrome on the computer lately. I mean they're all right. Like I have chrome on my phone and my computer. Like actually I'm using chromium for I'm using chrome for this conversation because it didn't they didn't load properly on my prophecy browser. He knows. Uh Yeah. For what? It's worth
Two. Uh huh.
Mhm. Well I reckon that's her 25 minutes. It was nice talking to you man.
It's
good. It's good chat.
Absolutely. You haven't blessed your day. Alright,
enjoying
Yes.