And let's see here.
Not much,
it's just a free discussion. Um I've done this a couple times before and we just kind of talk about this, whatever comes to mind. I think
I'm from Chicago right now, I'm living in Northwest indiana, right on the border of Chicago.
it's uh interesting what the weather can change. Like we have nice summers, but then we have cold winters. Um
They can get really cold in the winter.
just
warning.
Yeah. My uh yeah, my dad used to fly for a Delta and he would tell me that like they when it snowed in Atlanta, they would screw up for like Mhm. For like a month for like a week, there was no one knew how to drive
and then like I've been to Vegas when it rains and then no one knows how to drive when it rains in Vegas. Mhm.
great. Like occasional
range and that no one knows how to drive. And then like the flights are delayed because the plane because the people can't get hotels in time. And
because
I
think we took a vacation there for like a week or actually just the trip out there and like it rained every day and then like all the flights were delayed because because it rained. Mhm. Okay.
I've been to I've been to L. A. Yeah, I've actually been to Hawaii like when I was younger, I used to take trips out to Hawaii.
Yeah, but it's like this the weather is out there the same every day and it gets really kind of I guess people that move out there don't like it because the weather is the same every single day.
because
for
so the cab driver we had, it took us back to the airport said he moved out here because I thought would be fun and then you just got tired of the same weather every day. Yeah.
Yes, since I lived near the lake that's always uh colder um because I'm so close to the lake, but the further inland you go it gets hotter, which is kind of interesting.
Yeah, like when the winds are coming off that like it could be 20 to 20 degrees colder where I am versus uh like further away from, okay, like
I don't think it does, like the
middle of the lake doesn't freeze, but sometimes like the area closer to the lakeshore will freeze a little, but the most I've heard it doesn't freeze. Yeah.
Yeah, I grew up in the northern suburbs of Chicago. So uh if I moved from the northern suburbs, southern suburbs I guess.
Yeah, I can take like to get to my parents office could take like 2.5 hours sometimes, depending on how bad traffic is. It's only
40
miles.
I actually
had to drive all the way through downtown to get to where they live. And that can sometimes take a while because you never know because well I guess every hour rush hour, I've noticed that now.
out here and then there's like there's different rocks I can take like um I can take the toy or take like short drive, but they could always be backed up to because everyone else is looking for an alternate route to take. So.
Yeah. I haven't been downtown and I used to like do group projects downtown or some like focus group stuff. I haven't been downtown since january, I think. Mhm.
We used to have what's up this year. We have a big thing and where I live called Pierogi fest. But they had to cancel it
because
of uh because so many people come out to the town, they were worried about spreading covid.
They have, they have a big festival where I live every
july and then everyone takes the parking spots near where I live because I only have street parking. So then I'll go to work and come back and you know, parking. So I got a part far away and move my car at night when
when the when a drug when people leave. That's always fun.
I used to go to air shells, but they were all canceled this summer. So I haven't been to any. I watch I think I watched a cop one and that was online. They were doing like a live stream. So I watched that. Yeah.
No. What? But it's not the same. But I can see why they canceled because you don't want 200,000 people. However will probably not that much but like 60,000 people in a small area.
No.
Yeah. My governor has caved to the pressure and I, we had a record number of cases yesterday, which is actually goes back because cases the reporter probably from touch from a couple days ago. So there's always a lag between the numbers that they report and how many people are positive.
No.
Yeah. I think
That's what I heard. It's probably a well because people are gonna be stuck inside so they're not going to have to, they're gonna, he was gonna be more spreading. And then uh at
work like no one wears a mask where work, but then I'll see them like at Walgreens are wearing a mask, so I don't know why. I think
it's okay not to wear a mask at work, but then
all through the
Standing.
okay. Yeah, I well,
I guess because I think because there's space apart, but then I see the long groups, so I I don't I don't know, I just work in um because I worked in an office and I work like by myself, I sometimes don't wear the mask, but if I'm going to go talk to other people, I'll put the mask on.
I don't know you, but then I'll go to like walmart and see people wearing a mask, like like a chin strap. I've seen that a lot, or just wearing it under their nose. It's always like that. It's not a game
that plays
who's not wearing a mask properly. At wal pit walmart or whatever Walgreens or even there is a science is like masks are mandatory
because I see people walking
in without wearing a mask.
this
at least in mind the one that's closest to my apartment, they have someone outside, but I don't know if they're they're enforcing it. Um I think they're just they're just counting the number of people are going in. We used to keep track of the number of people going in and I think they've stopped that because they used to limit the amount of people in the store and they and then they closed one exits, you can go in through one exit. Been having both exits are open now.
Yeah, it's the only thing I can think of what I did that and then one of the grocery stores and like also also go too near my apartment was like that they were limited amount of people and not enough. Well
I don't have any trader joe's in northwest indiana and I have to go to the Chicago or Illinois. Everyone go to trader joe's.
I remember I used to buy when I was doing this traveling job, used to buy like certain snacks for to take on the plane because they only added a trader joe's.
Um I went to like different Albertsons throughout the country installing all their front end equipment. So like the checkout or the cat.
Yeah. You know what they were doing an upgrade. So we would show up like at five o'clock at night unpack the new stuff, then have to go replace everything, um take everything out and then spent all night putting new stuff in.
Uh Someone was in charge of that. But we were just like the workers doing the lanes.
No and I work for a manufacturing company and just like their I. T. Guy in sight and I do all the computer equipment. Mhm.
But the program in college I didn't really like it that much.
I just like the home like network administration stuff and that aspect.
No.
that's what I have to do every day at work. I don't know how people break their computers but somehow they break them and it's a small company and there's like 10 people. And every day there's someone that somehow we'll do something on her computer. We're like the printer stop working. So I had to spend I thought it was something I forgot what it was. I ended up figuring I was a network cable that was there had gotten loose or something so I gotta go fix that.
And then we have some are kicks here on product we use that was there before I got there and then we have no support. Yeah it's integrated with Quickbooks but then Quickbooks keeps having new versions and I want to upgrade because I don't know if it's going to work with the new with the Crm product
or using so but we're paying
then we're paying a fortune for Quickbooks because we did we were part of that like somehow they got part of the upgrade yearly upgrade and every every october we get the bill and keep showing of the foo like do you want to upgrade? And he's like yeah we upgraded. Then I test it and I don't know if it works or not. So I'm trying to explain to people I want to because then they see the do over the new features of Quickbooks. I'm trying to explain them all, we need to test it, but then they don't want to test it, they just want to install it and I'm like I don't want to screw apart. Um Yeah.
Yeah. Uh But anything is, it's on a virtual machine so like I can build a separate virtual machine to test it before I go, before we go into like a live version. That's why I tried to do last year. I went okay.
No, I don't upgrade because no one no one really wanted tested to make sure fully worked. Like we started and then they just gave up and I was like, I can't force them to test it.
Yeah, I had to go upgrade everyone's computer. A new version of quickbooks, which would would have been nightmare. We'll probably not. But I just want to be in pain.
uh because everyone has a different computer. I can't do it like that. All right. Because what what
would
happen
is is that this company,
Is that the
computer
break? We buy one computer, another one who breaks and buy another computer. It wasn't like we all box, they used to have like, five computer, six computers all the same. But
we weren't going to go and spend three grand and six computers. We have to buy one at a time. I think that Windows has a wily style, I think did research the Windows as a way. You can actually do it now in different hardware, but I never bothered to like go through the process of creating images. Okay. Yeah, I
it's something that's probably gonna be a pain to do
to learn it. Yeah.
Uh huh. Oh
okay. Uh Yeah my desktops running Windows but yeah this laptop using strong Windows. Uh I haven't done anything that crazy with it. I did steal a product key from working. I didn't steal it. We were cycling computers and came with Windows 10 Pro got a Windows seven Pro key so I took the key because it's like we
only
have deep, I'm just gonna put it on my computer. So upgraded my computer to Pro using the key. Have a job on this one yet doing my old laptop that started break and get too slow.
Are you
Mm. Never heard
that. Yeah. Upwards on your data.
Well they're like google they that are selling our information. Mhm.
I think it was mainly Corona on my phone, but I probably should look in a different browser,
so.
Yeah. It works. Uh huh. Yeah.
Yeah.
nice talking to you.
What?
Yeah, it's nice chat.
Me
too. You too. Yeah.