SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, no thanks. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Bye.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Oh I've been better but it's okay, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry to your son
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Okay. So yeah. Yeah. Oh what?
SPEAKER_R: How was your day today?
SPEAKER_L: Mm I just got back from work. Uh huh. It is okay I suppose. How is your day?
SPEAKER_R: Um It was pretty good. I didn't have to work today. I was good.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, it's nice. Yeah. How many how many of these things have you done?
SPEAKER_R: Just one.
SPEAKER_L: This is your 1st 1? Oh wow, nice.
SPEAKER_R: How many have you done?
SPEAKER_L: This is my 2nd 1. I signed up for it like three times before now, but the first two times I just kind of chickened out and didn't do it and finally did one last monday and it was pretty painless. But yeah um
SPEAKER_R: Chickened out. As you usually don't like to talk to people or.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like I'm kind of an introvert f is in like I don't know, I just I'm not a big fan of video chatting, even like people close to me when they try to video chat, I'm like oh god, you know? But uh yeah, you know it's not so bad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's all. God. Um So what do you work as?
SPEAKER_L: I work in the hospital but not like as a nurse or a doctor or anything, it's just like the food service type deal. A few different jobs I have. But the main job I have is like I have to like before the tray leaves the kitchen I have to like inspected to make sure everything is correct and you know tell people if something's wrong to fix it but it's okay but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So do you have to deal with a lot of people or is it just like kind of less customer service?
SPEAKER_L: it's mainly when I'm doing like the inspecting the trades, it's just dealing with your co workers, the cooks, the deliverers, your partners that are setting up the tray um stuff like that. But if you're like because originally when I got hired there they hired me as to be a deliverer person to the to the patients. So that was a lot more customer service, you know? But now that I'm just in the kitchen, mainly it's not so much customer service just dealing with people still, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So, yeah, that's it. I don't know. I don't know if that's not a good because I do like talking to people, but sometimes customer service can be the worst. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's hard. Uh I mean 75, of people are are pretty easy to get along with. But there's always people in it just seems like they go out of their way to get mad and they're never satisfied with anything, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Have you ever worked retail during christmas? Oh
SPEAKER_L: huh. Uh huh. Probably. But I don't really remember.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's the worst. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you retail?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I worked a bunch of different jobs, but right now. Yeah, I d retail mostly I did. I worked at a cookie place, so that was really fun. And then I worked at Abercrombie. Um And then I worked right now. I work at lost. If you know what that is, lush cosmetics.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I'm not familiar.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know if it's like a big company, I'm not sure. But yeah, I like it. It's just um it's always really nice most of the time. The people are really nice, but sometimes you get the occasional not a nice person
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I understand. It's like at the
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: uh you know there's At any given time there's always like usually like one at least 123 people that it's just like every day they have some new problem with the tray you sent them and they're just never happy. And people like that are so frustrating, you know. Bye. That's life I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So what do you like interested in, what do you like to do?
SPEAKER_L: Oh ever since Covid started I've gotten really into like collecting like I want to like have a really good book collection and like A really good MP three collection and a really good, even though I don't really even play video games, video game and it's just I've gotten on this collecting thing lately where I just, you know, so I'll sit there and I'll download music and I listen
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: throw it on
SPEAKER_R: through
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: it all.
SPEAKER_L: player and you know, with my prolific money, I'll go out and buy some more books on Paypal through Ebay or whatever. And yeah, I've been doing a lot of collecting lately and you know, I tend to be an introvert, so I just kind of like to stay indoors a lot. But yeah, I've been doing a lot of that lately.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. So what kind of books do you read?
SPEAKER_L: I really I started out kind of in the fantasy and the fiction realm, but
SPEAKER_R: And?
SPEAKER_L: I'm really finding it hard to find fantasy books that I really even like anymore. So I'm trying to shift over, I like science fiction. Um really with my prolific money I've been just trying to get like a well rounded collection and like get all the classics and stuff that you know, I might not ever even read them but just to have them in your library, you know like I even went as far to you know of course I'm not a Nazi but I went as far to get mind comp by Hitler just to have it because
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: you know, and I got you know, all the grimm's Fairy tales and all Hunts, christian Andersen's fairy tales and you know just trying to get a well rounded collection of books just because you know, I don't know, I enjoy it. Ever Covid I started reading again but it's been a long time since I've been reading Pre Covid but I've always enjoyed reading but I just sometimes are falling out of the habit of doing it you know trying to get back into it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, for sure. For me, when I started college, it just reading, just went out the picture. It was only I just read for classes and that's it.
SPEAKER_L: Oh what are you studying? Oh nice. I graduated with a bachelor's of applied science and management in 2012 but never really I'm still not a manager anywhere but hey at least I got a degree you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's true. That always helps you get ahead.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah hopefully one day maybe. I don't know maybe I'll just I mean I work in a hospital and they do have a tuition reimbursement program. So I've been kicking around the idea of maybe going back and maybe studying for I don't know nursing. M. T. I don't know I mean you can go anywhere with it because you could even do like I. T. Or like engineering and they could even because they have positions like that at the hospital too. So maybe I'll,
SPEAKER_R: that's a good idea.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I mean I kind of wanted to just stick where I'm at now in the food department and hopefully maybe one day move up to a higher position. But so far no luck with that. But we'll see.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So how did how is covid for you to is it big in your state sale or what's the deal?
SPEAKER_L: Um I think it's pretty big. I'm in florida.
SPEAKER_R: Only two?
SPEAKER_L: own. That's so weird. The last person florida too. That's so weird. But it seems I don't know it seems like it's pretty big here but like as far as at the hot I don't I should I should read more news but I don't lately because like I mentioned previously I am getting a little obsessed with the collecting and stuff. So it's like I spend so much time just listening to music and reading and downloading stuff that I don't because I used to be more obsessed with just watching Youtube and keeping up with current events and stuff. But just looking at the number of patients we have at the hospital. It doesn't seem like there's a lot like two or three months ago, there would be at any given time there'll be 40 covid patients. Yeah. Now it's like usually it's like 10 or less, but I feel like that's not an accurate representation of how it's really going statewide. It's probably worse in other places than it is in my particular hospital. So I don't know
SPEAKER_R: Are you north or south?
SPEAKER_L: like the Center Daytona Beach Area.
SPEAKER_R: Oh got it.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, what about, have you seen any type of covid spikes or anything?
SPEAKER_R: Um I don't know. I think south florida which is where I met is pretty um like it's pretty heavy here but I don't know I don't think it's been bad. I mean everything's reopened, its just masks everywhere. It hasn't really impacted me. I mean I was for a load for a while but now even that's just over. Yeah it hasn't been bad. I don't know I just I didn't go up to college this semester, I just stayed down here. So yeah that's basically the only thing that changed with me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I haven't seen, I don't there's one lady at work that's her relatives, she says died from covid. But other than that, like in my personal life, I don't know of anyone
SPEAKER_R: Yeah me either
SPEAKER_L: affected by it. But yes, that doesn't mean I'm like uh one of the, you know one of the deniers that it's not taking place or anything but you know it's just strange.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I just don't have any older family in my life so I guess that's why too I just and my parents are super careful about it so it's not really something that I've got to experience. Thank God.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. Well that's good. That's good. Yeah. Uh huh. What do you think about Bitcoin? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um I have no experience with that. My brother is into it but I don't know are you into it? So is it is it working for you? I don't know how it
SPEAKER_L: million.
SPEAKER_R: works.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. It works. I just I don't know it's it's different, it's hard to explain but like I wish I would have gotten into it earlier. I knew about it when it first started but like I never like had any, I didn't know a whole lot about it when it first started, but I was aware of it when it first came out. It wasn't until about three years ago that it kind of my thinking changed on it and I was like this is like a very valuable thing to own and I want some and it's worked out well but I just wish I would have gotten in sooner. And but it's so it's it's a very complex topic and it's
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: it's hard to like put into words sometimes but I just long term I I just love Bitcoin and I just want as much as I can possibly. Yeah. But
SPEAKER_R: So how does it like do you trade in your actual money for Bitcoin? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but I haven't done it in a long time now because I've been trying to save up money and I've had expenses pop up lately so like this whole past year I've just been kind of in save mode but once I hit my goal which I'll hopefully hit early next year hopefully I can start buying more Bitcoin.
SPEAKER_R: And then do you spend that Bitcoin or you just?
SPEAKER_L: I hold it and there's also services popping up now that you know how
SPEAKER_R: baker?
SPEAKER_L: like a savings account works where you give you know you deposit your money into an account and you get paid interest on the amount you deposited a certain percent. Well there's there's companies like that popping up now that do the basically the same thing with your Bitcoin. And I've been using some of those. I've been trying but I've been trying. My main goal is to use those companies but also to have a personal amount that I don't use because you know any there's risk in everything and you know even a bank could go under. So it is possible that one of these services could go under and you're totally out of your Bitcoins so I want to you know, hold some personally but also use some for those services. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So have you have you gained a lot of Bitcoins since he started?
SPEAKER_L: Um Fair amount. Ah just mainly most of it just by buying it and but it's gone up in price as well so on the it's difficult to.
SPEAKER_R: To get more? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah that too, but the services that pay you for holding it, they give you interest on, you know what I'm saying? Those are helpful. I've been accumulating more through that, so even if I'm not actively purchasing Bitcoin, the fact that I'm using these services every week or every month, they're giving me more Bitcoin for me lending it to them essentially. So that's a way of accumulating more, even if you're not directly buying it, so that's nice, but I don't know, a lot of people don't like it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't I don't really know anything about it. Um I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I just usually bring it up with almost everyone I meet, usually right off the bat, but you know, we're to random strangers on the internet talking, so I just threw it in there. But what what what interests are you into? Oh
SPEAKER_R: So I live 10 minutes away from the beach so I used to go to the beach a lot. I haven't been in a while because of Covid but you know um that's what I would do a lot. I like to go outside a lot so um I just I don't know right now, I'm just doing school um chilling at home. All my friends are up in school so it's kind of fun. I go to work. Um Not much, I don't know. Um I just really like listening to music, just not much to do right now I guess.
SPEAKER_L: what music are you into?
SPEAKER_R: Um I meant to a lot of like in the alternative and then I listen to like pop and rap kind of all over the place but mainly stick with like in the old
SPEAKER_L: Nice. So what are some like good Indie all bands?
SPEAKER_R: um I really like hippocampus um There are one of my favorite bands I like Knox Hamilton. Um and then a few basic ones would be like jodi or fitness
SPEAKER_L: I've never heard of any of these.
SPEAKER_R: wow. So what do you listen to?
SPEAKER_L: Bye. I like indie, but maybe I haven't been exposed to the Indy you've been exposed to. But yeah, I like hip hop too. I like pop. Uh try to, you know, get a well rounded by going back to the classics and stuff too. But like my first love was Pearl Jam. Um They're not envy, but there but one of my second or third loves was this indie rock band from the nineties called Pavement. I really love them. And um I grew up on wu tang clan hip hop. That was the hip hop side of things. And
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Um there's this new hip hop act, new wish. I mean, they've been around since like 2010 called death grips. I really love them. Um Trying to take. I like, I mean, I don't love Love but I like, like Vampire Weekend. I like the strokes. I like the shins. Um So it I don't know. I think,
SPEAKER_R: I've heard of Vampire Weekend. Uh
SPEAKER_L: they. Nds, aren't they? I'm definitely going to have to try to remember the names you said. Hip hop is joe G.
SPEAKER_R: yeah um Knox Hamilton. Um What else did I say Phineas? Yeah there I don't know, I just enjoy that kind of music.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. I'm just all over the place. I think I try to like, I don't know how to put it. I try to like, like the good acts in the the I can't think of the correct word, but maybe I like the acts that are a little more mainstream than
SPEAKER_R: And True.
SPEAKER_L: realizing but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah there's nothing wrong with their mainstream because they're good.
SPEAKER_L: lying. Right? I mean, I'm not trying to be a hipster or anything, but I do like to like the fricking, like the cool acts that no one's heard about. But it's difficult these days. Even find what you want. So, a lot of times just, you know, getting stuck in a rut and just listening to the same
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: thing.
SPEAKER_R: the same thing over and over again. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: I've turned out to do that. I just um if I ever get kind of bored in my music I just put my Spotify on discover right like shuffle through things.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So, And like I said earlier with the whole MP three things like And over my life I've tried to get like an MP three collection like many times over my life and like The MP three player will die and then I'll have to start from scratch. And So finally this year I think I finally got a really good one. I forget. Feel f I I oh Uh something there like a really good MP three player company I think. And like I think this one's gonna you know last me a long time.
SPEAKER_R: This might sound stupid but like what exactly is an MP three player like I know what the file type is but I don't know, I've never used one.
SPEAKER_L: right. It's just like a little machine but it's dedicated to playing music. A lot of people use their cell phone or whatever. But there are it's not it's a kind of a dying industry I suppose it used to be a little bit more, you know, people actually there were a lot of people own them but I don't think many people own just a dedicated device for music anymore. Use their PC or they'll use their phone but there is a slight industry for it and yet so it's just like a little device and just transfer your songs onto it and categorize it by album artist john or whatever. And so everything is nice and neat. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: No because I like the idea of having like everything you love music lies just on that one device that at your tips you can pull from anything you need or want at any given moment and of course having that big master list that you can just shuffle through and just have a nice mix of you know songs you like going continuously. So.
SPEAKER_R: Does it connect to your headphones or like two speakers? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well
SPEAKER_R: That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: let me just grab it real quick their own just well well yeah well so like. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. That's cool. Like kind of like an ipod.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah exactly And I bought this thing, this is separate, but I just bought something and that's a little not
SPEAKER_R: So you can it plugs into a speaker? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: get a speaker connector or this can you can put that's right, sorry. You can put like headphones in that or the speaker in that or whatever you want and it'll just, you know
SPEAKER_R: Got it.
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. I like never
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: use one of those. That's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Just to supplement my collecting binge. I'm going on like yeah, I've been listening to the doors lately today at least. And like they're like a rock group from like the seventies, I believe, sixties, late sixties, early seventies. And they were interesting.
SPEAKER_R: So, what all these do you listen to?
SPEAKER_L: Well, I really love bob Marley especially before he signed to Island Records when he was with lee scratch Perry because lee scratch Perry is like one of the best well known doub slash reggae producers of all time. And I feel like that early bob Marley with uh We scratch Perry doing the production is like just some of the best music ever made, you know? And I really like this singer songwriter Leonard Cohen, he's from like the late 60s, early 70's and Led Zeppelin Led Zeppelin's a really well known rock band from the Again, late 60s, early 70s. Um those are some of the main ones, I mean I've listened to all of them, you know, Beatles, Pink Floyd, Rolling Stones and blah blah blah blah, I would say. Yeah, the big old these that I really liked was probably you know, bob Marley, Leonard Cohen Led Zeppelin, but like I mentioned previously, trying to get a well rounded collection going. So I'm trying to jump around to all different types of artists, but you know, it takes a while and I'm I've kind of got I don't want to kind of a meticulousness to it. So it's like I'll approach one artist and I want to you know, listen to pretty
SPEAKER_R: To everything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so it's painstaking, you know like for like nine months now and You know, I've completed about you know, maybe 15 artists because it's you know, it's a meticulous process, but hopefully In a year two or 3 I'll have like a really, really solid collection going, we'll see.
SPEAKER_R: So, can you plug your and be very into like the ox of your color?
SPEAKER_L: Well most likely, yes, but I don't really drive at the moment, so I depend on people to give me rides, but I'm sure there is a way to play it in a car,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was just wondering because like listening to music in the car, just how I get through a lot of my like whatever I want to listen to. We're just going to drive.
SPEAKER_L: right? That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So, I've been doing that a lot lately because I don't know, living with my family for the past nine months. It's kind of driving me nuts, so, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I usually make it to like my day off and that's kind of like or the night, the day that I have off the next day, so I can kind of just have like a I have a few drinks, play a few albums, run through some music, you know? But lately, even if it's not a day off the next day, I might have a little party anyway. It's by my just to get the stress off or whatever. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: makes sense. I think we're out of time. Right.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I think we made it all right.
SPEAKER_R: It was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Sorry if I was boring or talked your ear off, but
SPEAKER_R: No, it was nice. I've
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: learned
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: some things.
SPEAKER_L: here already,
SPEAKER_R: All right. Have a nice night.
SPEAKER_L: have a nice night by