Bye.
Good. How are you?
I'm sorry to your son
How was your day today?
Um It was pretty good. I didn't have to work today. I was good.
Just one.
How many have you done?
Chickened out. As you usually don't like to talk to people or.
Yeah, that's all. God. Um So what do you work as?
Yeah. So do you have to deal with a lot of people or is it just like kind of less customer service?
So, yeah, that's it. I don't know. I don't know if that's not a good because I do like talking to people, but sometimes customer service can be the worst. Mhm.
Yeah. Have you ever worked retail during christmas? Oh
yeah, that's the worst. Yeah.
Um So I worked a bunch of different jobs, but right now. Yeah, I d retail mostly I did. I worked at a cookie place, so that was really fun. And then I worked at Abercrombie. Um And then I worked right now. I work at lost. If you know what that is, lush cosmetics.
Yeah. I don't know if it's like a big company, I'm not sure. But yeah, I like it. It's just um it's always really nice most of the time. The people are really nice, but sometimes you get the occasional not a nice person
well.
Mhm. So what do you like interested in, what do you like to do?
I
was
through
it all.
That's cool. So what kind of books do you read?
And?
Yeah. That makes sense.
Yeah, for sure. For me, when I started college, it just reading, just went out the picture. It was only I just read for classes and that's it.
Yeah, that's true. That always helps you get ahead.
that's a good idea.
Mhm. So how did how is covid for you to is it big in your state sale or what's the deal?
Only two?
Are you north or south?
Oh got it.
Um I don't know. I think south florida which is where I met is pretty um like it's pretty heavy here but I don't know I don't think it's been bad. I mean everything's reopened, its just masks everywhere. It hasn't really impacted me. I mean I was for a load for a while but now even that's just over. Yeah it hasn't been bad. I don't know I just I didn't go up to college this semester, I just stayed down here. So yeah that's basically the only thing that changed with me.
Yeah me either
Yeah I just don't have any older family in my life so I guess that's why too I just and my parents are super careful about it so it's not really something that I've got to experience. Thank God.
Um I have no experience with that. My brother is into it but I don't know are you into it? So is it is it working for you? I don't know how it
works.
No.
So how does it like do you trade in your actual money for Bitcoin? Yeah.
And then do you spend that Bitcoin or you just?
baker?
So have you have you gained a lot of Bitcoins since he started?
To get more? Yeah.
Yeah. I don't I don't really know anything about it. Um I don't know.
So I live 10 minutes away from the beach so I used to go to the beach a lot. I haven't been in a while because of Covid but you know um that's what I would do a lot. I like to go outside a lot so um I just I don't know right now, I'm just doing school um chilling at home. All my friends are up in school so it's kind of fun. I go to work. Um Not much, I don't know. Um I just really like listening to music, just not much to do right now I guess.
Um I meant to a lot of like in the alternative and then I listen to like pop and rap kind of all over the place but mainly stick with like in the old
um I really like hippocampus um There are one of my favorite bands I like Knox Hamilton. Um and then a few basic ones would be like jodi or fitness
wow. So what do you listen to?
What?
I've heard of Vampire Weekend. Uh
yeah um Knox Hamilton. Um What else did I say Phineas? Yeah there I don't know, I just enjoy that kind of music.
And True.
Yeah there's nothing wrong with their mainstream because they're good.
it's
the same thing over and over again. Yeah
I've turned out to do that. I just um if I ever get kind of bored in my music I just put my Spotify on discover right like shuffle through things.
This might sound stupid but like what exactly is an MP three player like I know what the file type is but I don't know, I've never used one.
That's cool.
Does it connect to your headphones or like two speakers? Okay.
That's cool.
Okay. That's cool. Like kind of like an ipod.
So you can it plugs into a speaker? Okay.
Got it.
That's cool. I like never
use one of those. That's cool.
So, what all these do you listen to?
To everything.
So, can you plug your and be very into like the ox of your color?
Yeah, I was just wondering because like listening to music in the car, just how I get through a lot of my like whatever I want to listen to. We're just going to drive.
Yeah. So, I've been doing that a lot lately because I don't know, living with my family for the past nine months. It's kind of driving me nuts, so, yeah.
makes sense. I think we're out of time. Right.
It was nice talking to you.
No, it was nice. I've
learned
some things.
All right. Have a nice night.