SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Cool. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. To be killed. You get this. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hey? What's up?
SPEAKER_L: Hi. Not fun
SPEAKER_R: Hey?
SPEAKER_L: yourself.
SPEAKER_R: What? Oh you know big giant storm coming through. So do
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: you hear anything that's what's going on?
SPEAKER_L: have 12 I am in grand rapids michigan. So I'm guessing you're getting hit by the front also maybe.
SPEAKER_R: I guess. I don't know what it is. Like I'm your buffalo. So I'm in new york. Well a little ways away. But it seems to be a stormy day for everybody.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I guess so. I guess so. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Can you hear it at all?
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear it at all?
SPEAKER_L: um I heard I mean it comes and goes, we just had a grocery delivery and it was like she waited in her car for just a couple of minutes to get through the rain and then it stopped and so you know it comes and goes and goes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Like a,
SPEAKER_L: So is this your
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: first like prolific or uh chat?
SPEAKER_R: This is my 3rd 1. So I've done a couple others.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, same, same. I love these. These are some of the, you know few interactions that I have with people outside of my like immediate friend group or pod, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh not all. It sounds like you're, that sounds very isolated the way you described it.
SPEAKER_L: Well it's not so I work from home and my husband works from home so we don't like normally the only interaction with strangers that I would have would be at, uh, social gatherings where other people bring their friends or during like when I'm volunteering or you know, going to the dentist and you get to know the people working there any of those things anymore. So that's, it does feel kind of isolating.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I got you. So you don't entirely work from home then so you don't have any office interaction or whatever you had before.
SPEAKER_L: Well actually I am a private music teacher, little kids here at my home. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: cool. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: But since covid hit, you know, first it was just like a, well we'll skip this week, then we'll skip this month. Then um, I'll get started back up teaching when school gets back up. So it was always this like it's not gonna be a long term. So I'm not going to make long term preparations and then school started, schools closed. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: Bad.
SPEAKER_L: and so we're in michigan. So now the schools were supposed to open right after thanksgiving and then things happen. So now it's not until after christmas. So it's been all of these like, yeah, sort of like paused types of moments. And so I just declared that for christmas I would like some equipment so that I can start teaching remotely from home
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna ask about that.
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: Can
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you do it with the age group that you have the
SPEAKER_L: Um, you know, I got the kind that likes to be sticky. So like ages four through like 12. So even if I could, um, like disinfect the surfaces of the, of the piano, I can't get between the cracks and there's nothing you can do
SPEAKER_R: True.
SPEAKER_L: a mask for otherwise to stop kids from touching their faces and touching things including me and natural
SPEAKER_R: Kids,
SPEAKER_L: and it's normal and I love being part of that. But it's definitely a, you
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: know, and when kids are part of different school districts to, it makes it even more of a challenge because I could very well be a silent carrier and just spread it to all of my kids and I don't want to do that. I'm like, I don't
SPEAKER_R: Here.
SPEAKER_L: actually have any kids. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: even the parents I don't have any interaction with except for occasionally online when they're like, hey, are you teaching? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I agree. So,
SPEAKER_L: You has, has life changed for you since Covid?
SPEAKER_R: so to a degree, yes, so I'm a personal trainer. So I have people that are remote and I have people that are used to come and come to my little gym. Right? And obviously the people that were coming to me, they stopped coming to me and I converted who I could to like a remote thing. But as you could imagine, like it's not, you don't have quite as much that you can do. Like they don't have all the gear I have. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: The oldest one, she's 78. So like when you work with that age group, sometimes they don't remember every, you know, as well as they did when they were younger. And so it's more challenging. Like you explain things to them verbally and you have to kind of go through everything again. But you can't do like a hands on things so you can't you know, direct their body, you can't see all the angles because you have one camera. So you have certain challenges that make it more difficult than to sustain your client base or to recruit new people right? So it's been challenging but I do you know, I have enough to get by right now but that's about it. So yeah it's been kind of, it's been kind of rough for me too. I can definitely empathize.
SPEAKER_L: Do you have a pod that you maintain social distancing too? Keep them safe?
SPEAKER_R: So we do everything remote now so I will load up
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: like Skype or whatever they're familiar with because obviously like my older demographic, they have certain technologies that they're familiar with and certain ones or not and that's when they start obviously that's a challenge just to get them going. So I figure out like what technology they're comfortable with if I don't have it, I get it myself because it's easier for me to learn and then we utilize that in order to do remote training's over Skype or what have you. So that's kind of what I've been doing and it generally goes well, but again there's there's limitations so it has its own challenges and you know, it could be better if it wasn't for covid.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Michigan um any minute now, like literally is supposed to, our governor is supposed to put out some new restrictions, hopefully regarding restaurants. And I say hopefully not because I know a lot about it, but because I have um, friends that are servers and yeah, they're like, why are you coming here, stay home, get food to go, you don't need to sit here and breathe on everybody. And I just brought food yesterday, dropped off food at a friend of mine who was part of a restaurant where I think four or 5 people all got covid and to shut down the restaurant. I mean it was like a core group of people. So like that it was newly opened restaurant to, which made it even more painful. It
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: was just awful. And
SPEAKER_R: no. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: is the only, he's able to stay at home. He was an asymptomatic carrier or at least the um, uh, the symptoms didn't start for about a week. Um, but other people weren't so lucky and one of them yesterday was considering going to the hospital. Um, just struggling with breathing problem. Just have enough time. Like it just it just sounds awful. And I have another friend who had covid um back during the summer who still can't smell and can't go back to his normal like running because there's just no like lung capacity, there's no like nerve, it's like I don't know what it is about the scent, the smell thing, but it's just it's just not happening. Like it's
SPEAKER_R: I heard that.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I think if it was just a flu type thing that
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: would be very different, but we don't have a complete understanding of what the long term neurological
SPEAKER_R: What's wrong?
SPEAKER_L: problems we're going to have. And that I think is where the real fear for me is or concern. I don't I don't have fear necessarily put concerns.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah, I hear you on that. I mean it's a new thing to everybody. You know the scientists like when this all began, everybody wanted answers. But these guys, they just found it too, you know what I mean? So they have to figure out everything as they went and they don't understand like that. Okay, so one thing they don't understand like the long term effects and how it treats people differently, right? They just had their pool that they looked at. And secondly this thing is like changing as it goes. I hear there's different strands from different areas. Well, they act differently on people depending on if you got it from here, you got it from here like different countries, right? And all of its mutating too. So, you know, it's really hard to say like how you're gonna end up after all this
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: and if
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: also
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: we can
SPEAKER_R: back to normal, Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: we found out to that like
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: cats
SPEAKER_R: not.
SPEAKER_L: can get it like pets can get it and things like um in uh somewhere in Scandinavia, they have to like just call their entire collection of makes because it was returning back to it was mutating it and going back to humans in this whole other form like you were saying. Oh
SPEAKER_R: That's it's just so crazy. What do you think about the vaccine?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Where do you lean on your on your breath on your uh uh politics? Let's say that I am very liberal, We'll go with that.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I'm kind of down the middle. It depends on the issue. Like some issues. I think this side has it wrong and the other issues, I'm like, I think you guys have it wrong and I think, you know neither side is you're correct on everything they think or wrong and everything they think that's kind of where I am.
SPEAKER_L: So I after seeing how the CBc and the FDA are willing to change their stances on things based on uh pressure from the White House that makes me and right now the White House is I don't believe very science friendly. Um
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: I I hesitate to trust anything that's been pushed through. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mm.
SPEAKER_L: And at the same time I don't want to fuel the idea that we shouldn't be getting a vaccine that's available. Um So I'm kind of at this place where I'm going to tell everything. I think I know this is maybe like a lot of my friends follow what I suggest um or what I'm doing when it comes to um politics and science because they don't follow it quite as closely have similar leanings as me. Um So I think I'm gonna tell all my friends that I'm getting it, but I'll probably wait a little bit okay. Getting it myself. Like I think it's important, But I don't want to fuel the fear of it. I just want to be part of like wave number two.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm kind of in the same boat. I feel that I mean these guys have to interests right as politicians. They have the health of the community and they also have the economy, right? So they have to keep both in mind. And then there's the leading factor for most of them honestly, which is getting reelected. I can't go against the public interest even if it is in our best interest, health wise,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: public
SPEAKER_R: can't do
SPEAKER_L: opinion,
SPEAKER_R: it early.
SPEAKER_L: I guess we should say not public interest, but I think that is different things. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's true. So given all that, they do need to rush us to a degree and I'm not sure if we're going to find something that happens to this guy six months later because he got it. That's kind of my concern is like the more the long term. Oh well you didn't see that in the studies because we only studied people for three months. We
SPEAKER_L: Look.
SPEAKER_R: didn't know after six months that you know whatever percentage it is, 5% of the population came down with X. So that's kind of my concern is it's just being rushed and I'm not sure that it's being thoroughly tested to make sure it's entirely good for everybody.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Exactly. And right now testing in general is for healthy white males and I am a fat white female. And birth control doesn't since it is effective for me because the doses based on somebody who's £145 I weigh £200. That's not gonna happen. Oh yeah. Something that like I worked really hard on women's um reproductive issues and uh childhood advocacy type stuff. So I've got my finger on the pulse a lot about that uh things like Plan B. Somebody who weighs more than £165. They have like only an 80% chance that it's effective as opposed to like 98%. Like it's it's a
SPEAKER_R: I've heard that.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's a it's unreal. It's unreal. Okay. So how about this too? The government is funding the research for this vaccine and charging us for the vaccine.
SPEAKER_R: Come on. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: So why are we getting charged when our tax money is already paying for it? How about that for some fiscal balancing?
SPEAKER_R: Right. Although to play Devil's Advocate, I agree with you but to play Devil's Advocate, how does the money pan out? Like are they getting enough money to cover all their costs? You know what I mean? Like do they just subsidizing it with that money and then charging us only a fraction because they need to make up some I don't know I don't have the money. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. History is anything if the way that they support and subsidize um places like Pfizer and what is it lily, you know eli um ah that other big pharmacy like the government feeds them lots of money and then
SPEAKER_R: Three.
SPEAKER_L: they still charge us enough that if we don't have insurance we are paying out of the nose or just can't afford it. So time will tell. We'll see what happens. What happens. I mean if it was to such an extent like the measles vaccine or something that we all get the tap and deep t depth and the other one I forget then uh you know these childhood vaccines where they charged just a few dollars that would be very different. You know those are out of you know they're not um uh I forgot the name. Help me out. You know it they're not patented. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know what you're going for.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I saw your real
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I know just saying no.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. So I'm hoping that that it will be a similar thing that because it's got to cover millions and millions of people. The government has already subsidized it. That they will choose not to patent it and make it affordable for everyone if they even charged for it crossed, fingers crossed.
SPEAKER_R: Well granted we do have the right person in office to possibly get that outcome. Now. I feel like it was trump. There's no way. You know, you know like I don't I don't feel like he gives a crap about anybody but himself. That's that's one good thing. You know on the pros and cons list that I think we have a better chance at that at this point. But well I mean maybe things are so emotion, it won't even matter anyway,
SPEAKER_L: maybe.
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: Well and something that's been talked about too. Is that even more effective than a vaccine is watching your hands and wearing a mask and you can't get people to do that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So they're saying like the vaccine
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: isn't going to be a high percentage of being effective them.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well, it's an 80% of activity rates. So that's really good. But if it effective 80% of people who get it or people who would have otherwise gotten it, imagine
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: how reduced that 20% would be if people wash their hands and wore masks.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God, you're so adding them together then.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Right. Right. So yeah. But then we also have to realize too, that people are not going to get like there's a risk that people are going to choose not to get vaccinated and without people choose not to get vaccinated, then that lowers everything even more. So that's why I'm trying to say to people yes, they're going to get it. Oh yeah. And it's
SPEAKER_R: Because otherwise you might have them so that they never end up getting it. Is that kind of what you're afraid of? Like they might
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: not just put it off for a little bit like you will, they might never get it and be part of the huge bigger problem then. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: But you know, it's a my understanding is that it's a three shot um vaccine. Um So it's you know, you have to go in to get it one time and then you come back I think three months and then six months later or six months and eight months later, something like that. So it takes time to do it. You have to take a day off from work, You have to go to a public health facility, you have to pay for it. Like there are plenty of barriers for a lot of people. And I am worried that the people who can't afford it or also going to be, well, you know, part of an already high rate population, like
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: black
SPEAKER_R: gosh.
SPEAKER_L: men dying from Covid. I think like it's more than three times as much as white men. So a huge difference.
SPEAKER_R: Right. And they attribute that just based upon their current living conditions then?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And yeah, socioeconomic issues, lack of accessibility, different social norms, toxic masculinity, all of that kind of a thing. It's, you know, it's it's a challenge. Um Yeah, it's pretty bad. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't know some of that. That's interesting. Now, here's something I don't know if you know this. So is the vaccine work as I understand a traditional vaccine working like they give you a small portion of the inactive virus and you make your own antibodies.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know that, I don't know that, I feel like that might be an issue, but I also like that might be part of it, but I think it's also because this because covid attacks your nervous system that or I'm sorry, your neurological system that it's supposed to protect, that specifically or directly, that's kind of what I've been hearing. I mean I know a lot of this just because my um my sister works in media in California, specifically for um uh low income high risk populations in san Francisco, you know the Bay Area and Oakland, so she's got um and she works with some major uh media corporations there. Um It's it's still all sort of like they haven't released all the information and they haven't uh they don't know enough about the about covid to really know How it's supposed to affect you. So maybe they're doing like a 12. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: Right, because here's here's why I ask that because my concern is that and I have no problem with that. That's how most vaccines work from my understanding. But the thing is though, people are getting it again. So
SPEAKER_L: People
SPEAKER_R: if you get
SPEAKER_L: are once they've never got.
SPEAKER_R: we're getting over twice, so if you're getting it again and vaccines work just like your they trigger your normal antibodies to be formed right by giving you a portion of inactive virus. That would mean
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: completely
SPEAKER_R: you need more boosters than you would otherwise Years will wear off. So it's like this will be like a perpetual thing and like some of these people who are getting it within like three months so it seems like you need a shot of degree three months then you know.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah. So her immunity is gone. And not to mention that herd immunity starts by sacrificing the young and the ill. Right? And the old. So that's not a good look like that. Her baby is not helpful in this case and that way at all. But you're right though. I wonder if those booster shots um that they've already said are part of the vaccine actually helped that like actually make it a more permanent thing. But how how can they know this has only been around I mean this has been around for less than a year, right? Or
SPEAKER_R: They're just
SPEAKER_L: maybe.
SPEAKER_R: slowly hearing as they go.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. How did it start? Where was patient zero? What happened? You know
SPEAKER_R: Well they there was the whole china thing that's what they say right It
SPEAKER_L: type?
SPEAKER_R: wasn't like that that meat market and they don't take like health precautions there. It's very like you know medieval butchery if you will there's like the animals are out and slaughtered and you can buy the meat and it's just showing and they said it started there then a change but they're just guessing, you know what I mean? Like I don't feel like anybody really knows but that's like the suspicion is it started there in that non you know protocol following area that has so many issues with it that no wonder something bread they're like that's why they think it is because it's so unsanitary. But I don't know. You know I think that's just like they're educated guests. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well that, that, that's so pretty scary. I mean there's a lot of unsanitary markets, why are we, why, why was it there? I mean, I guess it would have to start somewhere. Well,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well I mean that's one thing that I kind of put a little bit of weight on. I'm like well if you guys recognize this, why are we putting pressure on china to like stop doing this? Like you know, clean up your place? Like don't don't allow these places to even if it came here or not, it's obviously been proven
SPEAKER_L: Said
SPEAKER_R: to be unsanitary in a potential danger for our world.
SPEAKER_L: finances,
SPEAKER_R: So like we have, you
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: know, certain protocols just to make sure that people are safe.
SPEAKER_L: finances, that's what's going on. And you know, we can't just say that it's just china. I mean they have the same thing in uh, all slow and anywhere in India that you go. I mean, so why are we just focused on china because of this one outbreak? So
SPEAKER_R: Well, I mean I feel like china to they, I don't know. I don't see them as like a third world country, right? I feel like they could get their act together because they have like a thriving economy. They have a good stable government and its like can't you guys like get something together to be for the betterment of mankind? Like I don't know if the other countries that we would look at are as capable, you know, as china would be. There's clearly china china is a capable company. Their country, they have one of the best economies in the whole world, right?
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: So it's like you guys have the ability, you have the agility to make things better, but you just
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: choose
SPEAKER_L: clothes.
SPEAKER_R: to have it as it's always bad, which is kind of a danger to everybody. So I don't understand why they can't, you know.
SPEAKER_L: That's a good point that you make about how it's just always been that way. So we
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's like a tradition thing. I guess. They're just like the style and how the market runs.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, I'll tell you that some of the best food comes from places like that. My sister speaks mandarin and I spent some time out there. Yeah, it's I mean it sounds like one of those places, I mean china is huge in that. It's got you know it's it's got so many different um uh pockets of traditions and societies and food, all of that kind of stuff. And some of these markets are just rich with you know raw spices and the freshest meat and the most gorgeous, you know bits of uh most gorgeous fish. And so how do you have? Yeah. So I wonder is it just is it present in all markets? Is it present
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: in a certain area?
SPEAKER_R: it's a very small area. I think they called it a wet market. Like it's a very small segment. It's nowhere near like all of china. It's just like down there, if you go around over there, there's a street known for this, right? It's kind of like one of those things. It's not it is not the common thing, exception. It's not like I'm not saying like china has, you know this everywhere. It's just just one section I guess that does this thing and they have like, it's like weird animals too. Like you can get things that you and I would never eat right,
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: Like these weird animals that they've, you know, decided to sell to people.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Okay, totally changing the subject. But honestly in topic would you eat cricket flour?
SPEAKER_R: I try it. I try everything
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: now. Like as long as it doesn't sound like it's unsafe, I'm like, well that's not gonna hurt me, right? It's just a bug. So I try it, but I don't see why I'd ever go for it because
SPEAKER_L: What what do you mean that meat is going to become this like we're going to start to understand how hugely environmentally impactful it is where insects have the same amount of protein but requires so fewer resources not to mention like
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: driving up insects is a little bit more stomach kable for a person who doesn't like the way that animals are treated. I mean, I still eat beef, I don't eat pork but I still eat chicken, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. You just try to reduce is what you do, I hear you. Yeah. I mean, I would definitely try it and I guess what I was going to say is like flour first off as a neutral item, right? It's not anything that I'm going to get a unique flavor out of it. I don't think it would be cheaper than normal flour because flowers so cheap to begin with. So I was like, why would I ever switch to that? That's one of my perspective on it now granted if you like took insects in just evolving what you brought up about, like substituting it for me and you made it something that's absolutely desirable. Like it tastes just the same and it cost the same then why the hell not? Right. It's just obviously flower just doesn't seem like something, I don't have a good reason to switch to it to begin with. But I definitely try it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well imagine saying that your cookies are like gluten free but filled with protein.
SPEAKER_R: We'll see that that's appealing to me because like, one of my biggest rules is eat half of what you eat should be protein. That's why people are like, what's your biggest rule? And that's like saying what's the most important thing out of the entire encyclopedia, Right? It's very hard to give one thing. But I always say that I'm like, if you're going to lose weight, making half of what you eat protein and it's very difficult right now to do that with a non animal product. It's very hard.
SPEAKER_L: For half of your food to be protein. Yeah. You've been like caloric
SPEAKER_R: you can do
SPEAKER_L: quantity.
SPEAKER_R: it. So when it comes down to like grams, like I don't get into this with people because I try to make it simple. But half of what you eat should be protein. So you have
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: carbs, fat protein, alcohol, right? Half of it should be protein.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But half as in like calorically half or or like ounce for ounce. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: So come here. Okay, so add up your alcohol grams, your car grams, your protein grams and your fat grams. Half of those grams should be protein.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Bye. Wait. All right. I dig it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, The basic things. So I guess what I'm saying is like, we just need more options. We just need the science to evolve, right? Because like, it's so hard. Especially because like one of the biggest challenges of people
SPEAKER_L: From
SPEAKER_R: is they're just like, oh, I'm bored of eating this. You know what I mean? Everything to be like an adventure for them when they eat. And so it's really hard because like the protein options, like even if you give them the full menu, it's hard to get them to do it. Let's get take out me. You know, I just feel like we need to really evolve it more to make it mainstream because these people aren't like most people, right, They're not going to be able to do it unless science evolves, especially when you tell them what it is. There's some people that are just no matter what in their head, right. They're just like, it's bugs. I'm not eating fine for me. I'm just like, oh, if it tastes good and it's not going to hurt me, I'll eat it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Would you try to do
SPEAKER_R: Was that I have no
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: idea.
SPEAKER_L: that's blowfish sushi, but it's like a super poisonous fish that if it's, if you're the sushi chef cuts it incorrectly, you could die.
SPEAKER_R: I've heard of that man to do it for me, Right? The guy that served like thousands of people and then I would try it. Not like this guy, just like, yeah, I just learned this in school last year and I'm here now we do know, give me your grandpa just like, I don't trust that. But yeah, like the guy that served thousands of people, right? He knows what he's doing. I think I feel safe. So I need to have my first from the guy, right? Just to make sure that I'm not going to die. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm a big trier. Thanks. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Hey, I got to run. I
SPEAKER_L: See
SPEAKER_R: got to, I got something like five minutes.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, good news that it was really nice. Starting with you. I'm Krista.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I'm James.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: to me.
SPEAKER_R: well, we need to kind of this thing, Right? We're allowed.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Take care.
SPEAKER_R: Right? You too. Bye. Bye.