Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Cool. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. To be killed. You get this. Yeah.
Hi. Not fun
yourself.
We
have 12 I am in grand rapids michigan. So I'm guessing you're getting hit by the front also maybe.
Yeah, I guess so. I guess so. So
what
um I heard I mean it comes and goes, we just had a grocery delivery and it was like she waited in her car for just a couple of minutes to get through the rain and then it stopped and so you know it comes and goes and goes. Yeah.
So is this your
first like prolific or uh chat?
Yeah, same, same. I love these. These are some of the, you know few interactions that I have with people outside of my like immediate friend group or pod, you know?
Well it's not so I work from home and my husband works from home so we don't like normally the only interaction with strangers that I would have would be at, uh, social gatherings where other people bring their friends or during like when I'm volunteering or you know, going to the dentist and you get to know the people working there any of those things anymore. So that's, it does feel kind of isolating.
Well actually I am a private music teacher, little kids here at my home. Yeah.
But since covid hit, you know, first it was just like a, well we'll skip this week, then we'll skip this month. Then um, I'll get started back up teaching when school gets back up. So it was always this like it's not gonna be a long term. So I'm not going to make long term preparations and then school started, schools closed. Uh,
and so we're in michigan. So now the schools were supposed to open right after thanksgiving and then things happen. So now it's not until after christmas. So it's been all of these like, yeah, sort of like paused types of moments. And so I just declared that for christmas I would like some equipment so that I can start teaching remotely from home
if
I
Um, you know, I got the kind that likes to be sticky. So like ages four through like 12. So even if I could, um, like disinfect the surfaces of the, of the piano, I can't get between the cracks and there's nothing you can do
a mask for otherwise to stop kids from touching their faces and touching things including me and natural
and it's normal and I love being part of that. But it's definitely a, you
know, and when kids are part of different school districts to, it makes it even more of a challenge because I could very well be a silent carrier and just spread it to all of my kids and I don't want to do that. I'm like, I don't
actually have any kids. Yeah. So
even the parents I don't have any interaction with except for occasionally online when they're like, hey, are you teaching? Yeah.
You has, has life changed for you since Covid?
yeah.
Do you have a pod that you maintain social distancing too? Keep them safe?
No.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Michigan um any minute now, like literally is supposed to, our governor is supposed to put out some new restrictions, hopefully regarding restaurants. And I say hopefully not because I know a lot about it, but because I have um, friends that are servers and yeah, they're like, why are you coming here, stay home, get food to go, you don't need to sit here and breathe on everybody. And I just brought food yesterday, dropped off food at a friend of mine who was part of a restaurant where I think four or 5 people all got covid and to shut down the restaurant. I mean it was like a core group of people. So like that it was newly opened restaurant to, which made it even more painful. It
was just awful. And
is the only, he's able to stay at home. He was an asymptomatic carrier or at least the um, uh, the symptoms didn't start for about a week. Um, but other people weren't so lucky and one of them yesterday was considering going to the hospital. Um, just struggling with breathing problem. Just have enough time. Like it just it just sounds awful. And I have another friend who had covid um back during the summer who still can't smell and can't go back to his normal like running because there's just no like lung capacity, there's no like nerve, it's like I don't know what it is about the scent, the smell thing, but it's just it's just not happening. Like it's
yeah, I think if it was just a flu type thing that
would be very different, but we don't have a complete understanding of what the long term neurological
problems we're going to have. And that I think is where the real fear for me is or concern. I don't I don't have fear necessarily put concerns.
Well,
and
also
we can
we found out to that like
cats
can get it like pets can get it and things like um in uh somewhere in Scandinavia, they have to like just call their entire collection of makes because it was returning back to it was mutating it and going back to humans in this whole other form like you were saying. Oh
Mhm. Where do you lean on your on your breath on your uh uh politics? Let's say that I am very liberal, We'll go with that.
So I after seeing how the CBc and the FDA are willing to change their stances on things based on uh pressure from the White House that makes me and right now the White House is I don't believe very science friendly. Um
I I hesitate to trust anything that's been pushed through. Um
And at the same time I don't want to fuel the idea that we shouldn't be getting a vaccine that's available. Um So I'm kind of at this place where I'm going to tell everything. I think I know this is maybe like a lot of my friends follow what I suggest um or what I'm doing when it comes to um politics and science because they don't follow it quite as closely have similar leanings as me. Um So I think I'm gonna tell all my friends that I'm getting it, but I'll probably wait a little bit okay. Getting it myself. Like I think it's important, But I don't want to fuel the fear of it. I just want to be part of like wave number two.
But
public
opinion,
I guess we should say not public interest, but I think that is different things. Yeah.
Look.
Yeah. Exactly. And right now testing in general is for healthy white males and I am a fat white female. And birth control doesn't since it is effective for me because the doses based on somebody who's £145 I weigh £200. That's not gonna happen. Oh yeah. Something that like I worked really hard on women's um reproductive issues and uh childhood advocacy type stuff. So I've got my finger on the pulse a lot about that uh things like Plan B. Somebody who weighs more than £165. They have like only an 80% chance that it's effective as opposed to like 98%. Like it's it's a
yeah, it's a it's unreal. It's unreal. Okay. So how about this too? The government is funding the research for this vaccine and charging us for the vaccine.
So why are we getting charged when our tax money is already paying for it? How about that for some fiscal balancing?
Yes. History is anything if the way that they support and subsidize um places like Pfizer and what is it lily, you know eli um ah that other big pharmacy like the government feeds them lots of money and then
they still charge us enough that if we don't have insurance we are paying out of the nose or just can't afford it. So time will tell. We'll see what happens. What happens. I mean if it was to such an extent like the measles vaccine or something that we all get the tap and deep t depth and the other one I forget then uh you know these childhood vaccines where they charged just a few dollars that would be very different. You know those are out of you know they're not um uh I forgot the name. Help me out. You know it they're not patented. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I saw your real
yeah. So I'm hoping that that it will be a similar thing that because it's got to cover millions and millions of people. The government has already subsidized it. That they will choose not to patent it and make it affordable for everyone if they even charged for it crossed, fingers crossed.
maybe.
Well and something that's been talked about too. Is that even more effective than a vaccine is watching your hands and wearing a mask and you can't get people to do that.
That's
All right. Well, it's an 80% of activity rates. So that's really good. But if it effective 80% of people who get it or people who would have otherwise gotten it, imagine
how reduced that 20% would be if people wash their hands and wore masks.
Yeah. Right. Right. So yeah. But then we also have to realize too, that people are not going to get like there's a risk that people are going to choose not to get vaccinated and without people choose not to get vaccinated, then that lowers everything even more. So that's why I'm trying to say to people yes, they're going to get it. Oh yeah. And it's
just
But you know, it's a my understanding is that it's a three shot um vaccine. Um So it's you know, you have to go in to get it one time and then you come back I think three months and then six months later or six months and eight months later, something like that. So it takes time to do it. You have to take a day off from work, You have to go to a public health facility, you have to pay for it. Like there are plenty of barriers for a lot of people. And I am worried that the people who can't afford it or also going to be, well, you know, part of an already high rate population, like
black
men dying from Covid. I think like it's more than three times as much as white men. So a huge difference.
Yeah. And yeah, socioeconomic issues, lack of accessibility, different social norms, toxic masculinity, all of that kind of a thing. It's, you know, it's it's a challenge. Um Yeah, it's pretty bad. Yeah.
I don't know that, I don't know that, I feel like that might be an issue, but I also like that might be part of it, but I think it's also because this because covid attacks your nervous system that or I'm sorry, your neurological system that it's supposed to protect, that specifically or directly, that's kind of what I've been hearing. I mean I know a lot of this just because my um my sister works in media in California, specifically for um uh low income high risk populations in san Francisco, you know the Bay Area and Oakland, so she's got um and she works with some major uh media corporations there. Um It's it's still all sort of like they haven't released all the information and they haven't uh they don't know enough about the about covid to really know How it's supposed to affect you. So maybe they're doing like a 12. Oh.
People
are once they've never got.
That's
completely
yeah. Yeah. So her immunity is gone. And not to mention that herd immunity starts by sacrificing the young and the ill. Right? And the old. So that's not a good look like that. Her baby is not helpful in this case and that way at all. But you're right though. I wonder if those booster shots um that they've already said are part of the vaccine actually helped that like actually make it a more permanent thing. But how how can they know this has only been around I mean this has been around for less than a year, right? Or
maybe.
Okay. How did it start? Where was patient zero? What happened? You know
type?
Well that, that, that's so pretty scary. I mean there's a lot of unsanitary markets, why are we, why, why was it there? I mean, I guess it would have to start somewhere. Well,
Said
finances,
well,
finances, that's what's going on. And you know, we can't just say that it's just china. I mean they have the same thing in uh, all slow and anywhere in India that you go. I mean, so why are we just focused on china because of this one outbreak? So
Right.
the
clothes.
That's a good point that you make about how it's just always been that way. So we
Yeah. Well, I'll tell you that some of the best food comes from places like that. My sister speaks mandarin and I spent some time out there. Yeah, it's I mean it sounds like one of those places, I mean china is huge in that. It's got you know it's it's got so many different um uh pockets of traditions and societies and food, all of that kind of stuff. And some of these markets are just rich with you know raw spices and the freshest meat and the most gorgeous, you know bits of uh most gorgeous fish. And so how do you have? Yeah. So I wonder is it just is it present in all markets? Is it present
in a certain area?
Great.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay, totally changing the subject. But honestly in topic would you eat cricket flour?
No.
What what do you mean that meat is going to become this like we're going to start to understand how hugely environmentally impactful it is where insects have the same amount of protein but requires so fewer resources not to mention like
driving up insects is a little bit more stomach kable for a person who doesn't like the way that animals are treated. I mean, I still eat beef, I don't eat pork but I still eat chicken, you know?
Yeah. Well imagine saying that your cookies are like gluten free but filled with protein.
For half of your food to be protein. Yeah. You've been like caloric
quantity.
What?
Yeah. But half as in like calorically half or or like ounce for ounce. Okay.
Okay. Bye. Wait. All right. I dig it. Yeah.
From
Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Would you try to do
that's
that's blowfish sushi, but it's like a super poisonous fish that if it's, if you're the sushi chef cuts it incorrectly, you could die.
I don't know.
that's awesome.
See
Hey, good news that it was really nice. Starting with you. I'm Krista.
Thanks
to me.
All right. Take care.