Hey? What's up?
Hey?
What? Oh you know big giant storm coming through. So do
you hear anything that's what's going on?
I guess. I don't know what it is. Like I'm your buffalo. So I'm in new york. Well a little ways away. But it seems to be a stormy day for everybody.
Yeah. Can you hear it at all?
Can you hear it at all?
Like a,
I mean
This is my 3rd 1. So I've done a couple others.
Yeah. Oh not all. It sounds like you're, that sounds very isolated the way you described it.
Yeah. I got you. So you don't entirely work from home then so you don't have any office interaction or whatever you had before.
cool. Okay.
Bad.
I was gonna ask about that.
Can
you do it with the age group that you have the
True.
Kids,
Mhm.
Here.
Oh
I agree. So,
so to a degree, yes, so I'm a personal trainer. So I have people that are remote and I have people that are used to come and come to my little gym. Right? And obviously the people that were coming to me, they stopped coming to me and I converted who I could to like a remote thing. But as you could imagine, like it's not, you don't have quite as much that you can do. Like they don't have all the gear I have. Yeah,
The oldest one, she's 78. So like when you work with that age group, sometimes they don't remember every, you know, as well as they did when they were younger. And so it's more challenging. Like you explain things to them verbally and you have to kind of go through everything again. But you can't do like a hands on things so you can't you know, direct their body, you can't see all the angles because you have one camera. So you have certain challenges that make it more difficult than to sustain your client base or to recruit new people right? So it's been challenging but I do you know, I have enough to get by right now but that's about it. So yeah it's been kind of, it's been kind of rough for me too. I can definitely empathize.
So we do everything remote now so I will load up
like Skype or whatever they're familiar with because obviously like my older demographic, they have certain technologies that they're familiar with and certain ones or not and that's when they start obviously that's a challenge just to get them going. So I figure out like what technology they're comfortable with if I don't have it, I get it myself because it's easier for me to learn and then we utilize that in order to do remote training's over Skype or what have you. So that's kind of what I've been doing and it generally goes well, but again there's there's limitations so it has its own challenges and you know, it could be better if it wasn't for covid.
no,
no. Mhm.
I heard that.
No.
What's wrong?
Right. Yeah, I hear you on that. I mean it's a new thing to everybody. You know the scientists like when this all began, everybody wanted answers. But these guys, they just found it too, you know what I mean? So they have to figure out everything as they went and they don't understand like that. Okay, so one thing they don't understand like the long term effects and how it treats people differently, right? They just had their pool that they looked at. And secondly this thing is like changing as it goes. I hear there's different strands from different areas. Well, they act differently on people depending on if you got it from here, you got it from here like different countries, right? And all of its mutating too. So, you know, it's really hard to say like how you're gonna end up after all this
and if
people
are
back to normal, Yeah,
you're
not.
That's it's just so crazy. What do you think about the vaccine?
Okay. I'm kind of down the middle. It depends on the issue. Like some issues. I think this side has it wrong and the other issues, I'm like, I think you guys have it wrong and I think, you know neither side is you're correct on everything they think or wrong and everything they think that's kind of where I am.
Right.
Mm.
Yeah. I'm kind of in the same boat. I feel that I mean these guys have to interests right as politicians. They have the health of the community and they also have the economy, right? So they have to keep both in mind. And then there's the leading factor for most of them honestly, which is getting reelected. I can't go against the public interest even if it is in our best interest, health wise,
they
can't do
it early.
that's true. So given all that, they do need to rush us to a degree and I'm not sure if we're going to find something that happens to this guy six months later because he got it. That's kind of my concern is like the more the long term. Oh well you didn't see that in the studies because we only studied people for three months. We
didn't know after six months that you know whatever percentage it is, 5% of the population came down with X. So that's kind of my concern is it's just being rushed and I'm not sure that it's being thoroughly tested to make sure it's entirely good for everybody.
I've heard that.
Come on. Uh huh.
Right. Although to play Devil's Advocate, I agree with you but to play Devil's Advocate, how does the money pan out? Like are they getting enough money to cover all their costs? You know what I mean? Like do they just subsidizing it with that money and then charging us only a fraction because they need to make up some I don't know I don't have the money. Right.
Three.
I don't know what you're going for.
Okay. I know just saying no.
Well granted we do have the right person in office to possibly get that outcome. Now. I feel like it was trump. There's no way. You know, you know like I don't I don't feel like he gives a crap about anybody but himself. That's that's one good thing. You know on the pros and cons list that I think we have a better chance at that at this point. But well I mean maybe things are so emotion, it won't even matter anyway,
you know?
Yeah. So they're saying like the vaccine
isn't going to be a high percentage of being effective them.
Thank you.
Oh my God, you're so adding them together then.
Because otherwise you might have them so that they never end up getting it. Is that kind of what you're afraid of? Like they might
not just put it off for a little bit like you will, they might never get it and be part of the huge bigger problem then. Okay.
Thank
gosh.
Right. And they attribute that just based upon their current living conditions then?
I didn't know some of that. That's interesting. Now, here's something I don't know if you know this. So is the vaccine work as I understand a traditional vaccine working like they give you a small portion of the inactive virus and you make your own antibodies.
Right, because here's here's why I ask that because my concern is that and I have no problem with that. That's how most vaccines work from my understanding. But the thing is though, people are getting it again. So
if you get
we're getting over twice, so if you're getting it again and vaccines work just like your they trigger your normal antibodies to be formed right by giving you a portion of inactive virus. That would mean
that
you need more boosters than you would otherwise Years will wear off. So it's like this will be like a perpetual thing and like some of these people who are getting it within like three months so it seems like you need a shot of degree three months then you know.
They're just
slowly hearing as they go.
Well they there was the whole china thing that's what they say right It
wasn't like that that meat market and they don't take like health precautions there. It's very like you know medieval butchery if you will there's like the animals are out and slaughtered and you can buy the meat and it's just showing and they said it started there then a change but they're just guessing, you know what I mean? Like I don't feel like anybody really knows but that's like the suspicion is it started there in that non you know protocol following area that has so many issues with it that no wonder something bread they're like that's why they think it is because it's so unsanitary. But I don't know. You know I think that's just like they're educated guests. Mhm.
Yeah. Well I mean that's one thing that I kind of put a little bit of weight on. I'm like well if you guys recognize this, why are we putting pressure on china to like stop doing this? Like you know, clean up your place? Like don't don't allow these places to even if it came here or not, it's obviously been proven
to be unsanitary in a potential danger for our world.
So like we have, you
know, certain protocols just to make sure that people are safe.
Well, I mean I feel like china to they, I don't know. I don't see them as like a third world country, right? I feel like they could get their act together because they have like a thriving economy. They have a good stable government and its like can't you guys like get something together to be for the betterment of mankind? Like I don't know if the other countries that we would look at are as capable, you know, as china would be. There's clearly china china is a capable company. Their country, they have one of the best economies in the whole world, right?
So it's like you guys have the ability, you have the agility to make things better, but you just
choose
to have it as it's always bad, which is kind of a danger to everybody. So I don't understand why they can't, you know.
Yeah. It's like a tradition thing. I guess. They're just like the style and how the market runs.
No,
it's a very small area. I think they called it a wet market. Like it's a very small segment. It's nowhere near like all of china. It's just like down there, if you go around over there, there's a street known for this, right? It's kind of like one of those things. It's not it is not the common thing, exception. It's not like I'm not saying like china has, you know this everywhere. It's just just one section I guess that does this thing and they have like, it's like weird animals too. Like you can get things that you and I would never eat right,
Like these weird animals that they've, you know, decided to sell to people.
I try it. I try everything
now. Like as long as it doesn't sound like it's unsafe, I'm like, well that's not gonna hurt me, right? It's just a bug. So I try it, but I don't see why I'd ever go for it because
No.
Yeah. Yeah. You just try to reduce is what you do, I hear you. Yeah. I mean, I would definitely try it and I guess what I was going to say is like flour first off as a neutral item, right? It's not anything that I'm going to get a unique flavor out of it. I don't think it would be cheaper than normal flour because flowers so cheap to begin with. So I was like, why would I ever switch to that? That's one of my perspective on it now granted if you like took insects in just evolving what you brought up about, like substituting it for me and you made it something that's absolutely desirable. Like it tastes just the same and it cost the same then why the hell not? Right. It's just obviously flower just doesn't seem like something, I don't have a good reason to switch to it to begin with. But I definitely try it.
We'll see that that's appealing to me because like, one of my biggest rules is eat half of what you eat should be protein. That's why people are like, what's your biggest rule? And that's like saying what's the most important thing out of the entire encyclopedia, Right? It's very hard to give one thing. But I always say that I'm like, if you're going to lose weight, making half of what you eat protein and it's very difficult right now to do that with a non animal product. It's very hard.
you can do
it. So when it comes down to like grams, like I don't get into this with people because I try to make it simple. But half of what you eat should be protein. So you have
carbs, fat protein, alcohol, right? Half of it should be protein.
So come here. Okay, so add up your alcohol grams, your car grams, your protein grams and your fat grams. Half of those grams should be protein.
Yeah, The basic things. So I guess what I'm saying is like, we just need more options. We just need the science to evolve, right? Because like, it's so hard. Especially because like one of the biggest challenges of people
is they're just like, oh, I'm bored of eating this. You know what I mean? Everything to be like an adventure for them when they eat. And so it's really hard because like the protein options, like even if you give them the full menu, it's hard to get them to do it. Let's get take out me. You know, I just feel like we need to really evolve it more to make it mainstream because these people aren't like most people, right, They're not going to be able to do it unless science evolves, especially when you tell them what it is. There's some people that are just no matter what in their head, right. They're just like, it's bugs. I'm not eating fine for me. I'm just like, oh, if it tastes good and it's not going to hurt me, I'll eat it.
Was that I have no
idea.
I've heard of that man to do it for me, Right? The guy that served like thousands of people and then I would try it. Not like this guy, just like, yeah, I just learned this in school last year and I'm here now we do know, give me your grandpa just like, I don't trust that. But yeah, like the guy that served thousands of people, right? He knows what he's doing. I think I feel safe. So I need to have my first from the guy, right? Just to make sure that I'm not going to die. Uh huh.
yeah, I'm a big trier. Thanks. Okay.
Yeah. Hey, I got to run. I
got to, I got something like five minutes.
Yes, I'm James.
But
well, we need to kind of this thing, Right? We're allowed.
Right? You too. Bye. Bye.