Oh yes. Whatever. Long holiday. Hi,
how are you?
No.
Uh just winding down. No.
Oh it's friday. Where you want to are you like it's somewhere in the United States?
Oh, I'm at the other end. Mhm. In New Jersey. Yeah.
No
my
basis.
Yeah. What is it over there? Nice
time
marina captured. Oh okay. Three hours that's going, Are you guys like staying indoors? Yeah,
trump. That's great. In a way.
You got a good morning? Well I uh I'm pretty much just in limbo right now
to Briana's um
I I finished two years in med school and I have to take my license licensing exam but I can't seem to like get a date for it now because
not enough space and whatnot. So I'm just like everything.
After our 2, 2 years of clinical. That's it. Yeah. It's a never ending thing really thing.
It never ends.
What
are you doing?
Why
did you just friends? Yeah. After what are you studying?
Uh That's fun. Like you're majoring in that
what
you know it's really because I'm sitting home doing nothing you say? So I just picked up a job which I'll be starting on monday from home. But I've been looking into going like into um to research after the empty maybe or even now and over your lives you need to get like certifications for that. So I'm kind of like thinking is it worth it? But I think all the certifications together would cost around 5000 I think and about six months of work if you're dedicated. So I'm kind of weighing whether it's worth it doing that or not.
What?
I don't know. I'm not I'm asking you. Yeah.
I was looking at U. C. S. D. Yeah. So I don't know. I was like I need to talk to somebody who knows this better so what do we do? Um Because like you can work as research assistant, right? And I think that you can use that in lieu of having the certifications because then when you when you want to secure a job as a coordinator, they look to see, oh if if you've been a research assistant for like this much time, they're not necessarily asking you for the certifications at that point because they're like you can either have those or you can have the experience. But the issue is like I was looking at some job postings and it's like they're asking you for these certifications but then they're also asking you like a minimum of like one year in research. And I'm just kind of like you can't do you can't do these jobs without the experience. And like all of them require the experience, but where are you supposed to get it? Nobody hires you without experience, but like, you have to get hired to get that
even
just, I'm just like, you know, getting the exposure to research and even like research assistant jobs are asking you for experience and I'm just kind of like, that's the lowest tire you can get at. And it's, it's it's not like preferred it be like required. And I'm just kind of like, well where somebody supposed to get experience if they don't get hired. Yeah,
like,
like
I get at at CRC level right? At CRC level, it makes sense because like, if you want to be a coordinator at this point, they're usually asking for about three years of experience with research, but research assistant is the lowest tire you can get at. So to get that position, which is not even that high paying and it's like to get that position, you need experience, but that's the lowest where you can start with. So where am I supposed to like, where am I supposed to get experience with that, like Yeah, that's why I'm looking for a job with you guys so I can get the experience. You crazy. Yeah.
I
missed
my
super
fiesta.
It's,
you know
why?
Great
Because
yeah, I mean, it's sad like, like we're at the masters level and even that isn't enough. I feel like people are just getting too educated. Yeah, I told my mom like bachelors there's nothing these days, like every other person has a bachelor's,
it's
kind of
like the
new norm. Yeah, like in biology, biology, you don't, you have to go, you have to go pretty high up in Biology to get secure a job, like a master's. Biology is nothing, this is just starting out, it's nothing you have to go to the masters and PhD level to actually get a job in biology. Chemistry, chemistry, you're fine. I don't know about physics, but usually people in physics end up in engineering anyway, so but biology is one of those fields, you've got to go high up for a job on that one.
Oh I majored in religion and then I minored in Biology, but biology like I I just needed a few more credits to like have a double major, but by that time I just like, no that's what I did.
But
so I went to Rutgers and their um biology may like the major required a lot of credits. Like how many credits it was, it
was like you know the science majors usually are more credits than the other majors. So I, so I think the science, like my biology major was twice as many credits as my religion major, so doing twice as almost twice as many
credits. It was still conservative minor even though I had more credits in that than I had in religion, which was my major because, yeah, because the science ones required, you're like, you need to have more, like it's, it's a bigger portion to be considered a major in it. So technically like I definitely took more science classes that I just religion classes, but I was like at some point I was just like, okay, I'm done. I just because like I had the credit for it to be considered a minor. So I was like whatever. Honestly at the end of the day, who gives a crap three years later, I don't even like, you know, it's like, I don't even know anymore. You know, it's all very, um, and consequential in the future to be honest. A cool
ass
blue.
Nobody asked you what you majored in these days, like you're the first person to ask me that in a long, long time. You know,
nobody asked you this stuff afterwards, I'm telling us, where's your supplying for a job? And they didn't once ask me so much. Like we just throw money at these things for no reason
you do.
It's
just cam I'm trying to believe it. It's a scam. Oh
when
you're
is it like half,
how
much are you paying
in
parts ended? What about tuition? How much of your bill compared to normal?
And now,
no, I mean like with Covid Mr tuition, feel still the same.
That's ridiculous. And you're sitting home and getting your own resources. That's a great ball. That's messed up. How did you guys get like recorded lectures or the live lectures
income ingredient?
So a synchronous is what
like
their
pre recorded.
Yeah. And then like you kind of just do them at your own pace.
Yeah. Did you? Yeah, I'm asking that because I was looking at one of the certification websites and they were saying yet the classes are offered a synchronous but that's why it's like I remember seeing that somewhere.
It's
true.
That's true. But if it's synchronous and you're forced to do it, which is nice because then you actually do it when they leave it to you, then you talk to it, let's
be honest,
we all know that happens.
Well, I feel like that has limits lots of, wow
You
know I mean. No, no, I wasn't like that. Yeah, wow, looking back, I have so many regrets,
I could have done so much better.
Well I I have to do my licensing exam right, I have to take my step one. I can't get a date for it
because
you
don't
just
take it, you have to pass it to start working in the hospital. Well I can, I can do about six months without the exam, but what's the point? You know, like what if you get stuck in limbo after six months? So it's just like, let me no rush, you know, I got a job, I'll start that on monday and then we'll see how it goes from there because I have to move from my rotations to a different state. So I mean, I don't want to be stuck in the middle. Like, you know, you do like some rotations and now it's like, well that's the limit and you're just sitting there and I'm like, especially when they talked about shutting everything down again. Yeah, We're headed there a couple of months, we're probably gonna shut everything down again. Didn't you hear by the students and that they're going to shut down the country for 46 weeks?
Mhm. Danny. I wonder why does everyone want to be a person of president artwork and what you get out of it. We can have a discussion about it later. We get a mom who do the video food. Do they do whatever you want? Uh huh. But um All right. So like how bad is it where you guys are in California? Because I know it was really bad before.
Are people like still wearing masks?
People get out more or now
you guys don't have limits.
You know, like only 25% capacity or You know, things like that. Only 10 people allowed at a time.
Things
like that, no.
you can.
Yeah. No, no, not in houses. I'm talking about like businesses.
jake.
I think yesterday passed and not new york that um they even indoor gatherings like people's home. The limit is time people Yeah, the pasta yesterday I think they're headed towards closing schools again. I mean it wasn't like they were really open but whatever
little bit
we're open
here.
they opened um in new york but it's very very limited kind of opening. Yeah. And I think they're you know, whatever they did open, they're closing it down again in Jersey, in our district, the schools were set to open on monday and I'm not sending my kid because I'm like Bill um but I'm just kind of like people are closing them down
and you guys
are opening it, It's a scheduled opening. It's not like they came up with it on a whim, you know, they had it set that it's going to open on the 16, but I don't know how it's going to go now because now everybody is shutting things down again. And I mean like, like the opening and like it's just what two days a week? One day group A. Goes the second group, B goes then on Wednesday group A. Goes again and on thursday would be and then friday, everybody does it online. And on the days group is in school group, he does online, so it alternates right? But the day the kids do go in school is the only go in school for three hours. And I'm just kind of like that's a lot of work for just three. I just keep my kid at home and then you're taking a risk on top of that. so you're like, I don't know, it's just too much work. I'd rather just like,
keep him home and it's just easier rather than like get him up and ready and like, for what, like three hours and you're just
still taking a risk with his kids are kids every day. Like we have some like, we have limited opening, like they were doing it in phases, so like, there's something that we're open, like I get an email almost every other day, like, oh they identified somebody in this, you know, in this school and in this grade um who has like, covid and every like, you know, and they informed everybody around them that they have to stay home and quarantine. And I'm just kind of like, is it really worth it, is it really worth the hassle? You know? But yeah, I I see it like I see it being open for like maybe two weeks and then it'll close down. There's no way they're going to have like half the school in in school have the kids in school every day and not have issues. Like I know they're anticipating issues, but I don't think they're anticipating the amount of issues that it actually will be right now. They have super limited. Like they have uh they're letting
like kids with disabilities into classes because I have a friend who has like a slow child, I wouldn't say disabled, but like a slow kid, you know, gets like special classes and they're going to school,
you know? So like they started off with them first and there that that was like sort of their experiment group. And I'm like, just for like these little special populations, you have all these issues happening where every day you're getting an email that, you know, so, and so, uh, was identified and like now, you know, people around them were traced and they were told to quarantine. And so I'm like, yeah, that's just with a very, very small group. And now you're trying to put half of half the kids of every school in schools, every day on buses as well. That's not gonna happen. I'm just like, yeah, your system like I get it, you're making an effort, but it's just not really doable.
I think
the best option
is
just home. Yeah.
You
know, you can't, it's just not, I don't even if they were master touching each other, it's just not a peaceable option. And I understand like me as a mother, like I want them to go to school to like trust me. It's, oh, you know, it's like, all right. I love you, but to pray and it's just but at the same time you just like, is this worth it? You know what I think? I think I have a solution like I just thought of it instead of giving the money out to the school districts, they should give us that money for teaching our kids because even what really makes me mad? Do you have a kid in the house? Somebody who's doing virtual learning in the public system now? Right, okay. Ours is like plain ridiculous. Right now. They have they're doing half days and they're getting breaks every like 5 10 minutes because the idea is they don't want them sitting in front of the computer screen too long so it doesn't damage their eyes and stuff like that, you know? And I'm like what, first of all, you're only teaching these the kids only have half a day. So From 9:00 to 1:35, then they get a half an hour break in between. So it's not even 4.5 hours. It's actually four hours now. Account into those four hours. These kids are getting breaks. I kid you not, Not a one minute break, not a two minute break, like 10 minute breaks start to Every like 15, 20 minutes. There is no learning happens. And it makes me angry because I don't know why our district is doing that way because everybody else is actually having full day schools virtual. Our school, our district decided let's do half days virtual.
Yeah, I think everybody is half days. I have no clue. I'm assuming it's because they don't want them sitting in front of the screen for eight hours a day, Which is crazy because these kids when they come, you're like, let's be honest like it's not my kid, everybody like there in front of the electronics all day anyway because their parents are working after that. So they give them electronics to work. You know, they're going to be sitting in front of them regardless. You might as well give it to them to do something good, you know? All these teachers are getting paid and I'm kind of like, yeah their work is hard. I'm not kidding because I watch sometimes and listen and the poor woman says one thing and like one kid got it and then the other 19 weren't listening and she She repeats herself over and over and over it. Sometimes it takes up to 30 minutes just to get everybody on the same page, you know? But that being said, I feel like they should have lot some of that money to us because if
not that like
they should decrease property taxes this year. They really should.
No.
Yeah. I mean it's not easy because the kids just turn off their cameras and half the time she's just yelling at them to turn their camera back on or they're just sitting there pretending to do something and they're not actually doing it. It's it's not bad. The kids are what they are, they're lost almost a year of schooling at this point. Has this started happening? What in March? Right
early March? Yeah, they've been closed since March. Mm Okay.
I don't know.
I'm trying to do my best to keep up with it at home. You know we do extra stuff and but
it's
still not
the
same
thing
because you lose interaction.
Yeah, that's true. Maybe in the summer they could do classes outside. We've got parts everywhere. Why not get like those johnny on the spot's for them and start doing that is outside. I don't know, they're gonna have to figure something out. But I definitely believe that they should decrease property taxes for this year because the property taxes go mostly toward a big portion of that goes to our schools and the schools haven't been used. I get a teacher salaries need to be paid, but they should probably be getting paid for the hours they teach, not full salaries because that's not fair,
you
know?
Yeah, because like it's not our fault that you guys are doing half day schools. You never asked the parents what, you know, if you should do half day or not, you guys took because everybody else is doing full days. I don't know why our district is doing half days. I have no clue like why Danny told me once wrong. It's got too much screen time is not good for us. Yeah, I know, but you all are spending screen time right after you come off of those laptops. Look, you've been sitting on that thing since 3:00, but that's what he said. Yeah. Okay. Well they're just delusional.
I'm
gonna try to limit it, but I had to go through so much orientation stuff for my new, uh, my new job that it's just like I had to keep him busy doing something. So my brother just got married over the weekend and his wife went back to her, her family to stay for a couple of days and
we literally got nothing done because, you know, he just got married over the weekend and then her family was over and stuff like that. And it's just like I needed him occupied so I can get some work done, especially when I'm starting a new job on monday and I have just a job on monday please. I am having a conversation with somebody else.
No.
And um it's just I have so much orientation and documents and everything to send over and like I need him to do something. So I gave him the game today even though he doesn't get it unusual. Like he doesn't get it till the weekend usually. So
Excuse me.
yeah, we do reading a night. Yeah. You weeks, weeks. It's just it's just an odd day. So I could have gotten things done because you know when you get somebody new in the house, it's just, it was
so much high energy going on
that
like nothing was getting, nothing
got done. It's like I had
so
much to do. Crazy. Like the house was
dirty,
I was dirty,
my room was dirty, everything was dirty. There was so much online stuff I needed to do. It's just yeah well I'm pretty caught up now so that's good.
I think our time is up. No almost.
to
every time I do the survey I think you might be the 3rd 1. This this survey opens up like I think once a month or something. Right?
Yeah because I've done the same one like two times before. How many times have you done it?
you
can you can do to within the same cycle.
Yeah. I think they increased it from four. Yeah. No you're my third one in the last cycle when I did well I missed my appointment the last appointment which was like saturday or sunday. I thought it was monday so I missed that one and I rescheduled it with you the last cycle though I had an appointment and the person never showed up
but I
didn't know that you could reschedule it. I didn't know you could reschedule it. So I sent it to him and I said can I reschedule? And he sent me the link where I could redo it. Yeah that's okay. All right. I think we have reached the limit. Was nice talking with you.
Happy studying.
Goodbye.