Well good afternoon,
I'm doing good. How are you doing?
Well, my name is Tim Isha what's your name?
Joni Nice to meet you
Knoxville Tennessee,
where are you from?
That's awkward because yesterday
my chat person was from Georgia. Uh huh. She was from she was from Athens.
Yeah she was going to the college down there so,
Yes ma'am. Yeah. So from Nashville you're about two hours out from Knoxville. Okay.
Mhm.
Yeah from your Nashville you can get from well from Knoxville to Nashville, it depends on how much you got your foot on the pedal. You can you can do about an hour and a half to two hours. Mhm.
take a break. Uh huh.
It's
gonna be cold. So do you do these shots pretty pretty often?
So
are you are you doing this to the to the survey? The pro
pro Well if it's all right, so how often are you doing?
This is
my second two. And then yesterday my conversation I don't think I'm gonna get company uh get paid for. Um We talked for 30 minutes and you know after you end your conversation you go into that question mary. And the first question was how long did you wait for your partner to come online? So I put zero minutes because when I log in she was there. So so I put zero. So when I put zero it automatically said that I was having technical difficulties and it didn't let me go further with my question eri so and then I did not get paid for it yesterday either. So I emailed yeah and nobody has responded back to me. So hopefully they will because I mean I really put my effort into that call yesterday.
Oh oh so they're out this weekend?
right.
So
what so what do I need to do when that first question comes? What do I need to put there? Yeah
it's the very first question and I said tailbone did you wait to your partner came to the to the chat? It's the very first question and it says put it in minutes and I had put zero and then when I put it in zero it went to the next thing. It says your
partner did not show up on time. You had to decline the meeting. Um It had like six different options and I put other and I told them I explained the situation that we had our full conversation. Did nothing happen.
Unless I unless I read it incorrectly.
So did you recall your first question? Been putting in something in minutes?
And
I know. I'm always try to take my time just go around.
All
Arlene.
All
Yeah, I really like this this this uh this setup, how they got it here.
You can do other ones besides this one.
Which one were you? Right next after this one.
Far as far as ones that that you get? Um as far as the ones that you know gives you surveys often and pays you well.
Who
because I've been trying
to look for some more surgeries to do to try to make some more extra money. Yeah.
hmm.
Hi.
Good notebook area.
I noticed that too. If you don't have the, the name, exact name, the number as you said, you know, you have some issues.
It's
So
I wrote that. So I wrote that one down branded survey. You got any other, anyone's on the top of your head that you can recommend
you support me doing the survey. You all come. Mm.
This is what it's about. This is a 25 minute chat. It's mhm.
And that's when I download it last night and I don't want to do it.
I had downloaded it and then my first couple um easy survey surveys, they were like, you know, down to earth surveys, like really easy ones and one was worth the dollar and one was like, we're 10 cents. And when I got to like 90% of it, they just disqualified it like
no,
the big,
Yeah.
Yeah. Can you go,
come on. Let's eat me.
You should MSR she here? Okay.
Six.
Okay.
No, I haven't been there.
Oh, sorry. Police. Okay.
You mean
got you.
Because
your information.
Well,
that's it.
That is wanted to know your business and then don't even do any type of surveys.
All
Well,
Well,
And
No,
I'm sorry.
This
What do you think about sweat books?
So uh,
Right. Yes. Why books? I've been doing that for pre so often here lately. I think for the last two months they had me, um, bandit from gold surveys and uh, I don't understand why in ghost surveys, just where the big points are at. And uh so I'm thinking about deleting them as
well because there's nothing I can do.
I've been waiting I've been waiting three weeks we get somebody to return um uh to reach back out assuming they haven't
yet, so.
took me forever just to get up to the 1st $30
Check.
Yeah I work and I'm uh yeah basically I work at a call center customer service rep.
Yeah I work at uh I don't know if you ever heard of them dial America.
Yeah they uh they work with several different clients. Uh They have Norton security serious exam, yeah, so I've been with them for the past three years um but you know, you know you never get enough money So I've been trying to make some extra money on the side, especially with this covid.
I'm working from home at this point.
Do not.
What?
What?
Yeah, it's uh it's very, what's the word I'm looking
for? It? You
Okay. Very stressful. Mhm.
That's very even much so not good at all.
Two.
Then, and then like you said, you never know who you're gonna talk to on the other end. You can get some sweet little people. Then you can get some rude, rude rude people and but you still got to keep your demeanor
well,
who?
Oh my goodness,
It's,
You want to stay on the phone with him,
It's chilly. Um It's real gloomy out today. Um I expect more range sometime today
like right now are y'all are we at the same time?
Yeah we're eastern. Um So right now is the most 1 30 it looks like it's still seven o'clock outside. Yeah it looks really blew me and
What
hurricane? Yah,
I think it's uh Delta,
I think
it's just the district around
who?
and it's so much of a disaster that these people have to evacuate and go through all of this with hurricane then Covid on top of its like
you took
place
you will burn you up.
Yeah.
How stupid. Right.
Big chance.
You think I got
that
Yeah.
Do you are you really political
me either? But what you think about the president having? Covid?
That's
excited
Big. Yeah, I was scared of the vaccine.
Oh yeah plenty plenty of it.
That's right. That's
N. G.
That's yeah.
Oh well where do you get
those at?
To keep,
Is there a certain, is there a certain website if you're going to or you're just google and focus groups?
most
washed.
What?
I ain't never done one of those.
That was,
that's
More.
Yeah.
As soon as we get out here on my google focus groups to see what I can come up with
the Chester's.
it's not
one muscle
in fact that's okay. Should
investment?
okay. How do you
spell that?
Two
did you say? Elliot? Vincent? Okay.
What
Oh my goodness.
burst and big products.
Oh wow.
A. O. Groups?
Thank you.
The U. S.
drinkers
even there?
Yeah
Second point.
the research Lindsay
M. A R.
A. K. And
the lenses the L. I. N.
S. D. E. Y. So research Lindsay Merck
that's more money. Well I do
appreciate your assistance and it was really good talking to you.
You
Yes ma'am. And that said I forgot johnny johnny okay.
right
I appreciate that. When
it was good
talking
to you
you do the same.
Bye bye.