Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh man. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. You know something? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
Hi, how are you?
Pretty good. Pretty good. Welcome.
Joanie,
nice to meet you too. To Misha, I'm gonna judge your name down so that I can keep a track of all the people I've talked to where you live.
Oh, I love Tennessee.
Um I live in Georgia now, but I used to live in Kentucky.
No
uh that's not too far from where I live. Yeah.
I used to go to Nashville with my mom when she was alive to uh go visit places and see music and stuff like that. So yeah, I don't know if I ever went to Knoxville per se, but I do love, you know the people in Tennessee are real nice, so.
okay,
I don't it seems further than that, but oh
we don't travel much but we do go visit his uh his mom until Kobe came along, we went to Minnesota, blew up there to see her and she just turned 90 this year and we didn't get to go because of the virus. So yeah, but we're planning on going next month so we can kind of help her, help his sister out, let her have a chance to take a breather.
So I'm looking forward to it. I'm not looking forward to being in the Minnesota in november, but you know it
is what?
I do. Um I just found them this last summer but um I really enjoyed it. I mean it's just I get to meet nice people and talk and make money at the same time, so it's
all good.
prolific.
Well the last session they had was gosh, I can't remember what month I want to say june or july, how did you two talk to four people at the most and then they started it again here in october and you can talk up to six so maybe four times a year, this is just my second chance, you know and this is my conversation this time. So I talked
to
Sure yeah, they're they're real good about that. I know that there they had a message on the message is that they're not monitoring the site and stuff this weekend so they'll get to you as soon as they can on monday I'm sure.
I forget what they didn't know if they said that technical or was you know, up maintenance or anything like that, but they just said they wouldn't be monitoring. So um so yeah
they'll they'll you know be able to figure it all out because they're real
good about
well I'm not really um
You.
Um You know I don't know because that doesn't sound familiar to me. I remember the first one is being um they were there and we had our conversation it all went fine. I don't remember it being how long did you have to wait for your partner? So uh
maybe I don't know. Um But yeah I don't recall that in a wording. Um
No I don't recall that at all. I just uh there was one down further you know that said how long did you talk? But I was never asked a question about how long did you have to wait? So there may have been a question before that that maybe we didn't answer right
or was not worded correctly or something. Uh
yeah, and you know, if you have another issues, tell them maybe, um, like screenshot it or um, you know, try to highlight it or something to get the wording exactly and say this is what it's saying, and this is the situation of what happened. They can maybe, you know, look, investigate and see if it's something that just you're you're having on your end or if it's something that, you know, a few people are getting or you know, like that they're real, real reasonable. I mean, I was telling the girl yesterday when I was talking to her, I had uh started like about a year ago in june and I had accumulated some money and I redeemed it and I forgot about it because I didn't realize you had to like uh accept it when they send it to you because
of the money you're you know frank's and stuff whatever.
I mean british pounds. And so I forgot, well then like in june almost a year
to the day I went back and found that and I thought well I can say goodbye to that because if they're like other survey places, they won't give it to me and they gave it to me without a question. I mean it was so I said I'm a nice thank you too. I said mostly survey places, you have to really argue with them to get your payment. Uh And a year later, you know. No problem. So their their king in my book.
me too.
Not as far as chatting, but I do probably Gosh, 50 different servant companies. Um.
gosh. Well. Uh huh.
Well, Brandon surveys are pretty good. Um
Brandon brand branded. I'm sorry I wouldn't say that right. B. R. A. N. D. E. D. Surveys
now
with them. You want to be careful and take your time because if you rush through it they'll you know flag it and they won't they'll say you don't qualify. Um You also want to uh what I do before I start each and everyone and I do this with other surveys anymore because they don't give you like an opportunity to capture the survey number or what it's about and the points of the time. And that's the first thing they'll ask you when you know you want to like argue a point like in a
so I may I highlighted and I. Uh
copy right click and copy it and then I put it in a little um like a
little notebook area. and then um, if I have an issue, I can go right to that. And then if it's in that particular survey and you can't find that information anywhere because it disappeared, then you got, you got it to argue. So I uh
and and some of them, they, there's one, I forget the name of it, but it flashes all that information for for about two seconds, maybe not even that long and it's barely enough time to cut and copy it. So, so that's really, that's sitting behind the eight ball right there because you can say I gave it to you and you can say, well, you know, I trusted you to give me my money and I didn't get it. So it's a kind of a little things you gotta learn about it. But I mean a lot of them that it's not just outright a lot of surveys constantly, many
of them are just like being in groups for like beauty products and this and that where you just get a little bit here and there. But you know, while I'm, while I'm doing it because it's kind of my job, I'm retired disabled to kind of my job, so I just go ahead and anything I can enter in, anything I can do to, you know, kind of even if it's 10 bucks a month, it's more than, you know better than nothing. So, so I enjoy
it.
Let me look at my phone here real quick.
Uh
quick. I'll give you some warning, quick thoughts. Is one that a lot of people have issues with these days. Uh
I mean because many, many times they'll it's the thing where they don't give you a survey number whatsoever anywhere and they'll say something you know there was issues and you can't ever argue with them and get anything and then like me they they still only about $40 because they just suddenly banned me. And they did a major sweep this whole summer abandoned people because people were people were even going to the better Business bureau about them so I would just not even bother with them.
Yeah that's that's something
yeah I wouldn't even bother with him now.
M. S. Let's see here. It's called mm
trying to find the full name of it. I have it as uh MSR on my uh
you
might be able to just look it up MSR but I can't even find the name of it here. Uh
They're not you know big payment and it's not very often but it's it's a little something you know maybe once or twice a day
like I said better than nothing. Um
And I mean so many that I don't have on my phone. Um opinion champ is not too bad. But do you ever go to survey police? Great
place to start because they'll give you reviews, they'll give you contact information and phone numbers for the all these places and you can read the reviews and then kind of give you an idea what you know you're giving kind of a uh outlook about okay, are they pretty decent to deal with or not worth your trouble?
Uh Yeah that's that's who I go to. If there's any place that you get like um unsolicited emails about surveys and things because you probably will because they're going to say your name everywhere. Then
always look it up there that way you don't know what voice and your time and it's legitimate or not. Uh
You know when I first started out I was like I was really excited about making a little extra money but I was so leery about I'm giving
out
lot. Yeah. And uh you know there's there's one that actually I got a solicitation for it. I can't tell you the name of it. But I looked at survey police and it said they asked like maybe 50 questions and some of them were just weird abstract, not you
know, pertaining
to anything. And they said and then they after that they didn't get any surveys or anything. So you know it was like they wasted all that time and didn't get anything. Um It just sounded really tricky to me. So I thought no I'm not you know not going to worry with that. So. Exactly.
And I know a lot of them, the ones that frustrate me or like they might give you may be branded survey does it? Sometimes they may give you like one point when you've answered, but you can go in and and like at the very bottom you won't notice that at first. But at the very bottom there's a report uh survey, you can
go in there and and uh
say like they ask you 20 questions and they didn't, you didn't qualify or you got in my case. Even if I got a couple of points, I still argue it. But if I answered a bunch of questions
and didn't get qualified or there was a tech issue, I still
go in there and say look tech issues your issue, late qualification. I gave you a lot of information. I should get something. And generally they'll give me, you know, a few points and if I go through a whole survey and finish and it doesn't work
then
many, many times they will go ahead and give me the points. But you don't, it never hurts to ask. I don't feel like you can't because if there's
any opportunity in any way to to reach out to them do it because they can't, you know, as long as you're not belligerent and mean about it, then, you know, it can, you know, there there can be, even in the best of surveys, there's some that, you know, just fall through the cracks and you do everything you're supposed to and it still doesn't work right? Get benefit out. But yeah, I got worried. You know, I was thinking, I'm losing all my time and I should have some kind of uh, you know, where I can feedback and everything. And then I started doing that with all of them as much as I could. That's why I was saving all the information um that I can get no matter what the survey is. Just um
I quit on swag books. I mean because it was maybe I was going too fast back when I used to do it, but I gave up like maybe a year ago because I was not qualifying for anything and it was like uh I think tell what it's like $30 before you can even request uh catch up.
And so that one is another one. I wasn't qualifying very often. So what I do is every time I get an email that's like two points from tell what then I just uh go to the bottom and click the button that I did, I got the email and then it gives me two points. So you know it's nothing but it's better than nothing,
You
know you might you might reach out and say, you know, can you explain this to me? But there you know,
you
know and sometimes here's another thing about police survey, survey police, sometimes the companies will go on there and they'll say we're really sorry can you contact us again or in this manner you know here's a phone number or something. So you might go on there and get a review and see if anybody else is having that kind of experience and stuff. They may reach back out to you through that or their facebook page. Sometimes I try that if I'm having issues uh let's see what is something else I was gonna tell you. But yeah swag books I should probably give it another chance. But it just it just got where it was taking too much time and oh,
I know what it was you were saying that they banned you um from certain types see less. You know this last summer, that quick thoughts. It just went through and band a bunch of people and their reasoning was uh you broke the rules and then sometimes these places will say because you have two accounts with us which is a no, no. And I never had two accounts within, you know them or anybody else. So that's you know, it's kind of like how can they say that? I think it should be monitored better and police better by by an agency because you know how can they just take my money and say you did this slap me on the wrist and I'm out and you know, I should be able to get last funds because I think they're earned honestly. but you know, just happens. Um
But you know as far do you work anywhere or anything?
I used to do that. That's how I met my husband.
No, not ever heard of those.
Absolutely. Are you still able to work like from home or do they?
when I did that, you know, so many people think that call centers jobs are easy.
Everybody should have to do it. Everybody working customer service, retail and a call
center, all centers, they have no idea how hard it is. I mean, I worked at one for one for four years, one for like two, another one for like six months. But I had a lot of experience with them and it's like some of the hardest. I'd rather work any other job. I think they work that anymore. Um I mean because it's just, you know, you never know what kind of person is going to be on there and they're all wanting something for nothing and and they don't do their part
but they want to complain because they don't have, you know their service isn't right or something. I don't it was just hard, it was hard work. Um
stressful,
stressful, stressful.
if you get a manager that doesn't back you up. Uh
Yeah I had
a few of those two but uh.
yeah. That's the hardest
part. I
have been. Um uh somebody called one time and they didn't they didn't they weren't a customer. I don't guess. I don't know what the problem was. But they said they were going to tie me up and raped me and kill me.
They hadn't even said hello. Like you don't know we we activated phones in one of the places I worked where I met him and I had people, you could hear him throwing up on the other end. They were activating their phone while they were in the bathtub. I mean just crazy. Some the worst one was one guy called around christmas because we were is like a prepaid pay as you go phone and he bought six of them and he had them all wrapped and under the tree already. And you know, we have a call time and he's and uh, he wanted to activate them. Well, you have to physically touch the phone and put the phone number in and make sure it works and do test calls. I just like,
it blew my mind. I mean I was just, I wasn't supposed to, but I did say, well, you know, I'd explain what you have to do. And I said, can you please call us back after you've unwrapped him and got him ready and he said no problem. Um But that really wasn't supposed to do that was supposed to stay on the phone I guess for the next three days and help him. But
well I mean that would have been it would have been a long long time. But yeah you know they would have expected me to whether he had if he was ready you know or not. Um We had people call on the phone itself and I guess the box didn't say what the box. No I'm sorry the box did say call from another phone and they'd say I don't have another phone. Well you're out of luck because we have to program this one and we can't continue a phone call where we program it. No I mean it was just so many things but um I don't like being disabled but I sure don't like that kind of work anymore. So what kind of weather you have in there? Is it like us kind of chilly now?
We're
I'm on Eastern.
We got sunshine here, we've got sunshine here. We had like a whore and rain all night and then really heavy this morning about five o'clock um From the
and I guess that's
I don't even know what name it is now I'm lost track.
That sounds right that
you
know they said they ran out of names so they're starting to do the greek alphabet now. So
I mean when I saw the I think it was like a couple of days ago and they they're not even talking about these other ones, but there was like five of them on the coast and stuff and like it was just crazy. I mean I've never seen anything like that before. Yeah
I know and like the people that are having to relocate
because the fires and stuff I mean you know wow. Um I feel so sorry for him. Um What they're not doing though is um the um environmentalists don't want them like clear cutting and cleaning up the um floors of the forest and stuff because they want to protect the uh
environment. But that's not helping them because it gives them more fuel for for burns.
so that's one reason that fires are more you know prevalent now and harder to fight because there's more fuel out there. So in the last this one I don't know if you heard it was because of a baby reveal party. Yeah
they had like a firecracker or something and they're out there having this party in this forest and then they set the forest on fire. I don't know what they're gonna do with them, but I know that there's heavy fines involved, so it's like, oh how stupid, you know?
Yeah, I mean, I don't know if anybody's been killed or not, but there's always that possibility.
Yeah. Uh they have to call that baby, like what's the god of fires name?
It's
awful for me to say I'm silly, I'll have to look that up. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm. Mhm. Um No, not too much. Um
Well, I think it's sad, but I think it proves that anybody can get it whether, you know, you're careful or not, but I do think that a lot of people aren't being as careful as they should be because there's still a lot of people around here that are having gatherings and stuff and not wearing masks when they're in the stores. Um I don't understand why people are getting killed over it. Um Because it's not really, I mean it's it's just common sense to me uh that you know it's gonna keep germs from being spread. And the social distancing is you know, not a good idea to because you know when they when they like we're keeping everybody at home and the mask and stuff, people were not, it wasn't spreading like it is and they let people out and to go do what they want. It starts getting hotter and heavier
and you know uh Lord knows how soon they will have a vaccine. And uh then I'm kinda I'd like to get the vaccine but I worry about you know
if it's yeah,
I got my flu shot the other day. Me and my husband and my doctor asked him about it and he said he thought they would have in a vaccine maybe in the first quarter of next year. Uh And him being a great doctor, I think that's probably about right. Uh But I hope it's free because these pharmacies make enough money off of everybody. Uh
I'm you know older and everything and I have to take a pill for everything. So the more I can save, the more I like it. I like to spend my survey money on me.
My husband though, I don't think you know at first he thought but I mean like when I make a couple 100 bucks doing something then it's really helpful. We had
car breakdown. Uh
Let's see recently. The brakes went out like a few months ago and I had just made $400 which was really exciting and doing a focus group. I don't know if you do those but if you get a chance just
you
just search for focus groups. Um And they you know like you uh just answer the surveys and stuff. And what I do is I uh any chance I have I have my notifications set up on my my laptop. So I know when I get an email and as soon as you answer the better because there's so many people interested
but you know you answer it and then you may get called um and then you sometimes do it like uh where there's other people or you may just do a one on one conversation over the phone. Um But yeah I made 401 time. 300. 1 time I just did one the other day for 50 and another one the same day for 75 which is you know it's kind of like uh.
Um I googled focus groups and there's um like focus group dot com I think is one of them that I. Uh use. But I don't
know if they're on police uh survey police or not, but you can check but um you know it's
not a guarantee by any means and they and they try to limit people to like once every three months but it's kind of feast or famine because they'll go for a long time and not have any and then I'll go and I'll have two or three at one time. So.
But it's so nice, I mean just a big chunk of money at once, but I usually only try to do the ones that are more like $100 or more. Um It's not you know I'm not eliminated out of the rest of them over 50 bucks. So um but the other on all different kinds of topics um Different, you know male or female ages, um All kinds of stuff. Um Well
I loved it when I first found it, but anyway we'll get back to the car then my husband like we we got it covered but he just hated the idea of being because we just got the credit card paid off. And so I said well you know that 400 is not doing anything, I already have everything I need, so I'll put it in the bank and I did make me feel good that you know like we can have extra stuff like uh we have to buy a water filter for refrigerator every six months and that's 50 bucks or something and I can get that no problem. Um Keep a running tab because a lot of places give you that amazon gift cards and so uh you know $10
here, $50 or $20 there or whatever and I get my balance built up and then we get there's something we're needing or wanting, we can get it and not have to worry about it coming out of our limited income.
It just makes me feel good to be able to contribute to the household sense of disabled because there for about a year or something, I just, you
know, sit around and I didn't have anything to do and didn't have any way to make money and and I found them found this and I was like wow, you know, this has been, I wish I'd started sooner. Um So yeah,
check out the focus groups, you'll there really, you know, a real good way to make big money fat.
Let me see if I can find there's one good thing my mail real quick um uh
Because there's one that I get called by quite a bit, but you do want to be like really quickly answer back. So that's why I have my uh notifications on when I'm doing anything. I'm a computer. Then I know it my mail because
I used to kind of just worry about, you know, like well when I see one I'll just do it. But then when I started getting on them so much quicker than
uh come on, sorry.
And
I also got where anytime I answer when I put a little flag next to it, so then I know it's strictly just a focus group. Yeah. And then uh if they get me then I can. Okay, Elliot Benson Research
is
E. L. L. I. O. T. T. Benson
B. E. N. S. O. N. Uh
Research study in this particular one is a product product market research. Which I've done a lot of product research. I've got a I got a brand new Dyson vacuum cleaner. Like
to you. Yeah, for testing it, I got a carried coffee maker.
I know that this is, you know, not all the time, but I mean two big things pretty much right off the bat. It was very, yeah.
Okay. So this one was a 30 minute interview. It was back on the 13th to the 15th, paid 100 and $25. Um, It was for adults across the country. And what you want to do is make sure and just search for ones that can be done online. Because unless you have a facility near you, you know, which I don't, you know, it wouldn't behoove me to spend $100 in gas to go to the Atlanta, you know, to get paid 200. So I always just do the ones that you can do online and then it gives you the link and stuff. So um. Yeah,
I mean that's exciting. Okay here's one called AO Groups
and this was an alcoholic beverage product. Uh study it was for 21 years older. More 2100 and $25. And there were several days that that was available. So basically like if it says for say you're a pet owner, then it's probably gonna try to, it's going to give you information about a pet product and see what you think about it. And if you would buy it. Or like some surveys, you know, you'll see a commercial and they want to know what you think about it. Um Which those are kind of cool because you get to see it before it comes on television. Okay, here's a good one. K. 80 K.
A. T. I. E. At field goals. Like a football field goals dot us. Uh
And this was a virtual focus focus group 45 minutes. Um Let's see. It was about finances and personal lending. So sometimes even if you aren't sure if you're if you qualify, it doesn't hurt to go ahead. Like if it says for alcoholic and maybe you don't drink or alcohol, maybe you don't drink, but sometimes they do want people that are that are not, you know
that
like say I just did one for smokers the other day and I quit smoking like six years ago. That was the $50.1. So yeah just you know, kind of uh use
your own judgment. But um I did one for a couple for video games that paid pretty good. And then I got to keep the game on my phone and now I'm addicted to it. Yeah, here's a researched Lindsay mark, um
consumer research project, um $75. And it gives you a link and it's uh it's just for consumer research. So. But yeah, you know, just
uh oh I'm sorry I lost it, lindsey Merrick, M. A. R. A. K.
A. K. U.
And
uh hold on. L. I. N. Uh S. D. E. Y. Yeah,
so um and then facebook, that's a great place to try to find them. Just just punch in focus groups and then you'll uh and then when you go to the group itself, it, well, I would say generally all of them are going to give an option to look just for online. So then you're not, you know, like I said, you may have some places there near you, but if you don't have to, if you don't have to drive and that's all the more money. So
But,
well, it's nice
talking joanie,
to mention a lot of luck with your surveys and stuff and uh, hope they pick you for things because you may have different, you know, um, uh,
you know, uh, your different age and different race of course and you know, uh, economic and everything else. So you may get picked for more than I would have. So, uh,
you're
very
welcome.
Good talking to you too. You take care. Okay,
operate.