Oh
whatever
I'm Rebecca
I thought I thought they were going to give us something to talk about.
thank you and stuff,
it's good, I just woke up for this, so
I live in Chicago. Yeah,
Um It's kind of cold, it was raining yesterday, apparently it might look snow in some places as if things were bad enough already.
It's
like
yeah, been somewhat cold front And the 3rd 1. Yeah,
certain
I just turned 22.
You go to school or as you work
certainly.
I just graduated, I just finished this week. Yeah. What's your
degree in?
Okay, biomedical engineering.
I actually want to just work in biology. I figured out like engineering is like cool but it's a lot of math and I just like the bio side of things. Yeah,
yep, it's going but unfortunately I'm applying to like universities and stuff to work in their labs
and they're closed right now,
like I'm not allowed to be research or anything, so
first
I heard it's hard to get a job with just like the bachelors and psychology.
I'm
kind
of
having that problem too, it's like really hard to find something with just my bachelor's and everything I actually wanted to need to feel.
that's what I'm trying to do because I don't want to go to grad school right away because and
my grades
weren't
um actually had to move because I could move off campus, I could return a pendulum which is
purpose
one apartment which is exciting.
Um So we technically could have stayed for the summer, but um my boyfriend like wasn't allowed in the house and I wasn't allowed in his house, it's really like alright this like we're just going to move so we can both like it's fine.
You have any tests?
What
kind
of
dog
is it?
fire.
Uh
No, I when we're on campus there was a cat that followed my boyfriend home and so we were like a cat but she turned out to be chipped so we had to return her and
we really
want to get a cat. But the celebrates here are only doing like virtual adoptions right now and we want to like, I want to pet the cat at minimum before I bring home.
I guess you're just supposed to be like this one and take it
home,
but
it wasn't, that's why
it's too scary for me.
Um I've only lived here for college and from Minnesota so I wanted like a big city and I really like Chicago. There's just always stuff to do. Um Yeah, there's like we have like broadway in Chicago with his fun and a ton of good food places.
Uh huh.
Kind of
heard
that.
Come on.
Yeah. So it shows you what
funny.
Okay. That's
not a costume.
it's
like it's bad, but I keep watching it because like it's still great, but it's like so it's not as good as it used to be, basically.
Yeah. My favorite of all time was lexie and it's
been so long since lexie was alive. So
Beat me.
Yeah. I like Feinstein.
I just finished the good place.
Well,
I mean,
what's all that?
Okay. Oh, I should cry so much.
It's a thing.
I won't
say anything.
But like
So
I was
Right. So do not cut up on grace. Does that mean you don't watch station 19?
Yeah, neither do I. I just want everything online.
Um there are a ton of websites watch series, like 1, 2, 3 movies has every movie foot locker. I don't know what I'm saying this because it's recorded, but I I also like know how to come in, so, So
yeah. For legal purposes. This is a joke.
Yeah. We're joking. Yes.
Station 19 is better than greatest now. So, in my opinion.
Okay.
Yeah, that's not I don't have time like
I barely have time to keep up with grades like struggling.
Um I think we played a couple of months. I've had it longer, but my wife, I was like blacklisted or something and I had to get it white listed and I didn't
figure that out for so long. And so
I thought
I
just wasn't getting surveys and I was like, wow, this sucks. And then once I finally figured it out now, like I said like $100.
Look, I like talking to people.
Um I don't summer the most even though it's too hot.
Um Not super like, you know in the
middle
of summer, but it can get really hot.
I
don't know.
Yeah. I feel like my opinion might change when I start like working because as a kid it was always somewhere because there was no school.
So you're going to turn 23?
Good?
I think 23 will still be good for me because it's my golden birthday. So
maybe
they can you feel it?
again?
I did have a pretty fun um like video call. Let's get started.
it
was weeks ago. Yeah.
Yeah. And we played,
I don't know if you've ever played with jack box games
there, so basically like one person just has to own them. Um and they like do it on the computer and then everyone
else
can use like their phone and it's hard to explain because there are a bunch of different caves, but basically they're all interactive fun.
What?
Yeah, we started like right at 10:30. Yeah. Mm,
Mhm. Do you play video games?
Work?
I
play
like the sims. I don't really play like students. Um
That's
like
the main screen.
I do. I have animal cross game.
It's a super like freeform games. You can really do whatever you want, but you were like harvest fruit and catch there and you can cast stuff and decorate your islands in your house there. You have like
neighbors.
Yes, I loved
one.
That's,
that's like the reason I wanted facebook. I begged my mom before I was 13. My queen's anything. Nothing so simply five bills. Yeah.
That's still annoying. I don't know that even still exists.
like I tried to check There was another one. I played pet bill was spinoff.
Even
better.
It
was,
but that doesn't exist anymore. I wanted to like play it one day for nostalgia and it wasn't. Mhm.
What's
that? Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah.
Every single day I had to do my dailies spin the wheel.
Yeah. Okay. I don't think I've ever been that dedicated to anything that's like what's correct.
All
of
them.
I wish I would have spent that time of literally anything else like,
I could be bilingual. Yeah.
Not as much. We didn't have cable until I was like Older, like maybe
girl.
Mhm. Yeah. So what do you want to do with your degree degrees eventually? Oh.
Yeah. Let's go.
Oh, not that miss ever. Um Yeah,
I could actually like potentially get her biomedical engineering job in Minnesota, but I refuse. Um I would consider, I kind of want to move to California. My boyfriend's open to it because you make more money there and we'll see. I don't know because all my friends are here, so if
they
all move
away.
12.
Um I like indian food
and
you
did try, if you do try and get butter chicken,
it's
like, yeah, what?
It's,
I
don't know how to describe it. It's like a check in in like a tomato and kind of creamy sauce, but it's really, really good.
Well,
from
the
sam
it was you had a meet and then you had
potatoes and noodles and then you had like sad veggies that we're both
boiled
in that season. Yeah.
Yeah. That's why I like, I like stuff like indian food now, the other end of the spectrum, like I think
they're mixed
together.
It's flavorful.
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yes.
No, actually, we don't have, I think we have like one person that lives above us, but they're mostly empty. They just renovated all of them so they were like, they're just looking for people.
Mhm.
Uh huh. Yeah. I hope like, I don't know. Like I like drinking. It's nothing so and so because it's legal here. Um But like I wouldn't want to live in a party of pick apartment building or anything. I like my sleep.
Just
Yes. Yeah. Was that 25 minutes?
All
All
Oh, I have 28 because I like locked in.
I
earlier I was just like waiting to click the like I was doing other studies actually.
So you cut out.
yeah. I didn't want to do it until I was done with school because I was like, I do not have time. Yeah.
I don't know. Probably apply for jobs. Yes. That's a nice
That's about it. Yeah. That's what I like so much for your time now.
Yeah. We're all pass fail so I'm not worried about,
We
have
the option to petition for grades, but all of them got rejected, so.
Help. Does it say 20 grand friend?
It
meeting
you.
No, that's the fun.
I
I think so. Uh Yeah. I think we're good to exit out. Okay.
yeah. You too.