Mhm.
Are you?
Whoa,
Okay. I'm bailey. Nice to meet you. Uh Are we just muscle his talk? Can presently heard it?
Yeah, I thought there was any questions or something. Good. Well, okay,
how's your day going?
Yeah, I know. I just got the email problem like, okay, it's 10 30. I was like, oh, okay. Where are you from,
I'm from Nebraska. Well, is it nice there or is it kind of cold?
like we need
to
add and
great. Well hopefully it doesn't because that would not be good. So
how old are you?
Okay, Same here. Yeah,
I do both. So I just graduated from college on
friday. And then I worked with a nanny as well. How about you?
Well,
oh, we have the same questions. I remind some psychology.
Okay, what do you wanna deal?
Cool. Have you started the job hunt?
That's
Always
right. Yeah. It's
a weird time to be looking for a job, wow. Yeah, I am going to grad school the school so they're like we don't know if we're gonna be online this far or what I like. Okay.
Yeah it's too broad. It you have to either go back and get a degree another like specialty or you just got to go to grad school. What's the problem?
I'll
be
grateful.
Right. Well hopefully it works out. At least maybe if you've been even getting a lab and get some experience then you could just use that as your I'm like well I know I can do it.
I don't
let you
off. Yeah. Well you made it through, that's all that matters. It's a huge accomplishment. Me and that is the last major I would not want to trade. I will keep mine. Um So what are you doing during quarantine? Keep yourself?
My gosh. Yeah,
that's a lot.
So did they just like end, they were like you got to get out or did you have the option?
Right, right. Uh huh. Yeah. I'm in the process of my parents have been removing so I live in an apartment now that's going to grad school. I'm gonna living with my parents and save some money and then now they're wanting to move, I'm like, oh my God, like two moves and long months of the pandemic. What are we doing? Well, no, that's bad. I guess
I don't, but my boyfriend has a dog and I kind of like stepped in as the rule of dog mom. She's crazy. Yes, I could.
But
how
about
yet?
Oh, she's a, she's a mutt. She's a german, not, she's not Australian shepherds believe viewer and rot white roman. They're all
high energy. Yeah.
How about you, do you test?
Doing
that?
Oh right. I, I don't know how the virtual paul.
I
like
online shopping. Booker. Pez.
Time
right one. Mhm. So I don't know much about Chicago. You, have you done all the touristy things or how long you live there?
Yeah. That's, that's always good. I want to go to Chicago. I want to see the cubs play as my boyfriend was baseball the and stuff. I wonder Uh huh. What? They're all the touristy things that are being on access? Oh
well I'm from Omaha and it's not really a whole lot. Yeah,
I
mean,
but not, not like Chicago.
Don't make me stop. Mm
It's
really hard for me to get into show because I, I'm just, that's me too like to live in. But I have much Grey's Anatomy. You watch guys? Yes, I haven't. I'm not caught up on one leg. Season 14.
I'm
just getting mixed in the newer. Yeah but I actually I stopped at one point so I don't really start. But then I remembered all the stuff I'm like, well I'm marty halfway into the race for me as well. Keep
going.
Right. I know. And then people like my favorite character was just keep dying off. I'm like uh where's my reason to watch this? Anyone? Right
Paula.
You don't look. Let's see honestly. Yeah, but I know when Sloan and must be that bob. That was the heart.
Was it your first? Well I don't have much Friends. I love Friends. Just as like a background noise show.
How about you? Do you have any other ones?
Uh huh. I have watched that too.
I like
that.
Yeah. I did finish it actually.
We
the newest season isn't on Anything yet. I haven't seen that one but I've
seen
I don't say it does it. But yeah, I like this. He cried. Uh Yeah, I'm sure
I will call them. Right? Every I feel like every upset grace. I'm like well from the tears again. I
started
watching out banks on netflix. I watched the first episode. I was like, I don't know like teenagers being on this stuff on the ground.
I don't I don't have cable. So I
honey, what's my line?
interesting
Yeah. This is all joking.
interesting master I want. Uh Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah, I haven't got into like my mom watches the Chicago pd the fire, whatever meds. Oh
my God. Into this like like they're just all back to back to back in one night, you just sit there and watch four hours of tv and
I don't have back to that.
Right, right. How long have you been doing this prolific?
my
I
would
now.
Uh huh Yeah, I like it. It's just like, you can do it when you want it. I'm like this one you get paid like working bucks if you talk to somebody like uh
well I was like, I don't mind. Mm what's your favorite season?
does it get super hot in Chicago? I came in like the human feet.
That's
good.
We get the humid, you get it's sticky and you just feel like you're uh
I hate
it, but want to toss up between summer and fall. Even the cost like only a week really like when that believes fallen everything. Okay.
Right, right. Yeah. And I was 25 because my birthday's in the summer a green school now, it's like
Yes, I'll turn 23 this summer. Just kind of like you. Yeah,
22 was like All right. 23 years like Ooh, closer to 25 than I am to 20. Yeah. Mhm.
I want
to golden birthday.
Oh yeah. I just have a huge, have a huge party and then just make
it an economic golden birthday. Right. If we can, if we ever get out of corn.
Oh, nice. Was your birthday recently? It was drank
wine.
Oh no, we'll have a belated birthday. Did you just do like a zoom call with the venture funds?
Well,
uh huh causing humanity.
I
walked.
Oh cool. That's cool. Yeah, I just read those. That's nice. Yeah. So there's a kind
of birds outside the window and that right now. Mm How long were you, are we supposed to check this? Yeah, seven minutes About right.
Do you watch or place for, its well yeah,
I don't believe, but
I watch other people buy them because I mean he is with a crime right now called duty I think and we played Fortnite when you clean. I was the same huge thing will be my grandpa daughter. I think I can't keep up with this stuff honestly. Do you play them? What do
you
like?
right. You have breakfast kids. I'm like, oh wow, we're just shooting everybody and taking all them. Yeah. Right. I mean, yeah, I guess I did place them on my phone a long time ago, but that's pretty level. Oh,
have
you
looked like a Nintendo switch? Thanks there.
You know, traffic Yeah. Just keep hearing all about that. What is it?
Malibu
right. Kind of like Farmville. Did you ever play that on facebook
there with him?
I love that one. And when
I was on,
my gosh. You know those posts? Like I need the yes. Hello john
I don't either. Actually.
Partner.
I never
said that
even
bad. Oh,
Uh, that's his
appointment.
you have for weapons together and weapons? I had a weapon
that was like the O. G. Game. I was on that every day.
Up to the gems.
I don't think so either. Like looking out and I'm like, I,
that
was
like a time, it was like this time everything going on, looking
were any, anything else
Right. I'm like the Disney channel games. Did you ever play those?
That's all yeah
expensive. It's crazy expensive. My parents not really. And I was like, well that time you guys join the, during the stream and gang, they got to figure it out.
I'm going to grad school to be an occupational therapist. Mhm Oh, I want to work with kids even in the hospital or clinic setting. I'm not super picky guy. I just want to go little people and help them get back to their normal flies or like growing how to process and sort of things or find murder or anything else.
that's the goal. But I'm a hostage of saturated with them. So I think I'll probably have to end up moving at some point or another, which I cannot agree with. Do you want to stay? I really don't want to go back and say that.
Never.
that's
not
much
right. At some point that I think that everybody's going to move at some point, unfortunately, it's gonna make friends from the nucleus. Mhm. What
is your favorite hyper food like? Canyon?
Indian food.
Okay, I haven't dabbled into that yet, but we have a couple indian places here. I
understand.
butter
chicken.
let's
check it
out.
that's really good. Yeah, I want to check it out. I've been because I am not only adventurous either. Like I just reviewed if you like to you, but
now I lost it like a great issue. So I think if I try it, I just present my parents growing up never.
He was like
creating the same thing
on the home.
What?
And
I'm not
just put that thrown on the plate there, yep.
I know.
I'm telling
them to.
Right? I know. I was looking back, I went over to my place a couple of nights ago. Oh my God is really Well we ate. Yeah. Single that that's going to change when I moved back because I cannot do that.
So when you say you're in an apartment now, like you have land neighbours.
Nice. That's nice to get there before everybody else guys. Well this is how it works here. Yeah,
my apartment, it is crazy. Like we have people down the hall that just blare music and then we always reach the lead in the hallway even though it took a no smoking building Well. And then this lady that was Galois and her cat must go to bed at like 6th Early Every Night. We were like walking around the past like seven, she's like um guys what are you doing? Just living? We're just living with me.
Right. It's just technically like a family, an apartment complex. So these people are coming in, everybody what I'm doing. We
would never live it up I guess.
I don't
know. Let's pull up
the, when they have like a couple more minutes. Do you have $20? I have 24 on my timer thing on the other screen.
We were
doing before.
Yeah, it's there for I'm trying to study.
Is this your first time trying this day? Yeah, I tried to reform the person intial. No.
Thanks. What's your plan for the rest of the day? Yeah. One.
From time.
Right. I know. I don't know what to do with it. Like keep checking. Like we use canvas, keep checking it. Like there's going to be something put on there. I'm like, oh you graduate this dummy, There's not going to be anything. Mhm.
We need to pass there. We have the option, but like, wow, I need something to keep myself motivated. I love
the
army.
I don't blame not the best way to go honestly because it's just right. I just threw us into this. Can't really expect this to.
Yes, I am now at 25. Well,
that's nice
to
meet you.
Mhm. Yeah. So do we just exit out of this and then the
raft or the other one?
Well have a great rest of your day.
Bye.