SPEAKER_L: Mhm Yeah, Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm Oh yeah. Oh yes. Mhm, Mhm Yeah. Mhm You mean throws all get away any good? There's Uh huh the hotel? Mhm, Mhm Yeah. Mhm, Mhm, Mhm, wow. Mhm Yeah, mm Yeah, yeah, Wake up.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: How are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Good, good. How are you
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing pretty well. My name is Kevin, what's yours?
SPEAKER_L: Kevin? My name is 10
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you and where are you living right now? I'm in Atlanta.
SPEAKER_L: Atlanta. I am in Tampa florida,
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow, that's really close, wow.
SPEAKER_L: we're neighbors practically. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. So um how are you handling? I mean the craziest part of like the earlier pandemic is pretty much dug but like people are saying like a second well more waves are coming. So like how are you handling that right now?
SPEAKER_L: Oh um I didn't know that, that's, this is literally news to me because I try not to keep up with all of it. I would say I'm doing pretty well, I am trying to stay sane, be productive. But also as of recently I've just been a potato kind of lazy, it's been a lazy weekend. But um yeah, I think I lived in
SPEAKER_R: Kind of
SPEAKER_L: safe
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: bubble where I don't really pay attention to like all of the pandemic news because I feel like before when I did read into
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: it, it was just really stressful and overwhelming.
SPEAKER_R: bit.
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, I, I didn't know until he brought it up, but yeah, how are you doing
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: with the situation?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I guess sorry to burst your bubble I guess. Um I'm doing pretty well for the most part. Like it was weird at first because like when the pandemic first started, I was in the middle of moving to new york city and I was actually in the city when the pandemic hit. So I saw all the effects of it in real time. I saw everybody leaves the city pretty much at the same time. Um but at one moment like the weekend before, so everything kind of got crazy like March 13 and but like the week before like things are so normal, People still thought in the back of their head about the virus in the city, but like people tried to carry on as normal because we didn't really know much about it and then um
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: remember all of a sudden like things just got super crazy and everybody left and then I was like where is everybody? Like, I was just in my Airbnb like I was and I mean I lost my job opportunities because of that, which sucks, but I mean I'm handling it now um
SPEAKER_L: Good
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: then because of that like I wasn't finished moving but I mean it was kind of hard to move in a pandemic. So I ended up just coming back home to Atlanta after like staying in the city for like a month, just because I was afraid, like, I was like, okay, I'm in the big hotspot in the whole country pretty much right now, but then um and I don't want to bring it to my family potentially, but then um my brother got sick with it and yeah, and he ended up like exposing my whole family. Um So I was like okay, I think there's not really any danger for me coming back. So I came back thankfully my brother ended up recovering completely fine stuff that was good and yeah, I've pretty much been here since april. But yeah, I think for me, mentally the worst of it has passed, I mean because even though they're saying all that stuff, we like know way more about this virus now than we did before. And um there's like enough the they're like therapeutics we can use for it that like I don't know like it's more of just like for me not even like oh I'm afraid for like my life, even though I'm doing all I can to protect my family, it's more for me like just like these people just need to get it together so we can just hurry up to go back to normal. Like that's pretty much what I'm really thinking. But yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Look.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, the first thing I'm looking forward to doing once this is all done is traveling because I miss doing that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh, sorry, didn't get get these dogs out of here?
SPEAKER_R: No worries. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Actually, you know they can stay. Well I have two wild dogs and there on the couch. Sorry about that. We
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: were saying
SPEAKER_R: fine, it's fine.
SPEAKER_L: wait, please bring my train of thought back. Sorry,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, no worries.
SPEAKER_L: what? Yes.
SPEAKER_R: I just had the first thing I'm looking forward to doing once. This is all done is just traveling.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's also I haven't traveled that much either and I was planning to this year, but yeah, still in the bubble of florida. I've never actually left florida for vacation other than like work interviews. So yeah, that was, but there's always next year. So yeah, I'm also looking forward to traveling as well. Um But also in a way I'm kind of happy. Not actually that sounds pretty morbid, but like I think good things came from the pandemic, like virtual work opportunities, I think that's going up a lot more, I'm like working from home before I had to commute um an hour On a bad day, but yeah 30 minutes every day of just driving, thank you, actually, it's an hour in total like back and forth. Yeah, but now I'm like required to work from home, so it's kind of a blessing, like I don't I think I would be I don't think I would want to commute back to the office now that this is a thing now. Yeah, so I felt like that was a good thing, like a positive thing that came out of this, Was there any positives for you?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I mean I 100% agree, I was thinking the same thing like um because before, well I guess a little bit of back story about me, so I mean I grew up in Atlanta and I've worked here and turned here before, I mean but so
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: immediately after I graduated from university in the city, I started taking opportunities in other places in the first place was I had an internship in new york city and so uh the dogs back?
SPEAKER_L: No, no they're not back,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I started taking internship opportunities in new york city and I got to live in new york for a while which was great because I got to have like that no car life. I got to meet a lot of cool people in the city and just see what it's like to be packed densely in a place like that. And then after that I ended up taking an opportunity to go work in Taiwan. So I moved to Taiwan like
SPEAKER_L: that's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and that was an amazing opportunity. Uh I mean I already like so during university already studied abroad in like shanghai so I like speak some chinese but that like ended up boosting my chinese level a lot and then I got to experience like how it was living over there and like I didn't meet a car or anything because like the public transit is so good you can get across the country without like any car or anything which was awesome. And then um I mean of course I got to travel a bit like I went to like all over asia like to Hong kong and Japan and Korea. Um But yeah I had those experiences and then I came back to Atlanta and um I mean like I was looking for work here but then I was also looking in D. C. And then I was also looking in new york because I kind of like wanted to have like a taste of like the life that I had doing all that type of stuff before. I mean not even just like not driving although not driving with a huge benefit but then like just um being able to uh get I don't know and those types of like global cities like you can get like I don't even know how to say I guess food and cultural stuff from like all over the world. Just unique stuff that you don't really see in like other places. Like I'm trying to get back to that basically
SPEAKER_L: Mhm that's true, wow, that sounds like a lot of fun. I don't
SPEAKER_R: group.
SPEAKER_L: know anything else other than florida, so yeah, I wish, I wish I could relate. How did you get? Mhm. How did you get those opportunities to go to Taiwan in different countries? Uh huh. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: so going back to china like when I was in Shanghai that was just a study abroad opportunity. So I got to basically by applying when I was in university and um I got over there during the summer and I got scholarships both from my school and then from my state uh to help pay for it. I mean even then it was still kind of price and there's a lot of stuff that I had to do to make it work, but that's how I went to China, how I went to Taiwan. So like I had friends who they might have worked for like big companies that wanted to transfer them over me particularly like since I didn't really have like work with a big company at that point I just took a job teaching english there. And so I ended up going to like a small city north of Taipei called like a kilo
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and I was just working there for a year and I'm from there, I just traveled so different countries in the region. And then when I was coming back I decided to do like a europe trip. So I went to Germany the Netherlands and France and yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, wow, that sounds so cool. I think I really want to do that, like I thought about it like it's on a list of things to do um or I think like if shit hits the fan and I'm not good at what I currently do, which is um software development then I would be like in a cheaper country teaching english. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: That would be awesome. Do you have any ideas of like where you would like to go?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I have no idea. I was thinking like kind of a nomad backpacking life. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: I have, I made friends who actually do that like when I was in Taiwan they
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: like my friends like so I met this couple, the girl she was teaching english or
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: the girl I met was teaching english with like our company and then her partner was well I don't know what her partner was doing but her partner was doing some sort of nomad stuff and they were able to travel to like the Philippines Taiwan. I remember they came back to the US temporarily. But then last I heard from them like they were in like Mexico or somewhere, so like they were traveling all over and I was just like I kind of want to go back to that life but then I'm just like I kind of want to get some work settled here that I want to do here in the States first and then maybe go back. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that sounds fun. I think it's a nice balance between getting to see the world and also working and making a living or like having that cover the travel expenses traveling can be very expensive. But uh Oh God, sorry. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean yeah it can be super super expensive like um I mean but I think if you like budget correctly or like budget,
SPEAKER_L: Job
SPEAKER_R: I'm also correctly but budget like very strictly then you can make it work like I somehow made it work even though I missed like two flights when I was traveling like
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: I missed my flight when I was in Japan
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: because uh so like there was a storm that hit Japan when I was there and they said it was like the worst storm that hit there in like 10 years. And so because of that a lot of flights got just completely messed up and yeah that included my flight so I had to sleep in the airport. Um And uh yeah I had to pay for another flight on the spot. But I mean I guess it was part of the adventure. I mean the same thing will happen when I was in the Netherlands, but that one was completely my fault because I was like I lost my passport temporarily. I was like, oh my God, where is my passport? And then it ended up being somewhere like my hotel, but by then I was so scared I just canceled my flight. So I was just stuck in like the Netherlands like and I had to buy a new flight later. So.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, wow. But like you're doing these solo by yourself without any friends or family with you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, no, no friends, no family. Like I just meet people when I'm in the country like completely. Um So
SPEAKER_L: She's not
SPEAKER_R: well I've traveled with my family before but like not to any of those places like uh mainly if I travel with my family has been either within the U. S. Or like close like the caribbean. Um But yeah japan uh Hong kong Korea like all those places I went to like it was just completely by myself and I we just meet random
SPEAKER_L: that's good.
SPEAKER_R: people in like the country and be like hey you wanna go here and then we just all like hang out and that's how that would happen.
SPEAKER_L: Oh well, that's so cool. I feel like that's the dream life. Like those are all of the countries that I would like to visit that I watch and like see about online. I wish I had that confidence. That's that's really great. I'm happy to hear that for you that. And also um how old were you during all these expeditions?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um so when I went to study abroad I was 21
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: and uh now that well and
SPEAKER_L: baby,
SPEAKER_R: then when I went yeah pretty much yeah and then when I went to go Teach abroad I was 23 And like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: did all
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: that traveling
SPEAKER_L: young.
SPEAKER_R: at like 23 and 24. And yeah now I'm currently 26.
SPEAKER_L: That is so cool. So you can teach at the age of 23, like did they require any certifications or just the fact that you're able to speak English is enough?
SPEAKER_R: And yeah like usually it was just the fact that uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it was just the fact that I was able to speak english. It really depends on the school you work with and then also in the country because some countries have a little bit stricter requirements um because their markets more saturated like for example um
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: like Korea from what I've heard a lot of the schools might require you to have like a teaching certificate. Um
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: But then like Taiwan it depended on where you were teaching at my school just required you to growing up in like a country that has english a major country that has english this is like uh national language. So I mean like the U. S. Or U. K. Or
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: Australia places like that so
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: pretty much anybody can just go and do it. So.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, that's so late. I let me write that. I may consider that when I'm old and retired.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah yeah go do it like it's a lot of fun. Yeah and I remember well now I'm actually currently applying to do that possibly again but this time with like the U. S. Government so the US government has like um I don't even know what to call it organizations so actually kind of agreements where that you can do work with public schools or something like that in those countries. And so like the one I did before was just like private companies and like that worked out for me but I'm applying to those just in case because like right now my ideal is to like work here in the field that I'm looking for here in the US and gain some experience in it. But when I'm like I'm applying just in case like one, it takes me super long to get another job because the job market just sucks right now. But then to, I don't know, just in case like if that happens, I can have a backup and just be able to travel more and make some money doing something else instead of just sitting. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I feel that um I think there's like job opportunities for tutoring online through the computer now I think especially during this time, so
SPEAKER_R: Greater.
SPEAKER_L: I would consider that um yeah, I think I have like a long list of ways to make money online and that that's one of them. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I have something similar to actually because um well uh this is kind of a covid project I made, but like I started it actually a year ago, so when I well my last job that I had was basically that I was signed onto was basically ended like august 2019. And so from that point I was saving a little bit and I was like okay, getting ready to move to new york. But while I was applying for jobs, I created like a job search support group in october 2019. And I've been sharing a lot of resources for people to get job search support or get free stuff online, make money online. And I include, I include prolific actually on that list, but
SPEAKER_L: Oh, you're the hero we need. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, no problem. But like um I I mean I do that specifically because like a lot of people when they're searching for work, a lot of people just don't know where to begin and on top of that, like they don't really have any way to bring any money in at all. So I mean, even if it's like, like it's small, like it's still something to be able to bring some money into like something a prolific and uh oh just also create like some sense of community
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: talking with different people who um might feel alone because of like their job search. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I definitely agree. Thank you for saying that. Um Yeah, it definitely adds up over time and yes, I think it's fun to make money while sitting at home in your, in the comfort of your own home. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I 100% agree. My I 100% agree like, and I mean that's the goal, like, I mean, I've seen some other stuff that I've been interested in trying. Like I have an app called ST bees, but it's not as good as prolific. But
SPEAKER_L: strictly.
SPEAKER_R: like the Yeah, like the difference is like it's an app and you get paid Monday through Friday, like just immediately, they'll send it to your paypal. Um so far I've seen it's not that much money. Like the biggest payout I've seen on a study is like $1, but it takes like three minutes usually for each study. Um
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: but they have studies available like every day. So I think that's like the benefit, like
SPEAKER_L: Normal
SPEAKER_R: you can just do it on your own time pretty much. And then um there's another one called The Scout, although I haven't qualified for anything on the scout yet. I don't like that one is much
SPEAKER_L: exit.
SPEAKER_R: just because I haven't had anything on it yet. But um, yeah, I don't know like I've been doing a bunch of these types of things. I even did something for somebody like two nights ago where I was doing like a basically they were creating an app for tourists in Japan. And so like they were trying to get american voices specifically like for, I guess the voice on the app and they wanted you to like learn how to pronounce like japanese um, places like, and then like say like I would like to go to Tokyo City or I would like to go to Kyoto or like something like that. Like, so I kept having to read that and it took so long, it was like Three hours but I got paid like 80, I got paid like 80 bucks. So that was pretty nice.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, that's really nice. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like I mean I find a lot of these things uh also through like Reddit, like Reddit has a lot of that
SPEAKER_L: Read
SPEAKER_R: post.
SPEAKER_L: it dear money. Uh I think that, I think that's how I found this one. Yeah, I think it's the only one I use so far because it's easy and you can see the results pretty quickly
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I mean
SPEAKER_L: more
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: than
SPEAKER_R: it,
SPEAKER_L: oh, go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: that's exactly how I found it in like um I mean there's a lot of really useful subreddit with this. There's actually specifically a prolific subreddit as well. Although I mean usually what I see it is just people who are like, oh did you guys get this study? Oh like what's happening with this? And
SPEAKER_L: Just,
SPEAKER_R: I mean like I don't know, it's not really stuff that like I look too much into, but I just find it really cool, you can find all this stuff online and just be able to hustle.
SPEAKER_L: we're living, we're living in the future. Yeah, I completely agree. I feel that to my bones um hold up, I'm looking at the higher list when I guess another easy thing is being searches because they're just not as good as google so they'll pay you to search and use being Yeah, but
SPEAKER_R: I didn't
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: look.
SPEAKER_L: it's not that much, it's like a Like $5 every
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: month.
SPEAKER_R: see, I mean still like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: if you just add it to your rotation of things, like usually what I'll do, like I have like a list that I write every day. In fact like this is today's list. I don't know if you can see it, I don't think you can see it, It's backwards, whatever. But yeah, this is today's list. Yeah. But uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, but like I write things on there, like even specific beer money things that I need to do, So like uh go on ST bees for like five minutes or six minutes to do two of those things go on prolific. Uh Make sure to do this. I mean, I don't just have beer money on here too. I have like freebie stuff too, because there's like, if you've seen like R slash freebies, like there's people who give away actual like free stuff and like sometimes it's like snacks. Um Sometimes it's um I don't know, just random gear apparel. Um Just different
SPEAKER_L: Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: stuff like that. It's okay. Um Yeah, like it's really just cool to see like, so I advise you like going on that as well.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, that's really nice. You have to handle where you share all this information for a Youtube channel.
SPEAKER_R: I don't have that. I need to make a youtube, but I do have, I don't know if you discord.
SPEAKER_L: Kind of, but not really? Oh,
SPEAKER_R: I'll give you,
SPEAKER_L: you've got
SPEAKER_R: don't even know. Okay. Yeah, sure. Like, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: hold on, I gotta figure out how to do this because like I have a youtube for my group, but I've never posted on it before. That's the thing. Like, because I've been trying to like sort of like my current project with that is like, I'm trying to make a group
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: website and uh hold on, hold on, I'll give you, I know what I'll give you, I'll give you my ready to count and send me a PM there and then I'll, yeah, I'll send you like all the information about stuff. Like I got like a free wiki that like I give access for people like you can find like free food stuff and money stuff and all that like. Yeah just send it, I'm gonna write it down. Uh Let's see. Let's see. There it is. Okay. Uh huh. Actually I can just say it's really easy. I don't know why I said write it down. Um Yeah so the name is available for us two.
SPEAKER_L: Available or and
SPEAKER_R: and then like the number two that's my my reddit handle just hit me up on there.
SPEAKER_L: about it, we'll do that. Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. No problem. Yeah. I mean like the Youtube thing because um group at first it was I just thought it was gonna be a small group. I didn't even think it was gonna be anything that would like blow up at all. But then um and I just wanted to like support some people. There was a lot of stress people even like pre Covid
SPEAKER_L: Move
SPEAKER_R: who are job searching and like complaining about like I just wanted like some sort of group. We could all like hang out. And then Covid hit huge flood of people into the
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: group and like increased by like the size increased like five times all of a sudden and I don't even know how to handle it. I mean and I had like some people are like the mod team for like the group that I have who were like oh we should we have like a good chance to help. A lot of people do like good stuff. And so like we ended up just make it like a wiki um We made like yeah we made a wiki, we made a job search kind of guide. We made all this crazy stuff. I can't even remember everything but I need to
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: do a lot more about advertising it because for me like I'm just like I need to perfect this and it's like I keep thinking about perfecting stuff. Like I don't advertise anything because I'm just like, oh this isn't complete yet. But I mean the point of this is to help people so it needs to get out, don't just like worry about it being perfect. So yeah, I need to do that. But
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: today
SPEAKER_L: can move.
SPEAKER_R: actually, yeah, today
SPEAKER_L: Oh
SPEAKER_R: actually, sorry today actually I hope it will work on the website, so we'll see about that.
SPEAKER_L: I can't wait to see it. Yeah. But yeah, I feel what you said about wanting things to be perfect and just waiting. Yeah, not doing anything. I feel like I'm stuck in limbo where I don't do anything because I just want it to be perfect, but then I don't do anything.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, 100% like and I mean that's the struggle because it's like, I don't know like it doesn't need to be perfect. Like it just meet matters if you like made the effort. Like I mean, another thing about me, it's been harder during the pandemic, but like I'm I'm like a power lifter and I was about to start my um competition, like competition season this year, but then like Covid hit. So I mean obviously I'm not gonna go to any competitions right now, but uh I don't know for so long. I put put off like going into any competitions
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: because I was like, oh this isn't the time, I'm
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: then,
SPEAKER_R: strong enough, blah blah blah.
SPEAKER_L: so it was like a little bit choppy, but you know? Yeah, that's good. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like uh I put off like competing for so long, I was like, this isn't the time I'm not strong enough, blah blah blah. But like, I think it's what matters is like you just put in the effort, I mean, but like a lot of times I just sit around like a potato and just, it's not good, but you could just, I don't know if you make some small effort, I think it's it's worth it and it's something good that you did.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I completely agree. It's like uh this small steps, brick by brick, building, the house, Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: where's my child? We should have. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: I saw your shirt.
SPEAKER_L: both.
SPEAKER_R: That's a nice shirt.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, thank you. It's a, you see it, that's me. Uh huh Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_R: So what sort of uh what sort of quarantine goals have you had, Like, have you had any ideas of things that you are trying to accomplish during quarantine?
SPEAKER_L: all right now I'm just trying to survive um Quarantine goals. That's a good question to ask and think about mm this is good and I needed to hear this. Um it's the kind of thing is all Yeah. Yeah, No yeah I think I'm just trying to stay afloat or down. Yeah, I'm pretty consumed with work so I'm yeah floating each week if that makes sense for every day first. What about you? Yes girl, you've got
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that makes perfect
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: sense,
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: like, I mean I completely get that. Like for me, well for me it's kind of like basic stuff since, I mean you can't really get too much done right now, like there's stuff you can do from your computer, but then like they're like, you know, if you're trying to grow socially
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: sometimes it can be difficult now, but we'll physical one right now, I'm hoping I can grow a beard. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But but as you can see it's kind of yes, not really there yet. I'm
SPEAKER_L: we kind of have the
SPEAKER_R: hoping
SPEAKER_L: same
SPEAKER_R: to use
SPEAKER_L: goals
SPEAKER_R: like there's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: this subreddit
SPEAKER_L: minoxidil.
SPEAKER_R: of mina experience. Yeah. And
SPEAKER_L: I've heard
SPEAKER_R: what I'm trying to do
SPEAKER_L: ocean
SPEAKER_R: with prolific is one with the prolific money. I'm learning now trying to renew my sport. Um And I mean that's I'm the first thing I want to do. Yeah. The moxie girl. Yeah. Yeah. During quarantine I was hoping like I could because I'm doing this from my room, but typically the internet is not usually that good for my room. So um for work related stuff for interviews, like I usually just use the ethernet cord. Um And then um what else? Trying to buy more home fitness stuff. I mean it's not the same to work out at home unless you have like invest a lot in the home gym, but I got like a pull up bar so far and weights and stuff like that. And then what else I don't know other than that I'm applying for jobs every day, like I apply for at least five a day. Um
SPEAKER_L: that's a lot, wow.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and then um I hang out with my dog, tried to like hang out with my dog a lot, and then
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that I know on the shelf
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean that's pretty much it make more money so that I can, like, once things are back to normal, I can get moving really fast.
SPEAKER_L: mhm Yeah um kind of on an unrelated note, but you talked about bodybuilding and competitions, is that something you can actually make money from or it's uh just for fun?
SPEAKER_R: Well, for the most part, it's just for fun. You can make money by doing like brand deals so say, and I mean that's actually something I'm thinking about, like, competing not necessarily, like, I would love to win, but like, if I don't win, it's okay because like, one, I tried to do this for fun, but then too,
SPEAKER_L: Market
SPEAKER_R: if you get brands to notice you and they see that like you'd be somebody who'd be good at representing them, you can represent them on social media and you can bring in some money that way. Like, I'm interested primarily for like those two reasons. Um So you can bring some money, but it's not like you're gonna be like drowning in money, like if you were like a football player or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Culture. But also I think it's cool that like your taking care of your body and yeah you could possibly get paid for it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's super cool. Like uh I mean my first competition I was about to do was actually when I was in Taiwan because there was like petitions that were there. Um And one of my friends, like from my local gym, just recommended me for one, but then I was surprised how popular they were, like the competition filled up so fast so I couldn't sign up, but then since then I was like, okay, maybe I'll like really consider this. And I came back late 2018, got a job early 2019 that lasted, it was a temporary position, so it lasted until August. And um I mean, I was planning okay, 2020 was gonna be my day deal and I mean, yeah, Covid hit, but like, I'm still gonna I'm still like working and trying to make it so that Maybe 2021 or make my debut.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Mhm. So Casey Neistat, I think a Youtuber said that uh The hardest part is getting to the 1st 10,000 And then afterwards that 10 million was really easy. Yeah, I feel like it's just getting started and then it should hopefully skyrocket from there.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. You're talking about
SPEAKER_L: the hardest part is starting. But
SPEAKER_R: you're talking
SPEAKER_L: I think that applies like in general, yeah, to a lot of different things. Oh, but go ahead. I cut, I cut you off.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, I mean, you kind of answered, I was confused about, it feels like money or like followers, but then you said it applies to a lot of different things. So
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah, like exercise. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like, I
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: mean, I
SPEAKER_L: one
SPEAKER_R: r
SPEAKER_L: fish up.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, just one like, and I mean that's something like that, I believe in a lot too, because when I first started, like, I grew up like a overweight, like borderline, like, obese kid.
SPEAKER_L: same.
SPEAKER_R: And yeah, and like, I remember when I first started um lifting weights specifically, it was like, really hard at first, just because I remember I started sophomore year university and I was embarrassed to go to the gym, like, because I don't know, like, I guess I was just intimidated. So, I mean, I had like, my own apartment jim and I would go work out there and I got pretty strong. But then, like, uh some of my friends who are really involved in that community, they were like, you're not going to get As strong as you want to if you just work out at this gym forever, which they were 100% right, and I ended up just going to the gym, I mean, and so it was hard at first to work out, but then like, it became so easy, it was just basically like A 6th sense for me to just get up early in the morning and go like to the point that now I have some gym equipment at home and I still try to keep it going even if it's not perfect.
SPEAKER_L: mm, mm hmm. I feel like, yeah, that's really good that you broken that wall, hurdle down. I also kind of feel that way about going to the gym. It can be intimidating. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean it can be because it's like, you never know. I mean I guess like from my perspective when I was younger I was like, oh these people are gonna be looking at me because like I don't belong, but then like everybody goes there like at first it's like that and then like nobody will, nobody should be looking at you um Specifically like to make fun of you, there's people who do do that at least like when I was in like my university gym. But I mean like if they're not, if they're looking at you, that means like they're not looking at themselves and so like they're not really growing themselves like they're too busy being focused on other people. And I mean when I see other people who are coming to work hard and grow like I think that's something amazing and I think because of that like they should be people who are like applauded and I mean I've been in that position so like that's why I feel really
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: strongly about
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I respect that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mm Yeah like so I don't know even once this is done like I already know like when I go back because I'm working out but like it's still not the same. And I feel like I've lost some like mass and stuff. So once I go back, if I see any of my old gym friends will be like kevin is
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: that you you don't even look the same. like
SPEAKER_L: No, after
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's all good like I already know like I'm gonna put in the work and then I'm gonna get back to where I was and then I'm gonna pass where I was. So it's not a big deal.
SPEAKER_L: thank you for the inspiration available for us to, I feel it mhm,
SPEAKER_R: For sure. Have we had time?
SPEAKER_L: mhm I think, oh wait this time.
SPEAKER_R: no, no, not yet. Not yet. Not yet. We got three more
SPEAKER_L: No, no,
SPEAKER_R: No, no not yet. Not yet. Um Yeah, but what else should we even talk about? Um I don't know. So I guess you said you had a list of things that you wanted to do like um what are some
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: things from
SPEAKER_L: everything
SPEAKER_R: from that list?
SPEAKER_L: you said, everything you said pretty much um travel complete. Yeah, yeah um you know, Yeah, but I'd say mostly travel like the different of the major countries that you listed, Korea, japan, europe, but what? Oh, but uh just uh just to go on a tangent, I've listen to a podcast recently where like in europe like pickpocketing is really common. Did you face that when you were there? Like getting mugged a
SPEAKER_R: Actually
SPEAKER_L: gun?
SPEAKER_R: actually it's interesting you mentioned that because when I first landed there, I don't know how because I mean like the like the Europeans that I saw there, like they were like a multiracial group. But somehow like some of the people were able to pick out and see that I was american. Like I still don't know how because like I felt like I was dressed exactly like those people, but I guess somehow like the way I carried myself um but basically what happened, I didn't get picked up. Pickpocketing per se. But when I was in Germany these um women like came up to me and they kept trying to sell me. I don't remember what it was, it was like something that was like gold or I think it was like fake gold. Um And I just said I kind of tried to ignore them at first and then I just said no I don't want it. And then like they tried to they tried to talk to me and like how they thought like americans talk, they're like come on man. Oh my God. Yeah, like I mean I'm laughing because for some reason like in all my travels, that's the perception a lot of people have like how americans like talk, they're always like come on man, oh my god, that's awesome. Okay or something like that. But yeah, I remember that specifically happened and I mean I kind of looked around and some of the people there either ignoring the people were coming up to me or they were like laughing. Um But yeah, I mean that's the main experience I had of that uh other than that, like that's why I was afraid about my passport, like I was like I thought somebody stole it out of my pocket or something, but then it turned out I just left it at my hotel so it was all good. Um Yeah, but I would say in major touristy areas of like Germany friends um
SPEAKER_L: I okay
SPEAKER_R: Spain, although I didn't go to spain, like that's a real thing that happens,
SPEAKER_L: world
SPEAKER_R: I'm not as sure about the Netherlands, like, I'm sure it happens in the Netherlands as well, because that's where I spent most of my time when I was like in europe. Um But yeah, it's something you got to watch out for just to make sure
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: that you have your stuff in a way that's like guarded so other people can't just sneak into your stuff and get it.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Yeah, it kind of makes me feel, makes me want to stay in my bubble more because of that. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean like I I completely get that, it's just like, I think um usually when I was in that area, what I did was I just uh didn't put anything in my back pocket, I have had like a little bag that like I put in front of me and I would just keep all my stuff in like that bag. So like if somebody tried to steal something, they would literally have to just reach in front of me like near my crotch area. And at that point I'm going to just notice something like what are you doing like um and then what else did I do?
SPEAKER_L: Await question is this a common experience in europe or like the other countries, this doesn't sound like something that happens in America or at least not where I'm from. I'm just, yeah, this is two different worlds,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um So I would say, well I probably should have split up europe, it's a relatively common experience, all of if you take the proper safeguards against it. Um I think it will prevent it from happening a lot. I guess I'm splitting asia in my experience, that doesn't happen, like especially in Japan Taiwan, like to the point there's been people who have left their wallets on that dog. Sounds excited. But uh yeah, there's been people who have left their wallets like on like the subway station and like these countries like Japan Taiwan Korea and like people return it without taking anything out. Like that's happened. That's actually happened to me. Like I dropped
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: my wallet,
SPEAKER_L: so nice.
SPEAKER_R: I dropped my wallet when I was in Japan like in Tokyo and this guy literally picked it up and he came running across the street to give it to me. So like in um I would say in like those countries like in East Asia, that doesn't happen as much Uh China, there are pickpockets and that was the only experience I had where somebody actually like pickpocketed for me but they didn't take much money was like $5 but I was still kind of annoyed because I was a university student. Um
SPEAKER_L: mhm,
SPEAKER_R: And then what else? I've heard Vietnam
SPEAKER_L: Oh well that's it.
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: there's like some pickpockets in like big cities but um for the most part I don't think it's that much in Asia really Like I think um it's mostly in europe like a lot of stuff that happened but if you take proper precautions you'll be okay.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, but that's good to know. So I think I'm a plan, my first travel trips, like when I can in asia.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah for sure for sure. Yeah I mean you'll enjoy it a lot. Lots of cheap food, amazing travel. Just like awesome people like you can go and just see so many cool things and I mean it's good to get out of the bubble like that first big travel experience. It's just like wow this is crazy. Thank you'll enjoy it a lot.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, this, this gives me hope, thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah no problem, no problem. Yeah I mean and also like I don't know I gave you my Reddit handle just hit me up like I'll send you like the resources I talked about I mean but then also if you have any other travel questions like just let me know it. Dude like I'll be happy to answer them.
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm. Um can I just say, I think you would make a good youtuber or V lager? I feel like you should have started then when you're in those countries because yeah, it was fun listening to you. Um and also I feel like the niche like what you're doing is pretty cool. I feel like there's a market for it, like I'm in that bubble that is interested So yeah, keep up the great work.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah I mean I I definitely I started Youtube being actually when I was in Taiwan. But then um I think the big thing that happened was it consumed like a lot of my time. So like it would usually be like my time will be split between Youtube being work and working like powerlifting. But I'm trying to get back into it again. So I mean I might take you up back up on that so we'll see. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: When you say timing for Youtube, but would that consist of, I would imagine it's recording editing and that takes a lot of time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah the the editing specifically took a lot of time for me because usually I would record just like any fun stuff that I did um like when I was traveling in Taiwan and then I would um edit and uh the editing, I don't remember what software I use, it was a while back but the editing just ended up taking like ours like
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: full so long. But I mean it's still something I'm interested in like so I
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: mean maybe that should be something that will push for while I'm still in this quarantine as well, like who knows?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. But yeah, um I think what helps is finding the fund in it. But what can be really discouraging is that like when you you post and you put something out and like the only views argue refreshing if
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah I've had that happen before. Even like my first video that I put out like when I was in Taiwan I sent it to my friends and I saw the views go up a little from those friends. But then like other than that it was just like not too many people. So I mean that that kind of sucks. But I don't know at the same time I was proud because I was like okay this is something I made and it's right here and it's good like in in my book it's good.
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah, I feel that and I feel like that's what's important is like is it matters to you and not what other people think, but I feel like I'm, I'm preaching, but I don't practice. But yeah, you shouldn't really care about what other people think and you should just do it because it matters to you and yeah, that's what really matters. that's what really counts. But it I feel like most people myself included care about the numbers, the people that perception. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No I mean 100% 100% like I mean to some degree we're all affected by like other people's perceptions of us. Um I mean and that's something like I've really been trying to fight like whether it's like um going out to like do something that other people might not approve of or whether that's just like following a path that I see for myself rather than something that like other people are trying to like push me towards. Like it's difficult but then it's like at the end of the day I feel pretty happy like with with what I'm doing even if sometimes I'm like tired because of it. So
SPEAKER_L: Actually, yeah, I feel that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah but let me check. Is it time? Oh yeah it's time though. Um Yeah I gave you my reddit uh actually now that you mention it, I'll send me a message on Reddit and I'll give you my Youtube. I have like a personal youtube like two videos from when I was in Taiwan. But I mean yeah I might post more on there. So who knows?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, that would be really cool. It's been nice chatting with you. Uh how do I do? We just close out of this?