Mhm Yeah, Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm Oh yeah. Oh yes. Mhm, Mhm Yeah. Mhm You mean throws all get away any good? There's Uh huh the hotel? Mhm, Mhm Yeah. Mhm, Mhm, Mhm, wow. Mhm Yeah, mm Yeah, yeah, Wake up.
Hello?
Good, good. How are you
Kevin? My name is 10
Atlanta. I am in Tampa florida,
we're neighbors practically. Yeah.
Oh um I didn't know that, that's, this is literally news to me because I try not to keep up with all of it. I would say I'm doing pretty well, I am trying to stay sane, be productive. But also as of recently I've just been a potato kind of lazy, it's been a lazy weekend. But um yeah, I think I lived in
safe
bubble where I don't really pay attention to like all of the pandemic news because I feel like before when I did read into
it, it was just really stressful and overwhelming.
So yeah, I, I didn't know until he brought it up, but yeah, how are you doing
with the situation?
Well.
Good
man.
Look.
Yeah. Oh, sorry, didn't get get these dogs out of here?
Actually, you know they can stay. Well I have two wild dogs and there on the couch. Sorry about that. We
were saying
wait, please bring my train of thought back. Sorry,
what? Yes.
Yeah, that's also I haven't traveled that much either and I was planning to this year, but yeah, still in the bubble of florida. I've never actually left florida for vacation other than like work interviews. So yeah, that was, but there's always next year. So yeah, I'm also looking forward to traveling as well. Um But also in a way I'm kind of happy. Not actually that sounds pretty morbid, but like I think good things came from the pandemic, like virtual work opportunities, I think that's going up a lot more, I'm like working from home before I had to commute um an hour On a bad day, but yeah 30 minutes every day of just driving, thank you, actually, it's an hour in total like back and forth. Yeah, but now I'm like required to work from home, so it's kind of a blessing, like I don't I think I would be I don't think I would want to commute back to the office now that this is a thing now. Yeah, so I felt like that was a good thing, like a positive thing that came out of this, Was there any positives for you?
What?
No, no they're not back,
that's really cool.
Mhm that's true, wow, that sounds like a lot of fun. I don't
know anything else other than florida, so yeah, I wish, I wish I could relate. How did you get? Mhm. How did you get those opportunities to go to Taiwan in different countries? Uh huh. Oh.
Yeah.
Yeah, wow, that sounds so cool. I think I really want to do that, like I thought about it like it's on a list of things to do um or I think like if shit hits the fan and I'm not good at what I currently do, which is um software development then I would be like in a cheaper country teaching english. Yeah,
Oh, I have no idea. I was thinking like kind of a nomad backpacking life. Yeah
and
what?
that sounds fun. I think it's a nice balance between getting to see the world and also working and making a living or like having that cover the travel expenses traveling can be very expensive. But uh Oh God, sorry. Yeah.
Job
no,
I
Oh, wow. But like you're doing these solo by yourself without any friends or family with you?
She's not
that's good.
Oh well, that's so cool. I feel like that's the dream life. Like those are all of the countries that I would like to visit that I watch and like see about online. I wish I had that confidence. That's that's really great. I'm happy to hear that for you that. And also um how old were you during all these expeditions?
What
baby,
I
was
so
young.
That is so cool. So you can teach at the age of 23, like did they require any certifications or just the fact that you're able to speak English is enough?
Yeah.
Great.
mm.
Well,
No.
Oh wow, that's so late. I let me write that. I may consider that when I'm old and retired.
Yeah, I feel that um I think there's like job opportunities for tutoring online through the computer now I think especially during this time, so
I would consider that um yeah, I think I have like a long list of ways to make money online and that that's one of them. Oh,
Oh, you're the hero we need. Thank you.
All
Yeah, I definitely agree. Thank you for saying that. Um Yeah, it definitely adds up over time and yes, I think it's fun to make money while sitting at home in your, in the comfort of your own home. Yeah.
strictly.
No.
Normal
exit.
Oh wow, that's really nice. Yeah.
Read
it dear money. Uh I think that, I think that's how I found this one. Yeah, I think it's the only one I use so far because it's easy and you can see the results pretty quickly
more
than
oh, go ahead.
Just,
we're living, we're living in the future. Yeah, I completely agree. I feel that to my bones um hold up, I'm looking at the higher list when I guess another easy thing is being searches because they're just not as good as google so they'll pay you to search and use being Yeah, but
it's
it's not that much, it's like a Like $5 every
month.
What?
Yeah,
Sorry.
Oh wow, that's really nice. You have to handle where you share all this information for a Youtube channel.
Kind of, but not really? Oh,
you've got
Mhm.
All
Available or and
about it, we'll do that. Thanks.
Move
What?
What?
I
can move.
Oh
I can't wait to see it. Yeah. But yeah, I feel what you said about wanting things to be perfect and just waiting. Yeah, not doing anything. I feel like I'm stuck in limbo where I don't do anything because I just want it to be perfect, but then I don't do anything.
so
and
then,
so it was like a little bit choppy, but you know? Yeah, that's good. Yes.
yeah, I completely agree. It's like uh this small steps, brick by brick, building, the house, Yeah. Um
where's my child? We should have. Okay,
both.
Oh, thank you. It's a, you see it, that's me. Uh huh Yeah. Um
all right now I'm just trying to survive um Quarantine goals. That's a good question to ask and think about mm this is good and I needed to hear this. Um it's the kind of thing is all Yeah. Yeah, No yeah I think I'm just trying to stay afloat or down. Yeah, I'm pretty consumed with work so I'm yeah floating each week if that makes sense for every day first. What about you? Yes girl, you've got
thank
you.
Well,
Yeah.
we kind of have the
same
goals
I
minoxidil.
I've heard
ocean
that's a lot, wow.
Yeah that I know on the shelf
mhm Yeah um kind of on an unrelated note, but you talked about bodybuilding and competitions, is that something you can actually make money from or it's uh just for fun?
Market
mm. Culture. But also I think it's cool that like your taking care of your body and yeah you could possibly get paid for it. Yeah,
Mhm. Mhm. So Casey Neistat, I think a Youtuber said that uh The hardest part is getting to the 1st 10,000 And then afterwards that 10 million was really easy. Yeah, I feel like it's just getting started and then it should hopefully skyrocket from there.
the hardest part is starting. But
I think that applies like in general, yeah, to a lot of different things. Oh, but go ahead. I cut, I cut you off.
No. Yeah, like exercise. Yeah,
Just
one
fish up.
same.
mm, mm hmm. I feel like, yeah, that's really good that you broken that wall, hurdle down. I also kind of feel that way about going to the gym. It can be intimidating. Yeah.
That's
true.
Yeah, I respect that. Yeah.
All
No, after
thank you for the inspiration available for us to, I feel it mhm,
mhm I think, oh wait this time.
No, no,
that
everything
you said, everything you said pretty much um travel complete. Yeah, yeah um you know, Yeah, but I'd say mostly travel like the different of the major countries that you listed, Korea, japan, europe, but what? Oh, but uh just uh just to go on a tangent, I've listen to a podcast recently where like in europe like pickpocketing is really common. Did you face that when you were there? Like getting mugged a
gun?
I okay
world
well
Mhm Yeah, it kind of makes me feel, makes me want to stay in my bubble more because of that. But yeah.
Await question is this a common experience in europe or like the other countries, this doesn't sound like something that happens in America or at least not where I'm from. I'm just, yeah, this is two different worlds,
that's
so nice.
mhm,
Oh well that's it.
No,
Oh, but that's good to know. So I think I'm a plan, my first travel trips, like when I can in asia.
Oh wow, this, this gives me hope, thank you.
mm hmm. Um can I just say, I think you would make a good youtuber or V lager? I feel like you should have started then when you're in those countries because yeah, it was fun listening to you. Um and also I feel like the niche like what you're doing is pretty cool. I feel like there's a market for it, like I'm in that bubble that is interested So yeah, keep up the great work.
When you say timing for Youtube, but would that consist of, I would imagine it's recording editing and that takes a lot of time.
no.
All
Mhm. But yeah, um I think what helps is finding the fund in it. But what can be really discouraging is that like when you you post and you put something out and like the only views argue refreshing if
No. Yeah, I feel that and I feel like that's what's important is like is it matters to you and not what other people think, but I feel like I'm, I'm preaching, but I don't practice. But yeah, you shouldn't really care about what other people think and you should just do it because it matters to you and yeah, that's what really matters. that's what really counts. But it I feel like most people myself included care about the numbers, the people that perception. Yeah.
Actually, yeah, I feel that.
Yeah. Yeah, that would be really cool. It's been nice chatting with you. Uh how do I do? We just close out of this?