Okay. Do that same technology that is used to sweep people up and into the ship's stand us transfer precisely. What are you doing about this one hours of style? Great job is to make sure any self to start time. We have placement work exactly what we do know for sure that we have a race intruder in this year. Track down. I have an idea. Wait, it's so much more than a few meters away. You're at the atmosphere and disengage the breath in the apartment. Okay. Oh. Mhm. You want me running in to make it look quite left the rear of the jumper? Do I need to remind you of the time? What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
Hello? Can you hear me okay?
Sorry this is a little strange. Hang on, let me get a little quieter in here. It's randomly strange. But okay
so I'm not it just said talk so where are you from?
I'm from uh well I'm not at home right now, but technically I'm from ST Augustine florida.
Um I'm at my house in Hudson florida. Um My mother lives near here and when the whole covid thing broke out it was kind of you know, easier to be near my mother than my fiance because his mother lives here too. So I'm staying with mom right now. And what, where are you from? Yeah.
man,
how long have you guys been? Um Under lockdown? Okay.
Sounds like us. Um We've been uh we've had like a stay at home order since the 23rd or 24th of March. Um I don't think they went
mandatory.
Well it's um they don't do anything if you don't. Um But for the most part we haven't here, we haven't been hit part at all. Our uh south florida has. South florida really has. And then my town of ST Augustine, our mayor, shut the town down really fast. It's a, it's a tourist destination. It's the nation's oldest city. And so they shut every, they closed the hotel's very quickly. We're used to it hurricanes. You know, they closed the town up kind of randomly. So um, the hardest part was telling tourists, you know, hey, come here. We really? Oh hush honey. My dog hears me talking
and so she wants in on my conversation here. Hey pumpkin. Give some pumpkins. I don't know if you can see her. Yes,
molly
molly molly. There we go. A little bit.
lady and uh, lay down sweetie. Now. Now she's like a two year old. She's 12. Um, but she was rescued, quit. Sorry for the interruption molly
enough
as command. I ever taught her was enough and she's going to talk back to me, don't you talk back to me go now? It's like, okay
mom,
She talks back, you know? Um she is like the funniest dog, she adopted a cat. I came home one day and found a cat right uh, in the um, in the little front screen area and I'm like, okay, well they get in, sometimes there are Farrell's in the neighborhood. So we um I put the cat outside and looked around to see if I could find a mom because it was just a baby. Um
big enough to be away from mom, but you know, just little one
and the next day I come back in and the cat is in the house. Now her collar molly's collar won't let anything but her pass through that door. It's got a radio collar.
and it lets, lets releases the magnet on the door so she can get in and out. And
so suddenly there's a cat and I'm like wait a second. And so I put the cat back outside again. Well this went on for a couple of days and then finally I saw molly letting the cat in.
I pushed
the door
open and with her nose and then kind of like nudge the cat up because there's like a little uh nudged the cat up but the cat jumps in, she dumps in and um
the cat hates me, absolutely
despises me, loves the dog as a matter of fact, um I can't feed my dog without feeding the gap first.
Um She will she won't eat, she'll stand there and look at me like no no
you got to feed the baby, she's not a baby anymore. It's been it's hilarious. So I have to have to explain to the vet that my pit bull adopted a cat. It's not my cat, it's the dogs, cats.
And
you know, and as far as people go, well, they have such a reputation. And as far as pit bulls go um she's like the worst of at the
people world.
there goof, muffins molly.
she's terrified.
We have. Okay.
You said your I
got a little bit
of a time.
people ask people ask me what breed she is. I'm having a real hard time hearing you. I think
I
lost
video. No, I can hear you just fine, we just lost video.
It actually looks like bandwidth problem.
Um I'm on fiber optic. Uh So
That
might
be better.
Yeah, I do. Faith. Sorry,
take your time. Mhm.
Okay, it's okay. So as um are you do you work from home or are you uh office employee or I think I may have lost you completely. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, videos back but very stuttering. Yeah,
And the sound?
Um you're a little bit pixelated?
No, I didn't,
It's okay. Um I have a 300 over 300
connection here, so um it I
work from
home,
I work well, I work from home, so I have to have the fiber, yeah, fiber was the best thing I ever went to do. You work from home room? Are you uh brick and mortar, importing
content
stuff,
crowd content,
like crowd content stuff? Um I
I've worked for app in mm for 15 years now um on a variety of projects. I right, do a lot of writing. Um I also, I do this of course, occasionally, I just think it's fun. Um I do sometimes I do transcription, I pick up a lot of stuff throughout work. But my main is writing, I write for a content writing service and I used to write for television. So um how long have you been working from home?
Of
course
not.
a lot
of my students um I used to be
and a lot of my students I taught visually impaired, I talked visually impaired and the
disparities between um
the Social Security, what they were getting and what it costs to live in the state of florida work. So insane. I used to drive me crazy. Um I got into working from home about 15 years ago.
Um Are they hurting you? I I've heard through happen because happened no longer hires from California, that the new law that you have. Did you have you heard anything about that?
Has that affected
that?
yeah a lot of my friends um were out in California and within the last year they've all been laid off happen. Um And when they were actively working they got an apology letter but due to the law and the legal restrictions um it was basically impossible for them for happen to keep them employed and you know of course they got unemployment and all of that that happens a good company, They're you know they're very nice there for one, they have a good for one K. Um They've got health insurance if you're a w two employee. Um and you make whatever you make a dollar or two over your minimum wage of your state. So um but as soon as I passed that law happened cut California Oregon and Washington I think. Um And they no longer have, they can't hire from there. Um It's just there's too much
um florida is actually, I like my own state. Um florida and I like north Carolina. Um I have a cabin up in north Carolina. Um And florida generally they do things that make sense as far as legislation. They haven't made a really silly law for a very long time. Um You know they didn't they the way that they did the closed down. I've been reading a lot about it but the way that they did the close down made sense. Um They closed our border. Um They stopped flights. Um You could leave if you wanted but you couldn't you couldn't come
here.
Um And then um they shut down the international airports first um basically started denying
people
access because we have Miami Orlando Tampa, Jacksonville all international airports. Um Then they store stopping people and turning them around um from high infection places training people from you know at the Georgia and florida border. Which is nice because we only have one border. Um And then
you know if
you're already in the state and in a hotel they let you stay out your little stay. Um They closed down restaurants. Um Most restaurants voluntarily did um went to half capacity and um moved separated tables. Um
But most restaurants did it voluntarily. Uh
So they were able to stay open longer. My
my fiance um is an executive chef and
my roommates up in ST Augustine um are both cooks. So they were hit really really hard when they finally went ahead and said okay we're going to do take out only and a lot of the employers were doing rotating rotating shifts um so that everybody was getting a little bit. Um And then um yeah
they, the ST Augustine is a relatively small town. Um But we are high tourist, Our population is only about 2,025,000. But our tourist population at any given time is 2-300,000. So um and they stopped. Yeah we we can hold a lot more people than actually live there. Um I don't know if you've ever seen anything about the area but it's a beautiful area. It's the nation's oldest city. Um There's a little bit
of an argument.
Yeah I'm sorry?
No
problem.
Same
coast, it's um it's
on
the
east
coast and it's up, it's the northern part. Um You have Jacksonville then you have seen Augustine and then you have, the next biggest town is Daytona. Um Orlando is kind of dead center in the state. Um So it's a little bit north of Orlando And north of Daytona and south of Jacksonville. Um it's uh it was
founded
in 1565 Which is 26 years before Jamestown. Yeah. Um it's a it's a wonderful place to visit if you ever do get the chance. Um We have absolutely gorgeous beaches. Um Not all beaches and everybody's like oh you know florida, all the beaches must be nice. No they're not no they're not.
We have liquid
something here,
we have liquid sunshine,
we
have liquid sunshine. Okay. Um
Yeah it rains about every day.
Um What's funny, it can be raining on one side of the street and not on the other. Ah
It is, it is very strange. Um You'll have to, I don't know if you can see this on the video, it's not going through real good. My hair is actually dark blue.
Um I'm a mermaid during the summer. We do, we do charity work, Children's charity work. And I had this past year I had
I had a four year old girl go, you're not a mermaid, mermaids are supposed to have blue hair and I'm like, okay, why not? So I've
been finding my hair you ever since?
Okay, why not? I work from home, it's not like a lot of people. Right,
mm Do you enjoy living in California? Do you enjoy living in California?
I
I
read
a lot, but
I don't believe a lot of what I read because I know that every news outlet has an agenda, you know, no matter what political party you are, no matter what affiliation, everyone has an agenda. So I try not to make a judgment of what I mean. Um or see, I don't watch Tv at all, um I only stream, I don't watch any news broadcasts, I don't need to be any more depressed, you know, I really don't, um
and I don't, I don't pay a lot of attention, I do, I do vote, but I don't pay a lot of attention to politics, you know, I know, um like I'll read up on the candidates and then I'll ignore all the campaign ads, but it just seems like a lot of what they just seem to be over legislating everything. Is that true living in California or is that just something?
well
of course,
wasn't,
so we're lucky, everybody in florida is pretty much moderate.
Um so we have, you know, each individual area um tends to believe very similar things. Um and so there isn't as much arguing as you see in other places within, within florida that, and most of our residents, um, are, most of our permanent residents are pretty laid back and there relatively, we have an old, we have a large older population and they really don't want to get into fights over, you know, who, who's, you know, they'd rather sit there and play bridge um, instead of fighting over politics. I know, the few times I've been in California, um, I was, you know, you know, I was approached several times by several people who wanted to discuss like political beliefs and views and things like that. And I'm like, I'm just here to work. You know, I'm just, I'm just here to work. I don't know anything about it. Um, What I like north Carolina simply because everybody leaves everybody else alone. You know, there's no, they have, um, kind of a very, uh, you do your thing, I'll do mine will be good sort of relationship. But um
I don't think I could admit I I could live in some place that has as many restrictions as California does.
It seems
like they're trying to make everyone happy, which is impossible, you know, that's what that was, was there trying to make everyone happy and in the process making no one happy. Um mm And I don't,
um new york's like that too, I have relatives in nature and if I don't if I want to discuss politics I can call them if I want to discuss anything else. No. Well um I lived Kennedy here. Um I'm on 25 acres. Um Mhm.
You know I my the rest of my family, not my mother, not my sister of course, but um the family that we have up north is like appalled that I carry a gun. Um And I'm like well I'm alone half the time on 25 acres of property. Um You know you never know when you're gonna come upon a coyote. We don't get much. There's there this neighborhood has like somebody's tractor may get stolen and you know some some kids may go out on a joy ride. But that's that's about it for crime, you know. So um over and saying all this, well because we have such a high tourist population in ST Augustine, we have um militant neurotic police. Um They are very uh they don't harass you. You know it's not a case of harassment, but if you are breaking the law you will get caught. Um They have the highest D. A. D. U. I. Dictionary. Um they have 200 bars. It's 200 bars in a four mile area And 18 liquor stores. Uh
uh You know I always tell people go to visit ST Augustine and I'm like whatever you do do take a cab, take an Uber. You know do not drink and drive because they give Um but you can feel it you can also feel safe for 3:00 AM. Um You know so it's definitely a different. Even the parts of florida that I go back and forth different you know radically different. Um So I can't imagine with having the diversity of California within such a big state and trying to come to a consensus on anything here. Well it does look like we are just over time. What do you think? Yeah.
Well
I'm sorry your name again?
Danielle Tanya by the way. Don't know if
I never did that.
It's very very nice meeting you well um you have a wonderful rest of your day. You
guys have more of day than we do
Because it's it's five year.
I wish I need another five hours a day. Um If you uh you ever looking for online work, have you ever been out to rat race rebellion? Mhm.
Yeah. Um They're good. And so and so his work from home mom. It's also really good for picking up psychics anyway. Yeah.
Have a wonderful day. Um And I think we disclose
these.
Yeah, I think
they
have questions
for
us and
I've had some strange survey. Uh No, basing good day. Okay
bye bye.