Hi
Yeah, can you hear me okay?
it is.
I did. Um where are you from?
Okay. And where are you right now?
Um Right outside sacramento in California. Um I live in Orangeville, Little town right outside of their but I'm with my family also. Uh my fiance and I both came here to weather
the storm I guess.
since God March around March 23 was my sister's birthday. I know it was like right after that that they put us on lockdown. So I want to say it was like 25 March.
Are you
guys like required to stay home or or is it
No.
Uh No, not yet. Can
your
oh hi baby? Are Shia people? Yeah,
No, you're
fine
Mom
serious?
yeah,
barely.
That's cool.
right. That's really cool.
What did you do? What you did? You just like stand there and open the door and let the cat go in because she would have to open
it, right.
Like
It's just
no.
You know, uh
that's
That's
funny.
people
that I know are like the big, just like goofiest, like just doing to do type of dogs, you know, like you're not like they're never mean unless their owners are, you know, I mean, I know that like they do have a bad rap, but that's mostly just because people suck, not because the dogs do.
Yeah, for sure, wow, my
my fiance.
Oh no, you're going,
fiance,
he
he we used to have a full full bred pitt his name was homicide. And and everyone like was like scared of him, but he was just like the biggest like goofball. Like he was always just like, hello. Just like in his own world. Just happy dog. Never. Anyway.
Oh shoot. I don't have my
headphones
out here.
Oh, you can hear me okay. Oh, that's weird because I can see my video on my side. Yes.
Come on.
me see if I can because I'm using my phone. Let me go on my wifi, I'm using
my phone
so
I'm just I'm gonna go into my play. Yeah. All right.
That's it. Hungary.
no, no.
yeah. Mhm. Because the video back.
Okay. All right. All right. There we go.
So I didn't I don't know if your answer.
Yeah. Yeah. You are a credit to. It must be I mean, I turned on my wifi it's working I think a little bit better, but
All
Yeah, it's probably
time
me.
Yeah. I am before leaving prior to the whole virus thing. I was I I work from home. I'm an independent contractor. I do like oddball projects and stuff for for different businesses and and I do a variety of so I work on Mturk online. Um and with a few different companies that are kind of like that where it's like you do like jobs, but mostly like administration
type
of work.
What's that?
Right. Right.
Mhm. I'm Well, it's been, I see what happened was I got I got sick and I got put on disability years right? And and when I got taken off disability, well taken off to where I could go back to work but I was still um I was still on I was still stable technically like I still got like Payment through so security but I needed a way to like supplement. There's no way that you can
live off of what they give you in social
security
and I was only in my mid-20s. Uh huh.
Mhm.
Well but I was.
too.
Mhm.
Yeah California is really bad.
Yeah. The independent contractor. A lie come on.
It hasn't it hasn't affected me. You know what I haven't I actually tried to get a job without and I couldn't so I guess maybe that is that would explain why because I I didn't get an explanation as to why not as to you know like
they didn't think um just that it wasn't the application was denied or whatever.
Well it's just one more reason to get out of California
I just
can't come back.
No that
was smart.
Right. Yeah it's pretty
easy
Yeah.
Yeah.
Are all our restaurants closed down?
Well
that's all
I've
been to florida I've been to florida and I've been down to like Key West
but I don't I don't know where ST Augustine isn't. Um I said I've been to florida I've been down to like Key West. Um But I don't know where that where, I don't know the geography
of
the state very well.
So
is
it
like
north?
I
know.
I remember this it the beaches over there there were a lot more like not so much sunny as they are over here or like I don't know maybe a time that I went there. I'm actually I was born in D. C. And I I grew up out there for the first four years and then we moved out here to California but we used to go back to the east Coast all all the time to visit family and because my mom and her whole family lives lives over them. So I've been in I've been on like vacation in south Carolina, we went to stay at a beach there or beach house or whatever years years ago. But
but
I've been in California for the most part ever since,
was
it?
Yeah.
What's liquid sunshine?
How weird.
No.
Oh, that's cool,
I
do that.
What's up
Um I mean I like California every time I've tried to leave here, I always end up back here, so I went and lived in Washington Seattle um for a year, a little over a year. I did that, I went in to, I was working at a girl scout camp as a counselor and then I was a ski instructor, ski and snowboard instructor in the wintertime up at Snoqualmie up there and it just seems like no matter where I go, I always end up back here, like no matter how much I try to get out of California, it's like, I'm, I, I'm destined to be here, but I think it's also because my family is here, um so it's harder for me to leave, like if they left my parents left, then I might leave like California, but because I don't, you know, if it's California, if it's just them, you know, like my family and my friends and all that are, you know? But, but
my parents, my mom is like ready to leave California with everything going on, like it's really expensive to live here, like there's just a lot of, and the bureaucracy, all the legislation stuff, it's just, there's a lot that goes on, it's like, what
are they doing,
you know?
So
Yeah. Exactly.
Yeah. I feel like they've got I feel like there's just a lot like, I mean I guess it depends also where in California because we were such a big state and we're so and so it's so different like southern California to northern California, like there's just like san Francisco, like it's a whole another world, you know? Um compared to the rest of the state, like I think there's a lot of a lot of mixed ideas here, like there's some very very liberal people and then some very conservative people and they're like rex to each other. And it's so I think that kind of like causes some issues sometimes, you know, because it's not like we're collectively we all believe similar things, you know?
Like
it's so diverse here. That that I think it makes it hard to to make decisions because everybody wants something different, you know, like so it's hard to it's hard to find a middle ground for like everybody and like the cost
of living is just so insanely high and can't, the job market is like not that great, you know, I mean it's a hard place to to succeed and do well in and to to be comfortable, you know,
I wasn't moving to like Uh huh.
Right. Right.
Mhm. Yeah. I mean I feel like in some in some cases like we're a very liberal state, but then it always were not so it's like it's just a lot of like mixed years, you know, like which which I think is is it's like who who's supposed to be in charge, what should we be doing? You know like there's just too much like too many kitchen, too many cooks in the kitchen and you know like that phrase like there's too many people involved involved I think in the in the politics that that makes it so difficult
here.
so then like nobody's gonna get their way and everyone's pissed?
wow. Nice.
Oh wow jesus.
that was a lot a lot easier, a lot quicker than
I thought it would be.
No. Yeah. Danielle,
Danielle
yeah. Nice to meet you
it's
all right you do
Yeah like two o'clock
Um Yeah yeah I've been to the website. Right.
Yeah. No awesome thank you. Thank you. I appreciate it.
All right. You too.
Mhm. Yeah I think we're supposed to go back to the last page
or think
or something
and get
the
I think we have to fill out a survey or something.
you too.