mori
well we turn my speakers down. My name is jay
you doing this morning?
I'm
going to fight
in
here
so
you
can see. I'm sorry
it is tending a can am
seven. Okay.
Uh so
you're on the west coast. Sweet. I love California.
Just outside of D. C. In alexandria Virginia. Mhm. Yeah.
yeah it's chilly. It is currently 39° outside.
How about you with the temperature in Cali yeah
well
preschool you like central or southern
Southern. My wife and I went on a trip two years ago I think it was now we flew
into san Francisco and then we spent like two weeks driving down the coast. We made it as far as like Monterey I
think. Yeah we loved it. It's beautiful. Yeah.
I'm sorry are you still there? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Maybe I lost you catch. Uh huh. Are you still there?
can now yet you cut out for a second there. Yeah.
we moved here from Pennsylvania three years ago for my wife to take a teaching job. She's a kindergarten teacher. How
about
you?
It's hard,
it's really hard. Especially you know her her grade is kindergarten so the kids are like five years old. So it's very difficult. You know, a lot of the stuff that she does is like hands on, you know how to hold the pencil the proper way and you know um like it sounds and stuff. There are a
lot of them are predominantly spanish speaking. She's bilingual. Um So it can be difficult sometimes with like the mouth shapes. She she always talks about, I guess the shapes your lips form when you make certain sounds very important that they get it right. And it's hard to see that over the internet and it's difficult but she's doing very well I think
we like we like uh Shannon Doha is like an hour
and a half
almost. So we have been going there pretty regularly like once a month or so to hike you like to be outdoors hiking, camping, that sort of stuff. But being so close to the district it's nice to like you don't see the monuments and the museums and all that stuff is like 10 10 minute drive or like right across the river so it's right there. Yeah.
How about you? What do you do for fun in California?
I always like the driving's.
like
movies
too. I do miss the movie theaters. Yeah
I
like all sorts of different movies. I guess my one of my favorite genres is probably like documentaries, like a lot of good documentary. Yeah. I love to learn.
Both. Yeah I love biographies but I also love history and science. So I really I just like to learn for the most part if it's something like that I'm interested in or haven't like even heard about it will hold my attention just because if I haven't heard about it and I'll probably be interested because I just like to know stuff. Mhm mm
We do, yes. Both of us are big fans of scary movies. Um
every Halloween you know it's almost all all month long for all of october we're watching
our movies. Yeah.
Are
you are a movie fan?
Which one is your favorite?
Okay, right. I got you. I think I think
probably
Halloween is my favorite with Michael Myers. I am. I saw an interesting thing about it. I think maybe it's last calling. Um I saw a video clip online and it was like it was just a normal click first and it was, you know, he's going after somebody and then in the second clip, everything's the same. Except they took the score, like the music, they removed the music from the scene. So you have all of the environmental noise, footsteps, the door close screams, but none of the music. And it was like, not only was it not scary, it was boring. Like it was Michael Myers slowly walking after someone, you know, like no, with no music, it's like
really kind of boring. It was blew me away. I knew music was important to that stuff, but I had no idea just how important, you know?
I don't think
so. What was it?
I've seen Children of the corn.
No, I haven't
seen that
one. I like that one.
No, he loved Children, but we're like, financially not really comfortable having a, having a child,
you know?
Okay, we're not super comfortable financially, just the two of us. Um, so definitely don't want to have, you know, all of the added expense that comes with having a child. Um we would really like one and so we just decided that we would not have like a kid of our own and if at some point in the future we are more financially secure that we would look into fostering or adopting neither neither of us feel like, oh, I wanted to be like my kid genetically and biologically, like I don't care about that. That doesn't matter to me at all. Um but we'll see if we get there financially, I would love to do that. But how about you, do you have any Children?
Only 20 Okay.
do you think you might want
to do for a career? Have you, are you in college, have you started
And it's, that's awesome.
I actually
contemplated going into criminal justice. Yeah.
I ended up going into graphic design at philadelphia University. It used to be used to be textiles it was called. Um but I,
I don't do, I don't do that like uh full time anymore. I still do some design link Freelance jobs or for friends and stuff, but I don't do it 9-5. I just paint houses now. What made you want to go into criminal justice? Do you have family that doesn't
Mm Yeah, I'm having trouble hearing you again. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The connection was not great there and I lost you. I'm sorry.
So
originally
I was going to go into criminal justice, I also, I also wanted to go into law enforcement, I wasn't sure if I wanted to do. I
love
figuring things out. I thought maybe I would want to be like a detective or an investigator of some kind. Um and I ended up applying to ST joseph's university in philadelphia and my
grades
were good enough to get me in. I'm an Eagle Scout, like I have the extracurriculars and stuff at the time that you needed. Um and I had started hearing from friends like that they had gotten their acceptance letter and I thought that's strange.
I haven't
heard anything. So I thought I already talked to them and we talked to them and they're like, we don't have your application and like I definitely have my applications and it two months ago and they put me on hold and they come back and they're like, oh, we just found it. It was in this, this pile, you know? Or sometimes they end up not really supposed to end up there, but yours did, we'll make sure it gets, you know, put into the stuff to get looked at. And so I ended up getting wait listed. And so I just decided
to pivot and and look into graphic design because I was also, it was kind of kind of torn between which one I thought I wanted to do, and I ended up fighting on criminal justice because I thought it was more important, I guess, you know what I mean? Like, I thought it was more impact pulling people's lives. And so when that didn't work out, I didn't want to wait a year to go into school. So I went to you for graphic design, I think I dodged a bullet, especially considering uh climate
in law enforcement now, you know? Um
and even just believe it's this one. Yes, scary how I'm like, I have uh double law is one of my hobbies, so I'm always following different cases and
paying attention to like rulings and things and it's very concerning to me, the state of our legal system and our law enforcement today. It doesn't seem like this uh it doesn't seem like it's a good system for society. Certainly not if we want to have our liberty and our freedom and our pursuit of happiness, you know what I mean? So I'm very glad I didn't end
up going into that feel then because I think it would have been pretty easy for me to
get wrapped up in that bad idea of where the good guys. So it's okay if we maybe break the law or it's okay if we maybe don't do things the way we're supposed to because the good guys, you know, like I couldn't, I could see myself falling into that trap and I think that's what big
part of why we have some of the problems that you have. So I think that kind of about the bold there, but you know the graphic design things didn't exactly work out phenomenally for me, peter. I do like, I do like design and art and I always have, I just don't enjoy doing it professionally for somebody else. Okay. Do you know where you want to go to law school?
And that's great. I've seen a good bit of the country now.
I went out to California, been as far south as florida, as far north as boston colorado. Ohio. Just about every state on the east coast. Because I've lived here my whole life now there's a lot, I haven't been in practice yet. I've always wanted to go to texas. What?
Yeah, I think so. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. So other than other than like hiking and the movies, we have only that one of our goods trains actually the person who he met through its a girl who used to live down the street from my parents. So
I grew up with canning our friends. That's actually how I met my wife Donna Marie was genuine and he also moved down to Virginia. I think it was immediately year before we did. Mhm. So there are a couple of blocks away. So we hang out with them sometimes. Obviously not as much with Covid, but even since then we
been by
twice and we go straight to the back yard and they're on one side of the fire pit and we're on the other side of the fire pit and we just sit by the fire and hang out
we can still get some hanging in that way and we don't feel like we're being foolish and worry, no people's all for whatever.
But I also like, you know, I like to do some of the art stuff and I like to work with my hands. So I spend, we spend some time doing like craft and I recently re finish our coffee table and stand it down and we got a new coat of uh polyurethane on it. Looks nice. Well good. Okay. Yeah,
no, we both love dogs and would like to have a dog what's important an apartment now and also being three or so hours, 2.5, 3 hours away from like most of our family and stuff I worry
about, you know, if we were to go to go somewhere or have a trip or and just the fact that it's an apartment and you know, I don't, if I were to get a dog, I would want like a medium to large sized dog. I grew up with like uh labs for the most part um and I feel like our one bedroom is too small for like I'm eating inside, you know, do you have many times? Do you have that,
yep, curly white hair?
They
are
there, they're very good notes.
Yeah, it depends. A
good number of them are fairly calm. I've met, you know, every dog is different. I've met a handful labs that were rambunctious and have lots and lots of energy, but I think for the most part, I would say they're pretty even keeled, you know, they can get excitable, but for the most part they're pretty calm. Excuse me. Do
you play any video games or any games?
I actually haven't tried that one yet. I've seen all the memes and everything online but I haven't tried it myself.
Do you like
it?
mm
I've been playing um Destiny
two mainly recently. I got google stadia. Have you heard about?
So it is a cloud gaming service so I can log into like my my profile anywhere. I have a browser,
chrome browser or anywhere. There's a chromecast which is like google's version of the fire stick or whatever. You plug it into your tv and you can cast videos to it from your computer. I can
also play on those. Uh huh And it's great. I don't have to you know I don't have to spend $300 or $400, for a console, like a new placed agent or whatever. Um the games are all digital so I don't have to worry about like physically storing actual games, it's all over the internet. So I just log in and say this is the one I want to play and then everything streams over the internet. Yeah it's impressive how well it works. You would think streaming at four K. High debt stuff. It would be like really slow and lagging but in most part I almost have no issues with flag input whatsoever. It's it's crazy. It's very impressive. I like it. Okay. No
I did
I I played soccer
when I was very small in like elementary school. I ran track in like middle school and then I wrestled in high school wrestling was
by
far the most difficult sport I ever played.
How about you? Do you like sports?
All
even.
No So I watch some baseball. I do like baseball, it's a little bit slow. But one of the things I love about baseball is like the silliness. I feel like the I don't
know if it's the pace of the game where you have like a lot of time where you're sitting around doing nothing like if your team is at bat or whatever, you know what I mean? I imagine the guys, but I've seen like a lot of um like film clips and things. Have you ever seen the Hotfoot trick?
It's silly. They like put they stick a piece of paper in the back of some guy's shoe and then they light it on fire and wait for him to realize that use on fire. But
they, you know, they do like lots of silly stuff like that. And so I like to see, I like to see that stuff, you know? Um, but
we usually watch the Phillies. Um, where,
where we're from, in pennsylvania
is just
like
an hour outside of philadelphia. So I'm an eagles fan and a Phillies fan, I don't really want to copy, but I guess I would be a flyers
fan if I did. Right, okay, The
Dodgers
won.
they want it all
last year. Congratulations. That's awesome.
Not really. That's the one sport I was never like a huge fan of and I don't know why. I just never, never really got into it. We're like uh there was like a season or two when Alan Iverson was real big that the sixers were like, they did pretty well and I think even went to the playoffs and I watched that season, it was like one season and I actually saw most of the sixers games, but I think that was it. Are you laters? Thank you.
very cool.
Yeah,
communal.
So my mother
was
going to come down here right now. I have always Turkey. Um, ever since I was 15 or 16 my family
used
to go over my grandmother's house. Um and my father would cook an extra turkey because he has so many brothers and sisters that there would be like 30 or 40 of us at my grandmother's house.
She would cook a bird and my father
would cook a bird. And when I was 15 or 16 I asked him if if I could cook a turkey. Um and he said like, oh yeah, sure if you want to do it, you know,
and I don't have to, that's great. So I cooked a bird that year and it went very well. I enjoyed cooking it and everybody really enjoyed
eating it. So ever since then I cook the bird every year my dad is no longer with us, so I thought it would be great for mom to come down and I could cook dinner for here. But with the covid, I thought better to not do that, you know? So we'll have our thanksgiving here. It'll just be me and anna Marie, I think.
What do you usually do? Uh
you
Do you like that black
friday
Yeah,
nope.
Not once.
No.
I'm not
really scared. It's just, I
I like people, but at the same time I really don't like people. And when you like as they get into larger
and larger groups, I feel like I like them less and less. Um So I usually try to avoid like really big crowds or anything where I know it's going to be like very, very hectic
and like out of my control. I want to I want to avoid that stuff for the most part, so cove it's been really nice for me because it's been quiet and I don't have to like go to things where
there's a bunch of people. I love it.
How
about,
very nice talking with you
as well.
You too. I have a great holiday.
Thanks. See