I
can you hear me? Everything good,
I'm doing good. Um Yeah like just being here at home the whole day, it really knew much. Um How about you?
Yeah where where do you live?
Um House look like corona situation there in indiana.
I'm in new york.
Yeah it's super bad here. Um Yeah and today I just went out to do like the essential stuff like to do laundry and boy everyone's outside like I don't know, No
1's I think everyone is easing up with their like self isolation thing and I don't know. Hopefully it doesn't um like you know make the pandemic worse.
Yeah so the cases are going down but the death rate it's still pretty high. It has not much
no.
hopefully
though
how's the weather there? Because right here it's sunny and hot so that's why people are just going out. How about there?
So it's bloomington like a university town.
are you a student yourself? Okay, that's cool. What are you taking up?
so they canceled the whole thing like you don't where the toga or anything like none
of it
will
happen.
True man that that kind of sucks. You've worked
like four years or five years for that then you know? I have.
now.
Yeah that's true like everyone's just not working right now, it kind of sucks.
So I'm I'm a student too but I'm also a practicing physical therapist. Yeah so right now I'm just um starting my doctorates. Um I've been at it for two semesters now so I have maybe three semesters to go, oh I still have maybe a year and a half left.
so that's the so we are considered essential to basically but if you work in hospitals or what they call it like the skilled nursing facilities. But for me I I work at a orthopedic or outpatient setting. Yeah. So and it's basically more on like just foot pain, um orthopedic cases, ankle pain, ankle sprains. So like I don't that sucks for me, I don't have work because they just decided to close down the facility. Yeah.
But at least I have like school right now to keep me busy so I can't I can't really complain there.
Well how about you? Like are you planning to just stay there in indiana or like move somewhere else?
So is it will you just move based on like where you can find at work?
Gone.
Mhm. How about like when before this happened? Are you did you want to work at like, I don't know maybe like some big tech companies or something
with west Coast limb in silicon valley like in California.
Mhm. But right now yeah the job market is down a lot of fun memories,
Yeah, for sure. I think so.
Late.
so like you said a while ago like some students right now they're like gone from indiana, they went home and stuff. Like how about you? Do you have like family around?
Okay. Yeah because they thinking about it like for a lockdown like a month or two, some people would rather prefer to go to where family is, you know and just being, I don't know, just being stuck in a apartment or something like alone. That would feel um kind of bad. But I guess you have your girlfriend there so that would make better.
That's crazy.
Yeah. So you were born in India then you just came here for like school and stuff?
Oh then did you know english before then?
That's
Oh I did
yeah that's interesting.
So I I'm not sure from the Philippines. Um But I've been in the U. S. For, let me see For three years now. Um I went to Alaska for two years then I just came to new york maybe like um six months ago. Yeah so I don't know when I got here I just had a job for a few months than found an apartment. Everything than the lockdown how happened and stuff. So I would rather be
in Alaska in quarantine. You know at least there's no people there, you can walk around see nature here crazy. But yeah
yeah all my family is here too though there in Utah. Um Yeah so I can't, I mean if given the choice I won't go back to the Philippines because I don't have anyone there and my parents are they're kind of old, they're like Late 60s, so if I would go to Utah then I would just put them in danger. So I'd rather stay here all right.
I think um like looking at where I live um people are kind of okay with it, but like looking at the news, I think people are like having protests and stuff and um like I think so I've been around, I'm the city doing like, like laundry, grocery shopping and stuff mostly in Manhattan. It's people are okay there. I guess that's like where the rich people are, so they can do the lockdowns and stuff. Um Yeah,
so there's not much of like, there's not a lot of people around um in queens area though where it's kind of maybe like the working class. Um Yeah, there's a lot of people because I guess they need to work, they need to go out and do stuff um Brooklyn, it's I don't know, there's like still a lot of people in Brooklyn tail, so I don't know like having like knowing that new york has the highest number of cases, but people are still going out. It kind of concerns me because I mean when this thing um like when the government, what they call it, when the governor would actually open the state, like how would that impact us and stuff? A second wave, Like that would that would hurt I guess more than the first, so I'm kind of scared about that.
Yeah. Um I have my a few classmates here, so everyone back in the Philippines where I graduated college, they moved here, so that's why I moved here too because they actually referred me to the job. So I guess that's just it. Um I live in an apartment like so I live in an apartment that's like shared. I have one of my friends here. Um but that's basically it. So, but it's been pretty good like having a friend to talk to and stuff. So that really helps aside from just doing it alone, Katie. And it's weird too because new york has like a hotline for um like news and stuff. So I actually subscribe to it and like every day or maybe every other day they send tax, like if you have depression or if you have mental issues and stuff, please call this hotline and
like realizing they're doing that. That means like people are really um suffering from like maybe being isolated or feeling lonely and it's crazy. People are really suffering from this I guess.
What's your schedule? Like do you still like wake up? I don't know, like am sleep at like 10 PM or has it been like all over the place?
Aim.
that's good. And I bet that would help to like having routines. But for me though like even though I live with someone man, I I sleep at like five a.m. Now I wake up at like three p.m. Then the next day
I sleep at like 10 PM and wake up at like six a.m. It's been crazy. Um And I think it actually it doesn't help like when you wake up at like, I don't know, maybe a couple of days ago I woke up at like five p.m. And all you see is darkness now you don't see the sun and I don't know it just makes everything way worse.
that's true. Uh huh.
Yeah so I'm busy would score and um like even before the quarantine like even um I'm I play games and stuff, I'm always thinking in my computer so I can I can basically do it, it's fine, I don't feel super down, I don't feel super depressed. Um And I bet you're kind of the same to like even before the quarantine I bet you're in your computer all the time.
Yeah so I think that helps like having our kind of our world um like online being able to do stuff, being able to serve the internet. I think that really helps.
but have you um there's like this is what I read from the news and stuff so there's like two kinds of people like who just wants to chill out, do nothing and feel good and there's another set who wants to like you know like work out, I need to come out of this um lockdown feeling better, looking better or like have a scale, have whatever. Like where do you think you're in like in those two groups? Uh huh.
All right.
Okay. That's good.
Yeah. Like even Me too. I mean the second.
Yeah, I want to be the first though, but I don't know like people are saying that because of the pandemic thing. Everything is passed. I mean, yeah, everything's paused. But we're still getting older. Our bills are still coming in so it's just hard to like just chill out, you know?
Yeah. I try like since I'm a physical therapist, like even before I I tried to work out every day. Um I miss going to the gym though. Like really having weights and stuff. Like right now, I'm just um stuck to like the resistance bands, the body weight workout, but like we're working at really helps. Um Yeah, it does.
So you're you said you just finished masters, are you like around 25-30?
Yeah, everything's um take out and you know those those apps um like Door dash or whatever. We just do that. Um It's crazy though because whenever you go to the grocery stores, I don't know if it's the same there, but you have to line up Because they like limit only like 10 people inside the grocery stores and you have to line up for like an hour before you actually get in. So that's the stressful part about it.
That's good.
that's again and like since that's like a small town, you have cars, right?
Yeah, that that makes shopping a lot of things easier because here we don't um Yeah, so I can only buy the things that I can carry and. Yeah that that kind of sucks too.
No um I mean my groceries just like a block away, but actually like I can like with my job right now like I can buy a car if I want to do, but I'd rather like not to Because with the subway like I can get to queens to like Manhattan in like 30 minutes. But if I buy a car it would take, I don't know maybe more because of traffic. I'd have to find parking spots. I have to um pay for monthly What they call it rent, which is like I think it's like 200, a month to just find a rent a space to park your car. And yeah
so
it
really and then
crap that's cheap. We achieve.
So it just makes a lot of sense. Do not do not have a car, especially when you're single. You don't have a family yet so yeah I'll just stick with the subway for now.
Um So I only be I'm sorry I only meet with my friend that lives um in the same apartment complex but with the other ones, I don't really go out to them because it's like a good um Let me think Maybe like 30 minutes going to their place and I have I'd have to ride the subway again which is I don't know it's kind of I'm kind of wary to ride the subway because it's closed um 4th and stuff so I'd rather not.
Yeah that's true. Yeah.
Um They're doing good even before the quarantine. They only just watch netflix too, they really go out. Um Yeah but yes they live with their grandkids so that that makes things way better. Um They live with my brother too so I don't I don't think they're getting too lonely there.
How about the situation of the pandemic in India? I heard it's getting worse there.
question. So when when would we know that this um this thing is finished?
Um
So wait let me check. We just have to stay on the video for 25 minutes. Right?
my timer says 32
but what's next though? Um
And we won't close this tab. Right Not yet.
Are you like
you can? Okay
sweet
Well thank you so much. That was
yeah that was great. Yeah have a good day and be safe.
Right good. Nice to meet you though. Right.