Uh huh. Have entered the video of conversation? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. You're talking about yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
Hey?
yeah I can hear you. It's all good. Um Yeah. So how is it going?
Yeah. Pretty much the same. Think been social distancing now for something like I think one month over one month uh easily over one month losing track of time.
I'm in bloomington indiana. How about you?
Uh It's okay. Um I mean it's not as bad as some other states but I think it's okay. Uh Where are you located?
Okay. Oh that's uh things are bad. Right.
What?
Okay. Um Yeah I mean like are the the cases in new york are going down now? Right slowly though
Yeah. Okay. Uh So the death rate hasn't gone down yet
I guess I would reflect a little later right like until um you know I think all those people who are counting towards the death rate would have been admitted some two weeks three weeks earlier I guess it'll get down lower. Like I think two weeks from now hopefully. I don't
I mean nobody knows.
Yeah but if you're saying that everyone is out now then I don't know how that's going to let impact the thing.
Yeah things are, it's actually getting Sonnier now. Uh It was yeah I think we expected we expect it to get a little harder earlier I think it should have been but now the sun is coming out and but there have always been people just exercising and everything and I'm in bloomington. It's not there aren't any students around or anything like that, that's usually most of the crowd here. So uh otherwise the streets are pretty empty. Um So that's good I guess.
Yeah. Yeah indiana University uh So Almost you know 90% of the people we encounter here usually students and I think they've they've sent almost everybody home.
Uh I do human computer interaction like it's user experience design and stuff like that. Uh Yeah and I'm actually graduating this week. Uh There's no there's no graduation happening obviously. Yeah.
no
I
think
yeah none of that will happen. I mean the university president has said that you know it's postponed indefinitely. Uh Which for us it just means cancel because I mean who's gonna stay here just for or come back just for the graduation ceremony? Uh Well we'll all be busy with jobs and things like that so.
I mean
I mean yeah I'm actually a masters student so I guess I'm less committed to this place than, you know, undergraduate students because I've only been here two years. Um
Yeah, I mean, I don't know if that makes things better, like what? But things are certainly bad because like, you know, we're graduating now and like the job market is horrible, like uh
Yeah, what do you do?
okay. I think by then I hope things will be better. So if you're a physical therapist, I mean like uh are you practicing right now? I mean like are you able to go out and practice physical therapy?
Yeah.
Okay. Yeah, that's that's good. I mean uh Mhm. Yeah, I mean like it's it's lucky for students who are going to remain students through this and like, you know, afterwards like because like they're not just thrown out into this world in this condition, right? Like, so I I guess that's the positive of that mm
Right now I'm here in indiana, find some work at the university and stuff like that. But uh afterwards like I'm still looking for jobs and everything. We've been looking for a while um Yeah, definitely moving out of your, just don't know where or when.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean before, before all this happened, uh you know, we had preferences about, oh, I want to go to the state or like, you know that state, but now all of that's like, you know, not
reasonable. Like you just have to get something that itself is a challenge and just go where it is.
Yeah, I mean the idea was go to the West Coast or or even, you know, new york, you know, there's lots of opportunities in new york. Uh So we were thinking along those lines but yeah. Uh
Yeah California Seattle places like that, usually they have really good opportunities.
Yeah it was scary because like you know we were thinking about like three states um by B I mean like me and my girlfriend uh and she's actually sitting right here. Um We were thinking about three states California Washington, uh new york or something, you know, things like that and those three were the hardest hit places in fact first.
let's
see like there's a lot of uncertainty about you know how to actually proceed with this, so hopefully like things will get a little better. Mhm.
I have family around in California and everything, but for now I'm just staying here, like most by most of the students who have left, I mean their undergrad, so like they stayed in dorms and things like that, they've shut those places down, but you know, graduate students have, you know been staying outside, so uh it's more manageable for us and I think even among graduate students, a lot of people have, you know gone to States where there's family and things like that, I'm just saying here right now and then like, you know to stay close to the university and like, you know, get some job there makes things a little easier and besides, it's not like the other states are like really safe either, so.
Yeah, we've been in quarantine and you know, having each other for company definitely helps. Like I can't imagine just being alone throughout this whole period I think yeah,
I'm also an international student, so uh like if I really have to like go where family is that would be like you know India or like I have some family in California, I can also go there but California is not exactly like safe right now and traveling out of the country is not exactly an option with you know, all of the visa stuff.
Yeah I came here like I came to the U. S. Just two years ago.
Yeah. Yeah I did. Uh
yeah we speak a lot of languages in India. So like all of us don't know each other's languages very well. So like we usually communicate them english. Yeah
especially if you travel between the states and India and everything. I studied inequality where there were people from different parts of the country. So all they all have like different native languages and things like that. So all of us used to just communicate in english. So
yeah. How are you, when did you uh like how long have you been here?
great.
Mhm.
that makes sense. Yeah. Like uh in new york, like how are people feeling about the lockdown? I mean like are they like we need to reopen or like are they okay with the lockdown?
Yeah.
Yeah. So like what did your day look like, you know, before all of this africa, like do you have, you know, people close to you there in new york because you said you had more than just recently? Right.
No.
Yeah. I I wouldn't have, you know, realized before that, you know, being in quarantine would affect people this much like mentally, but like you know, but now every time you see online it's like all people are like depressed and like feeling that I mean like I feel it too like uh because like we've been indoors like for like more than a month now and you know every day is just the same way we wake up work, like apply for jobs, get rejected, go to sleep. Like it.
it's been like a week. It's I feel like it's kind of shifted uh towards a little later. Like I go to sleep now at around you know 1:30 a.m. Or like two a.m. And wake
up at 10 a.m. I feel like it used to be a little like you know, shifted by one or like earlier like I would sleep at like 12 30 or one and then like wake up earlier. But it's that way it's been like not much difference. I feel like I think things will definitely be a lot different if I was living alone. I feel like, you know, there would be no regulating factor or anything like to my sleep schedule or anything. So I think having people around us what keeps that stable somewhat.
This
Yeah. I can definitely feel that like, you know, sometimes when I, you know, make the like make the choice to sometimes sleep in the evening, like I'll say I'll just take a nap for a little bit and then you wake up to three years later, it's completely dark and everything and like you're like, what day is it?
Yeah. So what do you do like to pass the time? Like are you busy with like schoolwork?
Yeah. From waking up and I was like going to buy, it's basically just looking at the computer.
Yeah. Yeah. But also I think like even though I was still on my computer, I was still a little surrounded by people. I think, you know that difference. I can surely feel it now. It's just like, you know, the there was like a bad idea of places I could go and like work and like walk around between like I'll go to a cafe and do the stuff I need to and stuff like that. But now it's just okay. Like bedroom or living room. Like those are the only two options and like it's getting yeah. Like I feel like that needs to be like a good mix of things. Maybe I'll work in the bathroom or something. I don't know. Um Yeah.
I'm
tempted to like go down that first. I would like to just chill out because like this is like a serious event and everything like you don't need to like feel pressure but the truth is I do feel pressure like, you know, I have to get a job like otherwise like I have to like, you know, I have to work and like I have to get a job and like for the job I have to make myself competitive and like, you know, so although I would like to be in that first category and I think like if I had a secure job and everything like I would be but like given that given my current situation, I think I'm forced to be in the second category right now.
Like,
like
that's true. Like a lot of things have stopped, like a lot of important things but like all the things which maintain pressure on us are still like continuing like it's that's not stopped, it's just like we have to continue our previous lifestyle but in worse condition like that's it. So that's bad. Um Yeah, I mean like do you work out and stuff like?
Yeah, I go out like uh I try to run every ordinary day and like you know on the days when I'm not running, like usually my girlfriend and I go for walks like that definitely makes a difference. Like in our day, like before walking after walk, like you feel a lot better like once you've been outside like but staying inside like you're quite depressed and like once you go outside you're like okay things are, the world is still out there. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. uh 27 to be specific like uh Yeah I mean hopefully like when my birthday comes in a few months like we'll be able to go outside, let's see. Yeah mm okay so what about food situation like are like is there take out available in new york?
Right. Yeah it's actually not like that over here because there are already very few people uh
so you can just go in, the grocery stores are not very crowded just when you check out like you have the they have set up like you know lines on the ground that like okay like first person, second person like so that your socially distanced and everything but getting inside the grocery store is is not a problem right now. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah we do
Yeah, I don't think about that actually like you know when I think about new york like I just think like, you know, there's a lot of people there and like, you know, it's a high cost of living and I assume that like they must also have like cars to get it on. But like, yeah, that's true that like, you know, a lot of people actually don't have guys because everything must be closed by and walkable and like because it's dense rate.
That's
like
my apartment,
like my apartments around like you know 3 50 Like including utilities. So
Yeah. Wake up.
Yeah. Like what are your other friends doing? Like do you get to meet friends? Like I mean all of you are socially isolating, but you know, do you still get to meet each other because that would still be safe? Right.
Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. If there are 30 minutes away then it's like not for that I guess you just have to maintain your friendships or radio calls.
So like how are your parents doing in Ura?
Yeah that's good.
Yeah it's so right now there actually aren't that many cases reported but I don't know like whether that's accurate or like whether that's because of like a lack of testing. I mean they are definitely not testing enough. Like it's a his country um with a very dense population. Like I'm pretty sure they're not testing enough but I think they are taking the right steps. Like just recently they had a four day complete lockdown basically. Like even the essential services were locked down except except pharmacy stores I think it was um Yeah, so they've been taking steps to address the situation. I just don't know whether it's enough like social distancing is definitely happening, but like they're still like very optimistic about it. Like I think now they've extended the social distancing guideline for until I think two weeks from now like and we know it's not going away in two weeks, right? So like they're they're still being like very optimistic about all like we'll open up after two weeks and things like that. But, but I think otherwise I guess it's being handled okay. It's really hard to tell when you're in another country. Uh huh.
Id don't know if he'll ever know like, I mean there has to be a vaccine that loved or you know, I think I think this is going to be changed for like a long time to come. Uh and I don't think it's just going to disappear like people are still going to be infected and stuff like that. And I think under the vaccine comes along like we have to keep treating it seriously I guess. Mm
hmm. Okay.
Yeah, I think so. And I think, yeah. I think, I think like we've been honored for Oh, I love.
Mhm. Yeah. I think like, yeah, we're good actually. Okay
at I think like we just have to go into the page and hit necks.
huh. Uh Not yet I guess. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Okay.
I think we can actually uh close this now.
Because
it just has some additional questions. Okay.
It was great talking to you.
Yeah. You do. I mean like this is an interesting thing to do during quarantine. Yeah.