SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. This yeah, they're not ready to be in your head. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Oh. Mhm. Look, yeah. Pick or shoot tired of why. Oh yeah, that's you. Hey, look at your feet inside. He serenaded by what we will. Yeah. Mhm. Wait. Uh Yeah, sure. Uh no matter what you say. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Hello? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Not to worry. Is as a minute late,
SPEAKER_L: pretty
SPEAKER_R: how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: good. Um Yeah, just working on school stuff. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, pretty good. Just kind of like winding down um where
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: are you from? Where you, where you calling calling? I don't know where you chatting from?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Los Angeles. Well.
SPEAKER_R: I am, I'm in new york, so I'm on the opposite coast. Um Are you, are you from there originally?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was born in Los Angeles, so yeah,
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: I was born in Los Angeles and then I moved to san Diego and then came back to Los Angeles. So yeah, I'm pretty much all California.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, very nice. I've been to California like a few times, but not since maybe 2013 was
SPEAKER_L: I'll
SPEAKER_R: the last time I was there, I was like I was in san Diego um but only for a few days, but it's nice there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean like, I mean, I don't know how how is the air quality where you are now? Are the fire mostly? There
SPEAKER_L: I think,
SPEAKER_R: you go.
SPEAKER_L: I think my area was kind of scared from most of the from the worst of it. Um Also I was like staying inside most of the time because of quarantine anyway. So it's like, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Right. So I guess, I guess if the air quality is going to be terrible,
SPEAKER_L: what's
SPEAKER_R: it may
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: as well be
SPEAKER_L: baby?
SPEAKER_R: at a time when you're not supposed to be outside anyway.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, pretty much it worked out. But
SPEAKER_R: How's
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: the how's the covid situation in L.
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: A.
SPEAKER_L: Hard to say just based on like I don't I don't like I hear some shouting outside sometimes and that's mostly because of the whole election thing. Um In terms of covid I think at least in my part of town I guess most people seem to be wearing masks, distancing. I don't know like in general, but it seems all right so far. How about new york?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No um so it's new york is doing really well compared
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: to where we were in the spring, but it is getting worse. Um So like the Governor tweets like a graph every day of the total hospitalizations per day and like over the course of this whole pandemic and you can see on the graph that like april may june it was in the like like close to 20,000 people
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: hospitalized at a time per day. And so now it's down to it's like less than 2000 still, but for a while in like august it was in the like four or 500 range. So like we like so like we're still way better than where we were but it is kind of creeping up every day. Um So
SPEAKER_L: Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: it's like a little bit scary because I feel like I don't know, I mean people here honestly I do really see a lot like most people seem to wear masks um Like having lived through what it was like here. I think people like people here believe that Covid is real, you
SPEAKER_L: exact
SPEAKER_R: know, maybe not everybody right, but like most people um you know, people seem to take it pretty seriously with some exceptions I guess, but it's surprising that it is going up, but who knows? Um
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, so I don't know like now it's fine, but we like see it coming and I think they are possibly about to close like the public schools and like make all the kids go back to virtual learning, so they're like, we're kind of like battening down the hatches and
SPEAKER_L: Hi,
SPEAKER_R: like getting ready for like another pretty serious wave of it, but it's not here yet
SPEAKER_L: Come on.
SPEAKER_R: and it's just
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: coming in slow mo it's a very weird, I mean and I hope that like I hope it doesn't happen um because it was really scary to be here in the spring, but uh yeah, for now it's okay, we'll see, you know? I don't like yeah, I don't know, like, I don't know how long it's going to take for it to get really bad if it gets really bad. Is it going to be like a week? Is it a month? Is it three months? Like,
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: know. So who knows? I mean, I work from home anyway, I mean for covid, like I used to go into an office, so for me like, you know, I'm at home all the time anyway, but obviously it's like it's pretty scary um just to like just for it to be out there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, of course. What do you work as
SPEAKER_R: I work for a nonprofit
SPEAKER_L: I see?
SPEAKER_R: in operations, which is kind of like
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: financial management and systems, so um the nonprofit I work for is a is a foundation basically, so we give out grants to other kind of smaller nonprofits
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: and so I manage some of the like grants, budgets that we have and then um Yeah and then like various systems that we use to kind of organize and process grants. Um. Mhm. Yeah, so it's it's interesting. I actually really like it a lot. Um You know I my first few years out of college I worked for a bank and working for a non profit is just really nice like everyone, everyone is so genuinely motivated um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: and passionate and really kind, you know, which I think you would like hope in a nonprofit because like no one read for the money, you know,
SPEAKER_L: You think,
SPEAKER_R: so people are just genuinely like really nice, which is very cool. Um You're
SPEAKER_L: that,
SPEAKER_R: in college?
SPEAKER_L: yeah I'm currently in college. Well virtual college. I'm not I really don't like it.
SPEAKER_R: Did you? What year are you in school?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a sophomore currently.
SPEAKER_R: So you did have one year of normal or most of a year of normal school semester?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I went to like I mean I went to a pretty big high school because there's like 30,000 kids I think which is I think pretty big for high school. I'm not entirely
SPEAKER_R: 40,000.
SPEAKER_L: 3000.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: I was just like, that's the case.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that would be insane. But so but I'm currently going to U. C. L. A. Which is like
SPEAKER_R: huge.
SPEAKER_L: It's like 50,000 people and I'm kind of like introverted and I was like all right with just 3000 people with like so many people I just like meet them and then they're gone the next day. It's like nice to seeing you. So it's been a little bit difficult but I like it so far.
SPEAKER_R: Do you mean school in general has been difficult or you mean like virtual school football?
SPEAKER_L: Well I first here I think for most people like in terms of like class content I suppose so like relatively simple because that's when you think like all your introductory classes and stuff. So first year was all right in terms of that. But virtual school, it's like the combination of having like harder major classes as well as the difficulty of just concentrating
SPEAKER_R: Hold on.
SPEAKER_L: on your professor. It's just it's just like a deadly combo for me.
SPEAKER_R: No, I I can totally see that. I mean even like when, I mean I'm in a lot of like meetings at work and it is hard to pay attention to a screen. I think sometimes when there's like other things you can be doing and it's it's very, it's very draining to like constantly be focused on your computer in a way that like, in theory it should be the same because when I used to work out of the office and we would be in meetings constantly and I'm in a conference, conference room and you have to be present in a conference room, but it's for some reason it's very draining to be on the screen. Um I always like, I feel so bad for people who are in college now because like virtual colleges, like all of the not fun parts of college we want, like, so like, like so much of what's great about college is like being around friends and doing kind of like social activities and finding extracurriculars and like clubs and whatever stuff that you like to do and now you're just doing the school part what college is for, you know? But it's like not the college experience,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Not to mention there also still charging like full tuition.
SPEAKER_R: Which is insane. Thank
SPEAKER_L: mean,
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: I suppose, I mean ok, I'm not sure. They always like put up the argument whenever you see less asks by the students, they're like why, why are you still charging full tuition? And they're like, oh we have operating costs, we have to like still pay all the professors in the same wage. But from what I can understand, a majority of the dining areas and social areas on the campus has been closed down so I'm not sure we're exactly that, I don't know if they're just like saving it up or something, but it's not fair.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, I I agree. I mean I think it's generally not the same experience, although I'm like I don't work at a college so I guess I don't really know. But I I do think they're probably right and that they have to, if people aren't on campus there have to be lower operating costs somehow. Um
SPEAKER_L: mm
SPEAKER_R: But you know, I don't I don't know, I mean I don't know if they lost tuition money from people who are not attending because it's virtual even though you can do that from anywhere. But uh Yeah, I don't know. Did you did you go to campus at all this semester or you've been virtually the whole time?
SPEAKER_L: I've been virtually the whole time because we went virtual at the because you still a sum like quarters, like although you c czar in quarters which is like three quarters per year and in the middle
SPEAKER_R: What we're doing?
SPEAKER_L: of my last quarter freshman year is when we went virtual and so yeah, that was that was really rough, I've been considering taking a gap year but it's too late now, I've been stuck in the middle of first quarter or so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I know some of my co workers who are are older and have kids in college, their kids are actually at college, but I guess, I think it really depends on the school um like what they decided to do. And I remember like one of my co workers in, I guess it was august, she was driving her daughter to school at one of the like Sunni schools here, like the state university of new york and she was like,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure I'm going to get a call in two weeks
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: to come pick her up because there were, but I actually think like so far it's been fine, but it must be weird to be on campus with, you know, at this time also, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: just a little people because I know, I know you see is a big school, so they don't have, I guess as many options as, I guess a small school would in terms of like regulating covid giving up one tests or like something along those lines. But I just find it so amazing because they sent out like, oh everyone on campus is required to take the screening and it was like a three question online survey. It's like, are you feeling dizzy or sick and you just press no and then press submit and okay, you're cleared. It's like really?
SPEAKER_R: I think, I think the whole world kind of operates like that now. I mean my, like my office is open on a volunteer basis, meaning like you can go in if you want to. Um,
SPEAKER_L: huh
SPEAKER_R: and if you want to, I haven't been in, but I was going to, I was going to go in last week. I had a doctor's appointment near the office, but then it got canceled. And so there's an app that you have to download, which is called Live Safe and it's, I guess a bunch of companies signed onto it. And basically it's like you, you do a very similar survey that says like, have you tested positive for covid 19 in the last two weeks? Have you been like, does anyone that you live with test positive? Do you have a fever? And as long as you enter the questions correctly, it's like gives you a little green check mark and it's great you can enter the office and it's like, like obviously if somebody wanted to, I'm not saying that anyone wants to go into the office while covid like there's really no motivation to do that. But in theory like if I wanted to go to the office and I was sick I would know how to fill out the form or like fill out the questionnaire and the app so that it would let me in.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't, I don't get it because there's a lot of people because there's like a lot of them, I, I think
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: looking
SPEAKER_L: called zoom
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: bombing. Yeah, there's been a lot of that going on. So I imagine like those same kind of people would be more than willing to like get onto campus to just like party or whatever and they're saying like, oh yeah, like whatever, I don't really care. I'm young, I'm like healthy and then, well, you know the story?
SPEAKER_R: I was I was actually on not a zoom. I was I was on like a virtual zumba class. Zoom was like super size like dance thing. Um And like I used to be a member of the Y. M. C. A. Here and there was this one guy who taught zumba there and he was just like so high energy and super fun. And then when all the gym's closed here he started teaching class is over like google meet which like similar to zoom. And so I was like doing one of his classes in maybe like the spring. And then like all of a sudden these like uh like flashes of like pornographic images came across like the thing and then you could hear this man's voice
SPEAKER_L: girl.
SPEAKER_R: like basically like saying stuff about the teacher like being a faggot like and like he is gay but I don't like, it was really that the teacher kind of handled it pretty well. Like he
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: just kicked the person out or he kicked out. Like I guess the person who he figured out who it was because it's not like these are um classes who are attended by like a ton of people because it's just basically like people who he knows. So there's probably on any given class, maybe like 10 or 15 people. So he figured out who wasn't, he kicked them out and like it's basically fine. But it was really strange. I mean I felt really bad because like it's a thing that he did or still does for free, like he wasn't charging for it, he just does it because he really likes the people who come to his classes and he really likes just teaching zumba and I don't even know how this, whoever it was. Like I don't even know how he found this class or like found out who he was because he just has like a facebook group where he posts, it's his like zumba instructor facebook page and he just post there like updates. So now he just post about like what days of the week he's teaching um and I don't know how somebody like even found his page or have found a link to it, but I just like I felt so bad and at the end of the class, he was just kind of like everyone, I'm so sorry. He felt bad. He felt like more, he felt more badly like for the people in the class who like experienced this disturbance than he did for himself. He was like, you know what, like growing up gay like it wasn't always easy and I got made fun of and I got bullied and I got over it and I love myself and I don't care about what anyone else has to say. And I'm just sorry that all of you had to deal with that and that like it disturbs this whatever class that's supposed to be like a fun released for all of you. Like he was so nice and I just felt really bad. But I had just learned about zoom bombing like the day or two before. like at first, that was like the first time I've heard about it. So it was very strange to like um experience that like the next day.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't, I don't, I mean, I guess you can't really understand people who do that. It's like how people ever like the same kind of people, but to take the time out of your day to just do that, I don't
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah, I mean it just like some people are just
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: like I don't
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: know I mean and board, you know, it's like um like like internet trolls um
SPEAKER_L: I mean there's still a lot of um because I knew I still have a few friends in high school from what I was senior. Yeah, When I was still in high school, I guess it doesn't matter if I was a senior or not. But yeah, they were telling me how like the high school literally like they don't even have any like zoom classes. The teachers, they just like Post some slides and then one assignment a week and that's it. And for like high school, I mean like I'd be, I'd be like so happy if that were me. I just like, yeah, whatever do like, but I don't, I don't know if they like temper kind of the expected level of educate like when you're getting to college, like I don't know how admissions is going to be like, you know, it's like, oh like this class is typically really good so just let them in because I don't know how like future employers or schools will be kind of, I guess adjusting their expectations or anything.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's that's so interesting that they're like we're just not even gonna do teaching really was like that puts so much more of a like it puts the onus on the student to really teach themselves
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: the material, which like it's fine for students who are really self motivated, but there's probably a lot of students who just don't thrive in a situation where it's like here's the slides go learn it, you know, that probably it sets up a lot of people for failure either because like maybe they're just like slackers and don't care or because they just like are not, I don't know. I feel like it's, that's not, and I feel like that wouldn't be as effective for a lot of kids to just be like, here's some information like go read and absorb it.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know personally,
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: I like there are some aspects of online school I really do enjoy, like I've loved being at home like even
SPEAKER_R: Something.
SPEAKER_L: at college um Well I was still, I do
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: the opportunity
SPEAKER_R: within
SPEAKER_L: to be
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: social
SPEAKER_R: company.
SPEAKER_L: at college that's available at college, but like being at home, it's like always so nice to me, but like all of a sudden it's like I'm getting sick of like, it's like the option of homesickness, it's like I don't want to do this later, it just like let me out.
SPEAKER_R: Well we didn't like cabin fever.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Cabin fever, that's
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: you,
SPEAKER_L: term.
SPEAKER_R: are you, are you living with your parents right now?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm living with my parents. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean that's pretty normal especially because like college is really the first time or it's supposed to be really the first time that you're like independent from your parents and you like expected to have these four years where
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: you were independent except for like, you know, obviously you can come home whenever you want or for winter break and summer and stuff, but like you didn't expect to be hang out with your parents as much, you know? You are so like I totally I totally get that. I mean I
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: think that I think that Covid in general has made a lot of people sick of the people they live with, even if you're not like, even if you're not like sick of your parents, like I never want you in my life anymore. But it is, but I think it would be like, oh I you spent you spent like 2.5 quarters living on campus like with friends and not, you know, it's different when you like are in charge of your own life and when you have people like watching over you. Yeah, I would think.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, I don't know, I just miss going out like three empty at mac and cheese college.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's not saying it's like college is great and like being being in virtual college is just the like the least fun part of college and like none of the good stuff, you know? And even if like, and just like stuff like that, like being able to like Rome campus in the middle of the night and get food and do whatever, like even if it's not about like partying and like that kind of thing, there's so many other like just like weird random moments that happened at college that are really fun. Um
SPEAKER_L: At least like, because I, a lot of my friends and like, just on social media see a lot, there's like horse stories, people go like locked in with people. They just broke up with just like locked in with like toxic siblings. And I read that I'm like grateful, but you know.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah, I mean it's always better to like be with people that you like than to be with people that are terrible for sure. Yeah, I um I I live alone, which I really like, I had roommates up until about a year and a half ago and then I got my own place and I'm just so happy that I live alone because I'm also very introverted and I really like to like
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: just be in my own little cocoon. Like I just, I don't miss people that much. I've seen like I've gone home to New Jersey to see my family a bunch and I've seen friends and like to sit outdoors in the park or go for walks and stuff, but for the most part I'm like totally fine being alone like
SPEAKER_L: For
SPEAKER_R: you know, 28 days of the month, however much it ends up being. Um but I'm just like super happy that I did not end up spending 24 hours in an apartment that also had two other people in it because I think I would have just like driven me totally crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Do you have any pets?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. No, I like I love dogs, I don't I don't know if I'm allowed to have one here,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: see.
SPEAKER_R: might be not really sure, but I didn't look into it. I know so many people who like adopted pets when quarantine started and I guess the issue is that like, I don't know what I would do with it when I have to go back into the office, because I'm gone like for so many hours of the day, you know like I commute normally, my office is like an hour on the subway from where I live.
SPEAKER_L: For I cook.
SPEAKER_R: I don't I don't know what I mean, it's just like hire a dog walker or something. But I think like if I managed to afford
SPEAKER_L: Doesn't
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: say that.
SPEAKER_R: or work a dog into my budget, which I think would be pretty hard. I don't know that I could also afford a dog walker
SPEAKER_L: Let's say.
SPEAKER_R: would be great for right now that I'm home all the time just to like have a dog here, it would be amazing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like absolutely adore dogs, but my mom is like the polar opposite of me. She she just she's like getting better with dogs because like, I'm like always like talking about dogs and she's like, okay, fine, whatever. Like I like dogs too. Like uh like I've always been like begging here. Like I've like clog it and it's like mom like there's dogs just down the street. Like there's this mom dog, she just had some babies like we could get what and she just looks like she's getting tired. Like I'm like grading her down at some point.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You just, yeah, you're like wear them down at some point.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean I've been doing it for like what I got was just dogs and I was like 12 so like maybe like nine years now. So at some point.
SPEAKER_R: So by the time you're like 30 navy, she'll like like another another nine years and like you'll be, you'll be there.
SPEAKER_L: hopefully. I mean, yeah, I still want her to get a dog like even if I'm not living there because I think it will warm her cold. Cold dog heart. But
SPEAKER_R: It's always nice. I mean my my parents last dog died like I think she probably like six or seven years ago and for a long time after I really tried hard to get them to get another dog because they love dogs, but it's a lot of work and I think their dog died. They were like, oh, but it's so nice that we don't have to walk it and like if we want to leave
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: for the weekend, we don't have to deal with it, like it's a lot of work, you know? And so it's got so used to it. Um So I don't think I'll ever get another dog, but I used to, but I still sometimes like when I go home I still like, even though it's been like a number of years, I still like when I go home I'm like, I feel like there should be a dog running to group because it's just like I grew up with dogs, so like it's just like feels like there should be a dog in the house.
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: I used to I used to go home and like leave my parents computer on with like a browser set to Petfinder to like with their zip code. So like, so whenever they would like go sit down the screen that would pop up would be like local dogs in their local dogs for rescue in their neighborhood. Never worked, it never worked. But I tried it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: We'll get some fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they'll never do it. But you know what like I don't know maybe I'll keep my mom actually talked to her today and she was talking about how there was an adoption at like a petsmart by her and her friends when I guess any dogs that don't get adopted need foster families until they get adopted. So one of my mom's really good friends went
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: have to
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: find.
SPEAKER_R: go pick up a foster dog and her friend invited her and she was like I don't know. And I was like no you should have gone just get a commitment to foster. So like you only keep it for a short amount of time unless you decide to actually keep it. You want to adopted to yourself.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: She's like I don't know maybe next time. But
SPEAKER_L: next
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: time. Oh my God.
SPEAKER_R: I mean.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like potato so
SPEAKER_R: So maybe we'll
SPEAKER_L: close.
SPEAKER_R: both work on getting our parents to get a dog in nine years.
SPEAKER_L: In nine years. Yeah. I know. I'm getting a dog even though I am alone. I'm getting all the dogs. I can.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I mean Yeah it would be it would be nice. I agree though to it for this like to sit at home in my apartment like sitting on my laptop
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: day. It would be nice to have a dog. And especially like there are days at work where I just like forget to go outside because I don't need to leave you know like I don't go anywhere. I work from my bedroom is like not that far from where I am right now, like I don't have a very far. So if I had a dog to at least like forced me to go outside to walk it, you know? But when it's winter and I don't feel like going outside, I would be grateful that I don't have to. You don't experience that because you don't you don't have 10 degree days in your winter. But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's like 40, right? It's like lois just like 45 and I was feeling chilly already, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. 45 is like pretty nice. Um For the winter here I mean 10 is not normal. I would say like the average in the winter in new york city is like thirties definitely goes down to like twenties tens or single digits occasionally but it's less common. But yeah. Glad to walk a dog.
SPEAKER_L: My frail Californian constitution can't handle the cold.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know that I could ever like make it on the west coast but I do I do envy your weather.
SPEAKER_L: I can barely make it gets so hot sometimes.
SPEAKER_R: I don't I don't admit your summer actually. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh and
SPEAKER_R: Well I'm gonna it's 9 30 here which is my time to start winding down because I'm like an old who tries to be in bed by like 10 30. So it was so nice to talk to you and
SPEAKER_L: My son.
SPEAKER_R: your semester.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Good luck to you as well.
SPEAKER_R: Bye.