Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. This yeah, they're not ready to be in your head. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Oh. Mhm. Look, yeah. Pick or shoot tired of why. Oh yeah, that's you. Hey, look at your feet inside. He serenaded by what we will. Yeah. Mhm. Wait. Uh Yeah, sure. Uh no matter what you say. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Hello? Okay.
pretty
good. Um Yeah, just working on school stuff. How about you?
Yeah.
Uh Los Angeles. Well.
Yeah, I was born in Los Angeles, so yeah,
I was born in Los Angeles and then I moved to san Diego and then came back to Los Angeles. So yeah, I'm pretty much all California.
I'll
Yeah.
I think,
I think my area was kind of scared from most of the from the worst of it. Um Also I was like staying inside most of the time because of quarantine anyway. So it's like, yeah,
what's
your
baby?
Yeah, pretty much it worked out. But
you know,
no.
Hard to say just based on like I don't I don't like I hear some shouting outside sometimes and that's mostly because of the whole election thing. Um In terms of covid I think at least in my part of town I guess most people seem to be wearing masks, distancing. I don't know like in general, but it seems all right so far. How about new york?
All
What?
Mhm,
exact
What?
Hi,
Come on.
All
What
you
Yeah. Yeah, of course. What do you work as
I see?
All
All
Mhm.
You think,
that,
yeah I'm currently in college. Well virtual college. I'm not I really don't like it.
I'm a sophomore currently.
Yeah. I went to like I mean I went to a pretty big high school because there's like 30,000 kids I think which is I think pretty big for high school. I'm not entirely
3000.
So.
Yeah that would be insane. But so but I'm currently going to U. C. L. A. Which is like
It's like 50,000 people and I'm kind of like introverted and I was like all right with just 3000 people with like so many people I just like meet them and then they're gone the next day. It's like nice to seeing you. So it's been a little bit difficult but I like it so far.
Well I first here I think for most people like in terms of like class content I suppose so like relatively simple because that's when you think like all your introductory classes and stuff. So first year was all right in terms of that. But virtual school, it's like the combination of having like harder major classes as well as the difficulty of just concentrating
on your professor. It's just it's just like a deadly combo for me.
Yeah. Not to mention there also still charging like full tuition.
mean,
I suppose, I mean ok, I'm not sure. They always like put up the argument whenever you see less asks by the students, they're like why, why are you still charging full tuition? And they're like, oh we have operating costs, we have to like still pay all the professors in the same wage. But from what I can understand, a majority of the dining areas and social areas on the campus has been closed down so I'm not sure we're exactly that, I don't know if they're just like saving it up or something, but it's not fair.
mm
I've been virtually the whole time because we went virtual at the because you still a sum like quarters, like although you c czar in quarters which is like three quarters per year and in the middle
of my last quarter freshman year is when we went virtual and so yeah, that was that was really rough, I've been considering taking a gap year but it's too late now, I've been stuck in the middle of first quarter or so.
and
well
just a little people because I know, I know you see is a big school, so they don't have, I guess as many options as, I guess a small school would in terms of like regulating covid giving up one tests or like something along those lines. But I just find it so amazing because they sent out like, oh everyone on campus is required to take the screening and it was like a three question online survey. It's like, are you feeling dizzy or sick and you just press no and then press submit and okay, you're cleared. It's like really?
huh
Yeah, I don't, I don't get it because there's a lot of people because there's like a lot of them, I, I think
it's
called zoom
bombing. Yeah, there's been a lot of that going on. So I imagine like those same kind of people would be more than willing to like get onto campus to just like party or whatever and they're saying like, oh yeah, like whatever, I don't really care. I'm young, I'm like healthy and then, well, you know the story?
girl.
What?
Yeah. I don't, I don't, I mean, I guess you can't really understand people who do that. It's like how people ever like the same kind of people, but to take the time out of your day to just do that, I don't
thank
you.
I mean there's still a lot of um because I knew I still have a few friends in high school from what I was senior. Yeah, When I was still in high school, I guess it doesn't matter if I was a senior or not. But yeah, they were telling me how like the high school literally like they don't even have any like zoom classes. The teachers, they just like Post some slides and then one assignment a week and that's it. And for like high school, I mean like I'd be, I'd be like so happy if that were me. I just like, yeah, whatever do like, but I don't, I don't know if they like temper kind of the expected level of educate like when you're getting to college, like I don't know how admissions is going to be like, you know, it's like, oh like this class is typically really good so just let them in because I don't know how like future employers or schools will be kind of, I guess adjusting their expectations or anything.
Are
I don't know personally,
like
I like there are some aspects of online school I really do enjoy, like I've loved being at home like even
at college um Well I was still, I do
like
the opportunity
to be
social
at college that's available at college, but like being at home, it's like always so nice to me, but like all of a sudden it's like I'm getting sick of like, it's like the option of homesickness, it's like I don't want to do this later, it just like let me out.
Yeah. Yeah. Cabin fever, that's
the
term.
Yeah, I'm living with my parents. Um
What?
that's
Yeah, I mean, I don't know, I just miss going out like three empty at mac and cheese college.
At least like, because I, a lot of my friends and like, just on social media see a lot, there's like horse stories, people go like locked in with people. They just broke up with just like locked in with like toxic siblings. And I read that I'm like grateful, but you know.
No.
For
Yeah. Do you have any pets?
I
see.
For I cook.
Doesn't
say that.
Let's say.
like absolutely adore dogs, but my mom is like the polar opposite of me. She she just she's like getting better with dogs because like, I'm like always like talking about dogs and she's like, okay, fine, whatever. Like I like dogs too. Like uh like I've always been like begging here. Like I've like clog it and it's like mom like there's dogs just down the street. Like there's this mom dog, she just had some babies like we could get what and she just looks like she's getting tired. Like I'm like grading her down at some point.
Yeah. I mean I've been doing it for like what I got was just dogs and I was like 12 so like maybe like nine years now. So at some point.
hopefully. I mean, yeah, I still want her to get a dog like even if I'm not living there because I think it will warm her cold. Cold dog heart. But
This
that
was
We'll get some fun.
We
have to
find.
That's
next
time. Oh my God.
I feel like potato so
close.
In nine years. Yeah. I know. I'm getting a dog even though I am alone. I'm getting all the dogs. I can.
Well,
no.
I mean it's like 40, right? It's like lois just like 45 and I was feeling chilly already, so
My frail Californian constitution can't handle the cold.
I can barely make it gets so hot sometimes.
Uh and
My son.
Yeah. Good luck to you as well.