Okay. Mhm, Mhm Thank you. Yeah, they want mhm Oh Oh, five, have you flipped backward? Oh, nice. Yeah, Yeah. Okay. Oh Oh, Uh huh Uh huh Oh, okay. Okay.
Hi,
how are you?
What?
Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
I am from about a half hour outside of Pittsburgh Pennsylvania Oh,
Yeah, I've always wanted to visit new york city that I've never been there.
Okay.
it's
Yeah, um Pittsburgh's good, I, I go to the city, but I'm more of a country type girl, so we live on a country road um you know, there's farms and horses and stuff, but I still like if we want to go somewhere in the city, it's not that far of a drive to where we can just, you know, hop in the car and drive a half hour and you're in the middle of the downtown Pittsburgh. Mhm My birds ringing his bell. I have two birds, I
have four dogs, I'm a stay at home mom. And right now my two kids are in their bedrooms on homeschooling because of covid, they only go to school two days a week and then their home three days a week on the computer.
and
then
About
she told
her
um it's basically whatever, whatever the hybrid kids that are in class attending school that day, there's like four cameras, four different cameras in the classroom, so whatever the kids are being taught inside the classroom, the kids at home see um like they're required to sign on At 9:00 AM, teacher takes attendance on the computer, just like it would be if um they would be sitting in the classroom And from nine until 3:00, they're required to do their work, they have to listen to the lectures, you know, this and that, and it's it's not there's good things and there's bad things about it and I do like the two days that they go to school because I get a little bit of a break and I'm able to get some things done that I need to get done around the house, but it is kind of nice when they're home because I don't have to worry about taking them school or picking them up. Um you know, the commute is right down the hallway, so it's it's a lot more convenient but it's a little bit more difficult to keep them focused. Um I have, my youngest is six and she's in kindergarten, so she's in a very long attention span Um and sitting in front of a computer for six hours can be a little bit tough for her. Sometimes I have to keep reminding her hey you gotta go back and sit down, you got to do your work. Um my oldest is nine and she loves it, She signs on at 9:00 AM and she'll sit in her room and I don't see her until lunchtime and then after lunch I don't see her until 3:00 when school is over. Yeah.
And
All
I
was
honey, it's 10 06 You don't get snack until 10 30 Okay. 25. Do you want to go back into your room, please? And thank you.
Speaking of
Yeah, normally when I'm not busy I'll try to go in there and sit down on her bed you know and work with her and stuff and help her. But um sometimes I need a break too, so
I cannot.
Okay.
To
act
I
Good.
And then
no.
Did you go to school for accounting?
position.
In
particular?
And
prisoners.
Look
Then you want to, you, you know, I can understand.
I wouldn't want to work until 2:00 AM. Yeah
bitch,
For
permanent.
Yeah,
purpose
mhm
yeah, it's things are not good right now.
I mean our cases, I know our cases are going up
for spring, like april may ish, we were only around like 1500 cases a day is for the state of P. A. Uh in the summer, it
went down To about 500-800. And now the last like
week we're
up over 5000 cases a day for the state
ST
I suppose.
what?
Pass? Mm hmm.
What?
that
sounds tough now. Do they have different restrictions over
there?
And
Problem.
What?
Yeah. Yeah, that's a shame. I I don't know if I'd want to go somewhere to visit people and knowing I'd have to stay in a hotel room for two weeks and you can't even see them. Yeah.
Um We did actually my husband and I we were going to take our kids to Hershey Park this year because we've been there but our kids never have and we actually had made plans to go at the end of March and we made plans before everything started to happen and we want to having to cancel because they at that time they shut everything down you know except for essential businesses such as grocery stores and gas stations. You weren't the O. R.
Hold
on 1 2nd. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay that was my alarm going off for my turk.
Do
you do amazon mechanical turk?
No.
yes. So that's yeah that's what I do while I stay at home, helped my kids with their school work. And then I do this amazon mechanical turk for you know emergency expenses. Or I
just bought heating oil for our furnace last week.
Mm hmm. Um I mainly do a lot of the surveys
that they have. A
lot of the surveys come from different universities um
all all over the world actually. And They they pay anything from $5 to $10.
It just all depends. But
I average About $150 a week. Okay.
Um You I think it's you have to do your you have to report it is like how did I do it last year?
that's I think that's what I did. Self, self income or other income.
Well thank you.
It was very nice talking to you today.
You too.
Bye bye.