It's Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Careful. Okay. Mhm. You Oh, mm. Rebel. Mm. Uh huh. Oh, Mhm. Yeah. Good. Mm. No. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Okay. No. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay, discover. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. True. Okay. No. Mhm. She, mm. Yeah. Uh huh. Thank you. Yeah. Right. Mhm. No. Beatrix. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Mm. Okay. Mhm. Thank you. Uh Yeah. Not me. Mhm. Okay. You know? Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. She. Mm. Mhm. Yeah, robert. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey? Yeah. Your patient. She yeah, believing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, Sure. Mhm. Uh huh. What? Mm hmm. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Mm. I'm not Yeah. And Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. All right. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm mm. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Give me, mm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Heather.
How you doing, man?
Perfect,
how about me? Great,
what's going on? Uh
just about to hit noon? Yeah, so where you're, you're somewhere in central us?
I'm just outside of new york city and new york.
Yeah, exactly, I knew, yeah.
very cool man. Uh
wow, what's it like in New Mexico? Uh
I can imagine.
Well that sounds uh much better than the dreary, like probably like 50s
rainy thing. That
No, no, not yet. Which is troubling to some people apparently that, you know, it's mauling my second winter in the area, I was living abroad before and it is is awful. I grew up in the south, right in Georgia and uh I missed being below that. Yeah, that is that line with the States, yeah, yeah.
Perfect.
Yeah, I think anybody growing up down south is yeah Southern boys like it warm. Yeah. Yeah man. Um It's cool. What what how did you find prolific?
it definitely is definitely a good plan is it's very interesting. I always what do you think the studies about? Yeah,
Yeah.
That's actually very insightful,
I hadn't
thought about that, I thought more along the lines of maybe studying the linguistic aled differences as well as then how strangers are interacting, you know like the very first talk, you know one thing I've noticed I'd be curious is all every conversation I've had across all the studies for this one. Uh Nobody has ever introduced themselves with their full names. Uh Nobody ever like called this is the first time in any conversation I've also called that out, which is why I think it's fascinating. Uh
Yeah.
that's that's going to, I've had a pretty wide range of ages that I've spoken to and it's it's been it's been interesting. I wonder if they pause the study because of the run up towards the election, because that would have undoubtedly dominated conversations.
I also wonder if, you know, they'll they'll scan for people like us who are trying to get mad about it.
the buck.
Uh So I did. I think four back when the first time around and
then
I believe so. And then this is my my uh honestly I'm one of those assholes will sometimes schedule it and then the way my work works, I can't make it. Uh so I miss one or two, and then this is like you know what I need to get on it, so I cleared my schedule, I made sure to do it because it's kind of fun. Uh So this is my first one since april Yeah.
Guys There, What?
Uh the Police
1?
I've had three or 4 in my time. Yeah, back in April especially, so maybe people just weren't believing what it was or they ended up not liking the fact that you have to talk for a full 25 minutes or something? Uh Yeah. Uh
huh.
I have to, my profession is usually talking to a lot of people and now it's jumped to talk to people on the zoom, but I'm a consultant. Uh Yeah, so I'm like oh you know, I can I can ask questions to people all day long, right? Like so yeah, this this is right up Miley. Uh
uh So maybe like just jumping off that prolific thing, what do you do with the cash? Like is a luxury you treat yourself with it or are you online
full time?
it's
true.
same exact thing for me. Yeah. Bills, electricity, wifi and my netflix. All all the substrate occurring. Yeah, probably. Yeah.
Thank
you.
yeah, that's awesome. What do you use? Any other sites?
No, I don't worry. Mhm.
Yeah, it's a full time job. I can only imagine
these like, are you like a mini mini tiger king? What was? Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah. You know what other sites do you use?
No, check it out.
Shit. I
absolutely
interesting. I would recommend be checking out respondent dot io and
yeah, and the user interviews dot com. So it's like you sign up, make your profile and then instead of surveys you fill out like pseudo applications uh and
you'll be interviewed by companies that are like, hey like what do you think about this Samsung phone? What about this color do you like color a like color be, you know, tell me about your childhood and how like, you know, the color red inflicted terror on you, You know, like things like that. Uh And it pays like 60 60 bucks an hour, 120 bucks an hour. Uh You don't get very, you don't get very very many, but like when they do come that they're really worth your time. Uh And and so and you can apply for like video game studies or. Yeah, so there's yeah responded that I owe user interviews dot com. And then Hive mind dot Zone And high my zone is actually a really good one. They've given me a few that are really, really cool. They were the one that gave me back before Corona that brought me in. And uh did the Samsung, like, you know, they laid out like literally at the next generation of Samsung phones that are coming out in 2021 and they're like, do you like this color? Why you like this color? Why? Like, you know, like all that kind of stuff. So this is kind of cool and you get paid really well.
it's um user interviews dot com. Mhm. Uh huh.
for
it's
to bullshit. Yeah. Not, not gimmicky, no scams. Like it's very very legit. Very it's prolific level of like pay you out very fast. Usually an amazon gift cards, but like, you know, you can convert them to cash. Yeah. Yeah.
No, I haven't found guys really knows.
that's true.
that's
Yeah. Uh Yeah, interesting. I wonder if you got the swag bucks. I definitely check out. Check it out. I've done. Let's see the same. Someone was cool. I've been involved with helping out with the shaving study. So we got like a two way mirror and we watched people share their heads. That was pretty cool. Uh huh.
This one this one I just got lucky was close by. I'll see if I can find it.
Uh That's free. You can see uh All right. There's like the mirror. Yeah. Yeah. Uh
Yeah.
You know what's interesting is that on the background of my what we having this conversation, I've been like you know like what what could what could be the purpose of these studies? And the most terrifying one that that's just popped up into my head is that this is a phenomenal way to collect large quantities of conversational data to build A. I. Or like easily like you know like like I'm sure that the words and the sounds that I'm making can be pieced together. You know just say anything a lot. All my facial features are now fully available. So they're seeing how muscles are moving and what we've got beard. So eventually like we're like especially valuable because like you know it's not easy to tell. Like you know maybe it's maybe it's like facial identification. You know? I don't know. That's terrifying.
Yeah. Yeah like or maybe this is how they generate N. P. C. S. For video games you
know
it's like the nicest possible version of this outcome. Yeah. Well I don't know this uh this everything seems to get more dystopian the more we think about technology.
Uh Well yeah so besides the cats what else do you do? Right Or?
gaming. Tell me so. Well I've literally got my Xbox coming right on the screen right right next to this one. Uh
Yeah we're playing
What?
Yeah. What games do you play? Just outside of long pass Everyone please.
happened.
I know.
what
uh what what kind of colors do you run on? Magic?
Right. Oh man it's been used to playing magic. I need to get into heart stone. I'm going to be meeting some new friends. Friends of friends that all play hard stone. So I'm like oh what's the latest in the meta, like, like how's the game being played? What's changed?
so
my my high school friends, you know, we kind of like we're that perfect age to land party during halo three, so we really loved taylor uh so we've been playing a lot of the halo four, just matchmaking with, you know, and talking politics and chatting while we like just crush teenagers under us because we've been playing this game now for like longer than these Children have been alive. So it's just we're just like, it's what's really wonderful. It's like, you know, we'll be like just running running training online game while like discussing politics. So like we're having, you know, some of us are having Children who are discussing like raising Children and like what that's like
and all that. So it's like a really nice like boys, you know, just like a chance to hang out but like and have beers together but without, you know, all being in the same location. Mhm.
I do not know, thank God others
other them do and it's
fascinating to live vicariously through them, but I would much prefer 10 cats to one Children child.
yeah, so I'm all about animals and you know, nine cats sounds pretty wonderful. Uh Yeah, so I actually, I don't know if I'll bring him to speak at some point. I got aquariums with shrimp and fish and stuff just all right now, the only shitty part about living in such an urbanized area in big cities that lands very expensive. So apartments, it's tough to, you know, put a put an animal in these smaller apartments.
Oh man, that sounds amazing.
Good.
You?
Yeah.
you're right, this is the truth.
I'm kind of doing it like cool like I'm young right now so like let me work the city job and so on. But like now with corona making you know, so now I'm looking at moving into like like when I buy a house, hopefully in the next coming year it's going to be in a rural area and I hopefully this is a chance to revitalize some of the rural parts of our country that you know like it made sense why people moved away from rural areas at some point but like this is a great opportunity to move back and take advantage right? Like uh so I'm looking forward to it I think you know you definitely do this well it's like being in a box surrounded by other boxes in every direction. Yeah.
Yeah so that's what makes it worse is that I left, I left the south and living in you know, still urbanized but you know go land and how you know uh to go to kenya and I lived in kenya for five years and they're like, not only is there so little land but you spit on the ground and a fucking plant will start growing. It's so fertile. I like people have trouble keeping employees because some of the employees are like, fuck you, if you don't treat me the way I want, I'll quit and you know, I don't need to work because I have my backyard and I can grow
all the food my entire family needs like my entire backyard because like that's how we grow, right? Uh
I'm
exactly right. And uh ah and I was just wonderful right? And like you just, you know like you know it's massive and the land is beautiful and it hurts your eyes. It's so green. It's a lot of strike right? On the equator wet. Um Yeah it was fucking paradise man. And
five years I went
I went for three months and I stayed for five. Yeah.
Oh so uh it is it was becoming increasingly tough to find work that was worth my time. You know that makes sense. Uh And was divorced from a degree of corruption which made me uncomfortable. So I think at that point I you know so I went with the startup. We built the startup, sold the startup and I wanted to stay out there. So I looked for like a good job and I found a good job even U. S. Standards. And it paid pretty well too even by us standards. Uh one of them that's like one of like maybe 300 jobs in the entire country that exists like like like that for foreigners right? Because it's really hard to get a job if you're not a citizen Because they want their citizens which is which 100% I agree with. They should they should promote their their own countrymen. Um And so I got this bomb ass job and I'm working. It was one of the top tech companies in the entire continent if you will and like there's corruption, people are stealing, people are misdirecting
budgets and so on and so forth. And like uh you know I got called out by a bunch of people thankfully I was also like one of the ones emailing about like yoga is like where is the money from my budget? God? Like this is kind of weird and uh it's just like uh it ended really badly with the company getting fined by the government, like all this other stuff and I was just like, it just looks like a bad taste in my mouth. Um And then at the same time my grandfather, you know fell ill in the States and had been, so at
that point it's been three months after I left the company. So for three months I have been just partying across paradise, like just like I'm talking like Mansions on the beach, rented out like crazy, you know like a bunch of took 20 of your friends just partying uh It's gorgeous, you know? And so like my family was like, oh man, like your grandfather still if only there was an able bodied man who was not available to help take care of it and I was like yeah I go to get what you mean, so I came back to take care of him and found a bomb ass job and stayed and thankfully because it's uh um new york where things like fraud and corruption are relatively frowned upon and more or less person prosecuted correctly. Uh You know it's not one where people are stealing or anything like that and so it's not one where I have to look at my african colleagues and wonder did they who they bribe to get this job if they bribe somebody uh who where are they trying to steal money from? Like you know just like here there and it's it's it's you can't blame them because like you know they're not in the best of situations, even even in good jobs like you know they come from not the best of situations to the mentality
is a certain way and it's not always 100% but it's it's 100% happening everywhere. But it's not always everybody doing it is the best, but it's fucking there's not a single single place, it's not happening. Uh And like you know, even when you do, when you when you're building a startup or you're getting a business license or something like you got to pay the people who are giving you the business license, fill the application, pay the fee for the business license, pay the fee for the application Palin dude to do his job. And the guy's like cool well you should also go pay the guy who makes the copies of the documents and there's a shop right around the corner and the guy was like, yeah sure like one copy $8. But uh or what where are you going to go? Yeah. Yeah just like cool like this is this is great.
Uh So we uh you know I I joined after they come to the States to like uh learn, learn some stuff, I had helped teach them and then they brought me over for a consultancy that turned into a full time. But we were doing big data. So like if your coke and you want to sell products to like you want to sell more products in Nigeria and you're like oh nigerien mothers like I really need to sell that cause like they're the ones who take care of kids in this culture, like the same amount. So like how do I do this? Well I need them to fill out this survey or like talk
to my people. And so my company would be like cool we you want, you know coke would
come to us and say
hey we need to talk to 5000 Nigerian mothers of Children under the age of three. So
we'd be like, cool
well in our database we've got maybe 3000. So harmon, go fly the Nigeria and go figure out how to find 2000 Nigerian
war.
and you've got a week and like five grand and here's your ticket and see you later. So I fly to Nigeria and figure that out.
That was
not
good.
So there's a lot of fun, right? And I give you some creative problem solving like
okay fuck how the fuck do I find 2000 Nigerian women? Right? So what I did was I went to I got
most of these women are relatively poor. They don't
shop at like normal grocery stores. They shop at like the roadside
grocery. Yeah.
So I went to all the
groceries and markets and like a
10 mile radius and I bought every single pair of one like
a size two and lower diapers. I bought them all and then I
then I then I the guy who was selling the diapers right? Like you know where I was like cool I just bought every you know your entire supply of diapers Now I'm going to pay you $20
and you sit here and every mother that comes here you either
tell her
the diaper back and you can keep half right? So obviously or that mother just fucking puts uh
does
this and gets diapers for free. Uh like literally
it was an option of like do you
want to pay or do you want to take a three minutes like 10 minutes survey? What was it like?
I mean she could she could she had the option of paying with money. She didn't have to give her data.
Yeah, it was great. It was great. I learned that trick from, I was doing it in a university study were like, Okay, we need to get talked to 500 of the students at this large university in Kenya. Um, but like, you know,
like
the, uh, sorry,
the administration is very protective of its data. Uh I was like, cool, I gotta figure this shit out. So like, you know,
I looked a little bit younger. This is like
four years ago. I probably put on my backpack, looked like an international student and I walked right into like, you know, pass the security said I had a meeting with some professor. I faked my way through showing them like some shit on my phone, got in there, I went to the cafeteria and like that's like there were so many students. I was like oh man if there's only some way I could set up a desk and get students to come and fill out the survey or some shit. And I saw the guy they're buying a bunch of snacks and stuff from the cafeteria. So I walked up to one of the restaurants were all independent restaurants in the cafeteria and I was like yo how much for a plate of fries? And he was like 50 cents and I was like cool how much
for 100 fries? And he was like what? And I was like I want all your fries and
he was like yeah like buying
it all right now you go on a break. And then I went around the counter and then the next guy who came I was like yo do you want these fries fill out
And then very quickly got around there like oh shit if you want free food go like
so three hours you know two hours later
like I get all the shit
and I book it out of there because security is looking for me at this point. Also a
fun times
I did but the next day we tried the same shit again, but instead of me doing it we sent another like a local guy and like he just gets didn't have you know he got caught out and he ended up like you know this
is Africa you can literally kill a man and just pay them $500 and
it goes away. Uh and you know like you just you just have to know the right person to pay in the right context
I guess. You know
and like there's not everyone can do it but I used to know the right way to do it and anything. I got into a fight with what turned out
to be a police officer, $250,
200 bucks. But 50 because he had to go to the hospital, so I had to pay for his village.
We've got a lot of blessings on this side of the border over
there.
over there was funny, you'd be driving, an officer would flag you down. You know, like, you know what the fuck is going to happen now? He's like, yo uh take me down the road and you just get in the car. He was like, okay,
I guess I guess that's what I'm doing now. Like uh
sir, Civic
duty. Like he's like pull over here. Like I mean cool, it's a bar, he's like this animals on it. And I'm like, all right. I guess he's yeah yeah. On my way
there. Yeah. Anyways
but
I I gotta sorry, I gotta get ready for the next test.
It was a pleasure. Uh
Absolutely. If you you know uh would you like my gamer tag? You can you can send me a
absolutely.
Absolutely. What's here? What's your game or take man?
So we're works
well. You like the
cat?
that's good. Uh
Well I am dividend rained and I will I will send you a friend request.
Great
one.
But.