Hello.
I'm all right, how you
doing? Can you hear me? All right?
it's fine.
Yeah Well it's about 10:00 here. How about there?
Mountain time? It's 10 o'clock you?
Oh so it's it's noon there.
All right. I'm from New Mexico
and
Um actually it's uh really nice about 70° sunshine and um overnight though it gets really cold but once the sun comes up it's it's nice. It's nice.
And
what
all rainy? Any any snow yet?
in the day I spent like 2-3 years in the Ohio Kentucky area And when I first went there it was winter and I was not prepared for that man. I went from sunny skies
to two ft of snow overnight and it was horrible. Okay.
Um I was looking for online work you know like three years ago and I first stumbled upon mturk and then I found prolific and so yeah it's it's Been about two years on prolific. Uh Yeah I mean it's nice, I mean for extra income and and and things like this even though I don't know what this study it's truly about, it's good pay and it's kind of fun. Yeah.
You know every conversation I've had, I asked that question and people usually just say, I don't know, my only hypothesis would be since uh
since a lot of companies and whatnot have been doing the virtual uh thing, you know, zoom meetings and all that. They're looking at how people actually do communicate. Um But you know that's very broad,
thank
you.
That's a that's a good point because yeah, I've never gotten the name either but location uh definitely.
Um usually work and um you know relationship status, I've gotten that never age either though I've never had ages brought up.
Right, I was gonna say politics has never been brought up. Um The pandemic was only with one person. Uh So that yeah that's interesting too.
It's a good topic though. Uh Which are how many of these have, sorry? Cat?
Um How many of these have you done so far?
That
was like april? Right,
I um I think I did one back in april and then october november. Uh I believe I've done six now, so you're my seventh, which I believe is my last available one, so you're the you're the grand finale for me
and and uh
I've only
had one person, No show only one.
yeah
when I first did it, I mean I'm kind of uncomfortable, nervous shy guy, so my first couple were kind of awkward, but by now I'm just yeah, whatever is my last one. That's all good.
Ready?
I
well my online, Okay, so my wife works for the school district, I actually haven't had Uh you know taxpayers job in like three years since I started this,
so
she's my sugar mama, but the money that I get from it, you know, half of it goes to groceries. I I pay I pay the internet and the electric basically so I could do this and then I pay for, you know, the entertainment in the household, so netflix and hulu and xbox game pass, uh that type of thing.
and I mean I
don't
make a ton off of this, but it's enough like I said for entertainment, electric internet.
um One second.
I also take care of seven cats. Oh.
I know.
shit, what was your question? Oh, uh mturk or
mm okay, the main two are prolific and mturk and then the rest is just a mishmash of everything. All the gimmicky sites like swag bucks, have you heard a swag bucks?
survey junkie? Um Like I said they're kind of gimmicky or they're very low paying so I don't make much off of it,
but like swag bucks, Swag bucks is kind of cool. Like uh you could play mobile games and you have like you know three weeks to reach a certain level and then if you do reach that level, you know 20 to 40 bucks, so that's not bad for playing a game, you know
because
response.
About
Right. On what was that 2nd 1 I got responded and hive mind. What was the?
Alright thanks. I'll definitely give us a look
because that pay. Sounds a lot better to um like
three.
it sounds good. Uh Like swag bucks. I did a few that are kind of like, have you ever done in home product testing?
Because there's
of those, like they sent me a box of kitty litter and I used it for a week and then responded How I liked it paid only like 20 bucks, but you know, you got free cat litter as well, so it's kind of neat
hey? Yeah.
was this in person like in new york? Because I'm from like a really small town and I mean the closest metropolitan areas like el paso, but I'm not going to travel there for a study, it wouldn't be worth the guess. Yeah.
no.
Yeah,
that's fine.
Deepfake videos and whatnot.
Hey,
there would be, that would be even cooler.
Oh yeah, without a doubt.
I mean besides work and gaming, I don't have a whole lot going on especially. Uh Well I I never really left my house much anyways, not nowadays. Um So
yeah, I just got off mind to come do this.
Um I was trying to do some game pass quests so it was pillars of eternity or something. I don't know. The achievements not popping though for some reason. Well
I play a play a little bit of everything, a few tournaments. Um There was a there is an application called von coin and they give you digital coins for getting achievements and xbox games and then they hold auctions. So I want, I don't know, I think I have one like 15 auctions everything from digital games to uh posters to gaming mouse, external hard drive board game, but ever since the pandemic, they slowed down and they only have like two auctions a week and they're just a digital code for a month of game pass, but still something.
Uh um I mean I'm I'm an achievement hunter so I play basically everything,
I don't like just
sit down on a game like Call of Duty or Fortnite. Um There's only a few like I'm a big card game player though, so on pc I'll play magic, the gathering or hearthstone.
Yeah, that's my
well whatever suits, but black, white. Yeah.
uh Honestly don't ask me about Harston, that was just an example because I have I haven't actually opened it in about six months too many other games to play, but like on Xbox, what are you doing, what are
you playing right now?
Well
you have kids?
better bet your
all
it's been here that's all I have what we have
yeah like I said I'm in a rural area so actually we're on about a I'd say an acre and a half of land
and then the cats are inside but we built a my wife calls it a Casio cat patio you know so so we have a dog door
at our back door and they can go out the back door and then we have like this big cage thing that they can just be
outside but can't run away. Yeah. Uh But it's nice and I mean I guess compared to city with an apartment I don't know if I could I couldn't handle a large city honestly. Mm.
Look isn't it?
What?
yeah. Uh And I thought you mentioned that you were abroad for a period of time.
One.
I have, even here I got a garden outside and as soon as my neighbor who is also my brother, so yeah,
it's, it's nice. It's near perfect.
How long were you there
by war?
So what was the cause of going from there to new york?
Well,
Boom.
And
Oh yeah. What, what was your startup anyways?
Well,
corporate
tax.
So
what,
2000
more on.
That's that's very interesting. Yeah. And I mean you can't just throw up through a prolific survey because you know, so,
that's
that's
me, man, That's me.
Well,
No,
for
The
yeah.
What?
But
what?
What?
What?
You
step
The
info?
What?
What,
That's that's that's uh I don't know how to feel about that but I guess that works. Right?
right. Yeah so I guess there's small to shady but I can't believe you like bought all the diapers.
But
what
cost?
but
no.
What?
you're back.
What?
No but.
requires not just. Oh that's great.
scott
stop.
Yeah.
Yeah. You never like ran into any major problems while you're doing this shit.
No.
So
Uh huh.
Because
quick.
$270.
Yeah. Yeah that that sounds familiar. I'm only an hour away from the mexican border And yeah you go over there when you're underage so you can drink and you run into a police officer and yeah he just wants some cash and then he'll leave you alone and if you don't pay them then you might end up in jail. Yeah.
it's
not all like that either. It's just yeah.
People
taxi all of a sudden. All right.
No.
boy
I love
it.
we already went over time.
Yeah I got I got the Master Chief collection and halo five downloaded. Maybe we'll run into each other.
Yeah if you want to swap I'm fine
with it.
Uh It's W. E. O. W. W. I. X. X.
Were you?
like
now mix upside down. Yeah.
Oh
All right. If you send me one I'll accept it and it was good talking to you. Good story. Thanks for rounding out my week of that's
have
a good uh huh