SPEAKER_L: if Good morning? Really? Yeah. Okay. Oh, uh Okay. Yeah. Hey, do you need anything? You know, I just realized that this is damp on the bottom. Would you just bring it downstairs? Okay, let me put this down. Okay, I'm gonna be downstairs for my little meeting thing too. Um If you just want to like senate on top, Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hello, how are you
SPEAKER_R: I'm good, how are you doing? Good. This is why fourth time coming and I got stood up three times three times. I'm like is this works is going to be here today? Uh
SPEAKER_L: This is my 3rd eye, luckily I haven't been stood up yet. Sorry, I'm
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: entering my basement here for a second. Uh How are you
SPEAKER_R: pretty good. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: doing? Just, just fine. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: Um I live in Minnesota right now.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Minnesota.
SPEAKER_R: Are you cool? I'm in um ST paul. Where are you?
SPEAKER_L: Okay, I'm in Rochester.
SPEAKER_R: Okay? How long have you lived here?
SPEAKER_L: About three years.
SPEAKER_R: three years? Okay, cool. uh
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. How long you've been in ST paul?
SPEAKER_R: Um since March? About like seven or 8 months? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Where were you before then?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh I live in florida and uh every week from Wisconsin though, so yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So you're used to the, to the winter?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, I was trying to get away from it but circumstances brought me back up here and so I have to experience at least two more winters before I can move back down south. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Very cool.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I think this is my fourth actual claw with better help. But um yeah, it's just a unique experience that they're doing here with the the conversations.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's pretty neat. I spoke so this is my third, I spoke with one guy in new york, a programmer in new york and I spoke with a last night, I spoke with um she was a public health person in California, that's pretty neat.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, handsome. Different types of people everywhere and get to see them. So what is your name?
SPEAKER_L: I'm sam
SPEAKER_R: Mhm Sam. Okay. I'm chris chris
SPEAKER_L: chris awesome.
SPEAKER_R: I always forget to ask that when I'm doing the questions afterward. I'm just like I didn't even get the person named talking for 30 point. So uh let's
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: see.
SPEAKER_L: what are you doing, ST paul?
SPEAKER_R: Well, I'm actually recovering from a car accident. I have broken a lot of bones while I was in florida and I live, I moved here to be near family that can help me while I'm recovering. So
SPEAKER_L: that's good,
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Um as for work, I do still try to work. Like I self published the book since I've been here. Um and there's a little business that we run as a family. So we kind of sell like uh items like purses, key, Shane's oils, lingerie. We sell a lot of different things. And uh so I've been kind of helping them with that, doing the labels, printing out stuff,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: making flyers and things like that. Mm
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mm hmm. Try to keep busy because being home bone has been a bit of, it's a bit of a challenge. But I think a lot of people are homebound now because of the virus of, I think so,
SPEAKER_L: What,
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: kind of can, you know, sympathize with me, empathize at least with me that, you know in the house all day is kind of a struggle. What do you do?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'm an addiction counselor. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: this? Any addiction? Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so I work for teen challenge,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So it's kind of like for teenagers and stuff
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: click.
SPEAKER_L: it's adult and teen challenge, I work with adults. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, okay. So kinda,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, there's a they have a team camp, but that's kind of the smallest part of the whole operation, so
SPEAKER_R: how do you like doing that? How long have you been doing that?
SPEAKER_L: I've been with teen challenge for over two years, but I've been a counselor for, if you include my internship, I'm closing in on a year and a half, but I've been LISZT like officially licensed for almost, it'll be a year in december. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Is that something that you, you want to do or is it a stepping stone to what you want to do? Oh,
SPEAKER_L: is what I want to do. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it took me a while to find what I wanted to do and I'm glad I finally found it,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you been impacted by the corona or with your current position?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah, so I was working in our residential facility in Rochester um and then uh like we opened up an outpatient clinic and that like we can't meet anymore, so um I'm doing all, I'm doing group therapy over zoom and individual sessions over zoom and it's just not the same, I'm really I'm I have a really good group of clients right now that are really working hard and they're trying to make it work and they're they're killing it, so in that sense like it's going well, like my work is going well, like the facilitation of my work is more difficult. Uh Yeah, so but my I have a Have a three month old daughter that was exposed right,
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: Like her 2nd day of day care. Uh So right
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: now she's quarantined, but I
SPEAKER_R: mike
SPEAKER_L: mean she's
SPEAKER_R: at all.
SPEAKER_L: quarantined were quarantine, so um so I've been able to work from home, which is nice. Um
SPEAKER_R: is the water doing? Like it is
SPEAKER_L: She's
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: fine, she hasn't developed any symptoms. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: so she can go back to daycare on thursday, it's a different day care, but uh yeah,
SPEAKER_R: mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: that's it's interesting.
SPEAKER_R: it has impacted everyone's lives. My father, he just got the news that he got corona and he has heart disease and diabetes and a lot of other things and he, he always takes things rough. Like he over exaggerated his uh illness, but like there's nothing I can do for him right now because of my own personal uh, with my broken bones, I can't actually go to Wisconsin and so I'm just checking up on him and make sure he's okay. He's just, he said he's been very tired, he experienced some headaches and I'm just like, there's no one there. Like I feel really bad because there's no one, none of his um Children are in Wisconsin so he's kind of alone. But
SPEAKER_L: that's and then you're just sitting alone in your house, Jeff pets or anything?
SPEAKER_R: no, no, I wouldn't be able to take care of any pets. I even try to get some plants, but I couldn't take care of plants down like, but my mom, she comes and visit me every now and then to kind of like help me around the house and my sister is going to be like a, like a personal care worker um probably in the next couple of months or so. So she'll be over here helping me as I recover. It's gonna be a long recovery. It's been about over a year now, but it was a really bad accident.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: Life can come at you, you have one set in your mind, like I had just recently had graduated and I was going to, I was working with Harley Davidson and I was working in their communication department and then the car accident happen and then my whole entire life just kind of drilled and went another direction, but I
SPEAKER_L: Jakes.
SPEAKER_R: kind of think positive because uh I'm not gonna lie, it was very hard, it was like very tragic, there's a lot of tears, but I don't think I'll get better. Just I don't think I will get better if I just like let all the like stay in grief for a long period of time. So so I'm doing, I'm trying to keep myself busy doing other things until I heal.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. Like there's a, you know my my grandmother is from texas and she lived very work tragic wife, sheep. She uh last her firstborn
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: son, he drowned
SPEAKER_R: there?
SPEAKER_L: on their farm. My mom's older brother when he was like 14, my mom was 12, And then like six months later my grandfather, my mom's dad um one died of lung cancer and they had
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: to sell the farm and change your life completely. And like, like
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: growing up knowing my grandmother, she had every right
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: to be,
SPEAKER_R: You know
SPEAKER_L: to be bitter, she had every right
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: to be angry at the world. But she never was like, she uh she looked at like her own situation and other people might say like why me? And she she told me this when I was going through a tough time. Like she asked, she said why not? You like why should anyone else have to do
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: it right?
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: Like that was always really inspiring to me and like just hearing, I don't know your whole story, but that's like seems like you have the same kind of outlook like.
SPEAKER_R: I try, you know, there's sometimes, well, I do say why me, you know not why anybody, why not anybody else, But why me? Why? Every time I try to achieve something, there's always something major that happened to kind of develop me and stuff like that. But like your grandmother, I feel like uh we all go through something for a reason. We have to have these experiences for some sort of reason and I may not know what the reason is now, but if I would never know what it is, if I just keep just feeling down about myself and even I don't want to be in Minnesota right now, I want to be in Arizona, that's where I had originally stayed. Uh I know that um I have relationships here that I didn't have before, that would never have if it wasn't for, you know, the experience that I had. So, it's, it's something new and I'll overcome. I would never have finished the book. I would, I would never, I would never have published a book because I would have been too busy with other things. So I'm trying to kind of, yeah, trying to kind of cope with the situation and have a positive outlook. It's not it's not every day that I try, but you know, it's not every day that I can feel good sometimes. I just feel so bad. I feel upset and I cry. But but then I just say, you know what? You still got to get up, You still gotta do your physical therapy. You still got to do something And that's what how it has been like for me. And you know, I'm on on doing surveys now. Now I want prolific and learning a little bit about that, interested
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_R: doing like this.
SPEAKER_L: prolific is, you know, I use it as kind of like a kind of like a time waster but also like it's constructive because I'm actually getting money. Yeah it's like I really enjoy that.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. I like Paralympic. Actually I had joined up prolific. I drank them in 2016. I did one survey and then I forgot about the whole, I forgot about the website. And I was like, you know what, I need to do something. And I was like maybe just surveys. And then I I read about prolific and I'm like, oh this sounds pretty neat and it says, oh you signed up for them before. I'm like really
SPEAKER_L: That.
SPEAKER_R: now? They have a lot of surveys. Uh I've been feeling down so I haven't been taking any surveys lately. But they have a lot of surveys that pop up and it's not like um swag bucks where you get just qualified for surveys, Like they get your information up front. So the survey seems to be tailored to who you are, some of them anyway, to who you are. So they talk about political topics and stuff like that, the things that you never even thought to ask yourself, you get surveys like that, so it's pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: it's really interesting. Like I think the difference between like swag bucks and prolific is like swag bucks is like marketing surveys and prolific is like academic surveys
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's a good way of putting it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: which and prolific is just there's less crap. It's like
SPEAKER_R: Well I had cracked the code to swag bucks. It's probably a temporary code that I'm kind of using uh swabbed books right now too uh for their daily goals and our um they have a daily goal or a total goal. So I meet my total goal every day without doing anything. It takes like one minute and I leave the fight. But but as far as surveys, I don't do surveys with them. Uh I just do it on prolific. I don't know if there's anything any other sites that I would go to do surveys on because they're usually time wasters usually get disqualified for them. But prolific. You got some interesting ones. I have one where they had us looking at like uh I don't know pictographs and a man and then you have to kind of decide if you like the pictograph or not by pressing keys and I'm like what is this? I
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: like I'm like what are they trying to say? Like if I say no to the pictograph do they kind of correlate that with the person that I've seen? I don't know. But I don't know. It's an interesting site.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Trying to figure out what they're trying to test. Have you ever done like amazon mechanical turk?
SPEAKER_R: I did I do have I do have it but I couldn't get into it. I couldn't. Yeah. There's people who make pretty good extra side income from that though. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: like you have
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: to be you have to really work that one though
SPEAKER_R: I ain't got time. I got. No it's not true. I do have time but I just don't have the patience for it.
SPEAKER_L: there you go. So you said you wrote a book?
SPEAKER_R: it's an erotica but it's uh I don't have a I have one mirror me to show you to put the thing. But it's like uh it's about like a lady who works for a research facility that hunts um new species that populate the earth. And so um she's been trying to target this one beast and she finally found him. But the beast kitten snaps her abducts her and they become mate. And so uh her team finds her and brings her back, realizes that she has some sort of D. N. A. That allows her to make with this beats and her company abducts her and then the beast goes and saved her. So that's basically what it's about. But it is erotica. So everything builds up to the erotic part of the what happens. But I wrote it I wrote it and I said I maybe should make this into a book. It's like a little story. So I was like I'll make it into a book and see if I can do it. So I kind of learned how to uh used uh creative cloud and um Photoshop and in design to kind of self published a book myself. And I think I think I think I did a pretty good job learning how to do it. Then I found some editors to actually read the story and make sure all the typos and grammatical errors was cleared up. So. And then I published it. Yeah it's uh is an accomplished I feel proud of myself because if I didn't do that, I'll just have been down on myself for those. I think it was like a month that it took me to make the story. So he has
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: headache.
SPEAKER_L: That's a big achievement. Like people think about writing books or dream about it and then you just like just do it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I think anybody can write a book, but it takes a lot of time. And then also like, there's this site that you can go on where you can edit other people's book. There's a lot of people that don't actually have the talent for they may have an ideal, but they don't know how to construct the ideal. So other people can understand what they're trying to convey. So I've read a lot of stories that I'm just like, it's hard to give people back feedback because it's like, I don't understand what you're trying to say here, but at the same time, like, I have to learn how to self criticism myself when someone says like one of my editor said, what are you trying to say here? I'm just like you don't get what I'm trying to say, are you
SPEAKER_L: And.
SPEAKER_R: done? No, no. What? But no, what I actually do is I um I really like taking constructive feedback and uh applying to the story that I wrote now, I'm trying to write something more like it's on the same, it's the same timeline, the same story, but it's not gonna be erotica, it's gonna be more of like a sci fi. So I've been writing that but it's taking a lot longer because with erotica, you know, you're building up to the neurotic seen, whereas the sci fi you have to build up to the actual plot. So I'm taking my time writing this next story, but once I'm done, hopefully by that time I'll be able to walk uh probably not normal but walk as much as I can. So do you have any other Children or you just have that this one?
SPEAKER_L: I've got to I've got a four year old and a three month old.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh how are you how are you handling that?
SPEAKER_L: you know for as much as it kind of pains me uh Lots and lots of T. V. Right now Kendall. Yeah we're reading a lot of books. She's playing on her own. It was just her birthday so she's got a lot of new new toys to play with. So she's got like a little science set over here that she's been playing with. And like a little there are these like eggs that are like really packed sand like really hard. It's not a rock but it's like almost a rock but you can like chip it away with your fingernail and there's like little dinosaur toys in the middle of them. So it's like you're it's like you're a paleontologist like chipping away at the at the rock and finding a dinosaur. So
SPEAKER_R: I don't know
SPEAKER_L: that's that's pretty she's been doing that a lot. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool you know I would probably look into that for my niece. She's five and uh lives in florida and I never know what to give her because she has everything so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But like the actually her her daycare provider gave her that for her for her birthday and she like ordered it off amazon or something. And uh we were looking at it and it came with like little cards explaining what each each dinosaur is and they are very obviously like incredibly poorly translated chinese.
SPEAKER_R: oh my gosh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It's it's pretty comical but the toy is fun. Like it's a pretty I'm that's pretty neat I think.
SPEAKER_R: yeah so she's her birthday just was here so she let a Scorpio then.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I don't know. I don't think that,
SPEAKER_R: Your ticket to the signs. Yeah twin brother's birthday was on the 11th And my nieces my niece just turned one
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: your twin brother's birthday was on the 11th. So your birthday was tell me 11.
SPEAKER_R: No no no no I have twin brothers so there
SPEAKER_L: okay. You're not
SPEAKER_R: are no
SPEAKER_L: the twin.
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I felt like, well it was your birthday every birthday.
SPEAKER_R: I'm glad I'm glad I'm not a twin. Right but they yeah they're birthday was in the 11th and then my I have a niece, her birth date, It was on the 5th. And then I have a Uh nephew I think his birthdays on the 21st. Like everybody all these kids are born on november, I don't know all in the in the winter I'm like all of my nieces and nephews born november december, january and february. I'm like what what do you guys what is it that you all have kids are all this time, what is it? But uh um
SPEAKER_L: In my family it's all october like everyone's birthday is in october yeah. My mom is worthy in this october like everyone on my wife's side of the family, their birthdays in october it's it's october is packed.
SPEAKER_R: it says something yeah has something to do with the family and when they like to conceive but yeah yeah I do miss my uh nieces and being around them because they want these kids are very smart like highly intelligent and then to it because without before my accident I stayed in a kind of a rehab facility and then I moved with my sister who had my niece who was for at the time and then she had gave birth to my other niece. And I'm just like it kind of lightens the mood to sometimes because she's very sensitive so she knew that I was uh you know something happened to me like the accident. But you know she knew when I was down and she would come in the room and stuff. She's very very attentive. So when I moved and she and I moved by myself and I moved all in Minnesota. I'm just like I kind of missed that kind of missed a little kid coming to bother me at the time. I didn't, you know. But
SPEAKER_L: right. Like my uh my
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: wife took, took my daughter, this was like before my second was born, but but took up, took my oldest to go visit her sister, my wife's sister in North Dakota once for a weekend. And so I was just home alone. It was just so compressing like uh
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I complained about it being loud or or being annoyed, but everybody's here, but it's like uh this house is so empty now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they kind of like the mood. I don't know if I will ever have Children, but uh if I do have Children. No, I just can't because I'll spoil them and I'm not a disciplinarian either. I will have to. My sister even said you keep buying stuff, you keep buying stuff for her. I buy constructive stuff, things that she can always use. I'm like I don't buy some things that like I will buy her like um I didn't buy her anything this year, but last year I know I bought her a lot of stuff but like I bought her a penny bank. Like I heard about her to pity banks. I bought her like uh I'm talking about my five year old niece, I bought her uh a strawberry penny bank and then I had bought her a candy penny bank where you put candy inside and she has to purchase the candy. I'm like she needs a learning
SPEAKER_L: that's cool. That's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was like, look, I bought her these pity banks and I'm like, and she's gonna, it's going to be useful to her in the future. And then she's scared. She was scared of the dark. And I bought her kind of like one of those projector night lights where they had like moons and stars all over the wall and stuff like that. Actually. I bought it for her because I was getting tired of her getting scared and busting into my room and saying I'm scared and I'm like, oh my gosh! So I waking me up so I got to do something and get her something. So I gave her a night like and she still uses that. Like all the Elsa stuff that she has is gone now. She doesn't even like frozen. I'm like, no. And then uh oh, you probably spoil your kids too and give them a lot of gifts. No.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean all of my kids, I love them enough to discipline him too though, right?
SPEAKER_R: Why you have to, you have to, I learned that I know that I'm just kind of like the nice auntie that I can't really give discipline. But
SPEAKER_L: Everybody
SPEAKER_R: under
SPEAKER_L: needs a nice anti.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but everybody, but if you leave her with me alone and she does something wrong, like I'm not the one that that can give out punishment. And so I told my sister that like I can't really give out, I can't dish out the punishment that you give her so I can't do that. And the only thing I can really do is like I can't locked in her room because she has a lot of toys in there, why she can entertain herself. I could have her stand on the wall, but then she doesn't, I don't like no, no.
SPEAKER_L: It breaks your heart. Yeah, I know that role. Yeah. Because when you put a kid in time out, you're not just putting the kid in time out. You're putting you in time out to. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So like that's why I just like, I can't have any kids because they at least their father is going to have to be a disciplinarian. But yeah, until then. No,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: but I
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: more of the disciplinarian in my house. But
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I think so. But you know, but overall I have a like my four year olds pretty well behaved like she listens
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: really well. Um Usually we don't have to do time out. It's the threat of time out that will get her to listen. Not that I like making threats, but, but that usually is pretty effective. So
SPEAKER_R: that's that's good. Right? It I've watched these kids on like tick tock and instagram and they have these like um challenges like for their Children and they will put like a bag of like gummy bears in front of the kids say don't eat it. And
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: then they leave the root and they leave the room and the kids, some kids, they just straight up just like, I'm gonna eat this candy, I don't care. But then you get the good kids and they're just like, I want to eat it, I'm waiting for you to come back. It's so cute.
SPEAKER_L: that's like borderline like abuse, like the emotional roller coaster. You're putting your kids through.
SPEAKER_R: I see these challenges all the time and I'm just like, oh my gosh. but you could tell though like the kids who get more discipline than the other when those challenges, because some of the kids, they kind of have guidelines set up and then some don't have that sort of discipline and it's kind of strange because it happens, these kids are very young, you're like two and three years old and
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: they've
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: already learned these rules that they should, they should be guided by. So it's quite interesting. Uh
SPEAKER_L: I'm very, I'm very lucky that like one of my kids or babies, they're pretty easy. They were pretty easy babies. Like my three month old is a pretty easy baby. Um
SPEAKER_R: I'm trying.
SPEAKER_L: And yeah, my four year old listens well and like this is like not, it's not because I know what I'm doing. It's just them, you know, you grew up and you you at some point you learn. Yeah, my parents didn't know what they were doing either. Nobody knows what they're doing. But
SPEAKER_R: Mm But you could tell, you can tell the parents that try and the parents that you know what I'm saying, Like my sister, she she does a really good job with her Children and she guidelines with them. She's trying very hard based on parents, I don't like talking bad about some parents but there are some parents that their kids do whatever they want and these kids, they get away with it and then they grow up with those same kind of principles that they can get away with doing whatever they want and and even if you say, you don't know what you're doing, you at the same time, you still kind of have an ideal that your kidneys, discipline your kids need structure, your kidneys, the kidneys that, and sometimes it kind of makes me angry when my mom says, you got to blame the kid, you can't blame the parent right now. This is my mom and my mom was arguing about this and I said, I understand she's talking about, we were talking about this one kid, he's 11 years old, he tried to, he tried a baby and
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it was on the news and I was telling my mom like this kid didn't have any structure growing up. He was already in jail at the age of nine And uh, even though he is responsible for the things that he's done, he's just 11 and I have to hope the parents responsible. And my mom was like, no, no, no. You should know better whether whether or not you were brought up in certain situations. You should know right from wrong. Even if it's not talk to you. I was a deep topic for 25 minute conversation, but the aisle,
SPEAKER_L: I mean there's there, I do see both sides to that, but like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Very tough.
SPEAKER_L: very unfortunate. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: All right. All right. Past 25 minutes now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We're at like 33.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Every 33. Okay. listen, I know I was talking a lot. I usually don't talk a lot, but it was nice talking to you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Good talking to you too. It was good to meet you. I'm
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: glad that like I'm not the only person in Minnesota doing this. That's
SPEAKER_R: Central. All right. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Have
SPEAKER_R: Bye.
SPEAKER_L: a great day.