if Good morning? Really? Yeah. Okay. Oh, uh Okay. Yeah. Hey, do you need anything? You know, I just realized that this is damp on the bottom. Would you just bring it downstairs? Okay, let me put this down. Okay, I'm gonna be downstairs for my little meeting thing too. Um If you just want to like senate on top, Yeah.
Hello, how are you
This is my 3rd eye, luckily I haven't been stood up yet. Sorry, I'm
entering my basement here for a second. Uh How are you
doing? Just, just fine. Where are you from?
I'm in Minnesota.
Okay, I'm in Rochester.
About three years.
That's awesome. How long you've been in ST paul?
yeah. Where were you before then?
So you're used to the, to the winter?
Yeah. Very cool.
Yeah, it's pretty neat. I spoke so this is my third, I spoke with one guy in new york, a programmer in new york and I spoke with a last night, I spoke with um she was a public health person in California, that's pretty neat.
I'm sam
chris awesome.
so
what are you doing, ST paul?
that's good,
and
that's awesome.
What,
what?
yeah, I'm an addiction counselor. Mhm.
Yeah, so I work for teen challenge,
well,
it's adult and teen challenge, I work with adults. Yeah,
yeah, there's a they have a team camp, but that's kind of the smallest part of the whole operation, so
I've been with teen challenge for over two years, but I've been a counselor for, if you include my internship, I'm closing in on a year and a half, but I've been LISZT like officially licensed for almost, it'll be a year in december. Mhm.
is what I want to do. Uh huh.
Yeah, it took me a while to find what I wanted to do and I'm glad I finally found it,
so yeah.
Uh Yeah, so I was working in our residential facility in Rochester um and then uh like we opened up an outpatient clinic and that like we can't meet anymore, so um I'm doing all, I'm doing group therapy over zoom and individual sessions over zoom and it's just not the same, I'm really I'm I have a really good group of clients right now that are really working hard and they're trying to make it work and they're they're killing it, so in that sense like it's going well, like my work is going well, like the facilitation of my work is more difficult. Uh Yeah, so but my I have a Have a three month old daughter that was exposed right,
Like her 2nd day of day care. Uh So right
now she's quarantined, but I
mean she's
quarantined were quarantine, so um so I've been able to work from home, which is nice. Um
She's
fine, she hasn't developed any symptoms. Yeah,
so she can go back to daycare on thursday, it's a different day care, but uh yeah,
that's it's interesting.
that's and then you're just sitting alone in your house, Jeff pets or anything?
Thanks.
Jakes.
That's awesome. Like there's a, you know my my grandmother is from texas and she lived very work tragic wife, sheep. She uh last her firstborn
son, he drowned
on their farm. My mom's older brother when he was like 14, my mom was 12, And then like six months later my grandfather, my mom's dad um one died of lung cancer and they had
to sell the farm and change your life completely. And like, like
growing up knowing my grandmother, she had every right
to be,
to be bitter, she had every right
to be angry at the world. But she never was like, she uh she looked at like her own situation and other people might say like why me? And she she told me this when I was going through a tough time. Like she asked, she said why not? You like why should anyone else have to do
it right?
Like that was always really inspiring to me and like just hearing, I don't know your whole story, but that's like seems like you have the same kind of outlook like.
Yeah, it's
prolific is, you know, I use it as kind of like a kind of like a time waster but also like it's constructive because I'm actually getting money. Yeah it's like I really enjoy that.
That.
it's really interesting. Like I think the difference between like swag bucks and prolific is like swag bucks is like marketing surveys and prolific is like academic surveys
which and prolific is just there's less crap. It's like
But
yeah. Trying to figure out what they're trying to test. Have you ever done like amazon mechanical turk?
like you have
to be you have to really work that one though
there you go. So you said you wrote a book?
That's awesome.
That's a big achievement. Like people think about writing books or dream about it and then you just like just do it.
And.
I've got to I've got a four year old and a three month old.
you know for as much as it kind of pains me uh Lots and lots of T. V. Right now Kendall. Yeah we're reading a lot of books. She's playing on her own. It was just her birthday so she's got a lot of new new toys to play with. So she's got like a little science set over here that she's been playing with. And like a little there are these like eggs that are like really packed sand like really hard. It's not a rock but it's like almost a rock but you can like chip it away with your fingernail and there's like little dinosaur toys in the middle of them. So it's like you're it's like you're a paleontologist like chipping away at the at the rock and finding a dinosaur. So
that's that's pretty she's been doing that a lot. So. Yeah.
Yeah. But like the actually her her daycare provider gave her that for her for her birthday and she like ordered it off amazon or something. And uh we were looking at it and it came with like little cards explaining what each each dinosaur is and they are very obviously like incredibly poorly translated chinese.
Yeah. Yeah. It's it's pretty comical but the toy is fun. Like it's a pretty I'm that's pretty neat I think.
Oh I don't know. I don't think that,
But
your twin brother's birthday was on the 11th. So your birthday was tell me 11.
okay. You're not
the twin.
Okay. I felt like, well it was your birthday every birthday.
In my family it's all october like everyone's birthday is in october yeah. My mom is worthy in this october like everyone on my wife's side of the family, their birthdays in october it's it's october is packed.
right. Like my uh my
wife took, took my daughter, this was like before my second was born, but but took up, took my oldest to go visit her sister, my wife's sister in North Dakota once for a weekend. And so I was just home alone. It was just so compressing like uh
yeah, I complained about it being loud or or being annoyed, but everybody's here, but it's like uh this house is so empty now. Yeah.
that's cool. That's really cool.
Yeah. I mean all of my kids, I love them enough to discipline him too though, right?
Everybody
needs a nice anti.
It breaks your heart. Yeah, I know that role. Yeah. Because when you put a kid in time out, you're not just putting the kid in time out. You're putting you in time out to. Yeah.
I
think
more of the disciplinarian in my house. But
yeah, I think so. But you know, but overall I have a like my four year olds pretty well behaved like she listens
really well. Um Usually we don't have to do time out. It's the threat of time out that will get her to listen. Not that I like making threats, but, but that usually is pretty effective. So
No.
that's like borderline like abuse, like the emotional roller coaster. You're putting your kids through.
No,
no.
I'm very, I'm very lucky that like one of my kids or babies, they're pretty easy. They were pretty easy babies. Like my three month old is a pretty easy baby. Um
And yeah, my four year old listens well and like this is like not, it's not because I know what I'm doing. It's just them, you know, you grew up and you you at some point you learn. Yeah, my parents didn't know what they were doing either. Nobody knows what they're doing. But
No.
I mean there's there, I do see both sides to that, but like
very unfortunate. Yeah.
Yeah. We're at like 33.
Good talking to you too. It was good to meet you. I'm
glad that like I'm not the only person in Minnesota doing this. That's
Have
a great day.