Hello How can you hear me?
Oh hi nice to meet you.
I'm good just reading a lot outside today so just at home. But yeah how are you?
I started think in March the middle of March just about
the about the time the pandemic began.
Yeah.
Um how
long have you been using it?
very it is and I don't know they've some of them are pretty interesting too so I've enjoyed it the most part. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Is it
no I was supposed to one time but I had to cancel it last minute. I had something come up. But no this is my first time. Have you done it before?
Mhm. Oh wow okay. Yeah sorry seriously it's been going on at I'm not sure what's happening but yeah now are you based out of the U. S. And I'm going to ask that. But are you in the U. S. Or?
okay. Yeah. Sam on the east Coast. Yeah.
Pretty gloomy. It's it's raining it's
been
reading in the last few days. Nothing super exciting. Yeah.
Yeah it's yeah
it's almost winter now
or you might technically already be winter. Um But yeah that's a great answer. Mhm. Yeah sorry I'm going to describe there's people like concord I don't know what they're doing on set, what's happening mm. Um Mhm.
but sure yeah we we have quite a few puddles by um yeah well I'm in university but our house, my roommates where we park our cars it's just completely coming to also just trying to like get to the car is like a you know going through a little like um yeah
it's quiet yeah it's the mr summer the heat and,
Yeah I I absolutely hate right um I'm not a really big fan of snowy that really just any sort of precipitation. Um
Yeah, but we have a lot of snow here but yeah. Um
Yeah.
I think
Yeah.
Okay. Have you been like home mainly these last few months or? Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm in my final year um
University. Yeah, so um yeah, I guess that keeps me pretty busy. Okay.
Yeah we'll have to look for a job soon so uh not looking so great right now. Yeah, depending on what's going to happen in the future. We'll see you next year. Yeah. Um You can see
we so it's we have a,
well the controversy, we've got two controversial, we are one of the first universities, it's like a sort of like precedent and then, I don't know it's been kind of chaotic but we have a sort of hybrid system right now, so
some it's like one of my housemates has a class um on campus, but uh everything else is pretty much ritual. Like all my classes this semester and most likely next semester as well are all virtual. So, um,
everything's online with the zoom and everything. So, um, yeah,
so I don't really go much to campus anymore, but yeah, I'm in my college town right now. Yeah.
Mm. Are you taking it through like a, like a local like college or you? Is it like one of those, um, they have different websites where you can take different
courses?
The lectures.
Okay. Yeah. What's the company?
Thank you. Yeah, we,
I don't know. Do you enjoy the online or do you prefer the in person sort of? Yeah. What?
Great. Right.
What?
it's I don't see. Yeah.
So like you mentioned, horrible. Is it like uh are you trying to get into like an I. T. Thing or is it a I'm going to ask her?
Great. That's cool. Yeah.
Uh huh.
That's cool.
Yeah
I think do you leave leave your you know your
resting or your house that much or
are you just usually at home? Well during the past few months ago? East?
Yeah that's convenient.
Yeah I'm usually at home. Um and then of course I have a few roommates so we're always um because during the week if they were busy with
classes and whatnot and then later on we just sort of are with each other. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah like besides
the grocery store. No the other places good then. Oh
yeah. Pretty pretty boring I would say not there don't we don't have much going on. Um But we'll see hopefully all you ever seen. What?
Most of the, well the to the island where we have we have uh there are a few restaurants are open busy busier parts of the city where it's um outdoor, a lot of outdoor seating. Yeah most of it's mainly take out. Um Yeah. Um
Yeah there's not much else through to me. Yeah. Do you think um she was going to say yes. Yeah it's been a interesting few months or a year I guess I would say. Yeah.
Do you do you live by yourself? Did you have like roommates or friends
or?
Yeah this guy's
I'll probably around thanksgiving go back to visit my family. Um uh Yeah I have to go back then in a couple of weeks but right now it's just me in there, roommates. Yeah.
Mhm. Oh yeah, no, we're all, we're all pretty close. Many I think I yeah, we all met together
and
this organization in school and we, I've been friends since then, so yeah, no, they're great. Um I couldn't imagine living with any other people, so it's definitely nice. Um definitely helps because I made a previous two years. I was um well I hadn't wondering maybe, but I wouldn't see them too often, so pretty much had the place to myself that got a little boring granted. It was pretty pandemic, so it was still okay, but I can't imagine living with myself right now. Um Yeah. Yeah. What do any plans for the absurd,
Oh yeah. Do you have any plans for the weekend or? Right,
that's good. Right.
no, I guess just kind of, I guess we'll see what happens this weekend. Yeah. Nothing exciting plan. Probably just doing work for classes. Will have exams in um here in a couple of weeks. I might have to start getting ready for thought and then um Yeah. Yeah. Really? Something interesting. Yeah.
Yeah.
Well,
can
Um I wouldn't uh I guess it depends on the classes, it's going to be more difficult, but it is, it's a lot more work piled on now. You know, we have like different
projects
and papers and research projects and exams of course and stuff going on and then um didn't because for no final year. So like applying to jobs and interviews and all kinds of stuff going on. So that's a little chaotic. Yeah. Yeah,
I guess
it's pretty difficult,
at least for
me to like balance all
of those
different
things at
once,
But, you know, we'll see what happens, right? Um Yeah. Okay. Yeah, it's kind of hard to make plans now for, you know, like different breaks and stuff because there's nowhere to come. Um
I was there, yeah,
yeah. Uh Yeah, yeah, what else is there? Mm Yeah, yeah.
Have you been doing anything like maybe taking up any hobbies or anything during this time to like for
fun or something? Yeah.
Mhm.
I did when I was one of my roommates has a it's the not to us what is the the the Nintendo switch
switch? Yeah, so we've been some, once in a while, we'll play like um what do we play, like Mario Kart or something with all of that? I don't think that too many games on it. Yeah.
but yeah, what do you have? Oh, you said you have? Uh Diaz?
Right.
that, I think I've heard of it ever seen it before, I don't have it, but um
So is it like different like ruins every time or is it like for you?
Mhm. Okay, that's fine. Yeah, I've been trying to look for something to video games. I one of my own on my roommates, one of my friends um do you do a lot of like online games or like that? Like what is it called? Like Steam or something? Mhm.
Okay. Yeah. Trying to think. There's something I'd like to called the name is um yeah, I don't know sometimes have issues because I try to download to me games or something on my laptop, but then it um there's never enough space so to save anything, but you know.
Mhm. Yeah. Well that's one thing I think my laptop itself I don't know it's been kind of old now but um storage issue. Yeah
they have had what was it Steam I think every once in a while they get like yeah like certain games that are Like for free or something you download for like a week or two. Um If you download it between those like time periods then you can get it for free and have it fate forever. Yeah
Yeah and I don't really play to me well granted before the pandemic a clear street
but now so I don't really purchase too many are really purchase any of them but sometimes they have a couple of free ones. I'll take a look at them and see what they're about. Yeah.
Um
I used to days when I was younger I
P. S. 22 Yeah this is many years ago.
I've played video games in a while. Yeah.
I definitely did too. Did you also have like do you have like a like what did you play them on?
No.
yeah but we don't know whatever happened to the we yeah I guess they never yeah I definitely like you with the we that I don't yeah I've not heard about anyone claim yet.
Tweets
this sort yeah the switch
switch Xbox. I'm not probably no I never had an Xbox I don't know what those were like but yeah but thank
for the game not game cube. I don't think I really did he do or like a Gameboy or sometimes what?
Oh wow.
I was
black
and white wow.
Mhm.
Yeah
I know I can't imagine that, but um yeah,
I think a lot of people when they had a game with the other ideas, something is either Pokemon result. I remember a lot of my friends used to play that when I was much younger, but mhm Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, like a little charger and it's lot more portable. Well yeah, you don't need like different batteries and keep spending money on batteries every time. Yeah, smaller um
Good, yeah, mm hmm.
bro, maybe even on those occasions on the um but yeah, yeah, do you do any like things outdoors or like hiking or something or?
mm.
okay, that's good.
there's like less people and stuff um yeah, they're not simply hiking. Yeah, some of your thoughts, but yeah, okay. No, remember whenever I think of like maybe getting like fostering a dog or something and then uh
I don't know
I've never
had
pets, I feel like that would be a lot of work but it would be fun I suppose. Oh yeah.
Okay.
I'm uh
yeah it depends I um they don't seem good hacks and then there's been something that we're not that much fun but um Mhm. Because the more I prefer more like I used to swim a lot before I before I came to college. But um yeah I wouldn't say I'm super outdoorsy but yeah come I don't know always afraid there's gonna be like a bear or something hiding something. Um
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I heard it might have been him or someone like him. Yeah. Yeah. Oh I don't know I can't imagine doing that. But is he the is he still alive or did
they not meet him up?
well exactly
the point. Yeah that's not I'm uh yeah that's right but yeah okay. Um Thank trying to think what happens in this reading instructions again. Okay
I think
is the area to It has to be at least 25 minutes. We started three. I'm not wearing my glasses I can't see that all.
Make
three to release you
pull it up in there and still lives there. Yeah. Right. Yeah
we'll
be
Oh
yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah I always wanted to date you should have let the instruction do like record these and then watch it or they like watching it right now.
Earth
uh interesting. Yeah that's why initially the first two times I wasn't too chin on it. I thought why not nothing else to do today? Um Oh.
Mhm. Yeah
those.
Oh right. No no and I don't have anything interesting to like that, I don't off the top of my head, but yeah, probably not be a good thing. I'm sure there's some protection or something in the, the thing we had to read through, but I never really liked those initial statements are just so long and Uh huh Yeah. Uh huh, this is there, but you're in the lowest area, sort of, it's different now. Um but yeah, It's also been on here for 41. Oh,
I
think I logged onto the page earlier, I forgot.
What time was that? Yeah. Oh, sorry, yeah,
is the right time. Okay.
It should be
in.
Okay, cool, Well it was nice to meet you. Okay.
Yeah, we'll have
a good day. Thank you.