Hello?
Uh Yeah, I can hear you. All right,
nice to meet you too, yep. Uh huh. How are you doing?
Um doing okay. Uh how long have you been using, prolific?
Thank you.
All right.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Actually, I've been using it about four years now. I think it's a good, it's a good um site for for doing surveys and stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah, mm. Have
you done this uh this activity before the Converse online conversations?
Yeah, I've done it, yeah. Uh I think this is the third time I've done it,
Yeah, I'm in the US in Eastern Time, right?
how's the weather?
We
have,
yeah, same, same for me. It's been raining. Not, not really cool, but a lot of rain. Mhm.
You know what?
This?
I was driving yesterday actually, there was so much rain on the roads, there were a lot of puddles and if you drive over them, it's almost like it's almost like driving over a little lake. Some of them get worried. Yeah, your car is not going to, it's going to stop driving or something,
Yeah. Yeah.
I know. Yeah, I um but I kind of like the fall more except for when there is rain.
Yeah, I don't like to know that much. Okay.
Mhm.
Thank you. Okay.
No problem. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Right.
I haven't been employed since the pandemic started. Um I've been, I've been taking an online class recently. Um, It's on oracle oracle database. Yeah. Are
you going to a university?
Oh really?
Mhm.
your university open? Are they doing the classes online?
Mhm.
I think
No.
Yeah.
Yeah I'm using zoom for for my class I'm taking now too.
It
is it is actually it's through a local college and a year they're using zoom for the
of course. Yeah.
Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean I like the online course it's more it's definitely more convenient that I can do it from home.
I think probably would like
in person courses more but online is more convenient. Yeah you're finished.
Yeah.
Um Yeah it's for uh it uses the language SQL or sequel. Um And I think it's for uh managing databases I think I think that's what it is for.
Okay.
Yeah it could be for say a database administrator job, hey that
that kind of job. Yeah.
Yeah.
Certainly
the public
Um Yeah, I'm at home most of the time. Uh I guess I just I leave my house to buy groceries and stuff. Um uh I visited family members a few times. Uh huh. But yeah, I'm at home most of the time now, I don't have to go to leave every day for work or anything like that, mm hmm.
How about you?
Your intention?
Anyone?
You got it.
yeah, I went to a Mcdonald's a couple of weeks ago and I remember they said they don't you you have to order takeout, you can't order inside there right now. They have that rule, which makes sense, but they have a rule um you've got to order takeout, no indoor dining. Mhm.
Right.
evidently it's Mhm.
I
live with just my mother right now, yeah.
And you live with your your roommates? Uh
Um Do you get along with them? All right,
that's
just good.
Go on.
You see, I uh I think I'm visiting a family member this weekend. Uh Yeah, that's that's the main thing.
Do you have any plants? Okay.
Yeah.
Oh,
so
um if you're in college and I'm guessing now is when um the courses start getting more difficult in the middle of november,
it's
complicated
and
then everything
around
and
not
at all
like screaming
at
something.
There,
Oh yeah, there's not as many places to go.
Thank
you. Uh
I spend time playing video games. Uh
Okay, I guess the main system I'm playing right now is I have a three D. S. Um uh Do you have any video game systems?
I'll switch,
No. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah three D. S. Um There's this game I'm playing called let me see. Okay. Mhm. Okay.
Oh zero escape I think that's that's the name of the game. What? Yeah.
I think it's sort of have you ever it's sort of like an about an escape room? Uh There's like nine people trapped in a escape in a room or in some sort of dungeon that they don't know how they got there and they're trying to figure out how to escape. Uh huh.
there's a lot of rooms I guess in puzzles too solve and I guess you don't know where the next room leads into,
I played some on Steam before.
Yeah, I know Steam has so many different games uh I guess it could be easy to, you could like just buy a bunch of games, but then you realize you don't have enough time to play them all.
huh.
I've heard of that before, I know they have sales sometimes, some of that.
Problem.
Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
just maybe.
What? Mhm Yeah.
I still play them though, I don't don't spend as much time as I used to when I was younger, I used to spend a lot more time playing them. Thanks.
At a PlayStation two and uh a game cube
and um intended we that was some of the ones say.
now
they have the switch, that's what Nintendo is
easy now,
yeah, think about it,
yeah, the game Boy, I remember I used to have one of those when I was a kid, one of the original Game Boys um
yeah, I just remember it was the screen was black and white and
you are
you
yeah and you have to use double a batteries to play it uh and
yeah,
yeah.
Mhm.
mm. Yes, yes, you know it's a lot more convenient to have a battery charger.
Mhm.
Look up here. What?
occasionally um
so yes sometimes I go by taking a little bit um but I went I went to uh park probably probably yeah two or 3 times since the pandemic. Um
yeah, I think hiking is easier to do that, it's outdoors and what?
I know
as
you
can.
Yeah.
Do you like hiking?
Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah. Oh uh I've heard of these people, I read this movie one time about I think it's called Grizzly Man. It's a documentary about a guy who used to live with Grizzly bears.
Now
not killed by one of the bear.
it's sad.
Mhm.
Yeah, I think
let me see. Yeah.
Well We started at three.
let me see what it says. Mhm.
Yeah, I think a couple more minutes and
well
good. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
I think
they recorded, I think that's what they said. They recorded and watch it. Yeah.
Mhm.
Okay. Yeah
this wouldn't be a good um if you've got secret confessions, I wouldn't recommend you do them right now.
Come
on.
Think
yes. I think it's about,
yeah I think we started three so I think it should be
25
minutes by now.
to meet you too.
You