SPEAKER_L: All right. Uh huh. Or okay. That's one. Yeah. Mhm. But mm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hey how are you? Good morning,
SPEAKER_R: Fine thank you, how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Good good. My name is Michelle.
SPEAKER_R: Really? My name is Michelle
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, well that's awesome. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yes it is.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, how's your week going so far?
SPEAKER_R: Okay I can't really complain too much. How's your week?
SPEAKER_L: Uh It's alright, worked busy but it's a good thing, I'm happy to have a job right now but just like it's a little crazy. So this is kind of like my break this morning which is kind of nice. So thank you.
SPEAKER_R: I have no problem. Where you're from
SPEAKER_L: Uh Right now I live in boston but I actually just moved here from ST louis. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay
SPEAKER_L: Well well that colder here. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from the Bronx new york.
SPEAKER_L: Okay so we're kind of close has
SPEAKER_R: wow ST louis I mean how was it in ST louis?
SPEAKER_L: um it's like people don't take covid that seriously so that was kind of scary but it's also like not doing that well like with crime. Uh So it's it's a little sad like I think the city will be doing well in like five years but they have a lot of issues to like figure out. Um So like luckily my partner got a job appear so we were able to move because like I lived there for 10 years and I really like it, but it just like it got basically two dangerous like downtown
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: we were living. So I was a little sad but I don't know, I wanted to do well eventually. So there,
SPEAKER_R: What made you live in ST louis?
SPEAKER_L: so I just, I went to college there and so I just stayed for like, I don't know. Yeah, I guess the last decade. So so
SPEAKER_R: wow. So you're the first person I ever met that lived over there?
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah. I mean it's like it wants to be a big city but it's pretty small. So I don't know how to like describe it compared to anywhere else because like it doesn't compare to Chicago or anything. I guess it's kind of
SPEAKER_R: Mom
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: mom.
SPEAKER_L: Memphis or something. But uh yeah. So how about you, have you, have you always lived in the Bronx?
SPEAKER_R: Um I always lived in new york so but I was really raised in Brooklyn so yeah pretty no both burrows a little bit of queens but yeah for the most part my adult life was spent in the Bronx
SPEAKER_L: Nice. Do you like it or would you? Which is Go
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: ahead
SPEAKER_R: side the side of the brush that I live and is pretty cool it's good. Um It's called Parkchester so it's you know a lot of trees and nature, I live about 10 minutes from the Bronx zoo so it's
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: nice in this particular area in this very mixed
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Nice. Yeah that's always the best something I like about boston too is like there's so much like we like to travel and like we basically never saw like a whole lot of other cultures in ST louis but here it's like everything you go to the grocery store, you hear like 10 different languages and it's just like so exciting here.
SPEAKER_R: So what's the most famous thing in on boston?
SPEAKER_L: Um I don't know yet actually like I mean you know I we haven't really gotten to do a whole lot just because of like you know things being closed. But um I mean I we just kind of drove around near Harvard um recently and that was
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: like semi it's pretty um but like all the history and stuff with like um I don't know something like the colonial things, I think there's like a huge trail, you can do that. Like head solder. All the, I don't know like the early settlers stuff and like paul revere's house and all that. Um I'm I'm not a huge history, your american history buff so like I'll probably do it but I'm maybe not this year. Yeah but I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I think they famous for some seafood I think. Is it a boston? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: think they're right. Yeah I think it's like um while clam chowder and like yeah I think like clams and oysters and all that stuff but and I don't really I can't really eat seafood.
SPEAKER_R: Hold on.
SPEAKER_L: It was but
SPEAKER_R: Oh too bad wow. Have you ever been to new york?
SPEAKER_L: I have once and like embarrassingly it was like over 10 years ago so I really need to get back because I loved it. But uh like I was I was still like a kid so I was like 18 and so well one like I couldn't even do have this stuff because like you know, I was underage, but to like I'd like to my partner hasn't been, so I'd like to take him and just if I could afford it like spend a couple weeks there and go through all the boroughs and like see everything.
SPEAKER_R: mm Nice. So when you visited, where did you go?
SPEAKER_L: Um I saw like a little bit of like Brooklyn, Bronx, queens, Manhattan, I think we've stayed uh like somewhere near Central Park, like I don't really remember it that well. Um But we got to remember thinking Central Park was awesome. Um And we went to like uh we went to a broadway show which was cool.
SPEAKER_R: relax.
SPEAKER_L: Um But yeah, I mean it was just kind of like a fast track, like checklist, I didn't really get to spend time, you know? And so
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: I'd like to come back and just like hang out and not have an agenda. So.
SPEAKER_R: wow. Yeah a lot of changes since you last cave so it's a little different now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh What's your favorite thing to do? Like uh Covid aside if there's nothing going on, like what would you do on the weekend?
SPEAKER_R: um really basically you know go to the movies um if there's a good movie out um I have I'm tired of shopping I got to that age where it's just like it doesn't matter anymore is no one to impress so I don't really I go to thrift shops now so that that was my new thing pretty much. Um mhm. And I live in a burrow where, you know, a lot of malls popped up. They built a lot of malls, so just work related stuff. I might be working near a more in a more um and then like I said, the movies, the Bronx Zoo Manhattan is expensive to do stuff, so, but they have a lot of last year, they had a lot of free events, so I was able to go see little concerts here and there for free. So that's what I tend to do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That sounds awesome. Yeah. Like that's moving from like a really affordable city to like boston or I mean new york new york's even more expensive like yeah
SPEAKER_R: wow,
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna be all on like all the there's so many universities here, like I think all like they have like a lot of free stuff during the summer and I know um like from what I've heard, there seems to be a lot of that here too. So like that's I plan on doing a lot of research before next year and hopefully everything I guess more open so we can enjoy more stuff like that. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: wow. What, what do you don't do work wise?
SPEAKER_L: Uh I work in text. So I worked for like a startup that um takes like all the customer service like conversations and surveys
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: that people have with like online stores or social media companies and like we build like a machine learning model so training the computer, it's like categorize those so people
SPEAKER_R: Ooh.
SPEAKER_L: so like those companies can use like their customer support faster and like answer people's questions faster and stuff. Um So it's it's a start up so it's like there's only like I don't know, 15 people that I work with in this company and we're all remote.
SPEAKER_R: small.
SPEAKER_L: So yeah it's tiny. So we're still like very young so um maybe in a couple years will be a good like company and be making more money and that kind of stuff. But
SPEAKER_R: man. Was
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: it always remote or just due to Covid?
SPEAKER_L: it's kind of both like we always have like it's based in California. I've never
SPEAKER_R: Why
SPEAKER_L: worked
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: it in California, so I've always been like technically remote, but um they started a team in ST louis so we had an office and then they, because of covid they just shut it down, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Is it easier for you to work at home?
SPEAKER_L: no, I miss, yeah, I miss people and I'm way too close to my my bed or they or the kitchen, you know? So it's just like uh no, I miss like separating right, my personal life and professional, and I mean like I started working like two hours ago and I wouldn't do that if I went into an office, like I would still have the morning and so I don't know. But yeah, what about you have like what are you do for a living?
SPEAKER_R: What the funny thing is that I had to take up new type of jobs since Covid, so before I was doing um a lot of what you call events, event staffing type events, a lot of act a lot of acting too and I was a brand ambassador, but because everything has to do with crowds and a lot of people, many of those jobs or no more and with the acting world, well they keep wanting to put something up your nose every day, so I'm not really, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's a lot, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm not with that right now. I just wait till all of this is over. So since the Covid I've worked as um maintenance and the projects um the south Bronx, I did a little bit of that, which was horrific. Um you know, because you know, you're going to these buildings and you just see so much crazy stuff, you know and then every time I get there I met with candles and you know, knowing somebody just passed away last night. So um it was like almost every building and you don't even know if it was due to Covid or it wasn't just somebody gets shot. So it was a dangerous area to work in but they had us um wiping down elevator buttons and mailboxes and poles and stuff that people touch so that they wouldn't be in contact with Covid. Um And then after that I became a census worker and the numerator, something I never did before, but I just did it because that was a job that was being offered at this time when many businesses were still closed. Um but now that we have opened back up pretty much. So now I'm a brand and health ambassador um at a restaurant area Chelsea market. So I just go around telling people to keep their mask on over their mouth and then it knows pretty much easy job. But you know, some people still don't like wearing their mask.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, jeez. Isn't that crazy though? Like how at this point, like can you possibly,
SPEAKER_R: I know, I know what people feel like you're taking away their freedom.
SPEAKER_L: they are
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: It's an interesting job, you know, because the restaurants can only have like 25% of the people inside. They set up tables and chairs outside of the restaurants. So we kind of patrol the area to make sure those who are not eating have on a mask.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah. Have you had any like, crazy like, confrontations or something where somebody like just
SPEAKER_R: No, I try to be as nice as I can be. I can't force nobody that were mass. I mean, you know, some people like I don't see why I'm six ft difference, but no, if I'm close to you when we're not six ft apart, so you're passing people you're not six ft apart. So some people like, you know, I don't you know want to wear it, but I can't force them
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, wow. Well, I admire you for doing that, because like, it's definitely like we need we need people everywhere saying
SPEAKER_R: Blacks.
SPEAKER_L: that like, I mean it's just boston is better than ST louis, but man, you would have been really busy in ST louis would have been like every other person. Uh
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: So you said like uh that you act like what kind of acting do you like to do? That's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: Um And new york is easy because we have a lot of places, especially in Brooklyn that as those places where they built near the water studios. So um and then you have Manhattan. So Manhattan is always a place where you can do, there's a lot of filming, so I do a lot of background work. Um So I did a lot of the shows that's in new york. Pretty much background is
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: missing money. Yes, easy money pretty much. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: you have like a, what was your favorite um set to work on?
SPEAKER_R: um definitely bull um And blind spot the companies that the shows that usually make the most or been around longer, they feed you better.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, Makes sense. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's like gourmet food, you know, you're getting a restaurant, it just is so good. But now because of Covid, they have changed the industry, unfortunately, I'm hearing that they have boxed lunches. So, you know, we used to have open buffets, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: this sounds like
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: an awful Kirk.
SPEAKER_R: yes, it was. So now you're just being given boxed lunches, so I'm like, wow! So yeah, this Covid thing really changed everything
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't even know like I was talking to my grandma last night, she was like, well when do you think, you know it'll be over? And like, I don't even want to say next year, I don't know like because
SPEAKER_R: we don't know
SPEAKER_L: yeah, she was asking me like, are you going to come home for christmas and she lives in the midwest as well. And I was
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: like, I don't know, like one just drive an 18 hour drive and to like, so it was already so um I felt like kind of dangerous like moving up here because of all the gas stations and the restaurants and you know, people you don't know like or even just stopping for food, like some places are better than others and like, I don't really want to do all that and then put you at risk and
SPEAKER_R: Bye.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, I hope I hope next year I hope by next summer so we can all like go out and do stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: hopefully, hopefully. Yeah, I just heard on the news yesterday that I guess to get rid of Covid, it really depends on the people. So when the vaccines come out not everybody is gonna want the vaccine, that's the problem. So if everybody got vaccinated then maybe you'll be able to get rid of it. But not everybody is going to jump on it because they're not going to trust it, so it's gonna take a while before
SPEAKER_L: and this
SPEAKER_R: people. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I just hope like they make it affordable Because I mean
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: if it's like $500, I mean you know I I don't know like sometimes they're really expensive and I have no idea what they're going to price it at but it's like well if it's something I can't afford then I might have to like take a couple more months and quarantine until I can't afford it and so I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Well, in new york, they said they have a plan when the vaccines come out uh that they're going to use like a place um like Jacob Javits Center, I don't know if you ever heard of it. It's a really gigantic place where they have um conferences and shows, so they're going to set up a vaccination uh spot in that place. So I guess hundreds of people could come in and just get vaccine vaccinated. So I think it's not gonna really cost maybe the
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: insurance company, but not not us. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: that that's good because yeah, I don't know like I haven't I haven't heard a whole lot about it, but it's good that like new york at least has its act together
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: because yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because we like we was the worst state, you know, So now it looks like all the other states are in the red and so I was, you know, the death toll is low now, so, but you don't know what's going to happen during the winter time because of the flu, you know? But that's another gesture right there. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: you do you celebrate Halloween,
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, no, that's not a
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: no, I'm, I'm a bible person and you know, I'd stay away from certain things.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, okay. Sorry, it didn't mean to
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: happen.
SPEAKER_R: no, no, no, you're not offended me. That's okay. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I was just like someone on another one of these calls asked me like if I'm going to hand out candy and I'm like no, like not not this year yet.
SPEAKER_R: without
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: that would be the trick. Right. Well, yes, I got Covid here, take the candy. Oh yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't know. Um Because like even, well I mean are you do you have like plans for any of the other upcoming holidays, like thanksgiving
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: or anything? Yeah. Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: too early I
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: think.
SPEAKER_R: to do is loom party with my family only because, you know, I know everybody's off. That's just the day. Everybody is also, I just want to do something different and new since we're not really able to meet each other in person, so I might do something like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's probably what we'll end up doing too because we're far from everybody and we're not going to travel so we'll just set up a couple hours and I don't know, I can just have zoom on and cook or something, I don't know. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's what I was thinking to play music to show photos and videos, you know, maybe do a little game show or something, you know, just try to make it fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. And actually there seems to be a lot of like, um, if, if not already on zoom, like there's a lot of apps that you can add to to do, like game shows and like, um, like trivia and like that kind of stuff, which is really helpful because yeah, it's nice to play games like across video calls. And like, I think at the beginning of Covid, like we tried playing like a board game with some of our friends and they had to have like a camera over the game board and then somebody had to like move the pieces and like we're all, it's,
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: which was really like quite the work around, but it works. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: that is so funny, wow. Well it's nice meeting you um the neighborhood that you live in now is it's much better like you said than living over there, wow. So you're close to or were you close to California?
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, that's just where my company is based, so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay, have you ever been
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: to California?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's beautiful. but it seems like it's also a mess right now too with all the fires and
SPEAKER_R: I know, I know, that's terrible, wow, it doesn't matter what side of the coast shoot on, it's like you've got problems, you know, so I'm I'm on this side because even in boston we're going to have them blizzards, that's a number of things you know I think we were kind of good last year so that that means we do for some heavy stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Well I'm gonna have to buy one of those huge winter coats that go all the way to the floor then because I don't have one yet and everybody says like you better get ready because it's yeah, it's cold
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's right. Um What what's the coldest over ST louis?
SPEAKER_L: Like freezing like 32 maybe it gets down to like, I don't know, 30 or like high twenties but it never gets really below zero.
SPEAKER_R: Okay so you're going to have a shock. Yes. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: my goodness. Yeah usually around we probably get below zero in January February. Those are the months. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I've got some time to like prepare. Okay. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Okay it's 8:25. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well thank you for talking. I appreciate it.
SPEAKER_R: No problem. I'm glad we both could wake up now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no medicating. Well yeah, I hope the rest of your week as well and yeah, I'm glad things are improving in new york too. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: likewise likewise so hopefully totally just have a great day and maybe we'll meet again. All right bye.