Hello.
Fine thank you, how are you doing?
Really? My name is Michelle
Yes it is.
Okay I can't really complain too much. How's your week?
I have no problem. Where you're from
okay
I'm from the Bronx new york.
wow ST louis I mean how was it in ST louis?
all
on
What made you live in ST louis?
wow. So you're the first person I ever met that lived over there?
Mom
mom.
Um I always lived in new york so but I was really raised in Brooklyn so yeah pretty no both burrows a little bit of queens but yeah for the most part my adult life was spent in the Bronx
The
side the side of the brush that I live and is pretty cool it's good. Um It's called Parkchester so it's you know a lot of trees and nature, I live about 10 minutes from the Bronx zoo so it's
nice in this particular area in this very mixed
So what's the most famous thing in on boston?
good.
I think they famous for some seafood I think. Is it a boston? Yeah.
Hold on.
Oh too bad wow. Have you ever been to new york?
mm Nice. So when you visited, where did you go?
relax.
My
wow. Yeah a lot of changes since you last cave so it's a little different now.
um really basically you know go to the movies um if there's a good movie out um I have I'm tired of shopping I got to that age where it's just like it doesn't matter anymore is no one to impress so I don't really I go to thrift shops now so that that was my new thing pretty much. Um mhm. And I live in a burrow where, you know, a lot of malls popped up. They built a lot of malls, so just work related stuff. I might be working near a more in a more um and then like I said, the movies, the Bronx Zoo Manhattan is expensive to do stuff, so, but they have a lot of last year, they had a lot of free events, so I was able to go see little concerts here and there for free. So that's what I tend to do.
wow,
wow. What, what do you don't do work wise?
No.
Ooh.
small.
man. Was
it always remote or just due to Covid?
Why
don't
you?
Is it easier for you to work at home?
What the funny thing is that I had to take up new type of jobs since Covid, so before I was doing um a lot of what you call events, event staffing type events, a lot of act a lot of acting too and I was a brand ambassador, but because everything has to do with crowds and a lot of people, many of those jobs or no more and with the acting world, well they keep wanting to put something up your nose every day, so I'm not really, you know,
yeah, I'm not with that right now. I just wait till all of this is over. So since the Covid I've worked as um maintenance and the projects um the south Bronx, I did a little bit of that, which was horrific. Um you know, because you know, you're going to these buildings and you just see so much crazy stuff, you know and then every time I get there I met with candles and you know, knowing somebody just passed away last night. So um it was like almost every building and you don't even know if it was due to Covid or it wasn't just somebody gets shot. So it was a dangerous area to work in but they had us um wiping down elevator buttons and mailboxes and poles and stuff that people touch so that they wouldn't be in contact with Covid. Um And then after that I became a census worker and the numerator, something I never did before, but I just did it because that was a job that was being offered at this time when many businesses were still closed. Um but now that we have opened back up pretty much. So now I'm a brand and health ambassador um at a restaurant area Chelsea market. So I just go around telling people to keep their mask on over their mouth and then it knows pretty much easy job. But you know, some people still don't like wearing their mask.
I know, I know what people feel like you're taking away their freedom.
So
It's an interesting job, you know, because the restaurants can only have like 25% of the people inside. They set up tables and chairs outside of the restaurants. So we kind of patrol the area to make sure those who are not eating have on a mask.
No, I try to be as nice as I can be. I can't force nobody that were mass. I mean, you know, some people like I don't see why I'm six ft difference, but no, if I'm close to you when we're not six ft apart, so you're passing people you're not six ft apart. So some people like, you know, I don't you know want to wear it, but I can't force them
Blacks.
wow.
Um And new york is easy because we have a lot of places, especially in Brooklyn that as those places where they built near the water studios. So um and then you have Manhattan. So Manhattan is always a place where you can do, there's a lot of filming, so I do a lot of background work. Um So I did a lot of the shows that's in new york. Pretty much background is
missing money. Yes, easy money pretty much. Mhm
um definitely bull um And blind spot the companies that the shows that usually make the most or been around longer, they feed you better.
I mean it's like gourmet food, you know, you're getting a restaurant, it just is so good. But now because of Covid, they have changed the industry, unfortunately, I'm hearing that they have boxed lunches. So, you know, we used to have open buffets, you know?
And
so
yes, it was. So now you're just being given boxed lunches, so I'm like, wow! So yeah, this Covid thing really changed everything
we don't know
in
Bye.
hopefully, hopefully. Yeah, I just heard on the news yesterday that I guess to get rid of Covid, it really depends on the people. So when the vaccines come out not everybody is gonna want the vaccine, that's the problem. So if everybody got vaccinated then maybe you'll be able to get rid of it. But not everybody is going to jump on it because they're not going to trust it, so it's gonna take a while before
people. Yeah.
my
Well, in new york, they said they have a plan when the vaccines come out uh that they're going to use like a place um like Jacob Javits Center, I don't know if you ever heard of it. It's a really gigantic place where they have um conferences and shows, so they're going to set up a vaccination uh spot in that place. So I guess hundreds of people could come in and just get vaccine vaccinated. So I think it's not gonna really cost maybe the
insurance company, but not not us. Yeah,
I know
or
Yeah, because we like we was the worst state, you know, So now it looks like all the other states are in the red and so I was, you know, the death toll is low now, so, but you don't know what's going to happen during the winter time because of the flu, you know? But that's another gesture right there. Mhm
Oh no, no, that's not a
no, I'm, I'm a bible person and you know, I'd stay away from certain things.
No,
no, no, no, you're not offended me. That's okay. Uh huh.
without
that would be the trick. Right. Well, yes, I got Covid here, take the candy. Oh yeah,
no,
I'm
going
to do is loom party with my family only because, you know, I know everybody's off. That's just the day. Everybody is also, I just want to do something different and new since we're not really able to meet each other in person, so I might do something like that.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking to play music to show photos and videos, you know, maybe do a little game show or something, you know, just try to make it fun.
no.
that is so funny, wow. Well it's nice meeting you um the neighborhood that you live in now is it's much better like you said than living over there, wow. So you're close to or were you close to California?
okay, have you ever been
to California?
I know, I know, that's terrible, wow, it doesn't matter what side of the coast shoot on, it's like you've got problems, you know, so I'm I'm on this side because even in boston we're going to have them blizzards, that's a number of things you know I think we were kind of good last year so that that means we do for some heavy stuff.
Oh that's right. Um What what's the coldest over ST louis?
Okay so you're going to have a shock. Yes. Oh
my goodness. Yeah usually around we probably get below zero in January February. Those are the months. Yeah.
Okay it's 8:25. Um
No problem. I'm glad we both could wake up now.
likewise likewise so hopefully totally just have a great day and maybe we'll meet again. All right bye.