All right. Uh huh. Or okay. That's one. Yeah. Mhm. But mm.
Hey how are you? Good morning,
Good good. My name is Michelle.
Oh my gosh, well that's awesome. Um
Yeah, how's your week going so far?
Uh It's alright, worked busy but it's a good thing, I'm happy to have a job right now but just like it's a little crazy. So this is kind of like my break this morning which is kind of nice. So thank you.
Uh Right now I live in boston but I actually just moved here from ST louis. Yeah. Yeah.
Well well that colder here. How about you?
Okay so we're kind of close has
um it's like people don't take covid that seriously so that was kind of scary but it's also like not doing that well like with crime. Uh So it's it's a little sad like I think the city will be doing well in like five years but they have a lot of issues to like figure out. Um So like luckily my partner got a job appear so we were able to move because like I lived there for 10 years and I really like it, but it just like it got basically two dangerous like downtown
where
we were living. So I was a little sad but I don't know, I wanted to do well eventually. So there,
so I just, I went to college there and so I just stayed for like, I don't know. Yeah, I guess the last decade. So so
yeah. Yeah. I mean it's like it wants to be a big city but it's pretty small. So I don't know how to like describe it compared to anywhere else because like it doesn't compare to Chicago or anything. I guess it's kind of
like
Memphis or something. But uh yeah. So how about you, have you, have you always lived in the Bronx?
Nice. Do you like it or would you? Which is Go
ahead
It's
Yeah. Nice. Yeah that's always the best something I like about boston too is like there's so much like we like to travel and like we basically never saw like a whole lot of other cultures in ST louis but here it's like everything you go to the grocery store, you hear like 10 different languages and it's just like so exciting here.
Um I don't know yet actually like I mean you know I we haven't really gotten to do a whole lot just because of like you know things being closed. But um I mean I we just kind of drove around near Harvard um recently and that was
like semi it's pretty um but like all the history and stuff with like um I don't know something like the colonial things, I think there's like a huge trail, you can do that. Like head solder. All the, I don't know like the early settlers stuff and like paul revere's house and all that. Um I'm I'm not a huge history, your american history buff so like I'll probably do it but I'm maybe not this year. Yeah but I don't know.
think they're right. Yeah I think it's like um while clam chowder and like yeah I think like clams and oysters and all that stuff but and I don't really I can't really eat seafood.
It was but
I have once and like embarrassingly it was like over 10 years ago so I really need to get back because I loved it. But uh like I was I was still like a kid so I was like 18 and so well one like I couldn't even do have this stuff because like you know, I was underage, but to like I'd like to my partner hasn't been, so I'd like to take him and just if I could afford it like spend a couple weeks there and go through all the boroughs and like see everything.
Um I saw like a little bit of like Brooklyn, Bronx, queens, Manhattan, I think we've stayed uh like somewhere near Central Park, like I don't really remember it that well. Um But we got to remember thinking Central Park was awesome. Um And we went to like uh we went to a broadway show which was cool.
Um But yeah, I mean it was just kind of like a fast track, like checklist, I didn't really get to spend time, you know? And so
I'd like to come back and just like hang out and not have an agenda. So.
Yeah. Uh What's your favorite thing to do? Like uh Covid aside if there's nothing going on, like what would you do on the weekend?
Yeah. That sounds awesome. Yeah. Like that's moving from like a really affordable city to like boston or I mean new york new york's even more expensive like yeah
I'm gonna be all on like all the there's so many universities here, like I think all like they have like a lot of free stuff during the summer and I know um like from what I've heard, there seems to be a lot of that here too. So like that's I plan on doing a lot of research before next year and hopefully everything I guess more open so we can enjoy more stuff like that. Okay.
Uh I work in text. So I worked for like a startup that um takes like all the customer service like conversations and surveys
that people have with like online stores or social media companies and like we build like a machine learning model so training the computer, it's like categorize those so people
so like those companies can use like their customer support faster and like answer people's questions faster and stuff. Um So it's it's a start up so it's like there's only like I don't know, 15 people that I work with in this company and we're all remote.
So yeah it's tiny. So we're still like very young so um maybe in a couple years will be a good like company and be making more money and that kind of stuff. But
it's
it's kind of both like we always have like it's based in California. I've never
worked
for
it in California, so I've always been like technically remote, but um they started a team in ST louis so we had an office and then they, because of covid they just shut it down, so. Yeah.
no, I miss, yeah, I miss people and I'm way too close to my my bed or they or the kitchen, you know? So it's just like uh no, I miss like separating right, my personal life and professional, and I mean like I started working like two hours ago and I wouldn't do that if I went into an office, like I would still have the morning and so I don't know. But yeah, what about you have like what are you do for a living?
Yeah, that's a lot, yeah.
Oh, jeez. Isn't that crazy though? Like how at this point, like can you possibly,
they are
and
Oh, wow. Okay. Yeah. Have you had any like, crazy like, confrontations or something where somebody like just
Yeah, wow. Well, I admire you for doing that, because like, it's definitely like we need we need people everywhere saying
that like, I mean it's just boston is better than ST louis, but man, you would have been really busy in ST louis would have been like every other person. Uh
So you said like uh that you act like what kind of acting do you like to do? That's really cool.
that's
you have like a, what was your favorite um set to work on?
Yeah. Yeah, Makes sense. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh my gosh,
this sounds like
an awful Kirk.
Yeah. I don't even know like I was talking to my grandma last night, she was like, well when do you think, you know it'll be over? And like, I don't even want to say next year, I don't know like because
yeah, she was asking me like, are you going to come home for christmas and she lives in the midwest as well. And I was
like, I don't know, like one just drive an 18 hour drive and to like, so it was already so um I felt like kind of dangerous like moving up here because of all the gas stations and the restaurants and you know, people you don't know like or even just stopping for food, like some places are better than others and like, I don't really want to do all that and then put you at risk and
I don't know, I hope I hope next year I hope by next summer so we can all like go out and do stuff. Yeah.
and this
I just hope like they make it affordable Because I mean
if it's like $500, I mean you know I I don't know like sometimes they're really expensive and I have no idea what they're going to price it at but it's like well if it's something I can't afford then I might have to like take a couple more months and quarantine until I can't afford it and so I don't know.
good.
Yeah
that that's good because yeah, I don't know like I haven't I haven't heard a whole lot about it, but it's good that like new york at least has its act together
because yeah.
you do you celebrate Halloween,
Okay.
Oh, okay. Sorry, it didn't mean to
happen.
I was just like someone on another one of these calls asked me like if I'm going to hand out candy and I'm like no, like not not this year yet.
No.
Yeah, I don't know. Um Because like even, well I mean are you do you have like plans for any of the other upcoming holidays, like thanksgiving
or anything? Yeah. Yeah, that's
too early I
think.
Yeah, that's probably what we'll end up doing too because we're far from everybody and we're not going to travel so we'll just set up a couple hours and I don't know, I can just have zoom on and cook or something, I don't know. Uh
Yeah. Yeah. And actually there seems to be a lot of like, um, if, if not already on zoom, like there's a lot of apps that you can add to to do, like game shows and like, um, like trivia and like that kind of stuff, which is really helpful because yeah, it's nice to play games like across video calls. And like, I think at the beginning of Covid, like we tried playing like a board game with some of our friends and they had to have like a camera over the game board and then somebody had to like move the pieces and like we're all, it's,
which was really like quite the work around, but it works. Oh.
Oh no, that's just where my company is based, so yeah.
Good.
Yeah, it's beautiful. but it seems like it's also a mess right now too with all the fires and
Well I'm gonna have to buy one of those huge winter coats that go all the way to the floor then because I don't have one yet and everybody says like you better get ready because it's yeah, it's cold
Like freezing like 32 maybe it gets down to like, I don't know, 30 or like high twenties but it never gets really below zero.
Okay.
I've got some time to like prepare. Okay. Okay.
Yeah, well thank you for talking. I appreciate it.
Yeah, no medicating. Well yeah, I hope the rest of your week as well and yeah, I'm glad things are improving in new york too. Uh huh.