nice to meet you,
Alicia. How are you?
Isha
cool. Where are you from, Grayson? Oh, me too.
Irvine.
So how's
life?
Fine.
That,
yeah, yeah, I'm only in California because of corona. Like I would that be in Canada.
I'm actually from here, but I go to college in Canada.
We lived in Canada when I was like four. Haven't been back there since and then I realized that it was cheaper to go to school in Canada than it is here because like California is like crazy expensive.
So, I mean to be fair, the cal states are not too bad. Um but the cost of my program in Canada and my mind, the most expensive one they have in my school is the same cost as cal state. I was like, yeah, let's do it, Try something new.
What else,
what else do you get to choose where you move to? Like, otherwise it's just whatever job you have takes you there so.
What?
It's not too bad. I'm in Vancouver, so the weather is like not that crazy, it snows 85 days a year and it rains a lot, but I like rain. Um and it's the warmest part of Canada. So you know west coast has got it, the culture is not too dissimilar. Yeah. Have you been in front of your whole life?
Most
of my
life where in europe?
Cool, interesting. How did that happen? Okay.
I
think
Children,
14
damn. I don't know. I don't know. American football was that big there.
Yeah, I can imagine, but I've heard people going uh to europe for like hockey, a fair bit hockey hawker, basically. Not so much for other sports. Yeah,
first of all to. Yeah,
Yeah
that's
Thanks
thing is they don't have that, they don't begin to college sports there are they? Like the U. S. Is huge. Thinking if it's not football it's like if you do college sports you you have a pretty good time in college here.
I guess it's a good way to associate with other people, not just people you grew up with in school. So it makes sense. Yeah
happening.
I
don't want to say.
school first. Well we'll see if europe needs because I feel like the school sports in America it's like oh get people you know get kids active kind of thing. I feel like europe doesn't have as big an issue that you know in general.
Obviously
I feel like it's a combination of, well the country is pretty small so when I get to travel that far if you're in America if you you could live in one town have to go like two towns over for your job because it's just really big. That's where the need. And then also they have good public transport there so you don't drive as much, he might walk a bit more bike or something.
Brandy.
I mean even in California is not bad at all for for walking and biking because the weather is almost always you know allows it. But I haven't even been to europe. But I I know like a lot of my friends in school or from europe and they always talk. Uh huh.
They
will it's like a weird passport thing like the I. R. S. Had my passport because they needed to renew something and then when it came back it was expired and I couldn't send it in for new york. I don't have any idea because my I. D. In the U. S. Is tied to my passport so that I had to go to the indian consulate.
It was weird. Yeah.
I've been here a while. I'm still in a visa unfortunately. But hopefully that changes soon. So if that like you know if you at least if you have a citizenship in the two countries you're in most, I'm definitely in the U. S. And Canada. Like I basically been here the entire like my entire life. Um So if if I have citizenship or even a permanent residents in those two countries and life will be so much easier could walk.
What
I would like I I think some people are you know they're used to visiting family in certain countries and they realize that if covid happens, they might be able to go back for a long time because they won't let anyone who's a visitor. You're not a citizen. If you're from a resident then you're not, then you are visited by definition. So. Yeah.
I guess. Yeah.
Process
for
instance,
I'm
sorry
for you.
And.
What
you think
it's
like
like
I
ID I want to see the government should be privatized because that's not always a solution all I'm saying the government has so much red tape in terms of like there are these rules that don't consider like certain fringe situations which definitely yours would fall under. It's not even that friend. Probably I'm sure a lot of people who fall into a kind of weird exception. They don't really have judgment with these rules, they just kind of say because they don't have money to devote to people actually deciding cases, I don't know. That's great.
wouldn't
it?
lot of people
that
yeah, I was gonna say that gets screwed over like with Canada um you can't even if you're a citizen which I am, you can't go back without a passport, you have to have a passport even if you have like you know your birth certificate or evidence of citizenship or whatever you have um they might
let you in, it's not like they're gonna definitely turn you away, but they always say like you must have a passport otherwise they're allowed to turn you away, I don't know, book a flight or drive from California to the border and then have them thrown away excited passport, you know?
I
agree.
happened.
What?
So even if you're like I assume you're filipino citizen as well and go
back even if you are a citizen and you have evidence of that because there's no possible.
Oh man I can't believe how many how many consulates from filipino concepts are there? In the U. S.
All
exactly the same for the Canadian one, there's one in san Diego, the one that's actually specific to like if you're if you're stuck in here in your new york personal situation individual
is in L. A. As well. But I think they probably have one for Canada and like I'll have
more of them. Uh they have like 15 or 20 the US.
but
In
the midwest.
if you're stuck. Yeah and then so here's the weird thing, right? So if you if you
are filipino and you're not american, you're living in the US then it is that
you know how the whole real ID. Thing. Uh I think the real idea if you want to fly within the U. S. If you have a a filipino passport in the U. S. And you don't have a real ID. But the Philippine pass has expired. Can you even fly within
the U. S. So
you know
because you had to go to Philippine consulate in new york, surely you have to drive there because if you don't have real idea that's kind of something but I'd be like really shitty. Yeah.
that's the same reason for the driver's license. Like in California you can't run your license almost, your passport is within six months expiring. Okay
unlikely.
Damn
lucky.
That's so funny. I mean it kind of worked out that way because you renewed it twice, didn't have to go in and get a new picture and then I had to remind
I mean what I mean it's just probably funny if someone pulls you over and look at your license or like how long has it been sir?
So
that's pretty funny. That's pretty funny. I'm 20. Um and my I had to so I got my list when I was 17 and then I had to go back less than a year later because my passport that time also passport expired. So I renew the passport went in, the one that I had that expired just now recently. That's when I had then Susan they renewed it about any picture. Like I'm gonna just like when I go back to Canada I'm going to just get a Canadian one because it's not if I'm a citizen it won't rely on my passport when it expired and I'm pretty sure I can drive here with the Bc license. So it is involving anyone there because you know I was a student I was never driving. They have great public transport and if you're a student like it's $40 a month and you get an unlimited you know bus pass, bus and subway. Um So yeah.
Hm
That's pretty funny. Do they like how would they check if you've been over three months?
Right. I mean I guess if it was a checkpoint and not pulling you over he probably doesn't care that much. Hopefully. Yeah. That's
pretty funny.
You
are.
Agreement with you in hand to show, Hey, I live here and this guy lives serious. Oh my God, that's such a man.
Change.
All
Sense.
So funny.
man.
That's it was kind of stories you tell when your international, like it works out in the end. Usually I feel like there aren't issues you get scared because especially if you're in another country, you know, and something happens. I don't even know it sounds
that's
true.
And
I don't work with that. You can look in your contacts for like who used to call here if you're arrested.
That
would be nice.
don't, you don't wanna gonna be back in severe pole and probably a couple of months from now, right? Like at least six months from now. There might open the borders.
hmm.
And there
we're like kind of understandably not too
happy with americans coming here. I get, Yeah. Reputation. It's a big thing.
Please.
we
had,
And
they have Children.
and
they
have
into a bit
you Damn Yeah. I don't think anything makes sense right now. So
at least
also I'm trying to like, I'm trying to find an internship for, you know, next term so I can go back to Canada and I feel like I'm not wasting money
by going there because my school is online, it's gonna be online probably Through summer and maybe even into like fall 21 and go back because I'm so done being home with family. Um and I'm trying to find a job, but they all say you have to be in Canada for your, the entirety of your internship. I'm like, oh my God, please let the situation work out, please let me go back. Like not having immigration issues and then if I can't, if I like land
the job and I can't come back and I lose the job, it's just
mhm
so fun. It's
those majors where you learn how to think, but when you
go down to reading in your resume, you can't really list any actual like, you know, squares or skills like I don't know how to like in our program, at least you don't learn computer science, you don't learn, we're going like, yeah, it's at least it's a cool program because
it's essentially
combines and you can't agree with the business minor and then doing the velocity minor. So I didnt really take the opportunity to get a useful minor but it's fine. Well fine,
brilliant.
There's
not,
I kind of wish I had majored in math because I love math in high school and we did a fair bit of Nikon but they don't really require you to that much unless you're going to go through school, which I, I don't know if I should start looking and take more because I
do
feel
like
I want to go to grad school one day, but I don't certain things about this.
because
yeah,
that
would be
The head.
Yeah, you could do that. Would you get like is there such thing as domestic or international tuition or is it all the same?
Okay, let's go. You could even go, I mean you actually, you wouldn't want to learn, I was that you could go to like France or italy, but then you have to learn a whole language that's kind of useless.
All
well,
I
have
that's the thing, right that my parents are, I I want to be looking for my daughter myself, but unfortunately someone a visa, I can't work in the States. Um So I haven't been able to save any money and I did work for one year when I was in Canada, I work part time. Um So somebody there but not enough to cover a degree because essentially costs the same as as four years in a cal state to go to like school where I am too, especially because the conversion rate is pretty good. But yeah, so
my parents are paying for my degree, but then for grad school and like obviously I'm paying for grad school myself, I'm like how do I get to a place where a company will agree to pay for me to go to grad school and if I do that will I be forced to only do an M. B. A. And no other options for a degree?
All
No.
First.
In europe,
A Master's in american studies from a school in europe, that's kind it's kind of funny story, but I don't think you wanna, you know, pay money for a funny story.
Who are
you?
yeah and I wish you could. I feel like grad school is kind of restricted in some cases. Like I I now I'm doing a Nikon program and I'm like what if I want to go to school for like clinical psychology or like therapies and I want to become therapist, I can't
do an underground in psychology so if I decide to change where my life is going I have to go back and do another another bachelor's degree.
I looked
it up, I think you have to have a pretty strong psychology background uh for clinical psychology if you want like a clinical therapist or I guess. But yeah. Yeah
you can use theology would be good but you know it's not like it's a I don't think you learned that much in kinesiology things.
I
think.
I think
that's
good
grades
honest.
Yeah I mean it's it is an easy major, I'm just saying like if you if there was a way to be like a double major kinesiology and not I'm kind of cool. Yeah.
yeah.
If
you
had
yeah if you don't make your party have taken you five years instead of four. I submit it for years.
Okay. Yeah we're taking
even
longer.
what
for
Jihad? That's it's interesting. Oh man. Yeah like I fully support the whole you know go to community college and transferred to a state school because you save a ton of money that way and in the end your degree has the same name on it as if you had not transferred. Um Like like I wish I kind of tried on that because then I would have to justify the cost of like a university California because I would have gone to U. C. S. D. Um
a choice after where I'm going now. And they
had very similar to a degree to what I'm doing right now. They have like a specific like a weird kind of uh econ degree but it was instead of economy businesses, economy math. So we've been kind of but I was like let's go to Canada, it's something new. I kind of sick of California at that point. Yeah.
Damn
it
is. But you know if you like, I feel like if you work, if you work one job, like a part time job while you're doing it, it's not too bad. Um Living on the say oh yeah. And then also the issues like situation you had sometimes sometimes schools don't like if they're small then they want to offer every risk masters makes sense because for them it is making money and then also sometimes they
don't like the bigger school you transfer to. Doesn't always accept transfer credits, Retake some sauces that you didn't like. At least with where I am like the nearest community college to me. Urban Valley College. They have a really good agreement with like all the UCS where like
they will take your credits and there's a very clear program of like applying for a transfer. So that's good. But sometimes you can get screwed over by taking a class and having good again in the, you know, for your school because they have a certain way they want to do it or whatever.
Whole
weird. That's some of the case of human judgment. Like I feel like there should be a human saying, you know, looking at the syllabus from your transfer of course and be like, okay, this is close enough, you know, world history, like
all
That's
good.
Like
you look at it again and then it was, it still doesn't cost you any more like you just took more money underground I guess so. Yeah.
Mhm. It really is. That's why I'm so excited to go back. Like I like so you can count the in Canada the drinking age it depends on on the problems but it's either 18 or 19 in B. C. 17. So
like we used to have a tradition of like me and my friends would go ice skating in the campus hockey ring and then afterwards go to like a pub and God beers and like miss that traditionally every Tuesday and then it would call every Tuesday and then even that stopped and like goddammit I'm missing all these times and I'm halfway through my degree and I don't want to miss like I don't want to covid just grew up at least
my final year if it wasn't screwed up would be nice. But to
the deal that was this year.
quick.
It's weird because I've heard to like, I don't know if it's competing. Maybe it's both. Like there's two things that
happened in europe on the drinking age and inspecting it. Just low one is that a lot of kids who are like super into smoking? But I guess America had that huge anti smoking thing. So we're like at least
good on the front were smoking generally, although vaping is not going up. Um And then people are more chill about alcohol so they don't go crazy when they turned or they don't go crazy in college and like blackout drunk.
bigger
makes
sense.
I don't get how like, so like there's so many countries in the eu mean that there are so progressive on like beyond America and then smoke like really smoking smoking is like so bad for you.
Yeah. You have like those gross. I seem to have like a gross like, you know rotted lung or whatever advertisements on there. At least they do in the US. I don't know about europe. But
I saw an internship for Philip Morris International when I was searching for, when I was like, oh no, why are you posting this? I don't want one of my, one of my classmates to work here. It's not worth it guys. Like fine work for amazon and I'm not a great company, but you know, they're not not pushing cigarettes, like it's not obviously bad for you,
I don't know if it was it was an entire episode. It was a segment, there was a segment of like john Oliver last week tonight on smoking and I was like, because it's it's really it's getting bigger in um East and Southeast Asia. And I think maybe South
Asia as well. I don't know. I mean it's kind of big. They're beginning like it's, yeah. Crazy.
So yeah. Good to meet you too.
Thank you. Thank you. And good luck getting back to coaching