my, come on. Hello. Hello.
Nice to meet you too. What's your name?
Oh sorry, could you say that again?
Isha Nice to meet you. My name is Grayson.
Okay. What part
Irvine. Okay. I've been fontana too far. Yeah. Okay.
On
what? I can't complain.
Everything's, everything's going a little weird with corona but
I can't complain.
Oh really? Are you from Canada?
Okay. Nice. How did that, How did that happen?
it
Yeah, that's good. I think everyone should try something new, especially if it involves going abroad. I think that's always a good,
good idea.
Yeah. Yeah, true, true. Okay. So how was um
was there any adjustment going back to Canada or because you lived there for a little while Before? An easy switch?
Um more more or less, I spend half the year in europe now. But I grew up in I grew up in California when I was really young and then most of my life
in
fontana
um I spent most of my time bouncing between Serbia and Poland.
I finished university
I
went to Serbia
to play american football and then I played in both Serbia and Poland and then the last couple of years I've just been coaching
in Poland
but it's not it's not particularly big, no. Um not like it is here for sure.
Yeah, probably soccer and basketball, the two really big ones.
Good leagues everywhere. Yeah,
it's a really
small, it's a really small thing in europe but hopefully it's
growing.
Yeah, it's sports in europe, it's more club based. Like usually you find a club to play for, it's not really big in the school system, it's completely different.
and
I don't know
what the big,
I guess it also goes with who pays for it because that's the parents kind of pay dues to the club versus tax dollars paying for school sports.
Yeah, that's true I think I mean I've spent most of my time in Poland and Serbia and in general those people are more active than typical americans so might not be as big
a problem for sure.
Yeah that's true. Walking and biking is way bigger than europe, definitely. I always lose
£10 every time I go back.
So they won't let you go back to Canada because of
Covid.
The
yeah those things I hate I hate Visa stuff, it never goes smoothly, no matter what government is involved in the whole world, it never goes smoothly.
and that's an interesting thing to a lot of people are thinking about how I need some other citizenship, whether it's political stuff or stuff or whatever. That's a lot of people are looking into that
now.
Yeah, I had a real problem with that with, I'm mad at the polish government. I don't understand I guess it's more of the Eu but
they shut down the country so I left, I went to Serbia um to wait and
see what
happened
when Covid
first started
and when they started playing again, I wanted to come back and finish my season coaching.
But they were allowing Serbian people to come to the EU but they weren't allowing americans. So they said I couldn't come back and
I was saying but I've been in Serbia, I haven't been in America since january. So America, Covid subscription has nothing to do with me. But they said it didn't matter, it's by passport because that's America and they wouldn't
allow
me to go back
and
work.
It's
like
Yeah that's the that's the fundamental issue of government is they have to kind of make a solution that fits most people because that's the most efficient way. But then even if you
fit most
people there's still a lot of people that get kind of screwed
with
bureaucracy.
Did.
Yeah. I ran into the actually the same problem with the Philippines because I also have a Philippine passport but it expired in september and I was I
wanted
to go to the Philippines to renew, it is much easier to renew it there but then covid happens I couldn't go in august like I wanted to and then next fire I said okay I'll go home and so I'm here at home. But the Philippine consulate doesn't have any available appointments until
until february so
I can't go because my passport's expired but then I also can't renew my passport so it's kind of annoying.
It
yeah because my passport's expired, it's not valid. I can't go back.
I don't know I think I would guess like three because I know I'm
lucky because the West Coast consulate is in Los Angeles so it's very close
it
and
that's good Because I know
they have a Philippine one in New York also and then I'm just kind of guessing they might have one kind of more in the middle of the
country.
I would really suck that fly to L. A. In new york if you're right in the middle.
It.
it's
What?
Probably
probably not.
Yeah. I think that's a big reason why most countries don't allow you to enter if you have less than six months on your passport. I think I'm trying to avoid situations that
I got really lucky with my driver's license to because it expired in august and I guess I had had renewed it the maximum amount of times you could renew it by mail, so I needed to go to the DMV. But because of coronavirus they don't want people at the DMV so they just
let me renew online again. So that was really nice.
But it's
kind of awkward because now I'm 30 And my driver's license picture is still me as a 15 year old when I got my permit, so it's kind of ridiculous.
I'm supposed to go take another one but thank you corona back. Yeah.
But even though 30 I get carded every time I buy alcohol, so I
always get that look like is this to you? That was me?
Yeah, in in most of europe you can drive with your american drivers, cyclists for three months, so I always just leave and come back, so I don't have to get a license when I'm in Serbia or or
Poland,
I don't know because I've never had that, like I got not really pulled over, but they had like a police checkpoint in Serbia and they just looked at my, I just gave him my California driver's license and then he asked me if I had a Serbian license, I was like no american, and he asked me a bunch of other stuff I couldn't understand, and then he finally just gave up and let me go, so I was like, oh well I guess it's fine.
I
little worried because the owner of the team I was playing for at the time, it was it was weird. It was like something I would have picture in a movie, like we were living kind of in his like the basement of his office building and then his house was kind of on a little bit of a hill right next to it. And he was just kind of looking, he was looking at me and my roommate who also played for the team and he just goes, make sure you win this week and then throws us the keys to his jaguar. And I was like, I was like, oh I guess we better win. Then when we went into the checkpoint I was like, I was like, oh like this isn't our car, like our name is not on the registration, like it's not a rental. I was like,
I don't
know, this could go bad.
So we were just driving someone else's car and I think technically it was his dad's car. His dad had passed away the year before and I don't think he fixed
register driving like a
dead guy to our like I'm glad they didn't bother us. I don't know
what we're gonna do.
Yeah. My Serbian is not
that good. I can order food and survive basic things but trying to explain whose card is and all that. That was not going to work. That was not going to happen.
If we get arrested, I don't know who to call. I don't have anyone's numbers
memorized.
We're just
screwed.
Well yeah. Hopefully I'll never have to figure that out. So
far.
So good. Yeah. Okay.
Oh well Serbia is kind of more calm about coronavirus so I'm hoping I can go back there in january. Um
But the Eu it's probably going to be six months
or something like that. Yeah.
Two.
Two. Yeah, I get it to an extent.
But then the EU has bad coronavirus because they allowed
all
of their citizens to travel within the EU and they spread it to each other. So it seems like, well if you're gonna let it spread like wildfire anyway, My big problem is in Poland, I lost my job because they closed the country for 400 new cases today And now there's over 3000 new cases and
they're still
playing. So
I was
like,
well
where's the logic?
I
don't I don't think the world makes sense so.
it's
Let
yeah, that stuff. What do you what's your major? Okay. Okay. Fun.
Yeah.
It
ST
The
is that?
Well you make it work, I mean I majored in math to be a
football coach so things don't always
have
to make sense.
Like
do
you
put
I really, I've always wanted to go to grad school without having to pay for grad school,
this is the problem. Um
Now
I have
a, now I have a master plan because I think that I mean my Serbian is terrible but I think you know three or four years I'm sure I can learn enough Because grad school in Serbia is like $2,000 a year, so
I was like I'll just learn Serbian and go there. My only chance
it's all the same. Yeah,
well in France in France
or italy they have english
grad programs but it's much more expensive, I
mean
cheaper than America but still kind of expensive.
So
Yeah that's true. That's a tough because I had I guess I did have a chance to go. They're weird and in
the UK you can get sports scholarships to kind of their version of the N. C. A. Even if you
already played in America so I could have gone to the U. K. To go to grad school but
the only majors they allowed us to do we're like american studies and I was like why am I going to get a masters in american studies? It sounds like
insane waste of time.
Yeah. Well please please educate me on how America
is even
though I grew up there my whole life. Um
I think
they won't let you do clinical psychology without
snake.
Okay. Yeah it's harder for clinical psychology because I was looking because I'm a coach now. I was looking at performance psychology and they're pretty lacks any major will work. Yeah
I would have I wish I could have gone back and done kinesiology or something. But I was so stupid when I was younger. I I got it
in my
head with PE or kinesiology were the easy majors and I didn't want to take an easy major which
now
that I'm
older
I realize
I'm just stupid.
was the one negative if I went to a junior college first and then transferred to a university.
So it kind of made it a lot will that and playing football made it a little too difficult. Double major. I wish I would have gone straight
out of
high
school.
It did it did take five years anyway because
I
made
but I made the mistake of well I guess it took me 4.5 because I made the mistake of taking math at liberal arts college. So they only offer geometry every third fall. And so the two fault that I was supposed to be transferred were the two falls that they didn't offer geometry. So I had to
stay an extra semester just to
take
Okay. Really good school.
No.
and still junior college gets more expensive every year. I remember my first My first year of Junior College it was $20 a unit. It was it was ridiculous. Yeah after the we would get I gotta pell grant to And so it was 5500 at the time. So after two semesters of school and books I still had money left over from my pell grants so more than free.
But it's a little more
expensive now I think.
Shit.
To use,
yeah that happens if you go to a U. C. Or cal state you're usually fine. Like I went to University of Redlands and I had to retake, it was so funny. I had to retake world history and on the transcript if you read both of them it's world history and even the description of the course are word for word the same and I was like how did these not count? How are these not
the same.
Yeah but I
guess I got a really generous financial aid package so I didn't want to complain too much to the school. I was like all right whatever
I'll
take that DoMA
clinics
I miss it though so make sure I know a lot of people probably tell you this since you're in university but enjoy it because it is a really fun time of your life.
So
it's
two,
yeah drinking ages are weird and Serbia also 18, but you can buy a beer for your dad at almost any age. Like it's really, they don't really check anything, like it's not at all weird. Text your 10 year old son we'll grab a beer and some cigarettes
for his dad, so you can definitely start drinking at almost any age, it's kind of ridiculous.
I
It
I've heard the same thing about growing up in Las Vegas is when you grow up in Las Vegas, you don't go crazy about gambling and drinking when you turn
21 Because
you're kind
of desensitized to it but that's a huge problem in Serbia though. The freaking that's the one thing I hate about that country is almost everyone smokes and they allow indoor smoking, which I don't understand how that could be allowed anywhere. It's 2020 weird.
Yeah, it's and they even say it on the box,
it's the same. Yeah, they have on the kind of I guess the bottom third of the box, they have a little white ox that says you know, smoking some version of smoking will kill you. Doesn't work.
Yes. Somehow to back big tobacco has still survived all these years and it doesn't seem to be in any immediate danger of going away. It's really weird.
And
crazy world we live in All right, we'll get going. It was really good to meet you.
All right. Have a good have a good rest of your day and good good luck finishing school. I hope you get to go back to actual school soon.
Yeah, Good one.