Hi, how
are you?
I'm
doing well. Ah Is this your first time during the survey
we're
going
to?
I'm too Uh huh.
Like 7:00 AM, so now it's like the opposite.
So how are you?
It's not
Well, yeah, Nevada's already inside you. Well, schedule somebody on the East Coast for like midnight. That seems a bit extreme. So I figured it would be somebody from also, you know, the West Coast.
Mhm. Well, I guess some people do work like, you know, different ships, so maybe corrupt them. My ads work standard 9-5 Monday through. Yeah,
I'm an administrative assistant for a vaping company. So we answer like customer support tickets and just whatever they need me to purchase or you know, random things. I'm very lucky. They let me work from home on Mondays and Fridays. So
that's,
it's Corona. Like I was working from home totally for three months and then we came back and then I was like, can I just work from home some of the time when they're like, okay, yeah,
yeah, definitely. I have a big community helps a lot and what do you do?
what? I think that will teach.
Yeah. At that age they're a little bit, probably like easier. They have like a good person and they're not totally, you know, teenagers yet, but
absolutely. Well I think like the earlier elementary years are definitely my favorite when I was in school, so well, thank you. Yeah, you're, you have kids?
Point. Both boys, girls.
People like trump will have like five and round all the girls are all the boys.
I don't
okay, that's, I'm just by myself in the house, so
I am, yeah.
At
what? Yeah, like being nurses or doctors or whatever, that must be very, extremely stressful. I'm sure a lot of people maybe quit or their retirement just like I'm leaving now so.
Yeah,
you're like all the bars are locked down again and they're still shows there's not gonna be any shows for the rest of the year, I'm sure. Yeah, there's still stuff to do though like if you, you know just there's like virtual reality, there's escape rooms open, you know the water parks reason there is stuff to go do but yeah, I'm voice part that seems like a bad idea and
what, Hopefully it'll be over and done with by the end of the year and we won't go into next year with it. But yeah, 2020 is just kind of
things can't travel
like I really like to travel enough, can't go anywhere this year.
Think.
And
how long is in your, how long have you lived in Arizona?
Quite kinda we moved there from new york.
so we
have simple
Other than, yeah, I'm originally like I was born in Pennsylvania, lived there till I was nine. So very familiar with snow. I all supposed to Colorado for a while. Yeah, I definitely like the weather here a lot more. Yeah, it's hot but you know at least it's not all humid and stuff so Yeah.
exactly. I don't like being told.
Here I can go up to mount charleston in the winter if I wanted to. I've been up there yet. I really
want to actually. It has no, since I went, I was like great, this is exactly what I was trying to get away from most. Not really bad like for like a year ago, I was crazy so much it snowed but in general it does. Yeah.
I want to reform that was promised no snow
now. It's interesting. Yeah. The one thing is like also with the rain here because it doesn't rain that much. But when it does like my car, the tires I'd anonymous have bad tires on my car because I have this really like tight ramp. I have to go around to work and car just hydroplane. It really scared me like after, you know after it's been a while so I have to be really careful going around that curve tired. Thank you.
And
a lot here. But when it rains it rains, you know, gutters or anything for the road which is all just like starts to pile up. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah, it's definitely a fun place to live like five years now and yeah, like how there's always something to do except for this year. Normally there is, it was good and everybody of men is pretty nice. So you know, you do see like, you know the weird goes if you go out walking around on the strip or something, but in generally really friendly and I'm like, you have a very she'll job everybody's super nice and there really good benefits and everything, so.
I'm going all sides. So that's pretty nice. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, and I guess there's, you know, a lot of crime here and then people stick around very long. We'll be here for a couple of years and then we'll go someplace else. I think that's a big inside here. So
think I planted my roots and you know, I bought a house and finally, you know, I've moved around so much since I was younger, I've been lived in a lot of different places it's like moving is a pain, I'm tired of moving so you know should be here for good. What?
I work in Henderson but now I live yes sir. What? Yeah
I wish I lived in Henderson though because it's a lot closer to my job and
yeah I bought the house before I got my job there was like and now my community 45 miles every day round trip it's a lot pretty much a straight shots on the highway and yeah
yeah and the traffic on the way home is not picked up again it used to take me like 15 minutes to get home but now it's like taking like half an hour I guess because everybody's out of work so
yeah. Yeah like the place next door like I think it's a call center and like their parking lot has been empty since I went back, so I guess they still get to work from home. Yeah.
What?
Well these
well yeah, it seems like there's two types of brains, like you're good at math or you're like writing in english kind of stuff and I'm definitely
not
after definitely category just the numbers.
And
there
in.
man,
so is he enjoying working from home then? I wish you could be in the office.
I'm like oh my kids burning mom's a webcam was on and
one. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. We have a sales guy at our work who has a six year old and he was given the option to also work from home. Like they count and I are both getting from home two days a week now and they're like oh you can work from home too. And he's like no I'd rather come to. Uh Yeah. Yeah. So
okay.
yeah, I mean there's something to be said about, like I like the balance of about an hour, I'm like halfway working with them, halfway going to work because it is so good to get out of the house every day someplace else. Because the thing with number three months straight, you do start to get cooped up like okay, there's nowhere to go other than the grocery stores, so. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know. It's just could have like that minimum socialization with other people, like necessarily talk to them. It's like they're in the same room as me. Yeah,
You know like nice to
do like a company lunches, sometimes we'll just all go out to lunch for like two hours and then they will pay for it Holiday top Golf. I don't know if you've been there when you're in Vegas.
Yeah, they'll have to go if they able to a holiday party there. But for us we have like a $600 minimum of food spent. And like our company is not very big when we have like 13 people total to work in the company. So We have much more money on this food and they're like, Oh we'll be able to spend that much money. Like no $600 divided by, you know like 10 people. That's a lot of food like yeah, Things like $800 more in alcohol when we were there too. So I was like okay. Yeah it was fun. Maybe
he's crossing good to go again this year but
Well I think we opened the country up way too soon.
What we have waited maybe a little bit more and not want to be as bad now. We're having like twice as many cases as we ever had during the lockdown. So it's pretty crazy. I
Yeah. I mean I honestly did not think he's going to go on for this long I guess. I was really naive about it. I was like okay, you know, we'll shut down for two weeks and then we'll be over it and like here we are, six months later still going. So yeah,
we'll have that early.
Oh, she's like moving and up and up like housing schools like August 21 may be announced all the way at the beginning of August.
So did they get out the beginning of the same time or
just like extend the school year then?
But
not always.
Okay. Well so far and fly in august has been the most in june. Not as much. Yeah. Yeah. Turn the air conditioning off just so I was like I don't want to have to be interrupted by hearing that so yeah. Stop.
Well you lost my fates.
See you still here.
Um Yeah, I'm across when I'm in the kitchen and the routers and bedrooms so Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know. Hopefully that will still be yeah. That's really weird because I can see myself and I can see you fine.
Well as long as you can tell me. All right
so now I can just see you and you can't see me. That's gonna be interesting.
Oh. Mhm. All right. Well yeah
that's right.
Thank you.
I swear I'm using my own internet and not getting it off the
technology. Funny. The corona is infecting the wifi signal.
Oh yeah it would be way worse. We have to like wait a well to dial up and yeah, I do like get off the phone. I'm going on the internet. It's and that. But yeah, I feel like I was born time where it's like I got the taste of like, you know, I grew up with the internet into the kids today. Just had it right in their hands. So. Incident. Oh
I got cell phones while I was like 17. So
And I only just smartphone last year, which really blows those minds because I really need one. I was just, yeah, like I don't really make calls. So then I finally upgraded. Well,
um, well for, before I had this job for for a long time I was just working at home as a writer like self publishing things and you know, getting by on that for a long time and then yeah something happened with that. So I had to get a real job
like I don't know, it just, it's finally time to get a real phone too. So yeah,
kind of like a short little romance things and
yeah, I also didn't have a car for like the first four years living here because I didn't need one. I just live close enough to the strip where I could just walk everywhere and yeah.
Gas and everything. How that now that I'm working from home two days a week,
I like walk the car every other week. But before I was selling up once a week just having, you know, racking up that that many miles on the car every day. It's gotten better for sure. Yeah.
Oh wow. That's why we're,
Are you allowed to go hit HIV like give an electric car? Nice. Is that like that? Just in Arizona?
Yeah. Then I heard about was definitely.
Please.
So have you known anybody personally who's gotten the virus
and
No, me neither.
I suspect there's a slight possibility that I may have had it like the beginning of February because I just woke up one day and my back earlier and then I had a fever of like 104 for a week just mysteriously and then it just went away and I was joking at the time because we're preparing about when I was like, oh I have corona but I didn't think it was serious because it hadn't really gotten the United States yet that we knew of. So I don't know. I may have had it already but I won't know for sure unless I get like a blood tests and the anti bodies. But have you gotten sick and suspected it might have been that in the past
week.
while.
No
group.
Yeah. That's crazy because it's like with other things you know if you had it once then supposedly you're supposed to have immunity to it this morning. So yeah that's cool.
And
then
we'll I think that will just stop talking about it once the election is over. Right. Is there anything but like that's the clean that they say and crazy stuff. It's just deployed donald trump look bad and I don't really know anything about that. But
But it If you look at like I don't even see those counters with each country than like China has not had any more cases than like 83,000 this whole time. Which is very suspicious to me. I was
worried. And yeah, you're saying you're not getting any more cases when populous country on earth like,
yeah, that's my worse than me.
Yeah. And I've actually been to china what they're like eight years ago there. They don't have personal bubbles or anything. We'll get off like right beside you. Crazy stuff like their kids. I went, I walked by a shop and they had like some pants for kids with like the, but cut out so they can just go right on the street. That's what they do there
like, hmm. I wonder why they had embarrassing, you know? Oh,
first of all, no, hygiene. A little bit
here. Just like with Bill when India now have over like millions of cases too. That's pretty crazy.
Because the second most populous country then were the third most, So yeah.
Trip.
five million out of 340 million. So like not a ton ton, but that's a
lot.
Good. Mm hmm.
I pretty much just go to work and then come home. Um
Yeah. Hopefully it'll get better. I feel like, you know when you've heard about things like Ebola or swine flu, like it'll be all over the news and then suddenly you just don't hear about it anymore. So what's out of it? No, no
years. So
Oh wow, that suits. I heard some people will take like a year so you're unhappy even,
all these problems that like you didn't know existed like toilet paper thing was because like even necessarily that everybody was stocking up because like they toilet paper companies or something had it set up so they could only have like certain systems in place. and that's why the problem was it wasn't just because like somebody went and bought like way too much toilet paper I read they just couldn't manage it. Yes sir.
Mhm. Now the thing is with USPS like a lot of my customers are getting mad because like the third package will just get delayed so much it'll take like two weeks ago from Nevada florida and before it used to take three days so they're getting and I try to explain them like once it leaves our warehouse it's kind of out of our hands. We only have as much information as you do and us boy delayed right now it's transportation issues but it seems like it's only got worse and worse. Sciences.
Green. Yeah. Well even with a single like bull market packages delivered but it won't actually show up to like a day or two later. And I looked up why that is because they're kind of like have a deal with amazon or they don't want to lose their deal. So they will say it got delivered when it didn't. I was one is gonna like kick to the curb basically.
Well I think we hit our time limit
and the spirit
very nice talking with you and I hope you have a thing and get good. Yeah.
Alright. You too. Take care. Bye.