Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. All right. I'm just waiting for me. Cute. Pretty Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Well, Hello? Thanks. Last time it worked out it was I was a teacher. It's just true. Right. Actually this sort of thing. I think this is an alum okay, landed on somebody's like, it's at their apartment. I just want to start putting it, you know? No, What the hell are you doing? I didn't think like, what did I think was rubbing up against it, you know?
Hello?
Good. How
are you?
No, it was my
second
time
actually.
yeah,
yeah. I always do it late at night because I have two little kids so I get them in bed and then do it. Yeah. Yeah.
Pretty good tired that they just ended. Where, what time is it for you?
It's nine. Okay. Yeah, I'm in Arizona, so that's nine
Yeah. Well, my first one was somebody from Maryland At like I did it I think at nine and or even 10. Yeah, he was on super late. It must have been nine because yeah, I don't know his was super late though. He was like, yeah, I stay up late all the time. Okay.
What do you do?
that's
good.
looks it so much easier, I'm sure.
Um I'm a stay at home mom right now, but I'm a teacher. So yeah.
Um I taught 1st grade, 4th grade Other things, but those for the longest. So 4th grade is my favorite. Yeah.
Right. Exactly. They still like you and like want to give you hugs but they can actually do things you know? So.
Yeah. I have two kids. I have a four year old and a nine month old. So yes
my four year old is a girl and my nine month old is a boy. So that's it. Everyone, right? You got one of these you can stop and I'm like I was stopping either way but yeah.
Right. I know. Do you have any kids?
That's fine too.
Well are you in Las Vegas?
My mom lives in Las
Vegas. She's staying with us right now. She's actually had come to visit us in March during you know when the whole thing started then everything kind of locked down and she works in a hospital and she was like, you know what, I don't think I'm gonna go back. So she just stayed with.
Yeah. Yeah. She was a nurse that like a psychiatric hospital and kind of like on khan as a contractor or consultant. That's it. So like her time was kind of up so she could go back or not and she was like no I'm not going to not going to go back. So it's been nice to have her helping because then you know in March the baby was a lot younger still. So I got a lot of livin help with the baby, which is nice. Yeah.
But.
closed Rose in Arizona. The water parks have to close. What? Yeah. My mom's fiance is still in their house in Vegas and he's a musician so he's like all the shows is just home so
But
well
yeah I know. Yeah, we usually my husband, I are both from new york state so we usually go back over the summer to see family and it's like
no I'm going to meet the baby until he's over one because we couldn't go back
so.
Um we've been here for 12 years now.
I hate the snow in the winter so and that well and I went to a teaching fair, like a job fair and um someone from phoenix area was there doing interviews and they offered me a contract like right on the spot and I was like sure I'll go to Arizona, why not? You know, not really thinking long term about it, but
now
we're here.
I'll put the heat over the snow and cold.
I hate it too. And the cool thing about in like phoenix if we want snow, we can just drive like two hours north to Flagstaff and have snow. I come home and sleep in 70° weather again.
Well.
Well we went to visit my mom I think last year last like january and the day we left it was snowing out and I was like what why is it snowing in Las Vegas?
I know. Uh huh.
just like drops right
like we have like the monsoon and so it's just like rain.
Yeah.
Yeah. I love las Vegas we used to before we had kids we would go like four or five times a year and gamble and stay in the hotels and have a fun time. But
Uh huh that's good. Yeah that's cool. Yeah my mom is not a big fan. I don't think she really likes living there but she came from northern California like super hippy wine country, northern California. So it's just I mean it's not northern California, there's there's not forests, there's no ocean like that's just how it is.
she has been doing a lot of hiking so I don't know I guess you either like the desert or you don't, I like the desert.
Yeah that's true yeah mm.
that's good. Are you in Henderson?
Nice
And
that's a pretty good highway system so.
Right. Or hopefully still working from home.
that's good. Yeah my husband still works from home. He's been working from home since March so
he's an actuarial analyst so he does like math
basically.
Go
on.
Yeah it's a hard it's like so his clients are like states like Maryland for example
and his company helped them set up and figure out how much it's going to cost for Medicare for all the people in Maryland
Medicaid and all that stuff. So he does a lot of health insurance kind of stuff.
Which is interesting now because he's like trying to run all these models about covid and trying to see how that's going to affect what the costs are in hospitalizations and everything.
No.
Um I think he's enjoying it, it's a little bit of chaos with a four year old and you know a baby and he's trying to be on like meetings with these like state representatives from places and you know. But
our
and and his office is really the baby's room. So like I come in to change the baby's diaper and he like has to quickly turn off his webcam but whatever it is what it is, you know?
Yeah.
I have a friend who also has two little kids and her husband worked from home for like a month and he was like no I'm going back to the office, he's the only one in the office, he just sits there alone. But he's like I need to go into the office.
Yeah, definitely. He's an intern, my husband's introvert. He he would stay in the house 100% and be happy. I'm like going crazy. Like if we run out of milk, I'm like I'll go, I'll go to the Star please.
to like be out in the world. That's nice.
mm
Yeah, I haven't, they just built one out here and my husband's company did an event there so he's been, but I haven't.
I cannot.
I don't know. I feel like everything is just just shut everything down. Just forget about this year.
I agree. Yeah.
Yeah. Well I think having family in new york and I don't know if you have any still in pennsylvania, but it's like they got hit way sooner than we did, so like they shut down at an appropriate time, but we shut down way too early. I think if we should have like shifted everything a month Because you know, we shut down and there were like 50 cases in our zip code, then we opened, you know, and that was stupid,
I know. And now everyone's starting school, like all my teacher friends and everything school started today, so.
Yes. Well, starts really early out here.
yep, teachers won't go back like the last week in july and then kids start in august,
we get out like at the end of me. Yeah, before before memorial Day you're out.
Yeah, it's just kind of like shifted, still get two months off basically. But supposedly because air conditioning costs are really high for june so they want everyone out of school so hot in june,
it's cool.
I don't know, that's the logic, I've always been told.
I lost your face.
Yeah, it just shows like a silhouette. I don't know if you're having connective connectivity issues.
I can hear you. Okay. Yeah, I don't know if they care if you are you like near your router?
I don't know.
Yeah, I can hear you. Uh huh
yeah,
you can do whatever you want.
How
is in school,
yep, it's like fuzzy, but I can see it. Oh,
Uh huh, who knows what it is. Some kind of connection issue?
Right, that's all we need. Thank God this happened during, well we have technology right? Can you imagine if this was like 20 years ago and this is how it happened?
Yeah. We got it like when I was in middle school I think, or maybe even high school. The internet like AOL. So yeah, it was like right around my formative years, so I still remember before the internet. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah, I don't I didn't get one, I didn't get until I went to college,
your life changed?
what?
what did you write? What kind of things?
Well that's cool.
Yeah, that's pretty cool. And I guess with like Uber and stuff, Why you don't really need to pay a car payment and insurance, like by the time you spend $500 a month on all that stuff, what is well, consumer?
I'm
husband commutes commuted whatever about 50 miles each way.
So we live way on the west side of phoenix and he went all the way to Scottsdale, so we actually ended up buying an electric car just so that for two reasons, one for the gas and two so that he could go in the H. O. V. Lane and cut down on the commute time because it was taking him like an hour and a half, so,
maybe just in Arizona, I don't know,
Yeah, It's pretty cool. Yeah, you can get like a special plate, they don't allow that, you still allow hybrids, but they don't anymore, it has to be 100% electric,
so that's pretty awesome.
Um No, not personally.
Have you?
Yeah, that's the closest it's gotten is a friend's grandma, so, but she was, you know, obviously older and then my daughters, teachers, boyfriends, dad got it. So to kind of sort of in my circle but not really, you know,
My husband
did, he got super thick and my mom and she had been here visiting us and then she went back to Vegas right around the same time and
um he got pneumonia, like they listened to his lungs and they're like, wow, your lungs sound really bad. It's either pneumonia or bronchitis, bronchiolitis. We're not we can't quite tell. It doesn't really sound like either one. He had a fever. He like couldn't he couldn't do anything, couldn't pick up the kids, he would just be so tired, he would just be laying down um by the baby got sick, but I didn't get sick and my daughter didn't get sick before year old. So
I don't know, I swear he had it, but he won't take the antibody tests because I guess they're super inaccurate.
And even this late, like your antibodies would probably have none left because apparently they only last a few months.
Like if you get a common cold, you don't, you're not immune to that forever. And this is in the family of the common cold. So maybe it's more like that unfortunately, which would mean you'd have to get vaccines over and over and over again. I think like
the
flu.
Yeah. I mean my opinion on that is like is the whole world trying to make donald trump look bad because coronavirus is in the entire world, it's not just here, right. Some kind of worldwide conspiracy. Just
that's
Yeah, they are. They're just not telling anybody about it.
Yeah, but whatever, we can't police them because they're going to do whatever they're gonna do apparently.
wow. Holy cow.
why are all these new viruses coming from them? That's why
That's crazy,
Yeah. Yeah India is just going to be, I read something about how it's just going to like tear through the slums because they have they can't stop it. Uh huh.
So it
makes sense. I mean it's not like donald trump's fault that we have a lot of cases. I feel like I mean we're just it's a pandemic. Like that's what happens in a pandemic. I don't know.
what?
It is
Yeah, probably could have been managed better, but no. Yeah, I don't know. We've been like literally not leaving the house, so
Yeah. Well, well that's light.
I don't know. I think it'll be a few years before that happens.
Yeah, we'll get a vaccine soon. I think my uncle is a works for GlaxoSmithKline and does vaccines. So he was saying, you know, we'll have a vaccine by like november.
No, they're already in Phase three trials, which is human trials. So as soon as those they do, those were good to go. But they have to now the problem is apparently there's not enough like vials and needles and like things that we actually need to give people the vaccine. So the vaccine may be ready but no one may be able to physically get it
And like the same with like the farmers dumping the milk. It was because like they had like lines made for like little boxes for schools and colleges and stuff and they couldn't just transfer those two gallons so they just had to dump it off like can't like figure something out quickly. I don't know. Like let the babys drink the milk, click how babies back in and drink the milk.
Yeah. And they're trying to like cut all the funding to it and everything. No, that sucks. Tell them to write to their representative and say we need the post office.
Yeah. Because Amazon is probably like at least 50% of their business. That's crazy.
The recall
anger.
Have a good night.