Does it work
right now? I can't hear you?
Um Now one weapons. Yeah.
Hello? Can you hear me? Yes.
I'm so sorry. I was like shit,
this is gonna ruin everything. But um I hope you have time to make up for lost time.
I'm sorry. Yeah, I have. I don't know why I didn't work because yesterday I did something very similar in it. I don't know I got paid so. Okay. Anyway, this is
the
Brexit
something like
I was
just
oh yeah. Um Yesterday I had one where I was doing like a mock interview. So um
And it took like 20 minutes and it's like you had to just like answer interview questions but look in the camera and I don't know. So. Okay.
No,
I'm
gonna
What is your name,
Laura? I'm Hillary. Cool. Nice to meet you.
Only a week. Like do you mean like the prolific stuff or serve it? Yeah, just like a week. I was trying really hard to get to some like remote jobs. I was trying that I was trying, what is it? Like a lion bridge and um, happen and I don't know, I was just like, I need to do something with like the two hours extra I have today to make money.
Exactly. Um,
but otherwise I'm still working full time. I'm a marketing manager at a nonprofit.
So
yeah, it does. Unfortunately. I'd like to not be online all the time, but the necessity.
It's like,
So
I'm sitting differently I guess I'm not working now. Like
what?
Yeah, depending. And then the zoom meetings. I mean obviously this is like one thing, but I ate like having to get on a video call when it's like conference calls used to be chill. Like I don't know if you have to deal with conference calls, but now everyone wants to do a video chat when the conference calls used to just be a thing where like you didn't have to see people and
oh my coworkers get weird about sean. Are you there? Are you there? Like, Yes. I just like, could I get up and use the bathroom for a second? Weird.
Yeah, we got like five people in our, so, um, I have to do a bigger one today with like a group of people. Um, but again, it's different cause I'm like hosting. It's one thing if you're hosting, it's another thing if it's like, I don't really have to be in this conversation, like, but
you can watch
me sit
here.
The guys, I kind of
feel bad
for like the older people who like, I don't know if you've come across this, but I mean I'm just saying older people, less tech savvy people who like They get into the call and they leave and there's like 10 minutes where they're just like trying to get in, so um
Well I've been lucky, like I've never, I've always kind of put myself in a situation on my commute can, like I became bike or something or walk to work. Um
So I've lived in pretty rural areas, so that's like especially lucky, but yeah, I appreciate not having to leave, but that used to also be how I got like my exercise, so Uh huh
Call, are you um staying inside like pretty strictly or is that just like a lifestyle thing?
Yeah, I've been bad, I've been like walking to, there's a cafe that's open near me, so I've been walking there every day just to like
go
on
and
get coffee. I'm not, I'm pretty sure I got like, the covid um
I'm pretty sure I got it in like february. Um Like my symptoms were like, spot on. I got my entire office sick. They all had like, the symptoms
and I'm really, yeah, I've been thinking about getting with the antibody test or whatever, just to see.
I still wear
the
mask and everything, but um Okay.
Yeah. I don't know if you can give it to other people though. Like, I want to want to give it to sound like if you can carry it without being sick after you've already been sick, like nobody knows.
pretty much. Um But like, but far enough removed where by the time people realized it was bad, it was like, still manageable, You know, It's just like, okay, like we're going to take precautionary measures up. There's like one person who has it now, like it's here. Um
Just pretty crazy. Um And I think probably anywhere that has an airport that's more likely two, I looked pretty close to a regional airport,
so.
Have you been doing the prolific or whatever stuff for a long time or
so?
I mean you get nor do you normally get like a whole break coming up soon like in the summer?
yeah, so a little
earlier.
that's too bad. I
have
of interns where I work and one of them just was like, I'm done like their high school interns and yeah, I haven't worked with high school interns like this type of, so I met like a new job even so I got the job within two weeks, I had to start working remotely, which kind of sucks, but we've been working with the interns remotely and one of them has been pretty consistent and the other one was kind of just like I'm going to go hiking today. It's like you want to tell me what you're doing, can you just do the
thing that
I asked you to do or I don't know? And then she emailed me and she was like, nobody else has to work right now, so I'm not gonna do it, that's like,
but we have another intern that's working. So I just,
well
I know high school start from me so I don't blame them. I totally would have done that. It's like I already know like I'm ready for college or to not go to college like get me out of here.
um I think that's fair I guess, I don't know.
You
mentioned a lot of socializing and like perseverance that's needed. Then you don't get to be like in a place physically. I think like I've
been slacking
that work not because I want to, but just as like as so distracted, I couldn't imagine being like a high schooler trying to like sit down and do all this work.
Yeah, I don't know. We're so, I have to like plan things like events and my whole job so far, it was supposed to be planning these events, but now I'm like doing damage control with cancellations and like maybe we can do it like at the end of the year and then like numbers
like that, it's like keep pushing for this end of the year day or like I just say like, yeah, it's cancelled, like the school's canceled,
sorry?
Regional events. Yeah.
Oh well in the nonprofit world were like having a hard time like getting funding from like government agencies now because they're kind of going through some austerity and so that's kind of like the most stressful part of all of this too is like you can play in an event, but then if you lose half your funding for it because the government, like I'm not going to pay you any more than that sucks.
luckily
that's out of my hands but just barely out of my hands, like I definitely have to be paying attention to it. Okay.
I would like to cancel it. In my in my
opinion, I would just cancel everything. We can do virtual events. Um
There's something really cool local um like gallery did where they had like a they had like an artist show off their work virtually. Okay so set up in a gallery and artist was there talking about his work and someone was like and it was well produced. Um It was a live event and then they coordinated with a local restaurant to do like a date night takeout thing like for this event. And then they also had like I don't know if you've ever seen those like drink and draw things or like playing insect where people like get wine, they like do a painting. So they also like to coordinate all of this to like if you like as a bundled thing and it looks really cool. Like I I would have done it if maybe, I don't know, I mean I didn't but it seems like a good idea.
but I'm not doing any of them so I have to take a second
to think about it. Um What our hobbies again? Okay so um I like basically a lot but like very recreational e and I like writing my skateboard and what else? I like keeping my car clean. Um I
like
I like free writing. Um
And I went to school to be an illustrator but um I like got so burned out in college that I gave up for a little bit, I'm still giving up but not for very long hopefully but like doodling drawing. Um What else do I do? Um Oh I've been learning guitar, learning guitar this bill.
Who's an illustrator?
Yeah. I don't know. I like was taking 15-19 credits a semester and I had some like personal issues that were distracting me and I don't know like I mean a lot of it was life but I went to like a university instead of an art school and I feel like that also contributed. Like, I don't know, I feel like sometimes people succeed no matter what kind of people are like, yeah, I'm just gonna do my best and like I really admire that and people, I just, I'm not that person I need like structured like help that the right kind of help or else I just like get unmotivated but
That's
Yeah, that's
the that's the dream for the illustrators to like actually have a schedule and be busy and um but no, I guess my job is more like managing those people now. Just kind of ironic I thought, yeah, I worked with arts and stuff, so yeah,
I'm
like still around, I just um for myself, I need something different that actually makes money right away. Mhm.
like
qualified to make judgment calls on people's art, kind of all I wanted.
Like I felt like I was really good at critiquing in a way that was actually helpful and like specific.
Um Only in my experience when I had other classmates just be like, I like it or like, I don't like that thing that you deal
with
this
and it's like, okay, but can you could seek it, understanding the person's style and where they're coming from. And
I don't know, my class was totally the loser class. Like, like the sort of class before. Like everyone kind of got into like, I don't know, they just seem to be successful. They are all from new york city. So that helps because you could go back to new york city, there's so many jobs like that, but my class was like the class of like, everyone was like in a frat or sorority for some reason and everyone was like falling asleep. I don't know. It's just kind of funny like
not like
the class before us one, like a bunch of like illustration awards and then like our class was just like I don't know, there's
some
like
school art school administrative change that I think did that to them. Um um
And I
was also an
older student so I just like couldn't relate to anyone and my teachers like refused to acknowledge I have had jobs before, you know like when you get in the real world and I'm like I know the real world stuff. I don't know. I don't know. That's getting grumpy.
Yeah and then no one
that
you're talking to who is usually good advice knows how like the art world hires, it's like no you don't make a resume for this, like you have to just be good if you're not good enough. Like does it matter how good you are talking an interview is the interview is your work? I don't know.
Um Yeah I do mostly I'm drawing and painting. So are you
crafty
called or like what are your hobbies if I should ask?
okay.
is it very cute? Do you like your?
That's
so
though. I was kind of hoping you would say no for like when I asked that I was like oh my gosh I don't know anything about talks. Uh huh.
Oh
that's that's cool. They're like majestic. Maybe you're like
that was it
but oh you're just a little silhouetted person now. Yeah.
Um Hold on a second I might need to get a charger. Mhm. Okay. Okay. To come. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I don't know if this is I don't know if it's my connection or your connection or if it's the computer being like you're done talking now.
I think we started technically at 90 Close to 9:05. I know I was having some issues with my microphone.
Yeah. Yeah. Right. Um Can
you
see me still?
Yeah I mean I guess you could refresh it. Right.
Oh okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Oh right mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah mm I'm going to assume this person is not coming back. Um I'm I'll give him five. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
hi.
I didn't hear you until now. I'm sorry that's so awkward. I was like filling out like that I guess she's not coming back.
Very
humble.
Oh sorry. Okay. Yeah, I feel like it's better if we finish
the two minutes or whatever. Right?
Well I'm not getting stepped out of my money
because
there's the two minutes and we've worked so hard for this. I did start filling out the survey.
Does. I hope that doesn't prove anything.
I left this open just in case that you came back though. I did believe you were trying.
That's funny. Okay. Yeah, I just I checked just to make sure I thought I would have like beeps or something if you go back made this opens.
So elegant. Yeah.
First my friend has
it and um very lanky dog and it's so funny when he's excited. His like whole body just like
shakes.
Mhm. My boyfriend and I, we had this like little like ragamuffin dog that was like half terrier and I was like a mix of like terriers and it just looked like a freaking like gray scraggly mop dog and like it was a mutt and we like rescued her and she was just pure muscle, she's like this big um and one time my boyfriend was walking, we didn't live in great neighborhoods and one time he was walking these kids were like following him kind of like you know talking crap and stuff and the like little scrounging dog. One of the guys have made fun of the dog and like the dog bit him
um like a tackle. Yeah. Yeah, she's like a fighter. You feel like,
I don't know, it's just really cute. Um but now his parents have her because we couldn't like she has some digestive issues
so we couldn't keep her in the house really. We worked full time like dogs need freedom.
Mm Cool. Yeah. We never really had a backyard where like we could just let the dog
out. Um, She plus she would just run away. She didn't care. He called her name. It should be like looking back, wagging
her
tail
and like keep running.
Yeah. Well she was a moment. So I guess it just happened with their, they're just like yeah I can handle it. I'll be back in a few days.
I don't know.
she was a good dog.
She's very loving.
Yes. If she gives
good snuggles what she did.
I think
that
what was that?
I think so too. Um
Well it was nice meeting you. Um and good luck with your everything
during this time. Um, but yeah, I know uh It's stressful I either like very stressed or not stressed at all about it but,
All
good luck out there. Yeah.
Was that