Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Do you think? Mhm. Mhm. Yeah,
how's it going?
Good. Can you hear me? Okay,
okay, let me switch over to better awesome,
how's it going?
Good. Um Have you done this sort of survey before? Yeah,
I tried
to
do it last week and the person was a no show, so I was speculating and like are they just going to test us to see how many times will try to do it with no one shows out for something? Yeah,
it's
interesting.
shucks. Well
um where are you from
texas? Cool. I am from Portland Oregon.
Nice. Have you gotten to visit Oregon before then?
Portland area or other parts of Oregon?
Yeah. Yes. Yeah definitely. Um Yeah I'm originally from florida and uh Portland is a big change with actual seasons, which is nice, like I'm not sure what part of texas here in but from what I've heard it's kind of like very hot year round with just occasional random snow. Is that texas or am I just totally wrong?
I
haven't,
I think it's like 40 or 50 today and really rainy.
yep, yep, that's Portland. Um uh One of my dogs is from texas. Yeah, yeah, I have two dogs and one of them is a Whippet rescue um and they have a shelter down there where they foster them in Amory. Oh like kind of in the north part of texas I think. Um So I flew down from Portland to texas a number of years ago and then drove back with this like brand new dog on a 30 hour road trip. It was crazy.
oh my gosh, she's so cute. I
no I said that she was so cute and then my dog came up and was like are you talking about me? Oh thank
you.
that's okay. Come here lou well maybe not, I have a cat on my lap and then two dogs next to me but little bit chaotic to try to bring them all into view.
lulu. Come here, come here, come show off here. No. Okay. Anyways.
Why?
Yeah, it was a big one. Um but totally worth it when my dogs are great. Uh We have just a ton of animals at our house. We have two dogs, cat, bearded dragon, hamster rats, a human child, another one on the way. So just full house here.
baby. Say you
have two dogs. Nice.
bird is like the only thing that we don't have, I always thought like a bird was just too crazy even for me to have as a pet.
Was he
Right.
My uncle used to have an iguana since we lived in florida. It was not completely crazy um since it was so warm, but this iguana would just like always walk around the house, he didn't have a cage or anything and then my uncle got married and the iguana hated his wife
and he would always just be really mean to her. Yeah.
Uh The wife was awful though, so maybe the iguana knew more than my uncle did.
Mhm.
yep. Funny. Um Do you work
What are you going to school for?
Nice. What's
your dream job?
Oh
Um I I lost my job one month before the pandemic. My position was just dissolved because I was an office manager and the company just made everyone work remote. So you don't need an office manager if you don't have offices. So now I'm just kind of hanging at home still Oregon locked down pretty hard and we're locking down again. So um job searching has been it's awful. Um but uh starting to go back to school in january to pursue nursing, so um yeah, kind of on that
track like you.
How far into your schooling are you so far?
Who
so you're getting really close? Yeah. Yeah, and towards the end there?
Mhm. Have you picked out like med schools that you want to go to? Are you at the point of having to apply yet?
Like the medical version of the S. A. T. S. Kind of sort
of,
Have
it,
Well
you'll do good, yeah.
Yeah, it has to be a big weight off your shoulders once it's all done and you're just like, okay, now I just have to get through medical school. No big deal. Oh, I know. Yeah.
Yeah. Originally did my uh my degree in, let's see. I started off in pharmacy and then I went accounting and then change to business admin and english comp, Which was what I eventually got. So it was just all over the place and now I'm back to nursing. So
freaking 30 years old and still in school, but you know, just have a bunch of criminals. Why not? Oh,
Yeah, that's true.
Shit. They just wanted to join the chat.
Yeah. I think my dogs, like any time I try to do a job interview in the office or like a chat like this, they're like silent all day before the interview or the talk and then as soon as that happens, like without fail, they're always in here being jerks or in the other room just being so loud so it doesn't even matter. They're just so loud
now.
Are
both of your dogs similar or do you have I saw the one little one? What is the other one like?
I have never heard of that hey.
what?
That's
kind
of cute.
Uh huh. Very cool. Um Are you originally from texas? You always been there?
Isn't it?
Yeah. What didn't you like about Georgia? Uh huh.
So.
Well
Uh huh Well that's good that you like kind of recognized it made a change and didn't stick to something that you're unhappy with just because you were there. Think a lot of do that honest. Yeah.
Um Any fun hobbies? I know school is like a full time job, but what do you, what else do you like to do? Yeah.
No.
jealous.
Hey
Claire,
stop.
Yeah, I feel like in Florida uh almost, I don't know 70% of people had a pool in their backyard and here it's like you have to probably buy $1 million dollar mansion if you're going to have a pool or live in an apartment complex that they have them here too. But it's such a change. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. And then like here we have all the like rivers and lakes where during the nice part of summer people will go to those. Um So it's kind of like, yeah why bother with those like three months a year to have a pool, all the upkeep and stuff?
um What games do you play?
that's the soccer one, yeah. Okay.
Mhm.
God, that's so much.
it makes a difference. Yeah,
I play World of Warcraft and I thought I was like Putting a bunch of time and I think I have like 350 hours or something, but that's I mean over 10 or more years, so that's really not that much, but that's that's a fun game.
Yeah, that's spot.
I can't believe it's still around, there's so many people playing like I took time off for like, I don't know, six years or something and then I started back up this year, there are still people that I've been playing within like 2000 and eight and they were still on, I was like oh my god I was cool though.
I am um I was super excited that it was coming out last month and they did you hear like they announced it and they were like no just kidding and then they said we're not releasing it in october
we
messed it up so bad. Um But it comes out and like um a week or two so that looks pretty cool, like they already made a bunch of changes with like a pre patch, just kind of like soft release type thing. Um So like all of the levels were scaled in this different way and all your talents were changed and it should be pretty fun. Um The guild that I play with is pretty awesome there named mediocre at best, so it's just like a bunch of self deprecating people that are like I'm so bad but really they're actually kind of good and they're just really nice so
that's fun.
Yeah. There's some people that are super competitive where they'll like take time off of work to start a new expansion and they're like I have to get through the content as quickly as possible and I'm just like oh my God why do you care this much? Just enjoy the game? Um So then I think that the creators of wow started
doing like time gating or something like that, where it's like You can do all of this task like 10 times a day, but any time like your 11th time is not going to give you credit for it, so it's like you have to, you can't just like take a week off of work and stay up 22 hours a day playing like it's not going to get you anywhere. So it evens the playing field a little bit for people who aren't as intense, which I think is cool.
Sam.
What?
yep. Yeah it should be pretty fun. Um But we'll see. Trying still, trying to start working again. I mean I haven't been unemployed for nine months ever in my life so it's weird but until then playing, wow. So have something to do people to talk to.
jeez.
That reminds me of my ex. Yeah. But that sucks.
No. Um Do they have plans to like stop living together? What does your friend do? And
It's very nice of her to do. Time shoot. Well, I hope that she get it figured out. I can't imagine that. That's a fun situation
the same Maya.
Yeah, I think I would do.
No. My my partner moved in with me earlier this year in february. Um We were planning to combine household a little bit later in the year, but then one day we found out that his roommate at the time was a heroin junkie because another junkie came in and trashed the apartment. So he was like, I'm out, can I move in with you now? Yeah, please. Um
It was an interesting february this year to discover that.
Yeah. So it's not legalizing but it's decriminalizing. So if you had like a bunch of coke on you or something and you got caught, then you wouldn't like go to jail and have a like a federal offense or something unless you have like such a large quantity that its intent to distribute. Um but at that point you have to do like a evaluation or pay a fine or something. So it's not legal, but it's like legal ish. Um And then we also um uh what did we authorize uh therapeutic evaluations and use of psychedelic mushrooms? So that's pretty interesting. I think we're the first state to do that.
mean,
but I think it's pretty interesting. Um there's like a ton of studies and my partner was like one of the people that signed the petition to get it on the ballot and so he talked to the people that were like really just like felt it was important and all of the data and uses and stuff. And so apparently like in very low doses it has a bunch of treatments for depression and they can last for a while like six months, which is a huge difference from like pharmaceutical treatments and their efficacy. So it should be interesting. I think it's very cool, has another option and
interesting
maybe.
Yeah, I mean with alcohol
being legal and the potential for abuse and like drunk driving and stuff, it's like yeah there's a whole slew of other different issues depending on the drug or substance, but like if if if you have alcohol then why not the others is my opinion. So.
Yes. Well I mean there's a lot of interesting arguments going on throughout the country and within various states um at this point which is surprising to me, I don't know I live in Portland
so you can guess I'm probably pretty liberal but um I don't know, it's been an interesting year for politics and and legislation second.
Isn't.
don't know. I think that the political everything going on right now and the fact that like there's been no concession has been an interesting development in all of this. And uh yeah it's uh I don't know. It's crazy. There was a lot of good things that happened on our ballot in Oregon, but federally speaking, it was a kind of a crazy election year as it has been a crazy four years in my opinion. Shit
now.
Yeah. I think there will be as soon as we get out of this pandemic and how are things there for you guys? Pandemic ways?
are you in a heavily populated area or more suburbs?
Fuck.
not like city central downtown kind of area or anything? Yeah.
Yeah. Well, I hope that you stay safe through all the pandemic stuff. It sounds like you're, you know, staying home and not, you know, purposely thwarting basic recommendations. One of our neighboring counties yesterday, the commissioner tweeted out that she would be welcoming all of her family and friends as many as she could find over for thanksgiving dinner. And she, I think that we made national news because our neighboring county is headed by just such stupid people who don't listen to recommendations. So yea Oregon, that's what we're known for at the moment. Yes.
I.
What?
Of course.
No, I gotta go to church. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. That's like one of the saddest
parts where
lot of these groups that are most heavily at risk are the ones that are affected in dynamic like that, like churches or are similar situations And I don't know, it just seems like do you want to die like why are you acting this way? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Like people dying alone. And I mean like I'm trying to go into see any work at the moment just to get a foot in the door with medical, like the amount of covid restrictions that they have. But then also like the certain things where they're like we're trying to stay as safe as possible so that people that are dying can have their family with them for their last final days. And we don't like make this big risk factor by making these small exceptions. I'm like this is gonna be depressing line of work, isn't it? But I mean it's important important to do so. Yeah.
Yeah.
What was Germany hit pretty hard or not?
Stop.
Yeah. Yeah I mean as sad as I am about the U. S. And how we're doing I'm glad that other countries are doing better like yeah for them so. Oh
yeah.
yep. At least other countries are smart enough to keep us americans out at the moment so that's good. Yeah. Yeah.
Well I think we hit our 25 minutes. Um It was super cool chatting with you.
Yeah. Uh I hope you stay safe, happy holidays and all that jazz and go give those dogs some really good pets for me.
Thank
you
a good one.