Hello.
It's good how are you doing?
Yeah just a little bit quiet.
well better.
Pretty good. How are you doing?
is my 3rd time that it's actually the person showed up one
time
something.
No
don't
worry. Yeah he just got unlucky. I am.
It's okay
I'm from texas.
Okay. That's actually cool. I have a family living there.
I have yes. Yeah
I've been to Portland. Yeah it's it's fun. It's unique.
Um We very rarely. It's no but yeah I mean it's still hot out right now so
that
kind of gives you any idea. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah I remember when I was there it was always rainy so it's very wet and cold.
Yeah it sounds intense. No I don't think I could do that. My parents did that. We uh we have two dogs right now. Everyone right next to me I'll shoot it. She's kind of asleep but she can move a little bit. This is her.
Didn't seem too happy about being there.
I can
kind of see my cameras blocking for shine.
You're totally fine. I can kind of see her head like peeping over a little bit
Nervous. But yeah, my uh parents also did that quite a long drive, but it wasn't
anywhere near as long as 30 years. That's crazy.
Yeah, that's awesome that we
We
two dogs and a bird. Mhm.
Yeah, you have a cool list. So we used to have beauty dragons and not telling you to write an iguana, so yeah,
I uh
kind of Uh huh. He um he was like nice to me, a little bit shy around other people. Yeah.
no.
that is true.
that's true. Yeah.
You know people, they say if a dog isn't like a person then you shouldn't like him. It applies vehicle on it too.
Um I'm in school right now actually
um I'm a biology major but I want to go into medical
sarah.
Uh Kind of highest reach. Very much of a reach would be a neurosurgery. Yeah
so quite a lot but it's it's there. What about you?
that's not.
That's awesome. I have a ton of friends and nursing definitely. Great.
I am I'm like a I'm so sorry senior I
took one semester off so I'm like between junior senior right now.
yeah we all have med school after that.
Um Not yet. So I don't know if you know too much about it but you have to take the M. Cat. It's not like the museum to get in you know?
I kind of like that.
It's uh it's required so kind of like the difference yeah so
you have
to take it and that's in a way more important than your G. P. A. So it's like a big deal. So I will be doing that soon and
um nervous for that. But uh
that's a big part of it after that after I get in uh all that's over with I'll feel very refreshed.
mean I don't know I kind of think like that's the thing I'm most nervous about just getting in because when I feel like I'm in I can kind of pace it you know figure it out there but getting in that part it's the hard part.
I
mean better that than putting yourself in a job that you're not enjoying. Right.
All right. Yeah one of my aunts actually went back for her degree and her four years senior Masters. So, yeah, I mean, always worth going back if you still have that driver. All right. You guys? Yeah.
Yeah, I I try to avoid putting them out here for that exact reason.
hmm. Yeah, I can imagine
they are their lives. Very true.
So
Uh, he's bigger. He's a wire haired pointing griffon.
I would try to show you, but he's a bit of a weirder. But he also doesn't look like what a griffon normally looks like. So if you like look them up, he's he's weird. Is a coat. It didn't ever really grow pretty much. So it's like if a penguin so had its baby kind of hair. Yes. It
kind of looks like that.
It's
weird.
Yeah, He's cute though.
Yes. Always been in texas besides one semester of college. I went to Georgia for school and did not like it came
back home. It's like it's not for me
it's just so the school I went to
was kind of in a more rural area in his old fashioned and I'm not really you set so it was just a complete flip of what I'm like used to and everyone at the school when I was like,
oh yeah, from texas, they're like, why did you come here? He was like, you know what showing any questions? Said that as well.
It was the best choice for sure.
lately it's just in school, but if I do have time I like to play some games,
we're just kinda, I mean I like to go outside. Obviously beautiful outside here, we have a pool. So like to swim.
That's it. Yeah. Talking to people, I have another friend in Oregon and she's always like when I told her at the pool, she's like so shocked at
the idea of some having a pool
and
no. Yeah, and I mean, bit of a different, you know?
exactly. It's like you don't really have as much time to use the port anyway, so.
true, true.
Yeah. Uh whatever played um I like to play a lot of survival so well survival games because they're fun. Um I put probably too much time into Iraq Italy. The memory. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. So I got that back in 2015 and I've put maybe 2000 hours into it. Yeah. So.
Mhm Really, really fun. I mean, I'm nowhere near being anywhere near the best all To people who are like at the top of over like 8000 hours now, so.
Yeah. I don't know, I mean, they do for a living to right so
so quickly.
Yeah, I never really got into or I never even had the chance to play it, so I mean years ago actually funny enough my cousin who is in Portland was the one you like played well all the time and so I played it because of him when he visited but I was too young to kind of get paid. It's a question back there there, so it was never really never really got involved with it, but I always thought it was like a really cool game.
no.
Yeah. Yeah. Are you excited for the new expansion?
Oh no, I didn't hear
that.
Uh huh.
At the sound a lot of fun. Yeah I have a friend who She was dating this guy and uh he was in his 30s and he plays with like uh all these other guys who are they're decent up, you know? And he's been playing it like huge part of his life and they're all really try hard though. I just I don't know, I feel like if I played it I couldn't get that competitive spirit.
But
yeah, that is a cool part.
I always think they should be kind of like a limitation than what you can do because I mean it's also better for people to take a break, those people who will just dunk all those hours and so they really need some time
just to step back, make sure they're like taking care of himself.
Passes the time. Yeah, I mean at least you're like actively looking. Yeah you're trying because my friend heard X. Was so they have an apartment together right now and they broke up nearly a year ago now and this whole time he hasn't been paying like his part of the rent hasn't been looking for a job
and all day he just plays called for a while.
Yeah, that's just not good.
Yeah, it's it's weird. So she's 20 and he's in his thirties, she, you know, I was young, I kind of like he's older, he had a nice job at the time, she only felt for that and um but when the least breaks, I don't really know, I think she has plans to movin alone or something, hopefully just because all the months he hasn't paid rent and she's paid for like and both.
So
yeah, I would probably take him out
firstly like, no, this is not acceptable.
Yeah.
Yeah. That's kind of crazy. Um I heard that Oregon was legalizing hard drugs too.
I would not be surprised. I
would totally believe that. Yeah.
I have a I have a friend in Canada who uh I would love that. She would yeah she I don't I don't know if it's legal there. I know that um cos that's how we also will sell through. So maybe it is.
Maybe they're just doing it on the low.
I don't know. But yeah no she's she's big on drugs and I mean i if it helps you no harm in being right. I I do hope we can eventually all kind of come to degree. It's like not not a victor.
Thanks.
Yeah and to be honest the longest argument between uh not legalizing marijuana but alcohol is legal you know and you can overdose some alcohol, but you really can't overdose on marijuana. There's a lot more than just long term effects of drinking apple. So I don't know. Very weird argument. People have
what?
Yeah, with everything going on, I I don't side with any anything. I'm very independent.
But between our two options, I mean, only logical option. We really had like, go on. I don't know. I just, the people who saw excited to trump. I don't know. It felt like it was just uh because they did in 2016 and they just wanted to stick with what they believed in. Mm hmm. Uh Okay. Yeah.
Yeah. That's very sure. Hopefully
things get better though.
pretty bad texas is uh, probably doing the worst right now of any other state. But um, I mean, I stay at home. For the most part, I avoid going out. We have like, food delivery, grocery slavery, donald stuff. So
uh that's the suburbs. Yeah, it's
I mean, there's a lot of people here, but it's like a nice neighborhood we're in,
Not a big fan of uh big city life firstly sue too much for me. Yeah.
I
I don't even I don't know if the people here are a mess too, especially the religious people who are like, we we deserve to still meet, you know, for like our religious regions, even though catholic, the priest said
it's okay, you can like
do things at home. Hope you probably know.
Uh And that just spikes cases and the majority of them are elderly,
but
All right.
And then the people who care about them, they can't even have like a real funeral for them, You know, they just like get put into a masquerade because they died with covid.
No, it's gonna be it's gonna be hard. I have a friend who's a nurse in Germany and she worked in a covid ward and yeah, it's pretty rough and it's, I mean by how bad it was there. I can only imagine how much worse it's here. Yeah.
So
uh not anywhere near like we
were they did have like spikes in cases every so often and they weren't like doing extremely well. They were kind of like, you know, but they've definitely more settled out, which is good though.
exactly.
I'm like, it sucks here, but as long as it's not happening everywhere could be worse. Right.
Yeah.
Yeah. It was nice talking to you too.
Same for you with everything.
They say
happy holidays and enjoy petting the dogs,
you to go away.