SPEAKER_L: Right. Hello? Right, trying to adjust my volume here. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I'm adjusting mind as well. Hi,
SPEAKER_L: replace
SPEAKER_R: my name is Ian Uh
SPEAKER_L: christa have you done this before?
SPEAKER_R: I have um Yeah, they did this, I don't know, probably about a month ago and I think I did three or four of them,
SPEAKER_L: I did
SPEAKER_R: hey.
SPEAKER_L: two of them. I was about right, I was about to sign up for a third when they closed everything out for that round and said
SPEAKER_R: So I had three of them in a row that like the the other person didn't show up. No. Yeah, and I was kind of, I don't know, I
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: quickly.
SPEAKER_R: kind of just like, okay, I'm done with this. I got sick of like planning around having the conversation, just have the person not show up. So I I didn't sign up for any more and they emailed me about this and I was like, you know, I'll give it another
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: shot. No, I'm glad you should. Uh Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that sucks though. That not just once, twice, three times. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. It was
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: uh it was kind of crazy. I
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: right. I assumed because like, you know, I I assume you do a good amount of prolific stuff uh
SPEAKER_L: I do, I do
SPEAKER_R: to do this. So you like, you know, this is this is pretty high paying for for what we normally get on this site. So I'm surprised that people weren't, it's more like to be there on time and everything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And of course, I, I guess maybe with newbies who hadn't done it before at all, maybe they were hesitant, but you know, once you do it once then again. Yeah, I like you said, I you know, because you probably wouldn't have signed up to begin with if you were like, I thought it was awkward, like some people don't like the idea of just a loose chat. They may have done like focus groups or meetings where it's focused
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: but not just casual competition. And I get I get that it's funny because I always kind of, again, this is my third time, I'm always kind of nervous just because but you know, just like you jump right on in there, but even if you hadn't, you can always talk about the weather, talk about where you live, you know? But so you appear to be obviously much younger than me. Are you college age or anything like that?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm 20
SPEAKER_L: Okay, I don't mind telling my age I'm 47 so much older. Where do you, where do you live or go to school?
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm in north Carolina.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, I'm Virginia,
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: so not far.
SPEAKER_R: currently going to a community college, but I was recently accepted into my theatrical college is going to go to uh wanting to go in for a product design degree. I want to be a toy designer. Yeah. Thank
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: you. What
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: shouldn't,
SPEAKER_R: want?
SPEAKER_L: I should not assume though, it's not fair to assume just because we're in that mind, I shouldn't assume that you are going to college because not everybody does, there's no problem and that's why shouldn't assume that, but I guess, I guess
SPEAKER_R: I'd
SPEAKER_L: it's just a common question
SPEAKER_R: say college age is, I don't know because for a while I was not really planning, I was for a while, I was planning to get an associate degree in business from my community college that I'm currently attending. Um and I was going to just stick with what I was doing which was I was a theater manager for regal cinemas but then this pandemic happened. I don't know if you've if you've seen the headlines about how the movie theater industry is doing, they're not doing well. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I think I think finally after you know my entire life I'm sure it could have been your entire life to people of all forever now people have been like movie theaters aren't gonna be around and however long since you just tapes that's when people first we're like movie theaters they're going to be gone in another.
SPEAKER_L: obsolete or something,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and finally is happening.
SPEAKER_L: but it's not the way they thought it would and it's not the reason they thought it would be and who knows if they can come back because some people may just say you know what, it's sad because I like theaters but you know what then I'll just deal with netflix or I'll just do that or I'll just
SPEAKER_R: spanish
SPEAKER_L: which is sad because part of a movie experience really is especially the type of the movie that you watch is that big screen and yeah you can get a big screen tv but it's not quite the same thing or drive in movie theater that they brought back a lot of those things now, wow, mm.
SPEAKER_R: So I don't being I don't think theaters are going to come back because like we movie theaters were not super profitable the past. I don't as long as I was a manager, which was like since I, like as soon as I turned 18, they were like okay your manager now, so I was managing movie theater for almost two years. Um So we kind of movie theaters kept getting less and less profitable
SPEAKER_L: please
SPEAKER_R: so for a long time uh probably since like the nineties, the whole idea was your money on the weekends, that was the money you make on the weekends, offset the money lost by being open on weekdays that not as many people would come in, but you want to be open, like the corp corporate was always like we want to be open every day, it's kind of an image thing. Um And then eventually it, yeah, you lose money a lot of weeks,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: but when
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: marvel movies or Star Wars or something like that comes out, you make enough then to offset all the way to lose money and it was just slowly but surely getting to a point where they just weren't kind of profitable at all. So I don't think because I think regal and I think A. N. C. I think all of them are gone, I don't like the way they come back but and I don't think anyone else is going to look at it and think of, because renting those huge buildings are expensive, all the electricity, all the people you have to pay, I don't think anyone's gonna look at that and think that an industry worth entering.
SPEAKER_L: we have a couple of small theaters here that of course they haven't been doing anything uh they've been trying to keep afloat by like the marquee outside of one of the tiny ones near me and then downtown they've been trying to like they'll read down the space so that you can say happy birthday or happy anniversary so and so on their marquee since there's no movies to be had so that's something that's helping them and
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: then they're doing virtual movies and stuff but a couple of them those small ones have reopened very specifically very specific event like with these christmas movies and unlimited number literally like 50 tickets even though it's like a 400 or 600% theater, 50 tickets pre soul sign up, this is how it is so that then these are small theaters, not the big ones. So I hope that they might be
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: able to actually eventually come out of this and have more stuff going on there because they're little and they can do that. But the whole industry, like you're talking about the movie industry, theater industry, it sounds like you're pretty much in the no, it's going to be shot, which is so depressing and I know it's not, I'm older and I'm like no, I don't want it to go away.
SPEAKER_R: I'm the same way, like
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: I yeah, I've loved movies my entire life and I love working there, I started when I was 16 and I worked there for over three years. Um And I met so many great people the interest. So the thing for
SPEAKER_L: I mean.
SPEAKER_R: me, they probably kept me there is the people you'd meet. Um Not only just you know the teenagers like me, but like there were like I had like at my fear there was a guy who worked there just on the weekends to have something to do and but his main job, he was an artist for marvel comics. Um There was like a movie director. I met so many interesting people because it's the kind of job that people want to do just on the weekend for fun. I feel like you don't meet that kind of those kind of people working at like walmart, right?
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I don't think anyone look at walmart and it's like that's how I want to spend my weekend
SPEAKER_L: no. Yeah. Both the employees and the shoppers
SPEAKER_R: beth
SPEAKER_L: feel the same way about that.
SPEAKER_R: that's very true. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's just a job. Yeah. I don't think Yeah. I don't think people, you know, I will say though you can meet a whole lot of interesting people at walmart just might not be
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: the interesting that you would want. Uh
SPEAKER_R: that's true. I'm sure
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: there are very just a different type of interesting. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I hate walmart. I hated the prices are great though. But I hate it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And the good prices at the expense of a good atmosphere to shop in or anything. Uh huh. But those good prices have been pretty good at making it. So them and Target are the only places to shop really for a lot of. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I'm a target. I will say. I mean I'm not like such a devotee that I'm like that's the place to go. But yeah, that's that's probably one of my first places to go when, when I want stuff that's
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: like that, you know lower, lower and but not necessarily cheap but if I want to close I'll get close there. But if I want some high quality or something specific I might do that polls or JCPenney's but I can't help think what targets got its food, we've got this but our particular location has as with many our particular area I guess it's really going down the crapper in the last couple of years and it was pretty new. They just don't, the whole staffing. I don't know if they're getting to be like walmart. In other words, it's where they're not staffed well or if they are, they don't seem like they care as much. They used to always have like registers open now. It's like we're just standing there waiting. Yeah, but then my business man.
SPEAKER_R: I think much like with everything, much like every every business around uh having to compete with amazon and general just online uh online retailers has made them to start to cut corners figure out what is absolutely necessary. So yeah I guess cut having as few registers open. I guess it helps even though like it's not like those people working there get paid nearly
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: enough. But I guess that I think target pays like $11 an hour is their base pay.
SPEAKER_L: Why no, during the, at least in my area, during the pandemic, they did advertise and I don't know if it was temporary only like for now, but because they wanted workers because there was a lot of people that obviously they have a lot more activity in there with the, not necessarily in the store with people shopping, but all the online ordering that they were at least in my area where advertising $15 an hour. So I think they were trying to say, hey, we need workers because we've got a lot more orders coming in for online and other stuff. Plus also the people who might have been hesitant or who had lost their job in another area that, you know, because they are non essential and I have a friend who lives in north Carolina and I don't I don't want to because I don't want, you know if there's a difference of opinion here. But from what I hear, the governor is the governor, there has been rather strict, strict in certain ways we got regarding essential, what they eggs, essential
SPEAKER_R: She
SPEAKER_L: workers because there's an open to interpretation to them for being opened.
SPEAKER_R: And like in general I'm very for that like, like, yeah, so I'm diabetic. I
SPEAKER_L: Gosh.
SPEAKER_R: like if I get it, I I don't think I don't, it would kill me. I don't think it's likely it would. Their theory, it's always that small chance. But I'd be hospitalized, I'd have a lot of medical bills so I'm being very careful to make sure I don't get it. But I have I have friends who like we're working various jobs that were deemed un essential. Meanwhile, places like Gamestop is being essential enough to stay open. Yeah. Really?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: that's weird. So I'm all for like I would have loved if
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: they, if our whole country was just like we're taking a month where everything except for what is absolutely essential is closed because if they did that I think we we'd be done by now. Right? Like that's the
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: reason.
SPEAKER_L: was what they thought in the beginning. But then obviously we didn't do it uniformly the same way. So that was that was the idea in the beginning was to do it just like that. But we didn't,
SPEAKER_R: We just didn't do it well enough. Yes. And
SPEAKER_L: some
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: did it some places that are better than others and some did it really badly and some did it really well and they're almost like, hey, why would they punished? Which is kind of interesting because there are some who are like, wait a minute. That's like saying the bad kid in the class files it for the rest of the class. Not not exactly the right way to look at it, but that's how it feels, feels probably to them. They're like what we're doing okay. You know Virginia is not doing badly. We haven't we've certainly had our ups and downs but we're not we don't have a track record of of you know, being known for their the worst ones or they've done this and they've done that kind of like everybody else. Right,
SPEAKER_R: haven't been looking at our covid numbers, but I know about a week ago, every single day for a week straight was our new record of new cases and new hospitalizations. So I'd say we're doing pretty poor relief. Um And
SPEAKER_L: Well by the way, don't don't obviously you have to be careful. So I'm not I'm not saying I don't worry about it, but you don't count yourself out in terms of, you know, if you were to get it or something like that because I mean, you're at least young. So you got a job on your side even though you have diabetes. My father in law is 70 78 and he just recovered a few weeks ago. He's the first person that I've known personally. Not just, oh I've heard of people's mothers and somebody who had his first person I knew who has had it personally. And he's diabetic, he's 78 and he
SPEAKER_R: Council
SPEAKER_L: recover about 23 weeks ago and it was he was nowhere near hospitalized at all, which is kind of surprising. He was afraid isn't going to get to that point, even though he didn't have that, he had the coughing, but he never had the shortest of breath. But he was just worried after 14 to 15 days. He was still like, I'm still coughing and at night I get the sweat. So I'm assuming I get a fever again, even though my fever is gone, I'm tired of this. So he was worried just like the longer it went on, that meant it could happen. And we said, you know, it is possible because people tend not to get in the hospital early on, but because you don't have the breathing issues, you're not having that. That's usually what kicks you into that second level. You're
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: probably on the menu are just going to be one of those slow pro healers and he's fine. Now. We've even asked him every time we talked to him, we say, you know how you feeling? Do you have any residual fatigue? The coffee didn't like office. The cough
SPEAKER_R: head
SPEAKER_L: is actually
SPEAKER_R: up.
SPEAKER_L: now gone. And we said, well that's really good because sometimes the cough will linger for weeks and weeks anyway without being, we just, and we knew that he was feeling better when number one, he was getting grumpy in the way that he is typically grumpy at his age and when he called said whatever it
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: was, he said he was already cleared by the health department to after that period of time to go out and be around people. But he said, I went to Mcdonalds, I
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: got a big mac and fries avoided. It tastes good and we knew his taste buds were back. So
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: we were like, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: it was funny
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: because we
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: were no doctor would have said, you know what you should do, go and get some greasy junk food when you feel better. But he was like, that's how I knew I'm good. So so don't count yourself out. But you're right to be smart about
SPEAKER_R: Hard.
SPEAKER_L: it. I just Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I am more worried about medical bills. So
SPEAKER_L: that's true.
SPEAKER_R: if I do get hospitalized, even if it's just for a day, it would be very expensive. And when I'm trying to save for college and all that stuff, I've also, it's like, you know, I've always been like full introvert where I'm completely fine sitting in my house all day for months on end.
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: I do, I'm very much like I have gone out with friends who I have who are or have been safe and stuff and I we just I've like gone to their house and stuff. Um but like I'm not I'm not someone who like before this, it's not like I'd be going out to parties and stuff, that's not the kind of stuff I enjoy. So
SPEAKER_L: You're not really missing as much as some people who were like, you know, feeling trapped, mm.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. So like I'm looking forward two being able to not be worried like, like probably what I'm looking forward to most is like if my friend, if like one of my friends text me like, hey, do you want to come over me not even having to go through the whole, like, where have you been in the past two weeks? Have you coughed? Have you done stuff? And again, just like me, most of my friends aren't people who were going out or anything, so it's not the yeah, it's not too big of a deal. I'm just, I'm looking forward to this. All being
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You're looking forward to the mindset being more relaxed. Were stuff we don't have to question stuff or where it's like it's become second nature. But that's the other thing. There's goods and bads to that because some of the things that become second nature now are good for the time being because it means that we've got the rhythm. But then is it going to be hard for us to go? Okay, well, so is it okay now to do this for, you know, or Okay, no masks are needed again. When at that point what? But I still want mine and it's like, I mean, I won't be that way because I'm not like that, but I know some people maybe like I'd really rather
SPEAKER_R: okay.
SPEAKER_L: just always be allowed to wear like flu season and whatever I'm going. Yeah, but I don't know how that's going to pan out. Or the banks and the places that don't want your face covered gonna say yes, sure we understand. So, so I don't
SPEAKER_R: Like,
SPEAKER_L: know. But
SPEAKER_R: I think, you know, I don't think there's any time like when just going shopping that you won't be able to wear a mask because you always kind of have been, it's not, I think it will be a lot more normalized because before, if you saw someone wearing a mask in target, you'd kind of be like, I wonder what's going on there. But after this, you just kind of be like, they're just, you know, they're worried about covid coming back or blue season or whatever. You wouldn't, you won't like have the, I wonder what, I wonder what's going on with that guy, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I've gotten used to it, but I still don't like like the whole and I got used to it. But the you know, you can't tell someone necessarily unless their faces expressing, I can't tell if they're smiling and when they're talking and so that whole extra piece of facial expression is hard because at one time I ran into or almost bumped into someone in my cart in the grocery store early on and I was left, it wasn't any big deal, but I live in an area that people just have gotten much more rude in my particular area with each other and I was like, I hope that lady didn't think I was either being smart alec
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: or wasn't being pleasant when I want something, like I just bumped into excuse me or I'm sorry because some people will be sarcastic,
SPEAKER_R: Part.
SPEAKER_L: excuse me kind of rudely and because she couldn't see my face smiling, which was sort of wincing, like I'm sorry, that was my fault. I almost was like, man, I hope that lady didn't think that was, you know, it sucks, but you can't get that paper. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I don't know. I don't know if it's just like, I don't know if it's the era, the era I've grown up in what? But I think, I think because my mom also worries about stuff like that too and I think it's it's a, I don't worry about what people just like at the grocery store and stuff really think about me as a whole or how like I obviously I don't go in and be rude because I don't care, but like the way I did, I do not think I could describe a single person I've interacted with at a grocery store or a target or anything like that because I'm focused on whatever I'm doing, you know? So and I kind of I assume other people are like that, so I don't really, I don't know, I don't really worry about it. I assume I'm making as little an impact on their lives as they are making online.
SPEAKER_L: I'm probably a little more aware of it only because like I said, people in this particular area seemed to just, you know, get butt hurt so easily about anything and get an attitude not necessarily full on, bring you, you know, bring you up on it and start something.
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I've never had that happen to me because or in witnessing, but I guess because people were on edge, I was, I've seen it and heard it happen and again, it's no skin off my nose. I'm not gonna see them again other than they might come shopping the same day as me again. It's just, of course I also want to leave people with good enough impression that if I was intending to be smart, like I would want them to know, In which case I wouldn't because I want you to know it if I am, but I don't want them thinking I'm not, but it was more so of the, okay. I don't want to have an altercation because there have been a couple of times where people have been right on the edge of something with me and I was like, what, what I do, what I say, you know, move along.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Some people uh some people, I feel like do kind of are looking for fights whether it's just they have something going on or whatever the reason some people definitely are looking to get angry about anything really. Yeah. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's probably the best way to describe it
SPEAKER_R: Group.
SPEAKER_L: is, you know, whether they pick a fight, you'll find a fight, don't pick one, they'll find one hand. But so are you,
SPEAKER_R: Very good.
SPEAKER_L: are you from north Carolina? Originally? I was gonna ask just early on.
SPEAKER_R: I'd say yes, I would I lived in Kansas city Missouri until I was like 10 but I don't really remember it. I have a really bad memory for some reason. Uh huh. So I don't really remember it.
SPEAKER_L: It was a vulnerable place. Apparently not.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we had a good baseball team and a good football team that but I've never been into sports so they didn't really make an impact on me. So I consider myself to be from Yeah. Really? As far back as it matters
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, gosh, because
SPEAKER_R: I think.
SPEAKER_L: most people would probably consider themselves from that other place. But if they don't feel like that is home. You know when they say my hometown hometown is either where you are now sometimes or it's where you, where you
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: grew up or
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: where you felt like you spent the longest, not the, I'm not even the longest time because military people obviously go to different places. But yeah, I'm, I was born in Ohio and I say it by a fluke because it wasn't, there was no family there anything. My dad's radio job took him there before I was born. So first five years I was there and I remember, I remember enough that I remember, but it's definitely not home and I'm glad it's not home because it's colder there than Virginia. It's snowier. It's, I don't like that. So I'm in a good spot mostly you guys are too
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There's not much now
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: or anything
SPEAKER_L: unless you like snow in which case you probably think that sucks that you don't get it. I like one snow, you
SPEAKER_R: higher.
SPEAKER_L: know, I'm like, yeah, one snow is good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, once a year that's that's enough for me and that's generally what we get here. So
SPEAKER_L: That's true.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: I think,
SPEAKER_R: it has been 25 minutes. It was nice talking me.
SPEAKER_L: you too, and I'm glad you took another shot at this.