I'm adjusting mind as well. Hi,
my name is Ian Uh
I have um Yeah, they did this, I don't know, probably about a month ago and I think I did three or four of them,
hey.
So I had three of them in a row that like the the other person didn't show up. No. Yeah, and I was kind of, I don't know, I
was
kind of just like, okay, I'm done with this. I got sick of like planning around having the conversation, just have the person not show up. So I I didn't sign up for any more and they emailed me about this and I was like, you know, I'll give it another
shot. No, I'm glad you should. Uh Yeah.
Mhm. It was
uh it was kind of crazy. I
right. I assumed because like, you know, I I assume you do a good amount of prolific stuff uh
to do this. So you like, you know, this is this is pretty high paying for for what we normally get on this site. So I'm surprised that people weren't, it's more like to be there on time and everything. Yeah.
here.
yeah, I'm 20
Um I'm in north Carolina.
I'm
currently going to a community college, but I was recently accepted into my theatrical college is going to go to uh wanting to go in for a product design degree. I want to be a toy designer. Yeah. Thank
you. What
do
you
want?
I'd
say college age is, I don't know because for a while I was not really planning, I was for a while, I was planning to get an associate degree in business from my community college that I'm currently attending. Um and I was going to just stick with what I was doing which was I was a theater manager for regal cinemas but then this pandemic happened. I don't know if you've if you've seen the headlines about how the movie theater industry is doing, they're not doing well. Yeah
I think I think finally after you know my entire life I'm sure it could have been your entire life to people of all forever now people have been like movie theaters aren't gonna be around and however long since you just tapes that's when people first we're like movie theaters they're going to be gone in another.
Yeah and finally is happening.
spanish
So I don't being I don't think theaters are going to come back because like we movie theaters were not super profitable the past. I don't as long as I was a manager, which was like since I, like as soon as I turned 18, they were like okay your manager now, so I was managing movie theater for almost two years. Um So we kind of movie theaters kept getting less and less profitable
so for a long time uh probably since like the nineties, the whole idea was your money on the weekends, that was the money you make on the weekends, offset the money lost by being open on weekdays that not as many people would come in, but you want to be open, like the corp corporate was always like we want to be open every day, it's kind of an image thing. Um And then eventually it, yeah, you lose money a lot of weeks,
but when
marvel movies or Star Wars or something like that comes out, you make enough then to offset all the way to lose money and it was just slowly but surely getting to a point where they just weren't kind of profitable at all. So I don't think because I think regal and I think A. N. C. I think all of them are gone, I don't like the way they come back but and I don't think anyone else is going to look at it and think of, because renting those huge buildings are expensive, all the electricity, all the people you have to pay, I don't think anyone's gonna look at that and think that an industry worth entering.
no.
Hey.
I'm the same way, like
I yeah, I've loved movies my entire life and I love working there, I started when I was 16 and I worked there for over three years. Um And I met so many great people the interest. So the thing for
me, they probably kept me there is the people you'd meet. Um Not only just you know the teenagers like me, but like there were like I had like at my fear there was a guy who worked there just on the weekends to have something to do and but his main job, he was an artist for marvel comics. Um There was like a movie director. I met so many interesting people because it's the kind of job that people want to do just on the weekend for fun. I feel like you don't meet that kind of those kind of people working at like walmart, right?
I don't think anyone look at walmart and it's like that's how I want to spend my weekend
beth
that's very true. Yeah.
What?
that's true. I'm sure
there are very just a different type of interesting. Oh yeah.
Yeah. And the good prices at the expense of a good atmosphere to shop in or anything. Uh huh. But those good prices have been pretty good at making it. So them and Target are the only places to shop really for a lot of. Uh huh.
Thank you.
I think much like with everything, much like every every business around uh having to compete with amazon and general just online uh online retailers has made them to start to cut corners figure out what is absolutely necessary. So yeah I guess cut having as few registers open. I guess it helps even though like it's not like those people working there get paid nearly
enough. But I guess that I think target pays like $11 an hour is their base pay.
She
And like in general I'm very for that like, like, yeah, so I'm diabetic. I
like if I get it, I I don't think I don't, it would kill me. I don't think it's likely it would. Their theory, it's always that small chance. But I'd be hospitalized, I'd have a lot of medical bills so I'm being very careful to make sure I don't get it. But I have I have friends who like we're working various jobs that were deemed un essential. Meanwhile, places like Gamestop is being essential enough to stay open. Yeah. Really?
that's weird. So I'm all for like I would have loved if
they, if our whole country was just like we're taking a month where everything except for what is absolutely essential is closed because if they did that I think we we'd be done by now. Right? Like that's the
reason.
We just didn't do it well enough. Yes. And
there.
haven't been looking at our covid numbers, but I know about a week ago, every single day for a week straight was our new record of new cases and new hospitalizations. So I'd say we're doing pretty poor relief. Um And
Council
All
head
up.
But
All
That's
good.
That's
it.
Hard.
I am more worried about medical bills. So
if I do get hospitalized, even if it's just for a day, it would be very expensive. And when I'm trying to save for college and all that stuff, I've also, it's like, you know, I've always been like full introvert where I'm completely fine sitting in my house all day for months on end.
I do, I'm very much like I have gone out with friends who I have who are or have been safe and stuff and I we just I've like gone to their house and stuff. Um but like I'm not I'm not someone who like before this, it's not like I'd be going out to parties and stuff, that's not the kind of stuff I enjoy. So
exactly. So like I'm looking forward two being able to not be worried like, like probably what I'm looking forward to most is like if my friend, if like one of my friends text me like, hey, do you want to come over me not even having to go through the whole, like, where have you been in the past two weeks? Have you coughed? Have you done stuff? And again, just like me, most of my friends aren't people who were going out or anything, so it's not the yeah, it's not too big of a deal. I'm just, I'm looking forward to this. All being
okay.
Like,
I think, you know, I don't think there's any time like when just going shopping that you won't be able to wear a mask because you always kind of have been, it's not, I think it will be a lot more normalized because before, if you saw someone wearing a mask in target, you'd kind of be like, I wonder what's going on there. But after this, you just kind of be like, they're just, you know, they're worried about covid coming back or blue season or whatever. You wouldn't, you won't like have the, I wonder what, I wonder what's going on with that guy, you know? Yeah.
I
what?
Part.
Mhm. I don't know. I don't know if it's just like, I don't know if it's the era, the era I've grown up in what? But I think, I think because my mom also worries about stuff like that too and I think it's it's a, I don't worry about what people just like at the grocery store and stuff really think about me as a whole or how like I obviously I don't go in and be rude because I don't care, but like the way I did, I do not think I could describe a single person I've interacted with at a grocery store or a target or anything like that because I'm focused on whatever I'm doing, you know? So and I kind of I assume other people are like that, so I don't really, I don't know, I don't really worry about it. I assume I'm making as little an impact on their lives as they are making online.
Not
Yeah. Some people uh some people, I feel like do kind of are looking for fights whether it's just they have something going on or whatever the reason some people definitely are looking to get angry about anything really. Yeah. Oh yeah.
Group.
Very good.
I'd say yes, I would I lived in Kansas city Missouri until I was like 10 but I don't really remember it. I have a really bad memory for some reason. Uh huh. So I don't really remember it.
Yeah, we had a good baseball team and a good football team that but I've never been into sports so they didn't really make an impact on me. So I consider myself to be from Yeah. Really? As far back as it matters
I think.
All
But
Yeah. There's not much now
or anything
higher.
Yeah, once a year that's that's enough for me and that's generally what we get here. So
Well
it has been 25 minutes. It was nice talking me.