Right. Hello? Right, trying to adjust my volume here. Yeah,
replace
christa have you done this before?
I did
two of them. I was about right, I was about to sign up for a third when they closed everything out for that round and said
very
quickly.
now.
that sucks though. That not just once, twice, three times. Oh
man.
And
I do, I do
Yeah. And of course, I, I guess maybe with newbies who hadn't done it before at all, maybe they were hesitant, but you know, once you do it once then again. Yeah, I like you said, I you know, because you probably wouldn't have signed up to begin with if you were like, I thought it was awkward, like some people don't like the idea of just a loose chat. They may have done like focus groups or meetings where it's focused
but not just casual competition. And I get I get that it's funny because I always kind of, again, this is my third time, I'm always kind of nervous just because but you know, just like you jump right on in there, but even if you hadn't, you can always talk about the weather, talk about where you live, you know? But so you appear to be obviously much younger than me. Are you college age or anything like that?
Okay, I don't mind telling my age I'm 47 so much older. Where do you, where do you live or go to school?
Okay, I'm Virginia,
so not far.
that's
and
I
shouldn't,
I should not assume though, it's not fair to assume just because we're in that mind, I shouldn't assume that you are going to college because not everybody does, there's no problem and that's why shouldn't assume that, but I guess, I guess
it's just a common question
and
obsolete or something,
but it's not the way they thought it would and it's not the reason they thought it would be and who knows if they can come back because some people may just say you know what, it's sad because I like theaters but you know what then I'll just deal with netflix or I'll just do that or I'll just
which is sad because part of a movie experience really is especially the type of the movie that you watch is that big screen and yeah you can get a big screen tv but it's not quite the same thing or drive in movie theater that they brought back a lot of those things now, wow, mm.
please
I
know.
we have a couple of small theaters here that of course they haven't been doing anything uh they've been trying to keep afloat by like the marquee outside of one of the tiny ones near me and then downtown they've been trying to like they'll read down the space so that you can say happy birthday or happy anniversary so and so on their marquee since there's no movies to be had so that's something that's helping them and
then they're doing virtual movies and stuff but a couple of them those small ones have reopened very specifically very specific event like with these christmas movies and unlimited number literally like 50 tickets even though it's like a 400 or 600% theater, 50 tickets pre soul sign up, this is how it is so that then these are small theaters, not the big ones. So I hope that they might be
able to actually eventually come out of this and have more stuff going on there because they're little and they can do that. But the whole industry, like you're talking about the movie industry, theater industry, it sounds like you're pretty much in the no, it's going to be shot, which is so depressing and I know it's not, I'm older and I'm like no, I don't want it to go away.
Two.
I mean.
No,
no. Yeah. Both the employees and the shoppers
feel the same way about that.
it's just a job. Yeah. I don't think Yeah. I don't think people, you know, I will say though you can meet a whole lot of interesting people at walmart just might not be
the interesting that you would want. Uh
Yeah.
I hate walmart. I hated the prices are great though. But I hate it.
I'm a target. I will say. I mean I'm not like such a devotee that I'm like that's the place to go. But yeah, that's that's probably one of my first places to go when, when I want stuff that's
like that, you know lower, lower and but not necessarily cheap but if I want to close I'll get close there. But if I want some high quality or something specific I might do that polls or JCPenney's but I can't help think what targets got its food, we've got this but our particular location has as with many our particular area I guess it's really going down the crapper in the last couple of years and it was pretty new. They just don't, the whole staffing. I don't know if they're getting to be like walmart. In other words, it's where they're not staffed well or if they are, they don't seem like they care as much. They used to always have like registers open now. It's like we're just standing there waiting. Yeah, but then my business man.
no.
Why no, during the, at least in my area, during the pandemic, they did advertise and I don't know if it was temporary only like for now, but because they wanted workers because there was a lot of people that obviously they have a lot more activity in there with the, not necessarily in the store with people shopping, but all the online ordering that they were at least in my area where advertising $15 an hour. So I think they were trying to say, hey, we need workers because we've got a lot more orders coming in for online and other stuff. Plus also the people who might have been hesitant or who had lost their job in another area that, you know, because they are non essential and I have a friend who lives in north Carolina and I don't I don't want to because I don't want, you know if there's a difference of opinion here. But from what I hear, the governor is the governor, there has been rather strict, strict in certain ways we got regarding essential, what they eggs, essential
workers because there's an open to interpretation to them for being opened.
Gosh.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Thanks.
That
was what they thought in the beginning. But then obviously we didn't do it uniformly the same way. So that was that was the idea in the beginning was to do it just like that. But we didn't,
some
did it some places that are better than others and some did it really badly and some did it really well and they're almost like, hey, why would they punished? Which is kind of interesting because there are some who are like, wait a minute. That's like saying the bad kid in the class files it for the rest of the class. Not not exactly the right way to look at it, but that's how it feels, feels probably to them. They're like what we're doing okay. You know Virginia is not doing badly. We haven't we've certainly had our ups and downs but we're not we don't have a track record of of you know, being known for their the worst ones or they've done this and they've done that kind of like everybody else. Right,
Well by the way, don't don't obviously you have to be careful. So I'm not I'm not saying I don't worry about it, but you don't count yourself out in terms of, you know, if you were to get it or something like that because I mean, you're at least young. So you got a job on your side even though you have diabetes. My father in law is 70 78 and he just recovered a few weeks ago. He's the first person that I've known personally. Not just, oh I've heard of people's mothers and somebody who had his first person I knew who has had it personally. And he's diabetic, he's 78 and he
recover about 23 weeks ago and it was he was nowhere near hospitalized at all, which is kind of surprising. He was afraid isn't going to get to that point, even though he didn't have that, he had the coughing, but he never had the shortest of breath. But he was just worried after 14 to 15 days. He was still like, I'm still coughing and at night I get the sweat. So I'm assuming I get a fever again, even though my fever is gone, I'm tired of this. So he was worried just like the longer it went on, that meant it could happen. And we said, you know, it is possible because people tend not to get in the hospital early on, but because you don't have the breathing issues, you're not having that. That's usually what kicks you into that second level. You're
probably on the menu are just going to be one of those slow pro healers and he's fine. Now. We've even asked him every time we talked to him, we say, you know how you feeling? Do you have any residual fatigue? The coffee didn't like office. The cough
is actually
now gone. And we said, well that's really good because sometimes the cough will linger for weeks and weeks anyway without being, we just, and we knew that he was feeling better when number one, he was getting grumpy in the way that he is typically grumpy at his age and when he called said whatever it
was, he said he was already cleared by the health department to after that period of time to go out and be around people. But he said, I went to Mcdonalds, I
got a big mac and fries avoided. It tastes good and we knew his taste buds were back. So
we were like, yeah,
it was funny
because we
were no doctor would have said, you know what you should do, go and get some greasy junk food when you feel better. But he was like, that's how I knew I'm good. So so don't count yourself out. But you're right to be smart about
it. I just Yeah,
that's true.
Good.
You're not really missing as much as some people who were like, you know, feeling trapped, mm.
Yeah. You're looking forward to the mindset being more relaxed. Were stuff we don't have to question stuff or where it's like it's become second nature. But that's the other thing. There's goods and bads to that because some of the things that become second nature now are good for the time being because it means that we've got the rhythm. But then is it going to be hard for us to go? Okay, well, so is it okay now to do this for, you know, or Okay, no masks are needed again. When at that point what? But I still want mine and it's like, I mean, I won't be that way because I'm not like that, but I know some people maybe like I'd really rather
just always be allowed to wear like flu season and whatever I'm going. Yeah, but I don't know how that's going to pan out. Or the banks and the places that don't want your face covered gonna say yes, sure we understand. So, so I don't
know. But
if
I've gotten used to it, but I still don't like like the whole and I got used to it. But the you know, you can't tell someone necessarily unless their faces expressing, I can't tell if they're smiling and when they're talking and so that whole extra piece of facial expression is hard because at one time I ran into or almost bumped into someone in my cart in the grocery store early on and I was left, it wasn't any big deal, but I live in an area that people just have gotten much more rude in my particular area with each other and I was like, I hope that lady didn't think I was either being smart alec
or wasn't being pleasant when I want something, like I just bumped into excuse me or I'm sorry because some people will be sarcastic,
excuse me kind of rudely and because she couldn't see my face smiling, which was sort of wincing, like I'm sorry, that was my fault. I almost was like, man, I hope that lady didn't think that was, you know, it sucks, but you can't get that paper. Okay,
I'm probably a little more aware of it only because like I said, people in this particular area seemed to just, you know, get butt hurt so easily about anything and get an attitude not necessarily full on, bring you, you know, bring you up on it and start something.
I mean, I've never had that happen to me because or in witnessing, but I guess because people were on edge, I was, I've seen it and heard it happen and again, it's no skin off my nose. I'm not gonna see them again other than they might come shopping the same day as me again. It's just, of course I also want to leave people with good enough impression that if I was intending to be smart, like I would want them to know, In which case I wouldn't because I want you to know it if I am, but I don't want them thinking I'm not, but it was more so of the, okay. I don't want to have an altercation because there have been a couple of times where people have been right on the edge of something with me and I was like, what, what I do, what I say, you know, move along.
That's probably the best way to describe it
is, you know, whether they pick a fight, you'll find a fight, don't pick one, they'll find one hand. But so are you,
are you from north Carolina? Originally? I was gonna ask just early on.
It was a vulnerable place. Apparently not.
Yeah. Well, gosh, because
most people would probably consider themselves from that other place. But if they don't feel like that is home. You know when they say my hometown hometown is either where you are now sometimes or it's where you, where you
grew up or
where you felt like you spent the longest, not the, I'm not even the longest time because military people obviously go to different places. But yeah, I'm, I was born in Ohio and I say it by a fluke because it wasn't, there was no family there anything. My dad's radio job took him there before I was born. So first five years I was there and I remember, I remember enough that I remember, but it's definitely not home and I'm glad it's not home because it's colder there than Virginia. It's snowier. It's, I don't like that. So I'm in a good spot mostly you guys are too
well
unless you like snow in which case you probably think that sucks that you don't get it. I like one snow, you
know, I'm like, yeah, one snow is good.
That's true.
I think,
you too, and I'm glad you took another shot at this.