Hello?
Good. How are you
Actually
for once?
Just
go to sleep. Have you ever done this before now?
I got it
for a man.
Good time.
This is my fourth time. So it's not about future ones. And I've
only had one person not show up. And I don't know actually. They're not getting a black screen, but I was like, hello? Oh wait, that smells like, I don't know or
take, You know? So I'm like, I guess I'm getting a dollar 50 Instead of the 15. How? Well?
No, not tonight. I actually did one yesterday.
as soon as I did it, they sent me another, you know, message on prolific and they're like, you know, we're still looking for people. I'm like, all right, screw it, filled out a whole nother thing and here I am.
Yeah. Yeah. That I can't believe you got dumped on twice.
No, it's real well, because the one I have to say the one
time I I told him I couldn't do something because I forgot what time it was. My son actually had soccer game. I'm like, I'm supposed to be So my message number, like can I change my time? And they're cool about they're like, yeah sure
we'll just cancel that and you can change it later. And I changed the way that never showed up. And I was like some sort of like, I think they set me up because I changed my time. They decided to mess with me.
Yeah. And you know what? That's funny. It's when I put it in like, you know because they tell Elliot a copy link and put it in the browser and everything every time it's just think so it's not like it changes from I mean I think the first time I did this was probably I don't know, maybe like two months ago and it's you know that saves the browser, it's the same thing. So I don't I don't know how it works. But
yeah comes up the thing like you know how do you feel low energy high energy bubble ball. Let's Salina's
I'm
just
like
let me talk to people.
Stop
that.
You know I wonder what they want that like what are they looking at with this?
Of
course.
Four
what?
I mean and I have figured out that everybody I got matched up with was a woman. So they so apparently I mean unless it's just shit locked but I mean like I said this is the fourth time and each time I've had a woman on the other side.
So
so apparently
they do that
and
well and then I think it was the first thing I had with people from the south. Mhm. It was from see anything and so, but then the woman I talked to yesterday, she was from Illinois, so Oh my God, Right, well there goes that theory. So
we'll
New Jersey.
That study?
That's cool. I enjoy shameless
much. Like
the way
people
associate New Jersey with the sopranos I associate with shameless.
Uh
I've
been
ever since this whole crew because we we got locked down in March. So it's this whole career. I mean I I live on netflix and amazon prime, I think I killed it. It was a good man. I'm watching BBC shows, that's one. But I've watched british crime dramas. So then I walk around and I'm like, oh have you been to hospital? I said, you know, flat, where's your flat? And they were just like, oh my God, I'm just gonna go over and get ships. What
steps? You know,
french fries? What's wrong with you people? I'm
like, I'm
sorry.
It's all right. It's a nice looking like that with the schnauzer.
Yeah, It looks like one.
I've got $2. I got an American Eskimo and Indian American Eskimo mix. All that is you happy, Happy, Happy, Happy. Their loudest stupid dogs ever.
Oh, it's horrible. I'm like, they keep me safe from the mailman every day. But you know, sometimes they need to realize like, you know, like one is eight years old. I'm like, it's been eight years. The guy hasn't even come into our house, It's okay. Little white truck when he comes over, you can let it go keep collect
I have a cat. My cat just jumped up and looked at me like, like when the thing is talking to, okay, because her name is jingles, but we actually call her cat because
we never, we failed to name her I guess. And we were always like, cat, come here kat, come on. You know what are you doing cat now? She just thinks she's cat.
So
yeah, the only, and because we have the two dogs, you think his dog, like, I'm like, I've never seen it getting french fries before in my life
french fries, potato ships, roast beef, uh pizza.
Yeah. Well that's the thing is I like, I'll take cross from like a pizza. I'll be like, you know, come here dog gonna throw it to it and I'll be like, come here, I'm like, let's see if this works. She comes over and she's like, man her, she takes the peace and she runs away somewhere, it eats it. I'm like, what the fuck, Let me get the greatest cat ever.
Still,
no, they said where where is the strange voice coming from the box? I don't understand. Mm
that's
how
was
Chicago
with the whole covid thing?
Whatever,
what if they're all related?
it's the maximum rate. So even if it's like you, your parents, somebody else, they'll be like, no, I'm sorry. I got another table. Something really did I seem
making
yourself
now because the way we, we've been, I'm like 45 minutes away from New York City where we follow pretty much whatever new york does. So we school got completely shut down in March, middle of March. Uh, then they implemented like everything except for essential businesses shut down. Probably like the beginning of april. And right now we're at, if you go into, if you go outside, you need to wear a mask. Like if you go anywhere you have to wear a mask. Um If you know indoor dining only outward behind. So the restaurants all had to set up like you see you're driving around, you see like, like they just threw stuff to get like some places like picnic tables, other places have like a little cheap like folding tables you get from kosciusko or something. So like in their parking lot because they have nowhere else to put it. So they just bus so there's that they had non essential businesses for a while that were like, you know like haircutting, like barbershops um
but like nail salons um like like pet stores, stuff like that and they were all closed until may how you can go in there, you got to wear your mask and there's only like whatever kind of like, like whatever the fire marshall said like your max is for going in. It's half of that amount this one, but you have to wear your mask. And uh gyms are still clothed. Uh Sports are still closed. Uh schools all jacked up my head. That's like they've got some like there's like an A. And B. Schedule where they go to school, monday Tuesday be goes thursday, friday, Wednesday, everybody's home and it's like a cleaning day I guess at the school. And then um if you're a you go to school monday Tuesday and then on your thursday friday you're all doing the virtual learning stuff. And then but then when you actually go to school on monday and Tuesday it's only a half day. And then the bus is the way they did, it was all like you have
to be six ft apart from everybody, so we're just we're driving our kids to school because I'm like, I don't even know your because I live in like a lake
community private, so we have one bus stop, so all the kids go there, so everybody who's in 2nd, 3rd and 4th grade all gets on the same bus, so we're gonna have a buses lined up in order to make the six ft, I think there's there's like 30 kids,
so we were just like screw it, driving them. Yeah.
What
about colleges?
wow. Because I got my sister in law, she's a junior junior senior and she has like one class that's in person, everything else is he learning? And then my step sister in law, that even counts as a thing. Uh huh.
Father in law and stepdaughter. So I guess she
whoever some check um she is going to be a sophomore at Penn State and that's all he learning and but like you know they went and got a house instead of having like a like a dorm or something like that, so she's like you know here I have my house with my friends and I have nothing to do except for you on the computer and then what drink? Like
I don't have anything else to do. I was gonna be drunk and go
to oh I was like yeah I'm like that's kind of a boy.
I mean this is a bit of a but then you can't go anywhere, it's not looking good parties.
I mean nothing against a drinking but.
I'm
wow
Now how did that work out for you?
That
was that's good. Well it's gonna sound like are you like one of those people that goes on to zoom and like, is it like you're in a group shot? Some of the waste of how you just sure.
Oh,
that's
in
London.
Oh, that's awesome. That's even, you could just lay there and be like, yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah. You can say how was Chicago traffic? Is that uh
Did you guys have
like highways and stuff over there? No, I've never been to Chicago.
it's
over.
Yeah. Yeah, that's the way it is here in New Jersey. So they're always working on one side. Once they finish that they just work on the other side and you're like, come on, you just fixed it like five years ago. What are you doing it again?
No, it's like they perpetually liquor in the cycle of like, okay, we finished it now, we have to begin restart doing it all over again,
stop
And the best
workers can drive by him and you see like that. I did it today. Fuck Eastern five guys staring at a bucket
time, a highway, everything's the lanes blocked off and then you got the arrow so I need to go move over. You finally get to where there's people because of course there's like three miles where there's nothing you finally people and there's like four dudes and just standing there looking at this bucket. I'm like the hint that I think the bucket's gonna move, move the bucket themselves. Like what the hell is going on? You're not fixing anything. I'm like, it's like, I hate this shit.
So
I, I am pleased that the rest of America sucks with the road construction with much of me.
And
lastly,
it's
like, like for a while I lived in Oklahoma. Oh my God, there's nothing there. First of all it flatters house like like sort of oz, like nothing. And we had, there was like one mountain and I was in the army for 20 years, so I've been all over and when I was in Oklahoma I used to one mountain for the land of place. So you could get a map and you have to go find different points on like the only mountain in Oklahoma. Then we were doing a physical fitness test like every six months and we were doing the two mile run part of it. And all of a sudden like I looked over my shoulder because I got told like Wendy like it's the middle of the summer Oklahoma as hot as hell over. And because we're fort silva, it's just north of taxes. Like you take a plane from uh, Houston and like an hour, like a prop plane and you land in this little crappy airport and law in Oklahoma. So I'm doing my physical fitness awesome. Like cold and windy. No shit. There's like a funnel in the distance. Straight up tornado thing. Like, like, like a fall going down to the ground sucking thing.
Like
you're seeing that movie twister. And I'm like, so I asked like I'm like, I'm still doing this or he's like, you better run fast fast as I ever ran two miles in my life. I did two miles and 12 minutes and three seconds. Yeah.
Okay, we're done. We go inside now. They're like, OK, everybody inside and it just went off somewhere. But literally there's nothing, there's nothing there. It's like prairies,
it's
Thousands of acres. You would drive. I think the nearest town from the base was about 15 minutes and the only reason existed was because it was literally where everybody on base went to go through stuff. Other than that there was nothing, there were like five people that were actually from the area. Oklahoma, Oklahoma, Oklahoma was horrible. I mean it's pretty, but I mean I had nothing and then I was in south Carolina that was okay except as humid as shit. So uh except for that, it wasn't that bad, was up in new york by fort Drum. That place sucks because it's like an hour away from Canada, literally when it's like in the winter time you get like five ft of snow
and it's just like you're not going anywhere, you're bundled up. The raccoons are like this like the thick, the size of a small german shepherd. They have no fear. They try to break into everything and try to steal your food features. Uh huh.
No, but again, that was, that was the town that had nothing now. Like military bases have nothing. It's a town called Watertown. It's
literally this little blurb and every the town exists purely for four drum,
that's it. And then we and we never, we never went to Watertown because it was such a podunk. We all went across the bridge went to Canada Because right across was Kingston and it's like call I mean then I was like 18, 19, which is the drinking age in Canada. So that worked out well. So so we're just going Kingston's like a college town. So I remember getting blasted drunk and we went to a strip club and it's not quite sure of Canadian etiquette because in Canada there dollars or coins, they're
they're
called looney called loonies. So, and then they have a $5 bill, which is the next denomination. So I'm like, I'm not gonna $5 build anyway. I don't care if it's Canadian money, not 19, I'm broke. So we put the coins on the stage, You never saw somebody so pissed off. They kicked me like you stupid americans kicked the shit back in their face.
They're
like
quite fine. I'm
like, I'm sorry. I don't know. They're like, no, you're supposed to get the $5 out. Hell no, I'm sorry. I'm not going to be a Canadian etiquette
list.
Even if the exchange rate at the time it's like $3.50.
Looks
just
like everything
we're drinking. They were there because they wanted, they would love taking american money. They had no problem with that Because they were like, Okay, it's like $3 for a Molson. Like, you know, you can pay American money. I'm like, OK fine. Meanwhile
Really giving them like $5. Yeah, I was like, what a racket
I
snapped.
It
was a nice town enough. I mean it was funny though because every single like, you know, we have monuments and everything like that to like the Revolutionary War and the war come. They had all these monuments from like when America invaded Canada during the Revolutionary War. I would say like, you know, here brave crown forces defeated the invading americans. I'm just like, what the fuck? This is not the way my history is written. No, no, no, no, no, I can't be. But no, everything was like, you know, and here in 1812, some general whatever from America tried to invade but they were defeated by Lord whatever. Like I'm like this is not what I'm supposed to be saying. I'm like
now. Oh. Mhm
Yeah. So, I mean it
was
nowhere nowhere in candidate. Well, that's why you're right, you're right next to it.
18
by
families.
you got angry
Canadians. No, you got the ones that refused to speak english.
Well,
I remember.
You
should just be like Celine Dion.
So you know uh Oh
no, that's cool.
That's a lot
of things
you
guys, because you're on one of the great lakes, right?
Yeah. Lake michigan, you know, if you go across that here
in Canada. Uh huh
Wisconsin. That's at the making of murder,
serious. Yeah.
Yeah.
I did. I figured out what it's all about, joe exotic for like the first two months of the pandemic.
We
must free him. I'm like carol Baskin. You definitely killed her first husband. I don't think so. 1st. And I think she didn't.
Who?
no, I think she did. Absolutely. She killed him. He was like his music video. She killed them and send them to lyon.
You
don't, you don't, you don't tell me some. First of all, you're wearing a flower hair dress thing and you're like cats and kittens and uh funny thing. The first time I talked to on one of these prolific things, she was from florida and her roommate in college actually internship at carol Baskins zoo.
yeah, that, that was right when the netflix, I'm like, shut the fuck up. She's like, yeah, I'm like, is she really like that? And she's like, oh no, he's not. He said the girl, she's like, she definitely killed her husband. She's out of her mind.
I'm like
she's she's like the second husband, he's just like brainwashing doesn't do anything.
Think
about
it.
I
never would have watched that in a million years. You couldn't have
paid
me enough to watch
some raging eccentric gay Zookeeper Home who makes his own music videos, which I found out. He doesn't even sing
in them. He's
dub
doesn't even say stubs them. And then all this craft was like there's fires and he's trying to hire a hitman for three grand to drive down to florida and then hit me. It's like fuck this, I'm just taking the three grand leaving, How does this even exist?
Like it's crazy that he's married to two people at the same time
dude.
Yeah. I'm like I don't even know how that were. And the one guy is sitting there with his shirt off the whole time, missing his tea. I'm like, I'm like,
you really
put on like, you know, your full like, you know, you really got dressed up for this interview where you're like, you know what? I'm looking to keep my uh my partials out, keep my shirt off, lounge on here and talk about like, you know my like, what the fuck? Yes.
What?
It was such a disaster. I couldn't get over it.
No,
I mean I could care less about, but it was so like, and then like, they have that woman who got her arm bitten off. Oh my God is wearing a fucking MT jacket. Nothing to do with being an E. M. T. He's wearing a jacket with sergeant stripes. Uh huh. He's like, here's a coworker that just got an arm bit off. Like we need to call that. Well, no shit, you need to call the ambulance. I'm like I'm like how this is actually exist.
Oh my God. And then I finally got like 22 years in federal prison
was like
holy shit.
He
ran for president. I looked up, I looked up like all this joe exotics on Ebay but there has to be the cds and shit. He was selling the store. They had like the condoms he put out when he was running for president. They were going for like $500. Yeah, they
had that, they had shirts that were made up from the store and everything was going for like a grant. Like 500. Like shut the fuck up. But what are you doing with a joke about a condom from 2007?
Yeah, I guess. I mean it was just crazy. The whole thing I'm like it's not cleaned up nicely. I don't know. I don't know. I need to carry a gun everywhere. He went and started shooting shooting couches and stuff.
that's
it. Look, I know you're in Oklahoma, but you know I'm a cowboy. Oh. Oh, so how is the south side of Chicago by the way? Is it really? As bad as they make it out? Really?
scott.
that bad? No. Said
something
over grandma Sounds like the way New York was like 20 years ago.
No,
probably 30
course.
Now are they doing like again, my frame of reference is shameless. So I apologize for that, but I'm like, are there like, do people like
gentrify the sofa,
like buying up like the old buildings and redoing them and like having a bunch of hipsters moving stuff like? I don't know.
Because they did, they did like over here they did that with Harlem were like yeah, because it used to be a shit hole, and then like, all the like tech people and artists never think moved in and built it, and you can't even fucking live there Well, like a studio apartments like three grands.
Wake
up service.
That's a status. That's insane. Uh martin
an average price for an apartment in New Jersey. Like where I'm in the northwest, like I border new york and pennsylvania, like, like little corner if you met Um
I'm
literally
I'm stuck in the corner, I'm 15 minutes if I go to the left, I'm in Pennsylvania in 15 minutes. If I go to the right, I'm in New York state. Um
Yeah, I mean it's cool. I mean there's no reason to go in pennsylvania or new york state, but most people in New york state is extremely rural. There's nothing there except
in
the city.
No, no like new york like off on the coast where new york city is like Manhattan, that's cool. Like you go up to New york state, it's all wineries and like fuji,
how
is it? Mm
There's there's really no purpose of good new york state unless you're going on vacation like fishing like that. They have the finger lakes and wineries and stuff like that. Um But here is like, like a two bedroom apartment, probably like 1400 bucks.
Exactly, So it's not, but again you're like 45 minutes away from New York, but if you lived in New York you'd be paying at least twice that much for.
No, I love something, I mean I've uh is my kid plays soccer more towards the east, like in Bergen County which is close to new york all this and stuff like that and so like I'll be talking to the kids there and they're like oh you know he's pulled a house for like $600,000. Uh Well and everything like that, we've got like You know like a 500 x five a lot and I'm like I'm like I have like a half an acre of land and they're like what?
And I'm like yeah I lived two counties over like It's like $250,000 and spar Um like 3000 square we well
what?
And I'm like yeah you're 30 minutes away from me, so I don't know, you just spent almost more than half a million dollars to,
but you want the zip code, it's all about the zip code, We watch real housewives of New Jersey. That is accurate.
if should you ever run into that on, but I think it's on bravo that that is like right in my area like I've they go pumpkin picking by my house and they I'll sue. Yeah but it's very like when you see like the mega mansions and all that crowd, that's Bergen County, that's that exists and you go to Southern New Jersey and completely fucking different. Like they don't sound like me. They have like some sort of weird southern, we call them chinese because it's all because the pine barrens, it's all pine trees and sand down there. So uh they associate everything with philadelphia. Like New Jersey doesn't have its own idea. They hear their new york or philadelphia. So for Jersey we're all new york city Yankees, mets, all that crab south Jersey, they're all about the eagles, the Phillies, all that stuff.
But then if you go to the coast, like if you go to like Long Beach Island or anything like that, like the shore, then that's full of people from the north that moved down south have beach houses. So now you now have a alcove of northern people that speak like us down the south.
This is messed up. It's it's literally three hours from end to end With 10 million people crammed into it and everybody's like got their own culture, everybody hates each other. They were more somebody from the south, you just can't like him. It's just wonderful. Like he said, like, you know like the sopranos, I'll never forget when I joined the army, they're like nobody from new york. I'm like no, I'm from New Jersey. Well you sound like you're from new york. I'm like I'm not
I'm from New Jersey. I'm like, I understand it's literally a 45 minute drive away. But now you're all of them. You've actually been to new york and he heard somebody from Brooklyn talk Bronx. Like no, you can't even understand those people. Yeah, I got there actually is horrible. They're like, they're like, oh yeah, go, go pop the call over there, Tony.
It's the same thing with like Staten Island. Staten Island. It's all nothing but like super like, like uh Jersey Shore. That is everybody from the that is Staten Island. That is literally and the Jersey Shore is with Staten Island's like everything marry on the half shell for their little movie. Nothing. Everybody's got a lighthouse for some reason. The front yard, like everybody is interrelated with everybody. Like the house is three ft away from each other.
But you know somebody who knows somebody who's like connected to something you like? Yeah. You know, it's like spaghetti sauces and called sauce. It's called gravy, which makes no fucking sense.
Yeah. Really? Oh no, no, you gotta pass the gravy. I'm like gravy. It's for a fucking turkey.
I saw something, it's red. It's sort of like that. Some applesauce. What's wrong? He used to not, I'm like this is for Syria.
I'm like, I'm not italian, I don't get it, I'm sorry. Yeah.
Yeah.
Very interesting.
that's fine.
Deborah careers. My Well look at 35 minutes. The shit work out. Well what are you drinking in? Nice chardonnay?
What?
I don't I don't know shit about. I like recently that's it. That's the only
it's
not, I don't know. Just like you read the wine, I'll let you go for this, but like you read the wine labels like I got a bottle of white wine in there, it's like hints of orange
and vanilla and I have never tasted a hint of shit. And why?
it's either bitter shit or just it's like a white like, you know, it's sweet and goes down your gun.
You know, there's like in some smoky wall and I'm like, what the fuck? No, there's none of one. It's all lies. Like who are these people?
Mhm. Why why would I want to drink a smoking walnut?
I'm like who are these people? So like, you know, it's got a 98 from wine spectator but only $12. It um Okay, that's what I
do.
I fall into the trap of buying it based on a little uh little cards. They have
labels, they're like, oh you know these are things, I'm like oh that sounds the ice and I'm separated
it's garbage. Whoever's giving these wrecks. That sucks.
Uh huh. Alright. I shall let you go and enjoy your evening. So
it was,
but
I'm
so happy that you got your $15 finally.
Hey, I'm listen, I'll take the head. It's okay. I've done, like I said, I've done it. I can't believe you've been shut out twice.
3rd
time one. There you go.
You too. Take care.