Okay. All right. Uh huh. Oh cancellation. But they don't have about 24 hours, five minutes, five minutes, five minutes. This is for like I have fucking have a conversation with somebody for 25 minutes and then do a 20 minute survey. $15. I am not. Uh huh. Yeah I have. Mhm mm. Uh It's a dollar 50 For me to just leave it open for five minutes. Probably everybody happened to me that you guys. I got my point for that guy didn't show up tonight. Yeah, This one you only get the dollar 50 if you show up. So ma'am, I'm spend a minute of course. Is he there?
Okay. This is it's a little bit different. Um So where are you at?
Oh I'm in Ohio.
Hey guys everybody is stuck inside out there too. Yeah.
You have quite a bit quite a bit of people out there and they said san Francisco is really bad. Mhm.
I don't know what yeah. Like I'm doing mine on myself and it's not supposed to be but yes I think I cheated. I don't know. Uh huh.
Um Yeah. No it's do you actually know anybody that's gotten sick? Mhm.
That's what I don't think really. Very many people know anyone who's gotten sick.
His I'm obviously you do surveys so I'm sure you've been asked that to do you know anybody that is sick or have
it asked me all the time. Have you know um It's kind of strange so that they continue to ask it. I don't think all viruses as bad as it it's cracked up to be. Uh
It
might
be
Yeah. My daughter wishes that. Uh huh. She
is.
she's
Oh yeah yeah. My daughters In the 5th grade and she's just ready to go back. She misses are
no, that's really going to affect a lot of people. It's pretty much destroying the economy. Yeah. Mhm
you're out of two. Yeah
it's like just an open random conversation. My wife, she's like is that what you have to talk about him like? No it's pretty much just a random
converse.
Yeah it's uh oh did you say you want to say hi, Doesn't want to be on camera. Uh huh. No she said hi, I do interviews. Yeah no I do interviews that have an actual yeah she does like a focus group type interviews that have they have a premise at least.
Yeah this is just Mhm. Something I don't
know
something.
Yeah it's from that better up labs which I've done stuff through them before but it's never been open ended like that. I
know
uh about a year. Let's go. Uh no this is just a random person. Yeah she's just here for the $15. I mean it is a pretty simple way to make $15.
What's
that?
We
will work.
I don't. Mhm. I don't think she's really like really outgoing people person either. She is pretty uh right. Not uneasy but like okay, that's weird. Right? Yeah. She uh my wife is actually pregnant with twins right now. Mhm.
It is, I mean it's really neat to, we know that pretty high percentage that they're going to be identical plants because they
they share a placenta, so it's pretty much a guarantee. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. So I haven't been able to go to any other appointments. They won't
let.
It isn't like nobody. So that kind of sucks because he missed out on that part. Yeah. She said so whoever actually watches these conversations can take note of that is I don't think I'm supposed to be doing and on the phone, but like I think she's probably on a laptop or something
because mine's pro mine is probably pretty shaky. But no, I mean, how long have you been a prolific? Mhm.
Ah Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, it really depends on what you do with your profile. Mhm.
I ain't usually, it's pretty regular that right, About what, five, lbs a day. So I don't know for taking Maybe a 1/2 hour out of your day. Yeah,
it's broken up too. So I mean it's coming here a couple of minutes there and uh
yeah, I probably need to do a digital detox, but uh Mhm. Yeah, it's It's maybe what about 150 lb? And
I've been on prolific that long. I've only been on prolific about four months. So
I
mean,
it,
yeah, it's not a lot, but it's it will definitely, it helps.
Oh yeah, I'm spread across quite a few the with
lipstick
and then there's a couple of points sites. Bitcoins, that point apply. That's one. And uh, you know, obviously like the swag bucks, we
heard of that.
Yeah, they probably have billboards out there because they're based in California, I think. Yeah. So
uh they should, I mean they make quite a bit of money. Uh
that inbox dollars. I mean, there's like eight that I do. So
just a definitely doesn't replace word. It would be nice. But uh
there are
relative,
yeah, they're definitely relevant to the individual person and uh you don't have to do screeners all the time. Yeah, constantly put on your birthday. Um So what are you majoring in?
All right so,
well you'll definitely have that's probably why you have quite a few surveys in and of itself. Probably quite a few I. T. Surveys. Uh
Yeah. Oh yeah it's definitely yeah you get to teach yourself. Uh huh. But then somehow pay for it so
they didn't.
It
was yeah labs and everything, everything's online. But
you definitely should get one eventually because there's no physical cost for the labs online. I mean you're not paying for anything anyway material anyway. I don't know how much there really would be with computer science states but
I mean I could
understand that it's computer science. Um No I uh only temporarily went online but I've I've been working less in my life so. Uh huh.
Uh Construction actually. Uh mickey tracker.
Yeah, it's pretty slow right now. Yeah, bud. It pays fairly decent. Uh I enjoy I've always enjoyed fixing things problem solving.
I
wanted
to get
who?
Oh yeah, as soon as possible it's open. They're just kind of feeling it out. There are gonna be too hasty, which I can't blame him. Uh I'm pretty taking care of right now. But
you know, like I wanted to go back to school for engineering more than a either electromechanical or straight electronic engineering
because
that's the way everything is going to. Yeah. But
yeah, that's where I would start. I mean, you can go pretty far with just one associates. Right?
Yeah. They're taking the same thing, but because it comes on a slightly period piece of paper, get to pay more. It's I don't know. I think having an associates you can get into the workforce faster and right you know then you in turn you can get some other uh some other help, some other assistance. A lot of employers help if you are in that field. Yeah. Which.
Hi.
organic. Your credit hours for could be the same for multiple different certificates and degrees. It only gets you a fraction of the time to get the next two year degree. And you know So you can you can spend four years at the community college and come out with like 9°.. Oh
Which say I mean you can definitely use that to your benefit and most of them are Like good for three years 3 or four years before uh before you have to take it again if you decide to put those credits toward another degree. But I mean I can't help but news, but do you get any, you're obviously asian descent someone. Yeah. So this question is coming. Do
you
have because of that? I mean the,
the
buyer,
do
you get,
Yeah. Do you, do people act any differently towards you or?
Guys are like a fool, but
completely
hungry.
No,
no.
Well, you sound like you're more than likely american born.
Yeah. So that's right. I don't know. That's, it's kind of unfair. Yeah. Well, but I mean it is, you can't, can't really do too much about it unless other people know.
Oh, yeah. I wouldn't be there. You're, you're good. That would be the brightest place to be. Um, yeah, I didn't, didn't mean to be offensive or anything. I just, I,
I
want
myself.
All right. That's good. I did. And definitely you can't blame china just because it came there came from there. But
Hi.
I am.
This
is not a proportion Incredibly. I keep uh checking online. Like see I had a survey through prolific that went on for like it was 11 separate surveys for 33 days and it was about the virus and it tracked multiple different countries. Uh, the death toll and infected or not. And you think it's not that different than what pneumonia or influenza already causes. So why are we bothering? Yeah, I think it's mostly because there were, there were some studies done that americans were saving more money than ever. We had $21 trillion dollars in savings accounts. So it's almost like it got this lockdown got stretched out just to like get money back into the economy in a roundabout way. And then coincidentally Visa also applied for their patent. Well, they got their patent for a Cryptocurrency, which is a central, it's not decentralized though. It's, they will literally be taking cash off the street. Oh no, they'll take together actual banknote from circulation
uh in the serial number that's associated with it. That was beyond google. And just, I just opened up the chrome browser and it's right there. I'm like, oh that's that's good. Okay, because
you
know,
trump.
yeah. Yeah, it's not, I don't think it's not bad. I mean, how many natural uh how many people have died of natural causes in the same amount of time? Uh huh. It's, I don't know and I think it's blown out of proportion, definitely.
Well,
That's
fully,
yeah. Yeah, even though it's boring, it turns out it's a benefit to be living in Ohio, there's not much to do it. Oh, it's not that, but
it's
not
Yeah, my dad. Oh, well, yeah, I guess you only live once, but uh you're trying to make it significantly shorter period of time. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I don't think that we can really tolerate this as uh species. This is a basic, right? His naturally people tend toward uh camaraderie or friendship type of association basically. This whole thing is taking the humanity right out of humanity. The whole idea is pretty much worthless. Went
there
are some
people
that are, they go stir
crazy.
here this
is
not
like
you'll be okay, but some people really just can't handle that isolation. I feel bad if it was like somebody by themselves, which I don't know, are you? You're
just
all right. Yeah. So you're not completely losing it,
but probably having more arguments pill. Yeah,
that's
Daddy. You find out you really don't have that much in common with that was deep or like what really gets on others, other people's nerve. It just creates uh the situation for more arguments. Yeah. Which turns out that this virus is more destructive than just killing people. And the ones that are left are going to have have like
I would really hate to be to be a business owner right now because it would be very difficult because you're gonna feel responsible for the employees that you have and try to pick. Not a lot of small businesses have a lot of, you know, they're not in the black very far, they don't operate with a large profit margin. So there's been, you know, some help from the federal government, but it gets exhausted so quickly, you know? Yeah, the federal deficits pretty bad. But you know, the private deficit is actually wait. Uh
wow. What did you do? Like what
was, oh, a cafe
so he opened up for like take out? Yeah,
it's like everything
is soup.
out there. They had a different mandate, like you're supposed to have gone if you're outside.
Thank you.
No.
Well, yeah, that kind of makes him a hypocrite.
definitely.
Yeah. I mean, have you wore one of those mass for a long period of time?
Yeah, it's
it's pretty difficult. Like if it's just a plain mass, that's all that's solid. Uh huh. Yeah, it will progressively get harder and harder to breathe through it. Yeah, that's
one
of the fact
that one.
yeah, I see a lot of people here, not just with a bandana around their face.
It is. I mean as long as you're not standing around in front of people when they're coughing or sneezing you should be decent and if you stay away from scratching your eyeballs or whatever. Mhm. Keep your fingers away
from yourself pretty much. Um Yeah, the man, I have a couple of mass at work that are different. Uh actually have a charcoal cartridge. Wait,
they're a respirator. They're not actually a dust mask. Yeah, even the regular dust mask that has the valve in the front. That would be better. Yeah.
Yeah. You would be those, there's neutralize a lot of stuff to the active charcoal to right.
I don't know. It was definitely been kind of interesting doing this. Yeah. I mean I wonder if this was maybe a study toward like how beneficial it would be for people to connect this on like almost a blind date level because there's a lot of people that are suffering night. Yeah, mentally we're like being inside by themselves.
How willing they are to interact. Yeah, I just saw people for the first time
in
months.
Yeah. Yeah, pretty much. I mean if I didn't have kids and wife, I would be pretty much silent. Yeah, not too much reason to to do otherwise, but I'm kind
of glad
that it.
Yeah, because they obviously connected us and we're pretty far removed. Listen,
Yeah, you're, I'm pretty much just off center, a little bit of the men. Um I don't know a lot of stuff goes through Ohio there and they say it's like within 600 miles of 60% of the North American population. Look
that's why we have so many warehouses. Mhm. But I don't know it's definitely been kind of interesting. I was
uh good luck to you know that I don't know how long it's been. Yeah. Uh huh.
I don't know I do have a couple of things to do but I'm sure you do too man.
I said I'm sure you have a couple of things to do. I do to I
actually
have to have to go get my uh my mother in law's dinner so I do it
alright you too. All