whatever were you also expecting nobody to show up today? Yeah
that was mine as well. Maybe this is maybe this is how we end up paired, it's like these people have had to have five. Uh
Yeah I think that's probably true. Oh well it's worth it. How many of these have you done so far? I'm just setting
timer
by the way.
um I think this is my 5th one but I feel like I had like 20 tries or something so like really it really was has been like each time there's a bunch of tries and a bunch of mrs and um yeah so um yes it's good though. It's a how did you like your other ones?
See? Excellent. So what do you do when you're not talking to strangers on the internet?
I do a lot
of studies to,
no I'm not
no.
Uh No I let my husband do that and then I just get the overflow easier that way. So where are you?
I am in Chicago. But
I I lived in California for about Well 18 years or so. So I miss it out there. Northern and southern. Sure
central. Are you in the central Valley?
Okay that's fair, that's fair. Um I lived in san Francisco. I did uh graduate school of Davis so um and I used to drive from san Francisco to visit friends in L. A. And Palm springs a lot. So I feel like I probably passed by your part of the woods there
many times. Um
But
it's
it
it's true some of it is some of it is uh I know God I know that that some of the some of California is just hot and dry and really really rough. So.
Yeah. Yeah but at least so cal deals with their earthquakes when they happen. Uh No I'm serious. I mean uh well like so I happened so I was there So San Francisco at Loma Prieta in 89 and then um I can't order is called. But the the other one in uh the big one in L. A. was like in 95 I think maybe right by the time the big one in L. A. Had happened, san Francisco still hadn't fixed any of the like bridges that have fallen down and like all of that and L. A. By like three weeks later seemed to have rebuilt freeways and done it. You know san Francisco is a a city that spends a lot of time thinking about things.
Mhm. Yeah I I think it's because san Francisco Really well first of all it's small because it's only seven square miles. But I also think it's that san Franciscans like thinking of themselves as something different than they actually like living. So so like so I lived in san Francisco so I can take this on myself. And then I felt this way to like uh you know, everyone is supposed to be nice to everyone, everyone's supposed to care about all human beings, It's very sort of uh very sort of hippie and loving and all of that, except nobody wants anything near them. So it's you know, it's this weird kind of thing where they san Francisco is just, I feel like they have an internal monologue where they fight well with themselves all the time about this stuff. So anyway, I should shut up now.
Yeah. No, no. Um So uh so do you, well actually I'm gonna I'm curious as to uh you said you do other studies, do you have like a like a favorite kind of
interesting?
then you
get
16
pence or You get
like 16
pants?
That's nice. Yeah, that's great. Um
Nice, nice, judaize it through a center there or is it, you know you have to remember
Chicago. Soon to see her. It would help if I could spell
solar systems. Yeah
it's going to happen systems, yep. Excellent. Well thank you for this. I will um We won't tell the people that prolific that we're cheating on them or that I'm cheap.
No,
no, no definitely. Um Yeah.
Well
and you know they're they're not paying any attention anyway. Uh
I there's a lot of training ai going on right now though and it um ah I love the concept but sometimes in practice it freaks me out a little bit.
Yeah. It's amazing. Um It's amazing how fast that's developing to like I feel like a I was the thing on the future of the future for really like just just the next big thing for a long time and then it just, you
know,
and
it just
jumped the
shark.
Yeah, I used to um I worked for a subsidiary of Apple for the first part of my time out and California and you know, all of these things just, it's sort of mind boggling to me to think, well, I worked at Apple when Apple used to lose huge amounts of money every quarter. It had this brief period of time where it just like would lose a billion dollars a quarter. And
and all of the publication would talk about how he's going to close the end of Apple, It was never going to happen. And steve jobs came back in the ipod and ipad and all that and but I, you know, it's just so amazing to me to think about like music. That's a great example how much the consumption of music has fundamentally changed and like in the last 30 years um Thanks. Um I just
I
know
you know I mean it's Wait eight track tapes or
you don't know what the Oh my God, so eight track was do you remember when there were there were VHS tapes and data max
tapes?
Okay. Okay. That was your childhood. Well they introduced to different technologies at the same time Betamax and VHS betamax was a much better technology. Bs BHS had a much better marketing was cheaper. Everyone used BHS Betamax the better technology just died. Um But cassette tapes and eight track tapes only did playback But they really had like eight tracks and so and it would change track just wherever the first track ran out. So like in the middle of the song you would hear this like a funk as like track one fell out and track to came up. But it could be like in the middle of a song it wasn't just between things and so it was a horrible way to do this and they were big and they were clunky. And um cassette was probably the thing that should have one there. But I
don't know.
Well
that's true but cassette settler had a good long run. Um Now do you so were you still using floppy disks when you were?
No. No.
Okay. All right. And what year are you in college?
Yeah lots of things aren't looking great right now. Um It's funny I was just talking to my best friend who is a professor at Madison and she was talking about how I was. So her um her son just started college this year. So he graduated in the spring when he didn't have a graduation. He started college when you know there's no college to be there really. And I was talking about to have rough that class at it and she's like no it's the graduating class because the job market just sucks and I was like, I don't know. Um I graduated from law school in the middle of a bust, so I totally I get it. Um
sort of. Yeah, I mean I am a lawyer I guess.
But right now I feel like I'm just uh like a housewife pretty much because you know with the pandemic, well a shut in or something, you know like um with the pandemic it's just been hard to not be stuck um and much more than I would like to. So um do
you have any do you have any in person classes at the moment or is everything online
or?
Yeah. There's been a lot of really dumb decisions that people have made, like people with the power to make dumb decisions that affect people so um
host.
Mhm. How did you like, how do you like college? I mean I guess it's been, last year has been weird but
so this really hasn't changed anything for you
this pandemic. And
yeah. Do you, were you ah is college near home or were you, were you off somewhere
living?
Well but you know you can be super far from where you live in California and still be in California. So I mean
I didn't pick someplace super far from home, at least for undergraduate,
but that's well I mean far enough that I lived, I went to boarding school and then I went to college and so both were within sort of an hour or drive of my parents, but both of which I lived at instead of living with them because we probably all have been dead decades ago, if that had happened, it was terrible. Um so uh yeah, but it is, I mean it is, I don't know, I think it's nice, I think that I think that I appreciate like living at home would appreciate living at home and saving the money and all of those things, but I do think, okay, when you're not in a pandemic, like the socialization and the growing up that happens in
the four years,
yeah, save the gas money and, and, and, and just get to start to meet your people, whoever they are going to be, You know like you know at home you sort of have the the folks that you grew up with or you know your parents friends. I mean there's a lot of other things that start start to form friendships and relationships and I think once you're sort of out of college, especially if you go to a place that's fairly large, you know, you start to be the sort of driver of all of those things in a different way than you are. So um it's good. I mean I I still a large percentage of my friends are the folks that were in my dorm, my freshman year in college. So
yeah, we were it was pretty close but yeah, so so
Well that's good. That's good. Are you at school, are you at college with a bunch of people from high school or or no, Do
you know?
Excellent. I had 42 people from my high school graduating class in my freshman class. So yeah, it was different, I mean it was weird because my freshman class was huge, but like 1600 people, but it was still rare for anyone to have that many people they came knowing and so that was that was convenient. Yeah.
Yeah. Um So um so can I ask what your what your major is or what your
Well I don't think, I don't know, I think that I don't think it's really should be a feminine or masculine and certainly there are more men. Um
But
um so does this does this put you behind sort of switching your focus
or were you able to sort
of?
That's good. So you're december graduate or you still have
to go to the
spring?
so sort of on track. Yeah. Um I uh it's how so how many, like what percentage of your department are women versus men,
Yeah. Yeah. Well there's been such a focus on trying to, you know, um encourage girls into stem and all of that, but
well
you seem
to like
it.
I mean
it's
slowly, slowly, but yeah. Um So have you always lived in California? Have you lived other places too
Everything California, you have a desire? Like are you looking for jobs outside of California? Are you going to stay or is it just if anyone will play me to do some work, I will do it
wherever.
Yeah, but you know, you have a, you know, you have things that are, I mean just the fact that you're a woman in a stem field um is a, is a benefit to you, especially as you're starting out. So um I think that's, you know, um you know, I think you seem very smart and you seem very uh together, so I think you'll probably find that you can, you cannot do pretty well in the job market, but you
know, it's always
hit or miss. Yeah.
yep. Well that's why I like a lot of these study things um I get kicked out of because we're not kicked out of, but like going through a screener pretty much as soon as I put down that I've got a graduate degree boom, you're gone. Yeah. Yeah, because, well, because I'm a white male with a graduate degree, that isn't exactly, I mean that's a group that's easy for them to over subscribe. So like if, I don't know if I get an email about something and it's later that day or the next day and I fill out the thing, I'm almost positive that I'm gonna get kicked out. Like after that crushed after they've stolen all my useful information and all my demographics, then they like ask that question and like oh no, your group is all filled.
yeah
focus groups and any of those kind of things where there's where there's a restriction or where they're trying to find some sort of balance. Uh But yeah I think especially focus groups, I don't know, I feel like I eat food just the way most other people you know like they're like or buy dog food or when you know but whatever. So do you do a lot of focus group stuff too or just
service?
Yeah. That's probably true
too.
but it's really funny. There's one uh
comfort.
Oh I love my husband do it and then he's like he's like do this one, I like this one are news. So yeah we do it. I mean we don't do it together, but it's helpful because we do um you just sort of um like pay attention to it enough so we're like hey prolific got that interview thing again or you know um and so you know, so we try to at least remind each other when the big things are happening, that's kind of nice.
But he yeah he's he's very good at finding this stuff online. He's a young man, he's only in his 40s. Um So
uh yeah
that
has no after you.
Yeah. Although there are the ones that come every once in a while that I find like That I find amusing, you know like once, I mean I certainly can't live off once every six weeks. I get a $3 gift card to target or whatever. But you know, those really do feel like found money because they're never very much work and they are
always
too
minutes or you know, give us your opinion about this app for that app and you, that's usually pretty fast. So yeah,
such as
I
guess
even
Even
they need
an extra 25.
I said I even even NFL players need an extra $20 now and then.
Mhm. My first year of law school, we had a one of the women in my class took a leave of absence to go be a an Oakland raider threat, A cheerleader for the Oakland Raiders, which I I had no idea how well cheer was. Never something that I found at all interesting, nor was football, so I knew very little about either one, but I had no idea that there was such a competitive world of cheerleading out there.
That's so wacky to me. I mean, it's like it's cool in some ways because I get a little tired of hearing about football, getting, you know, more money and you know, and you feel like some student athletes are definitely treated a lot better than other student athletes and other students. So.
Yeah. Yeah, right. I don't know, they it's going to be interesting to see. I think, I think you might see college athletics actually change coming out of, I think lots of things are going to change coming out of this pandemic. Um and I think it would be a lot of things that we haven't really thought about changing. You know, I think lots of people are contemplating like, well we all now work at home or will we, you know, go into offices or well, you know, studies mainly be online and all of this. But I think there's just gonna be some interestingly weird societal effects. I don't know what they are, but I think, well, you know, I think that every time there's a big something, it does have that impact.
It
yeah. I am. I was, I taught at a law school for about five years until a few years ago and it was amazing to me. I love my colleagues, but gosh, the lake, Some of them, I felt like I could not turn on their computers. Like if it, if it was, you know, and these really brilliant people, they're just like block. Like I'm too old. I'm 40, I'm too old to learn anything. It's like you're 40, plenty of time to learn new things, flip the switch. But um, yeah, it's um, and so I was the first one who was willing to teach online at the law school. And like, it was like, was like telling people you'd, you know, in discovered cold fusion or you'd like, and you know, invented the airplane or so it was like, they were acting like this was the weird, like this is such a major thing. It's like, no, no, everyone else is doing this. We're the slow ones, not the fast ones, but yeah, in fact, it was pretty funny. They still, so this was would have been like seven years ago now and say they still on the website, they moved the student hand book onto the website and it had a whole section on exam taking and the rules all that and, and still in the book, uh student handbook was that if you planned to type your final exams, you were required to bring your own typewriter and your own extension cord.
And I was like, um I mean, Even when I went to law school and I went, I went later, I went in my late 30s to law school, but even then everything was done on computer. You know, it's like there were half a dozen people would handwrite and everything else. So
I don't know.
Well nobody actually reads the handbook because I was like, the dean of students like that can't be right. And I'm like, it's right here.
So anyway,
well, you know, it's funny, I think that parts of it had like, I mean, we had endless discussions about the alcohol policy and then uh, university wide, there were there was uh, well I art dean was our new dean was fired for sexually harassing a couple of you think the dean of a law school would know better? Um Yeah, so like things
like that got updated very clearly. But yeah, I guess nobody felt like, you know, I guess if you wanted to take your typewriter, you're still welcome to hipsters. Maybe don't like
the
Yeah. Well then there was a while I feel like every coffee shop I went into would have like one hipster on like an antique typewriter that wasn't even electric, like carrying it around and it was like, like a set piece. So anyway, so my timer went off. Did your timer go off or
Two hours.
Yeah. Yeah. Um So, um well, I should get going
in.
It was nice
and thank
you
for
this
is
and thank you for showing up to. Yes. Yes. It makes it much nicer. I really hate that. Like sitting around thinking are they gonna show up or they're not going to show up for they?
nice to meet you and enjoy
Thanks
Youtube.