I think it's good. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah.
I have had no one show for two days in a row.
So I don't think they're doing like um they're not making new studies, it's just people re occurring and the people who got rejected.
this is
my 4th
1 I think. Oh yeah. Good idea. What about you?
they're pretty nice, you know the first few times are kind of awkward I guess just not knowing what to talk about. Um But it got better improved I think I'm better at conversations now.
Good question. Um I do more studies. No kidding. Um
I'm
I'm on the Reddit page, are you?
No that's
what I find most of these like tasks and uh you know money making websites.
I'm in California right now. What about you?
I'll
of central.
Um Not exactly, but I wouldn't really consider myself northern but I guess I'm more southern than Northern. Yeah.
I've
been all around in California.
God save the weather here is better than a other cities
other
other states.
So callous all earthquakes. Norco is all like fires and ash.
I think it's just because the city is kind of old, you know lots of their buildings are uh like antique, you know the victorian style?
No this is a conversation, you're supposed to keep talking.
Actually my favourite one is located in Chicago. Um you know what's called the University of Chicago? They have this online website where they do studies um because of the pandemic, it's all online right now but usually you would have to go to their campus in person by my friend who's going there and she recommended it to me and it's
like so effortless. It's like it's like this you log on and then you go on a zoom call. Um Sometimes it's with other participants. Sometimes it's just the just the creator of the study and then they make you like ask questions to a little interview kind of thing. Whatever the topic is I
would
definitely
recommend.
No
no no no
um It doesn't pay great but it's kind of like Usually because their studies don't run very long it's like 15 minutes and that's it and usually get up earlier but it's like $5 for 15 minutes.
I recommend you check it out. It's um at the beginning there's like there's lots of prerequisites you have to do like you know this online survey, you have to meet with this like supervisor or something. But once you get like the prerequisites done you're like free to do anything you want on the site.
Let me see. The U. R. L. Is just online. I just take in Chicago. It's uh type it into your google. It's Chicago. C. D. R. Dot sona. Um hyphen systems dot com.
Yeah. I'm sure you can spill Chicago if you live there.
hyphen systems.
No, definitely
not.
except for the fact that's recorded. But you know,
they're not, the careers aren't affiliated with prolific.
Sometimes I do wonder what these studies are like looking for. Is it like training A. I. Or is it you know, is it this website where they have a video call going on and they're testing that I've seen like theories.
Of course. Oh my gosh. I had this one where they were looking for people of color to do like jumping jacks and like squats and I'm like I asked him like, what's this for? Like you're paying me $50 to do like an hour worth of these kind of things. They're like oh we're training A I and I'm like a little bit more freaked out, like are you training ai for like gyms or something?
It just
came, It's
like
electric
cars
and Self driving cars, like Oh that's 50 years ahead and and here we are.
What?
No.
More
pathetic.
I don't know what those are.
that was
my childhood. BHS.
Well,
I've never heard of eight tracks, so I think cassettes still one, but both of them still lost, you know?
Cds,
No,
no, no, to get a sense of how young I am, I'm currently in college.
Mhm. I'm just about to graduate actually. Hopefully you get a job, but the industry is not looking great right now.
well, your, wow, what
sort of,
Yeah,
no,
everything's just online, they're not allowing person, which I'm thankful for, you know, someone had a brain on their head when they decide that.
so I'm
clearly just home right now, like with the parents, but otherwise I would have been at school on campus
last year, didn't really count, I guess, two years ago uh pretty long ago, um It's been pretty good, I don't think I've been as social that should be, I'm kind of just sit at home and few things online on my computer all day kind of person.
Well,
it has, I guess, but uh but I would say it's a lesser degree than most people.
No,
it's not, I purposely picked somewhere super far, we're not super far. It's still the same state, but I purposely picked somewhere away from home.
Well, yeah, that's what I meant. Yeah.
Just a local college.
All
The independence. I think that's way more important than just like staying at home and you know, have your parents driving you to college, Save the gas money and all that.
Thank you,
Maybe I missed that that window then because I don't really see in contact with anyone from my dorm, but like for my high school, they're still like, I'm still talking them daily.
No,
actually none of my friends from high school are going to the same college I am because it's way too far. Most people just decide to stay like three or four miles. 12 miles, but I chose to go somewhere super far and no one else from my high school came.
Uh, that's so
sure. I'm currently, well, I started off his computer science, but I realized that wasn't really for me. So I'm switching and currently doing computer engineering, not very feminine major, but I'm having pretty much fun in it.
right. I can
definitely tell from just just going to class
just
little,
it's still, it's still computer stuff, you know, I still take the basic ones of like, you know, calculates all the way up to, uh, a series. I still take physics and all that, so I was still kind of on track, but it hasn't pushed me back I guess.
No,
I'm
going to graduate spring. Yeah.
Oh gosh. I'd say back when it was in the coronavirus, we could go to class in person, I would say at least 80% was male. Like just even in the regular physical physics classes, you know, there's other majors in taking physics with you, but it's just very uneven.
I got onto that train I guess and I got encouraged
but I do
find
it.
Yeah, I do find something I enjoy and I'm glad I kind discovered it. But you know, if I didn't like have those experience in the high school where they had like programs urging women to to um to contribute and to participate and I feel like I wouldn't have gone down this path. So
you know,
their efforts are working
Yeah. I've always lived in California my whole life born here and it's moved around a bit but stayed within California.
I
mean probably any big city in the US, honestly, but California would be nice, you know that, I feel like that's where everyone alright in California's are aiming for and the competition must be high add on to the job freezes right now. It's going to be even higher
hopefully.
Hopefully.
I feel like through these chats I meet so many accomplished people and I'm like, oh, and you're also just on this website or need some side cash the same as, you know what, you know, with free time on their hands. Like I've met many graduate students. I've got to say everyone I've met, it's probably like some kind of, you know, has some kind of degree.
Over like focus groups you're talking about. Mm
hmm,
When I
do the focus group things. Oh yeah, yeah, for sure. And like I get that message a lot too, but I'm just starting to believe like it's not actually filled. it's kind of like we don't want you,
we're
not what we're looking for. Uh
Where do you look
for your?
I see. Oh
Okay. Yeah,
I have a Oh go on.
Sorry.
Uh I have, I have like a little group of friends and we we do the survey things as well because like basically the sign up for like 20 or so surveys and you get a message back from one, so yeah, you have to kind of just share around the ones that work or else you're not going to get him back.
like five
minutes
or so. Yeah.
Yeah, but I've met some interesting people and like that, some interesting things on focus groups, I'd say.
Um My favorite one, I don't know if they're still running, but like they ran for a bit, I found on craigslist but they were doing like a legal case and they're looking for jury, jury members and so like, yeah, so I did that one and then you know the property, introduce yourself home, I'm this name and I go to this place and I do this job. And then uh, one of the participants was an NFL player. So
that
was,
that was so interesting. They're
like,
we have
here. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah, I guess so. And I was like, hold up like I don't really know football at all, but I googled him up and I'm like, oh he plays for this thing that I've kind of heard of.
Mm. Yeah, it's pretty competitive. I already know this from my high school. I think my high school is like, like the money didn't go to football or soccer, like all the other sports all went to cheer.
There's definitely bias going on of course.
I feel like this definitely gave a huge push to technology. You know, even people who weren't
very technology literate, they're suddenly like push to use it. My professors for example, my parents who are not very good at technology now, they have to work online and all that. Yeah.
Oh my gosh.
Clearly
someone doesn't actually read the handbooks.
so
it probably hasn't been a, you know, change their modernist since the however long ago.
happen.
Bring
your own extension cord.
Yeah, I heard it. Um Well I was just looking at the fact that we started at like want to know your time is different, but we started at like the one mark you're three hours Ahead
to two hours.
it was
a great chat though.
We thought
that you
the
rest of the survey. Thank
you for showing
up.
I'm like I'll give you five extra minutes in case there late. You know, I can still get the payment and then you sit there and yeah, no,
you too. Yeah.
Have a nice day.
Check out the Chicago thing by.