Hey. What's up? Hey?
you're
falling asleep.
Me too. Me
too.
I had one
yesterday.
Yeah. Yeah. I think I'm saying that the connection wasn't working. It's like I've had a refresh and it finally works. Yeah.
this
is good. This is good. Right.
You
just
keep
saying
back up,
you just keep signing back up after the previous one.
Right. I think
I read that one. Right.
Exactly. I mean it's, it's easy money honestly. You know, I'm just hot somebody for 20 some minutes and fill out the little thing at the end. We get together.
Just a couple. I've just got a couple of, yeah. So I got a ways to go yet before I meet the quota. Do you know
how
are
we doing
for?
Right, okay. So it's like a total every batch. Is that the deal?
man.
Well maybe they just added one so you can get one more in, in case you're a cap.
that's
my
war.
I'm up in buffalo like of that selection.
okay. So you're just, you just need to hear
you're, you're just used to here. Then you're like
67 hours from here.
A little bit. A little bit.
I mean like if I view the whole map of the country I guess, you know, it's relatively,
Honestly it's
like just, it was like 15 minutes. It's not much of anything.
No, it's it's just kind of cloudy. That's about it. But it's really cold today. Like it was like 60 some, I don't know, a few days ago. And now it's like I was probably like 50 40 some something in there. It's fair out though. Sweatshirt weather,
it has been raining while or is it just kind
of
Uh Well, not much really today this weekend. My girlfriend's mom, she had the birthday, so he's going to go with her,
so
um well Elmira, so it's like it's like a couple hours,
so she's got to drive over there, it's not too bad, but it could be better. Well, she's going to do that and I got I got nothing, so yeah, just doing whatever. How about you? Mm
Oh, I didn't know that. Okay,
so here we kind of uh like do you like partnered with different like shelters to like a system?
That's cool.
Oh my God, how long is it taking to do one?
I got you,
my gosh, that's
So is this something you've been doing for long or just started
up,
but?
Right, right, so it's not just like a thought in passing like, oh cat out of the next thing like you, there's a lot more context behind, you know, reading encounter a cat on the street for you.
So it has some experience with people. It's God who otherwise it would be so trusting.
No.
Um I had a cat but she passed away oh I think about six months ago now, So I had her for 16 years and
I no longer have it. I didn't get a pet since then because just to school and so I don't right now, what about you?
yep. Sleeping.
that's
Right,
Territorial.
Right. Right. It doesn't matter like male or female, it's just like Pat. I don't
like
it.
You just keep them away just based on what you're saying. That's cool. How old is that?
is
going on. Yeah.
no. She's going by herself. I'll probably do sit around and play video games and
dude stuff. Right?
She's
like
you are going to like that really. She's like, okay. Yeah,
no, no, not at all. The thing is like with her mom, her mom kind of needs like the mother daughter time to. So like that will be a good thing for,
I mean her mama all the time, you know? So it's not like I haven't seen
her like I just
saw her last weekend. You know, she was down the president's birthday. So
I'm a big girl.
No, he's here all the time. So it's not a big deal and I don't go. Yeah. So I'll just, I'll just hang back and just do dude stuff and you know, things that normally like if you had other people around you would be able to do so much. So let's binge on that just hang out. Okay.
uh roughly. I mean things things are pretty chill like I'm pretty adaptable for things so I don't like it does bug me like we don't have as much many options of like stuff to do but I can always find something that I have interested to do an interesting. So you know, we'll just hang in and she works from home and I just do like I have clients that I just have no way and you know it works out and hear them either.
Yeah exactly. I mean it does take a hit on things and you kind of wonder like no matter what you're in, you're wondering going to get laid off at some point or here you have like a decrease in clients. Right? My camera is list, but yeah,
there are
always
those
concerns, but I mean, yeah, did the camera come back or is it all what she still
Okay? Yeah. So I mean you always have these concerns, but I mean, so far things are already, you know, plugging along and we kind of took advantage of it too. So we have just this house up in the finger legs, right at cayuga Lake. So we went there the whole time you were there for like six months.
Yeah. So it's like you're done with things now. You can go do what you want. Like, Okay, we'll walk 300 yards that way and there's the boat, right? Or
a few weeks? Yeah, like three weeks in because I mean at first like, you don't know what everybody's going to do, you know? And then when they kind of tell you like, okay, you don't need to be back here for months, you're like, uh okay, well I'm actually that go somewhere else instead of being in this place. So that's what we ended up doing. So we were down there the entire summer, like we just left their october when I started getting coal. But yeah, I mean it's like a, it's like a vacation spot. So like you get done with everything and it's like, okay, you can go out on the boat, you can go to wineries, you can go to breweries, you can, you know, you can do whatever. So that's what we've been doing and now now we're into the cold season we've been debating because like my mom has a house that she's never at, like she weaves for the entire pretty much the entire winter. So it's like you want to go and stay there, you know? So that's like our new debate. Yeah. It's like she was like this hot tub and everything we could take advantage of and we just lived there and just be us, you know? So that's kind of what we're debating now. So this hasn't been nagged. Yeah. You're taking advantage. Goodbye here.
I see. What do you do?
Yeah. My friend
that does
that.
Yeah. That's a bummer man. My friend.
That's
out of how many though,
And
you got
the whole
Well,
is that
usual?
What do you do with them? Are you like, are you like an a like an A V. Or?
So you're the merchant. You I got you.
Well, if
you want. Yeah,
that's next. That
looks for everybody
Yeah, I know. I mean and then you have obvious issues. Right? So how long is it going to last? You know because like some people get it twice in three months. So I mean if the vaccine the same way we needed every three months, you know that's a supply thing. And then who gets it first? And then I heard you needed like 70 below zero in order to keep it. Nobody has a refrigeration. Yeah.
So, well there's issues. You know. Unfortunately you and I are gonna get it first. You know, it's going to be I mean as it should be right.
Yeah. So I'm a personal trainer, right? Like your question on the side. I do personal string. So I went from you know, come and let's do this too. Okay, let's go to Skype and you know,
I mean it cuts into it. But you know, people still need an option so it works out to a degree.
know it's an economic answer. It's not really that because I think about it like when you're working out, you are breathing more frequently, right? What you project goes away the hell further, you know, and a lot more comes out. So this doesn't seem like a good idea at all. And then you have like a wet environment covered in sweat, right? Like all right. I don't know about the virus, but most of them they thrive in that type of thing. Like they don't die right? It kind of maintains them more because it's like warm and wet. So it's like you really got to be careful if you're going to do it. And then I'm also obviously our indoor right? So there are so many with that.
Yeah. Yeah. Did you see like those pictures? They're like people that like drew like circles. So they went to the park and everybody has their little workout circle. Yeah. I mean you do the radius around you like don't leave your circle so you don't infringe on your buddy's face. And that's how they socially distance everybody.
I
I don't know what it was. I just thought like white circles So you have like six Mitarai view in every direction and you were like a bunch of bubbles and everybody just get in that and then you have your people leaving you and that's kind of how they did it. But now it's kind of cold so you know I don't know what people are going to be in the winter. Probably is more remote stuff or get fatter. One of them do. Uh huh.
Yeah. I mean it just depends like the holidays I think are really going to split this because I mean, what do people do? You know, they don't, they all get together and then they sit around like just take thanksgiving, right? Like you have this plate of food and everybody goes to the plate of food and eats up a big pot.
We all do the same table and
mean, just
think about
it, right? Even if it's just like you go up to it, you either passing the dish or you're going up to it, right?
And then you're
all, you have the
same
open
container. What's that?
When you start thinking about it, right? So I think like because they're going to spike from these holidays, but then after hopefully it tapers down because people stay inside and don't go to many places, but I don't know. No, no,
definitely.
There's ways to do it for sure. I just know like some people just don't care, you know what I mean? Like they won't do those things even though there, you know, smart enough to do them. They just want anyway, my
nope, nope.
I have big like, okay, so what we do is we always do things I call them double cook, right? So we'll cook like meals enough for a couple of days and without hurt. Here, I have more
than one extra minute. So I have minimal cooking to do because like,
you
know,
that's the way to go because yeah, I don't I don't order how much because you don't know exactly what you're getting right.
Not not from like a covid perspective, but more like, okay, so how much butter did they use to make this? You know what I mean? You don't know how bad this is for you.
You just know it looks like this. Right? So I mean we we make most of our own food just you know, help. Yeah.
So I got a big old batch of something the I'll just be eating from and I'll probably make some eggs and stuff like basic stuff. Yeah. Nothing to graze me. You
order out of water, are you big cooker?
Oh yeah, that's not. Uh
So.
Mhm. Hi guys,
have you lost weight since you've been
not working?
mean the biggest thing is that his calories in calories out. Right. But the thing is just to give you an idea like the biggest diet tip I would give everybody is make half your plate program, half of it. Everything you ingest out of it to be protein. The thing is protein. How it processes the menu is different than something that's more carby. It may sound like the glass Munich index and how your body actually treats that and how much of it is going to store as fat versus you know, put it in immediate use for energy. It's different. Right? So if you make half of your plate protein, it's also more filling too. On top of that, you will traditionally lose weight a lot better than if you have this pretty much carbs. Um when you an idea also, if you don't have more protein in your your body doesn't really build much of anything for muscle and you'll usually be you know a lot less dense if you will. And if you have less muscle in here also your body the more you have in it. It actually burns calories just by existing of muscle. So you traditionally want to have more protein just to sustain what you have. Yeah, couple of thoughts.
that's true. That's very true. Yeah. I worked with some people, my my biggest loser, he's about £80 and he's kept it off like this entire time.
Even through Covid.
It took him one year.
He got it off in
The guy was like, you tell them anything, like you say you're eating this today. He says yes, sir. Like he's just,
you know, he'll do anything
you say, how old is he? He's late for things. I think it's 47. So
What's
that?
the latter. I mean, he just kept getting bigger and bigger and bigger and when I met him, he was this this huge dude, You know, he was like almost 300 some pounds. He's up to hundreds and now the dude, you know, he's he's not much more than I am and went, he's really sucked down.
Yeah, so I mean, but his disappoint was like, this is his life, right? No, like everything like evolves around that.
And
yeah, he cut it all off in
like a year. He did really good, that hasn't already
has his pants and he stayed on one leg of his old pants and he has the other leg out to his side and it's like twice as big as them.
He's literally half the width. He used to be,
Oh, he does, yes. And the older you get, the harder it is, you have that go away. Like when you're young, you, your skin, you know, it goes back to where it should be after you moved away, but after you get older older you get the harder it is when your skin to go back, Like Yeah, like some of it does, but so much of a state and get older. But that's another thing they tell you like lose all the weight you want and then go get the surgery. Like they won't let you get until you're fully done.
He's he's thinking about it, but he's not a very uh he's not very much about like the cosmetics and you know, what was that about? Looking
good to him? It's about like feeling good and what he can do now.
It is it is. And he sticks to it and interestingly, like he's trying to become of all things, he's trying to become a yoga instructor because he started taking classes in that he's trying to be an instructor in it. So, he's been going through like these certification programs, He's like making like fitness, like the cornerstone of his life now, So very
different, yep.
Yeah.
So
yeah, we're pretty good.
You're
going to sign up for the next one, Right? All right. So what it is, you go sign up right after this and I'll do the same and we'll see if we get each other. You never know. Maybe if you put it at the same time. Right.
Love is a dangerous hour. You might get that. That guy has been drinking since like, he got off from whatever, Right? It was absolutely terrible. You never know if you're going to get All right? No, it was a good