I want to Yeah. one of the ways in which, mm Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Right. Yeah. Mhm. I have nothing. Okay. 50 people. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. And just like that. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah mm. The president. Okay. Yeah. The world culture in the yard. Mhm. You're talking about Thank you. Yeah. Okay. Right. Thank you. Thank you. Are you sure? Yeah. Have you been? Yeah, just like that. Okay, sure. Mhm. All the time. Anything? Yeah. 40. Mhm. Okay. Oh yeah. Okay. You have to trade. Yeah. Yeah. What happened? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That was the problem. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. That we know, mm it's not it's, you know. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. More Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, careful. Think about that. Cool. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. The country. Mhm. Mhm. That's it. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Morning. Okay. Thank you. Mhm. Thank you compressing. Sorry. Yeah. Everybody Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? It's expected? Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. All the productions. Mhm. Mhm. Do you know what? Thank you, everybody. Yeah. You want your personal, so Yeah. Yeah. I know anything. Yeah. Yeah. Whatever. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Doesn't take long. Mhm. I want to put this. Mhm. Okay. Questions. Okay. Okay. To see. Mhm. Thank you for yeah. Mhm. For me. Yeah. Oh, I see. Thank you. Mhm. Okay. Exactly that people Right. Yeah. Okay. Places like, thank you. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Another thing, yeah. Okay. People are looking at this level. Thanks for having me over here. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. That's right. Mhm. Yeah. Just let me know. Yeah. Mhm. For this purpose. Yeah. Yes sir. Mhm. You don't not really strict. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Trip. Yeah. Okay. He was special. Mhm. Mhm. What's that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. No problem. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Thanks for helping. Okay. It's our people. Exactly. Yeah. People from the people. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mm Yeah. Yeah.
I'm glad you made it. I was like, I, I actually drifted off. I was like, man, because like uh at a
no show
at a no show yesterday to reschedule
and
I was like,
I
was like, dude, am I going to have another no show? Oh,
So how's it
going?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm glad. I think you're, you're my fourth uh conversation. So that's cool. How many
have
it
at
some point?
What's up?
Yeah, you could do seven totals. Yeah.
But,
but I was like, you know, uh I was hesitant like for a while I think I saw posted like two months ago and then like finally, like I'll give it a shot. But I seem to have like it seems like I got used to it and like after the first one I was like okay, this isn't bad at all, it's not super awkward. So I was like, I'll keep doing it. Fuck it, you know? So
How many have you done so far?
I
talked
to someone
that
like got to six and I think that was the limit. Um Last time like six. Uh
Yeah, I think no, I think it's cumulative. So even if you did three last time and then if you do another five for this time you're done. I don't think if they ever do it again, I don't think you could do anymore. I think seven,
but at least they added one because it used to be six and then now this time they're like you can do seven or something so I don't know I think.
I think so. I think
that's
how
weird. But yeah it's not bad. So where you living?
Cool. Alright. I'm in Brooklyn. Yeah.
What's up? Yeah.
South
southeast
What?
Buffalo though is like you're close to your close to Canada Man. Yeah.
Is
it raining over there right now?
Yeah. True. Yeah it's raining here. So
yesterday
uh yesterday wasn't bad, it rained a little in the morning, early afternoon and then like rain a little bit at night. But then I think it's supposed to taper off today. Yeah I mean it's not raining right now so yeah it's done but like the day before it was pretty much raining most of the day so. Yeah. So what you want to uh what are you up to today and this weekend? Anything? Uh
It's
like far. Yeah
not too bad.
I got to pick up a stray cat today from the bat. Uh Yeah I've been doing some spanish leadership in the area because Brooklyn is pretty insane with like the amount of cats on the street. Yeah.
Yeah they're all over the place, but then if you don't nip it in the bud, like they just keep on reproducing and it's like trouble, you know?
like rescue groups, like I I know like a fuel but like luckily uh one group is super nice enough to like they're like oh yeah like I'll set you up a couple appointments and we'll pay for the what needs to be done, and I'm like damn because like it's usually like 100 15 bucks a pop, you know at least 125 bucks. So they're the person that's ensure that's pretty nice. And like has helped me out and actually got a friendly off the street and I think the foster person is thinking of adopting her. So I was like oh they worked out like
it's cool so like I just got to pick the cat up tonight and then release it tomorrow.
They're going to have surgery today and then you're supposed to just like give it 24 hours and then if it's a it's a boy 24 hours and you can just like let him go and then it
will be fine, he'll be recovered. But like uh girls usually a couple of days so
longer because it's more intensive. Yeah
like
I've always um I think it's just started with like finding like you know like you know buffalo winters are
rough. Well I think a couple years ago uh there was a winter where it was like three degrees out in like 15 degrees out for like two weeks straight, man. Uh Me and my lady found like a cat on our block just in the alleyway and like some like makeshift shelter but it wasn't warm or anything. So he took that in and then it kind of like steam rolled into me kind of like seeing these colonies of cats like around two or three block radius of my house that I sometimes feel and stuff. And then sometimes I'll be like oh shit you know like if I see more kids come out that I was like man, so like I have to do something about it because if I don't do anything about it, other people aren't doing anything about it. Like, so yeah, it's been cool. Like, it's weird because like, after you start doing it and like learning about stuff, it's like a whole another world, like people who are on the street just see as random cats, like, oh, that's cool, Whatever. But then you see the different way, you're like, oh, that's cool. But like, do they have a notch on the year? Like, you know, like that means like there fixed, you know, they're not just running around like trying to like reproduce. Yeah.
And then you can tell like mannerisms and stuff like that. And like, you know, like if like there's a cat on the street that like just comes up to you and super friendly and lets you like pet the cat and stuff that's usually on, you're like, oh, that's weird. So you're like, what? Why is this cat like used to people? So maybe you're like maybe this cat got dumped like someone like moved or didn't want the cat and just like left it on the street or like uh stuff like that.
But like I mean some some cats like people let out you know like like and they just come back in their indoor outdoor cats, but that doesn't happen too
often and usually they have a collar or they're not as skinny, you know like you kind of tell like they're nice like their their first nice and shit. So you have any pets over there?
Damn.
Uh Well I don't have a cat when my lady does a real
dad. So yeah, he's
chilling hard. So yeah,
it sucks like we can't bring another cat in here. Uh Because he just hates other cats very like he likes being
by himself and being the only one.
He
seemed
to like like girls better, but we never had too many girls come in that we were able to introduce him to. So All right.
He's like four, so it's still
pretty up.
But like are you are you going away with your lady uh this weekend or she's going by yourself to the
damn.
Was that like, did she ask you like if you wanted to go And it's like, it's
chill
like
But she's not bump. She's not like okay.
That's
Short
question.
Oh shit. Okay. Good. Yeah. I thought I thought
I thought you might see her like just the holidays, you know? So it's like
How's how's the whole situation for you since March has been the same? Yeah.
At least you guys are both still working and stuff stuff.
At least
I
could do
you.
You're back now.
shit. Wait
like um when did you guys decide to head over there like a week after a shutdown or something? Okay.
uh Yeah I haven't been working, I won't be working until there's a vaccine pretty much so. Yeah,
I work in like live music so. Yeah that's done. I
was
actually
in europe when um the shutdown was starting about to happen so I had to fly back home and had to cancel like all the shows and stuff.
like I'm not at least like the band was like cordial enough to like pay us the whole run even
though we only did three shows. Uh
Okay I think there's gonna be another life 12 15. It was gonna be another like
three
weeks.
Three weeks. Yeah but like it's so slow because like you know they're not making any money and they're like they're getting some like and they just put out a record and stuff and then like I still haven't gotten paid yet but like the manager doesn't email
me yesterday saying hey like it's coming like sorry for like it's taking so long but it's just like the money is slowly rolling in for them like getting paid for like
royalties
and shit. Uh Yeah. Yes because they're not making any money right now except for maybe a few record sales and stuff but they're not huge or anything. So it's just like you know
actually I just I sell their merch. Uh
So you know like what sucked was like we ordered a bunch of shit and then like after three and then the last show a bunch of new stuff came in so we couldn't really sell anything. So it's just sitting in the bands like practice
space
like boxes and boxes of shit that was just like
but
yeah so yeah I won't be working until another like years probably. But you know. Yeah we'll see but like you know that that on monday they announced that they're working on something so let's see. Yeah.
Oh shit.
Well what do you have your like in contact with clients all the time? Like what do you what do you do? Okay.
Yeah. For real. Yeah.
Remember when jim's started opening up a few months ago? Like well it's kind of wild you know? But
Yeah I see a lot of outdoor gyms now, like I'm a sidewalk, they just put all the equipment outside stuff. Uh
They spray painted or they didn't talk or something like that or
tape.
I mean it might be a good thing that like winter is coming. I don't know, people are left likely to go out I guess. Uh
true.
shit. I didn't think about like communal spit. It's
stuff
like that. Yeah.
Damn.
I'm
going
to a friend's
house,
I'm gonna be going to a friend's house for thanksgiving and now I'm just like oh shit. Uh
something to think about.
Yeah I guess we'll, you know, everyone just has to be like, you know have like a metal spoon to scoop out of everything and I'm like, I think it'll be all right, I think.
Well kind of talking about like uh food and stuff, like well your lady is going to be gone away, Are you going to order out and pick out what
the Canada? Uh
Hell
I
mean that's what my bulk
cooking is. Great. Yeah.
Ok.
True.
Oh bye.
Well
not really. Well, yeah, well like not since Covid because I when I stay home and stuff, like I usually don't order food. And like ordering food would be uh from home might be like once every three weeks, two weeks kind of thing. It
would be like a tree kind of thing. Uh But like also like work at venues in the area so like every time I'm working I would just order takeout and delivery so they would just come and deliver it. Because like When you're there like most of the time you're like uh depends on which venue of that like you know maybe I don't want to walk 12 blocks or something uh to get something to eat. Just you know you have your spots you like I always order from these two or three places. So like this usually just order from drove up or whatever and they get to you so yeah I definitely eat a lot of takeout or delivery when I'm working
locally, but
I never order takeout usually
to,
it fluctuates, I've been trying to lose weight but dude it's so hard tonight. E I all I eat is rice and pasta and sometimes people say you know like you could do that and you can still lose weight but like you just got to like exercise more and like burn those calories. Okay.
Uh Yeah I used to work out a lot but I don't work out anymore so it's just sucks like I just I'm like I have a goal to just lose £15 or like you know 10 plus pounds which isn't like totally uh It's a I think it's an easy goal to cheat. You know it's not like you're trying to shed like 40 £35 or something like that you know that's you got to really put some work into it.
Danielle.
Well how long did that take? Like a couple of years?
Well
for dedication.
How
old is he?
Has he always overweight or it kind of just built like has
he got
uh has he always been overweight or has it just been building since he was like in his twenties or something like that?
And
love
them.
Damn.
No.
Does
he have extra skin? Yeah.
you're right. Uh
Health.
Okay. Like that was like uh goal of his. So it's kind of an achievement rather than
Pretty
sweet. Yeah.
Fuck.
We can still keep talking about like we're I guess We're passing were like at 30 minutes almost. So
yeah we're good to
go.
just started doing like 12 p.m. To five p.m. Every day just to have like more of a buffer. Because I think one time I got like one that was like 11 p.m. Like yeah but like you don't know what the hell is sometimes you're doing I don't know whatever.
By