SPEAKER_R: Hi, good morning.
SPEAKER_L: hi, good morning
SPEAKER_R: Where are you calling from?
SPEAKER_L: Maryland. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, East Coast, New Jersey. Sure.
SPEAKER_L: So we're just supposed to chat. Right,
SPEAKER_R: I think so. I'm looking to the 25 minutes. Yeah, I think so. Maybe. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Thanks. How are you doing? How are you feeling?
SPEAKER_R: Well, I'm like, I'm literally just bored right now because of Covid, like I'm a student. So I'm just been like, after everything that's happened, I've been stuck at home. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: Well, I'm, I have kids who are students, so
SPEAKER_R: how's that going?
SPEAKER_L: it's, you know, it's okay. Um One opted to stay at school and you know, it was living in an off campus apartment and opted to stay at school. One came home and is now back in an off campus apartment at school and then one is still at home.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, which university?
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, Marilyn. I said, oh, is it like, is the conditions like a bit better in Maryland? Because I go to school in new york and it's been like, everything should shut down?
SPEAKER_L: nope, no, pretty much everything is shut down. But I think there are enough kids who go in Maryland who lived in this particular off campus building, who came back and we all quarantined and now they're a little bubble, Which is nice. So that, you know, like what 21 year old wants to be hanging around with mom and dad if they can help it. Right, They'd rather be with their friends.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I'm 25. I love my mom and dad, I love being like at home,
SPEAKER_L: I have no doubt that they love us, but I totally get it. But I'd rather be living there independent life.
SPEAKER_R: I was that's actually it's very weird because like, I'm not sure if your kids are the same, but like when I went through that and I was like, oh, like super independent, but because I go to I go to law school in Colombia and I don't know, I'm like 25. I feel like a grandma, I'm like people
SPEAKER_L: What what year are you in? Law school?
SPEAKER_R: uh I'm going into year two. I finish your one.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Do you
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: know yet? Do you know yet what you want to do?
SPEAKER_R: Um so I'm on scholarship from my company so more than likely. So more than likely it's going to be like corporate law, but like I had like a really big interest in like federal law and I was going to go into like I was in there, I'm applying to like government and like 88, but that all went to downhill. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't realize that there were still companies that would pay for people to go to law school. I thought that was done. That's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. I worked for I worked for johnson, I work for johnson and johnson. So like they're the underground that I went to the age she was like right next to it. So.
SPEAKER_L: Did you go to Rutgers? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: My mother grew up right near there. So we
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: from
SPEAKER_L: that area you're from where?
SPEAKER_R: Edison. It's like time over.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Men's room grew up in Highland Park. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: So like yeah, so I just I went there and it's like it's not really like law school, it's like it's a program if you wanted to go for like another degree, it's
SPEAKER_L: Henry.
SPEAKER_R: for it's like an MBA or anything like that within. Like I think you have to be at the company for about 2-3 years apply into the program. And there's like a bunch of stipulations because I do have to work there.
SPEAKER_L: Well I have to stay there for a while. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But it's tuition free and like
SPEAKER_L: It's amazing.
SPEAKER_R: and 80 K. or down the lake, was
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: 80 a year now,
SPEAKER_R: Oh for law school? Yeah. Including everything 80 k. And that's I'm like a normal basis. Um Oh an addition that I pay for my own housing. Because like, like I said grandma, roommates. No. But yeah and it's like what was it? Oh and and then like, you know, more than likely the tuition is not going to change even if we go online, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: wow. That's exciting. It must be too. Are you excused from all of your regular work responsibilities while you're in school or do you have to keep working also?
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, I'm full time Columbia doesn't only doesn't do part time programs.
SPEAKER_L: But like you don't have to like then go home and you know work for eight hours at night or something like that or squeeze the working around it, you're just you're excused from work while you're in school.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah it's the tuition program kind of works like this is like like you just said um you just go to school for like whatever year and they kind of calculate how many years, like the range that you need to work so I would need to read five years I come out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's really really interesting. Okay that's really cool and then you and then you don't have to job hunt.
SPEAKER_R: I don't. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: My god I have a really good friend whose son just finished N. Y. U. And yeah and he knew he wanted to do public interest rather than corporate. So like the whole recruiting thing for the public until stuff happens much much later in the years like you know all the corporate stuff is going on you know august september and the public interest stuff is usually like february march april. So it had just started when they sent everybody home. But he got he got a job, it's good so
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: he'll he'll be he'll be working for new york legal services in the Bronx which is what he's really doing housing and tenants rights and stuff which is
SPEAKER_R: Got it.
SPEAKER_L: really what he wanted to do. Um And he also you know amazingly smart guy who had gone to Princeton and etcetera etcetera. So he
SPEAKER_R: gosh.
SPEAKER_L: he got he got into Harvard and he got into N. Y. U. And N. Y. U. Offered him a free ride and he knew he wanted to do public interest. So
SPEAKER_R: my.
SPEAKER_L: he said like right faced with the prospect of $250,000 dead or no debt. And it's not like you is not also an amazing law school,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's t. 14 so it's like the fourth or fifth in the nation
SPEAKER_L: something like that, whatever it is like you know, he knew it didn't have quite the same cachet as saying he went to Harvard but
SPEAKER_R: you have.
SPEAKER_L: he said that to graduate with no debt at least. No. Law school debt
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: was an amazing day.
SPEAKER_R: I was about to ask because you said something, I'm like you want to N. Y. U. That's the same as Colombia like out of the report and then you said scholarship. I'm like, oh God, she's so much smarter than me
SPEAKER_L: Trip Tree Road because it was amazing. Amazing. Yeah. So that was really good. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: it's been
SPEAKER_R: boss Michel.
SPEAKER_L: was exciting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Law school's just really like a commitment like if you're not into it, it's just like
SPEAKER_L: And are you are you off for the summer and you go back to J and J over the summer?
SPEAKER_R: Um No so like no I'm just completely free. I'm just a student but
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: I was I was going for like legal. Um
SPEAKER_L: Power.
SPEAKER_R: So it's like you know how it is? Like we just all started doing your first year, you don't really have to have an internship, but it's like a good do the second year, right?
SPEAKER_L: If you can get somebody to hire you at that point. Sure.
SPEAKER_R: But like the problem was that in like March, I was like in the running for so many positions. Like I had a position at the D. A. Office which I was like so close but then like everything like shut down and when the court shut down, everything else shuts down. And then like law offices only started to open up. So what I've been trying to do is I'm in the process of interviewing for like like uh like internships or like stuff that goes throughout the year and like Colombia and they're like part of my language like bumble screwed system of whatever is going to happen this year. I would have a lot more free time to like put into that like working space. I'm not sure how you're like Children's like um like semester, like their school systems going on right now, but like Colombia is going on like a three semester system.
SPEAKER_L: Oh so that they can have you finished the first semester by thanksgiving and then yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No not that no no no not that it's it's what we have to full semesters. Like I think it's the from what I've heard, they haven't really made an official announcement.
SPEAKER_L: For
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: the whole university or just for the lost. Well
SPEAKER_R: it's the whole university but different apparently different colleges are doing like different things like we don't really know but fall semester is going to be like full spring semester is going to be short and like a little bit and then we have an entire summer session so we go to school you around basically.
SPEAKER_L: interesting. No, so my kids America one graduated And the other one Maryland hasn't really said for sure what they're going to be doing. Um But they already um they have a regular fall semester and they have a very long winter break so that so they do you know they're short classes but so they people can do like a four weeks january sort of semester where you go to class like four days a week or five days a week and you can get a class done in three or four weeks. Then they had spring semester and then there are summer classes also. So in fact the one who's still in school is taking a class now over the summer. I mean you know it's remote. Her summer plans got completely
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: she's pretty mad and she was supposed to be working in a hospital doing research with an anesthesiologist. And like they don't want her in the hospital, she shouldn't be in the hospital.
SPEAKER_R: Of course.
SPEAKER_L: So so she's taking a class and the doctor that she was supposed to be working for is trying to figure out what she might be able to do in terms of research without going in. And they're they're working on it. But she's got another two weeks of the class and if that doesn't work out then she'll probably, you know, do some volunteering or something like that for the local organization that needs some administrative help.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Which was which is still good, like I completely I
SPEAKER_L: I mean.
SPEAKER_R: can like I completely with my friends and um at school right now and like she's I don't because um for her from when I know I don't know too much about it, but like your first year med school is like all research and your second year is really important because that's when you start like applying all the things and like doing patient work and they're trying to figure it out because she's in new york as well and they're trying to figure out like how to do all of this, how the like next year's gonna work, it's gonna go online and I'm like oh god and we're still paying like 60 to 80 K. A year. So I can't imagine.
SPEAKER_L: Just grateful that their state school in state, a few months of Rutgers, you understand that in state tuition is definitely better.
SPEAKER_R: Did you have to convince them of that or did you like?
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. My the oldest um I really wanted to study aeronautical engineering and there just aren't that many schools that have undergrad programs. Unfortunately one of them was healed so you know, so you know, he applied a few other places because as he said like if you want to be an engineering you might as well apply to M. I. T. Like okay go ahead and apply and if you get in we'll we'll figure it out. You know we'll do what we can we'll
SPEAKER_R: We'll
SPEAKER_L: figure
SPEAKER_R: discuss
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: out and um and then you know when he didn't get into MIT he said honestly at that point like there's no place else on the list. I would rather go. The Maryland said okay fine. And then the middle one just pretty much always wanted to go to Maryland.
SPEAKER_R: That's really good.
SPEAKER_L: great great love it and she's happy and she's doing well and yeah
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: so it's
SPEAKER_R: great. I've always like I like I think it's just refreshing when you like here people who actually like actively like choose to go to like not like just say like a state college, but like people don't see the benefits of like going to like a state university. And it's like they always think, I don't know because maybe this is just part of my culture, like they're always like gunning for like N. Y. U. Or like just out of state like Princeton obviously not going to talk about it. But but
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: like we're like for me like I don't know because like there's because in my town were primarily like asian so then like Rucker sister like safety school they want to go to like other
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: schools.
SPEAKER_L: understand exactly what you mean. Like people want to go to a school that has a fancier name and more prestige.
SPEAKER_R: And it's like, I don't know. It's like maybe it's just me. But like when I was 18 I was still like a baby. I was nowhere near like being adult Ingley doing adult ng thing. So I like the ability to like come home. Like my deworming my first year was like horrible. I had such bad roommates and because I had five technically I live in a sweet. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm trying to imagine six people in one term
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'll imagine so it's like an apartment with no kitchen, two vanities and one bathroom with the toilet and shower
SPEAKER_L: for six people.
SPEAKER_R: eggs. People. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: sounds unpleasant
SPEAKER_R: they're and they're all girls. So it's like so I don't know like I just saw so many advantages of like because like I don't like because I feel like I was not mature enough to go out of state and be by myself. I like having like my family support gave me that made me a baby. I don't know. But like I like I like it and plus like schools like Maryland and like Rutgers like what it really loved about like those types of schools is when you have big state schools, you're allowed to like major hop. Like if you don't like one thing you don't have to transfer to another school in
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: case
SPEAKER_L: Maryland. It doesn't make it so easy to do that actually.
SPEAKER_R: I don't.
SPEAKER_L: I mean maybe it's just that maybe
SPEAKER_R: Of the.
SPEAKER_L: it's just the particular majors that that child was considering but no they because it's such a big school and some of the majors are very popular you know you know if she wanted to be a philosophy major I don't know if it would have been different but for things like psychology and public health and that sort of thing, they limit the number of people who can be in the major because they need to make sure they have enough seats and the required classes for all the, so they actually did not make that so easy.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. At Rutgers I'm not sure how easy it was. Like obviously there was like competition but like if you were like undecided for like if you like went into like I would say like S. A. S. Um. You could like kind of like testimony different classes and then like apply but if you wanted to transfer within those two years and kind of see it was quite like easy. Like like people are allowed to try like different classes which is what I loved about it. And I've heard like so many stories of like people going to like really concentrated like colleges like like T. C. And J. Is like only like teachers or like doctor and anything like outside of that you would need to like transfer out and within Rutgers. The transfer system was very like if you made if you obviously made like the G. B. Requirements and like the class requirements it was very easy for you to transfer in the now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well I don't think I ever introduce myself. My name is Marcy. Okay
SPEAKER_R: The nice thing you.
SPEAKER_L: well it's nice to meet you too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: How long have you been doing these things with problems with these studies
SPEAKER_R: I actually found them when I was in um like what when I started um when I was in college
SPEAKER_L: with Hillary?
SPEAKER_R: and I actually do like I do a bunch of them. I think I do like prolific. I user like respondent which is like survey slash like people like interview like this and then amazon turk is really good as well.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know about either of those.
SPEAKER_R: Oh so you should go um so amazon turk is almost exactly like um prolific in a sense where you just kind of sign up. It's um there's less I think like information you need but it's just like you do surveys that are like, they range from like one sense to like a dollar. You can like you can, what was it called? Let's see. You can uh you can filter them to like what you want. But it's almost exactly for a prolific. But it's just like a bunch of them at the time. And you can just go down the list and just do that. And then like user interviews and like respondents are like people who are doing like consumer research. So if you fit this category or like this like this topic fits you, you just like do a bunch of like demographic questions, send it in. And if you do it pays like $5200 user interviews pays like through amazon gift card. So I've been doing it on and off since like college I think since I'm support went back on it.
SPEAKER_L: I should actually get a second amazon turk heat.
SPEAKER_R: U. R. A.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. And user interviews. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: And then, And then the 3rd 1 is responded.
SPEAKER_L: Called respondent. Okay. I will check that out. Thank you. Because I haven't been doing this for that long. A month and a half, two months.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, he wasn't. How do you like it?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's been interesting like I work full time but I'm self employed and it's really convenient. You know like there's a little bit of a lull between project. It's okay so you can make a couple of dollars get back to work. You know there's another little bit of a low and if something is available, make a few dollars and get back to work.
SPEAKER_R: if my aunt may ask, what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: I am an editor proofreader, copy editor. Yeah it was it was an english major and then um I'm trained as a librarian. Yeah. Yeah. And I wound up in communications. So I do communication consulting. And then also, you know, most of what I do for my clients is reviewing proposals, blog posts, reports, all kinds of things like that. Um,
SPEAKER_R: Like yeah,
SPEAKER_L: to make sure, especially even if you're in law school, you understand that, make sure the writing is clear.
SPEAKER_R: of course.
SPEAKER_L: But also, but also to make sure that there, that they understand who their audience is and that they're writing things in a way that the audience is going to understand the language they're using and that they're using a level of detail and kinds of terminology that are appropriate. Because obviously if you're writing something for say, yeah, a scientific audience, you're going to write it differently than if you're writing for a group of seventh graders. So Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Of course.
SPEAKER_L: thankfully. So, yeah, I've been doing that for Freelance for about four years. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: can't like, I can't imagine because like I would completely need your help because one of the things that like I I struggle with so much is just like the writing and legal matter because I didn't really notice this and like maybe this is just me growing up. I didn't notice in english classes there wasn't like a really big emphasis on my grammar, like proper grammar. And I didn't realize how necessary it was until I started going into law school and writing essays. Like that wasn't a problem because you have like apps like Graham early who do it for you automatically.
SPEAKER_L: We didn't have that strong ever since school.
SPEAKER_R: and like I didn't realize how necessary it was until I went to a like interview at a law firm for an internship and they like put like a piece of paper, like an email correspondence or like correct grammatical errors. And I did like so badly because like we didn't have the proper foundation.
SPEAKER_L: Right. And I have to say like, I'm sorry that that's the case. That's good for me because that's job security
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: for me,
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: that people need
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: what we need.
SPEAKER_L: No. And like a couple of my clients have given me sort of tests like that before they hire me. I love those. That's, you know, that's fun for me. But you know, I guess it's good that I like something that the rest of the world doesn't really like to do.
SPEAKER_R: My thing was is that like I would love to learn like more. It's just I didn't realize as like I grew up like in the english classes that I had didn't give those foundations. Like even during college, those writing classes, there is never like a big section on like, when do you use a semicolon it?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. I had My 8th grade English teacher and my 10th grade English teacher were sticklers. Like if you made mistakes, you know, this is three computers. I mean there were computers, but I didn't know anybody who owned one. And you know, if you need a lot of mistakes, you were in a typed paper, they would give it back to you with corrections and you would have to re type it and submit it again. So so you got reasonably good it to me the first time because otherwise you have to, you know Retyped sometimes, you know, three or 4 page paper, you know, on a typewriter. Not so much fun.
SPEAKER_R: I can imagine so like I was like I've got and then like after that I went through this entire like thing of just like going through like grammar and like learning that I was like, I had no idea this like existed because like, I don't know. I like maybe I'm just like, I like to think that I'm like a nowhere millennial where it's like I feel like a millennial but yet I'm not where I'm like I'm like, you're just saying like these technologies make our lives so much easier. But then like it just takes away a lot from like what you learn because if you don't have them, you're just stripped away with everything.
SPEAKER_L: I wonder, you know, you said you have a little bit of time now while you're waiting for internships and stuff. I bet you could find like, you know, a solid, let's say, eighth or ninth grade grammar book on amazon and to yourself while you're, you know, while you're waiting for something else to do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's exactly what I've been doing. I like my mom and like my mom like and me just like pulled out like the like S. A. T. Books and like something that I've been going through like that and it's just like it just seemed like such a big gap and what I've known and learn.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's really interesting. But if you if you you clearly care and it's definitely something that is going to help you later, I suspect that a little bit of effort would give you a pretty solid term.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Thank you. Hopefully like, because it's just one of the things I really struggle within like law school, I'm great at debating. I'm great at talking because I my mom says I can't stop. Mhm. Which is why part of the reason why I went into it. But
SPEAKER_L: It's fabulous. That's that's good for you, good for you.
SPEAKER_R: You might as well. I would love to like have I think it's just like a dream to kind of be a freelancer and have your own business and kind of do things on your own time and being like so constricted.
SPEAKER_L: it's definitely got its pluses with the flexibility, et cetera. There are some downsides. You know, if I, you know, no benefits. Um I'd like to get insurance through
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: my husband, but otherwise, you know, it would be on the hook for insurance. I don't get vacation days. I don't have anybody to do any of the administrative stuff. It's just me. Yeah. Which can be a little bit tricky sometimes, but it's working out okay. So I think we're at our 25 minutes. Do you think so?
SPEAKER_R: yes, I think so. Okay. What is the complete or kind of really cannot? Oh, do we just go on?
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wait, you don't get to try to remember keith is conferences. Everything's me really show some time for a week it yet. Do
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: we just move on or do we end?
SPEAKER_L: It's to make sure we talked to at least 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so no time to keep the video shop over the entire time. Even the paintings show until your congress
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: anointed
SPEAKER_L: mean, okay, there's a timer. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: the current government to resume. Do we need to move? I know we move on. What do we end this chat or do we just move on?
SPEAKER_L: I am absolutely all mr and so and it also there's a thing okay. It says from the minute I got to that survey page, but you joined me pretty quickly. Hello? What is your what is your timer say?
SPEAKER_R: It said like 27 minutes. So I think we're going on that part. I just moved on to the actual like start um the survey.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, okay. All right. But for so it was lovely to meet you. Good luck with everything.
SPEAKER_R: You just you as well.
SPEAKER_L: And uh, I hope you find something really good for the rest of the summer.
SPEAKER_R: It was at you too. I hope you and your entire family is just safe. And
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: during this time
SPEAKER_L: All right. We'll take care.
SPEAKER_R: you too. Bye.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Thanks. Bye.