Hi, good morning.
Where are you calling from?
Oh, East Coast, New Jersey. Sure.
I think so. I'm looking to the 25 minutes. Yeah, I think so. Maybe. Yeah.
Well, I'm like, I'm literally just bored right now because of Covid, like I'm a student. So I'm just been like, after everything that's happened, I've been stuck at home. What about you?
how's that going?
Oh, which university?
Oh, Marilyn. I said, oh, is it like, is the conditions like a bit better in Maryland? Because I go to school in new york and it's been like, everything should shut down?
Well, I'm 25. I love my mom and dad, I love being like at home,
I was that's actually it's very weird because like, I'm not sure if your kids are the same, but like when I went through that and I was like, oh, like super independent, but because I go to I go to law school in Colombia and I don't know, I'm like 25. I feel like a grandma, I'm like people
uh I'm going into year two. I finish your one.
So
Um so I'm on scholarship from my company so more than likely. So more than likely it's going to be like corporate law, but like I had like a really big interest in like federal law and I was going to go into like I was in there, I'm applying to like government and like 88, but that all went to downhill. Yeah.
Oh yeah. I worked for I worked for johnson, I work for johnson and johnson. So like they're the underground that I went to the age she was like right next to it. So.
Yeah.
I'm
from
Edison. It's like time over.
So like yeah, so I just I went there and it's like it's not really like law school, it's like it's a program if you wanted to go for like another degree, it's
for it's like an MBA or anything like that within. Like I think you have to be at the company for about 2-3 years apply into the program. And there's like a bunch of stipulations because I do have to work there.
But it's tuition free and like
and 80 K. or down the lake, was
it?
Oh for law school? Yeah. Including everything 80 k. And that's I'm like a normal basis. Um Oh an addition that I pay for my own housing. Because like, like I said grandma, roommates. No. But yeah and it's like what was it? Oh and and then like, you know, more than likely the tuition is not going to change even if we go online, so. Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh no, I'm full time Columbia doesn't only doesn't do part time programs.
Oh yeah it's the tuition program kind of works like this is like like you just said um you just go to school for like whatever year and they kind of calculate how many years, like the range that you need to work so I would need to read five years I come out. Yeah.
I don't. Okay.
No.
Got it.
gosh.
my.
Yeah. It's t. 14 so it's like the fourth or fifth in the nation
you have.
Oh my gosh.
I was about to ask because you said something, I'm like you want to N. Y. U. That's the same as Colombia like out of the report and then you said scholarship. I'm like, oh God, she's so much smarter than me
and
boss Michel.
Yeah. Law school's just really like a commitment like if you're not into it, it's just like
Um No so like no I'm just completely free. I'm just a student but
I was I was going for like legal. Um
So it's like you know how it is? Like we just all started doing your first year, you don't really have to have an internship, but it's like a good do the second year, right?
But like the problem was that in like March, I was like in the running for so many positions. Like I had a position at the D. A. Office which I was like so close but then like everything like shut down and when the court shut down, everything else shuts down. And then like law offices only started to open up. So what I've been trying to do is I'm in the process of interviewing for like like uh like internships or like stuff that goes throughout the year and like Colombia and they're like part of my language like bumble screwed system of whatever is going to happen this year. I would have a lot more free time to like put into that like working space. I'm not sure how you're like Children's like um like semester, like their school systems going on right now, but like Colombia is going on like a three semester system.
No not that no no no not that it's it's what we have to full semesters. Like I think it's the from what I've heard, they haven't really made an official announcement.
It's
it's the whole university but different apparently different colleges are doing like different things like we don't really know but fall semester is going to be like full spring semester is going to be short and like a little bit and then we have an entire summer session so we go to school you around basically.
Hi.
Of course.
Yeah. Which was which is still good, like I completely I
can like I completely with my friends and um at school right now and like she's I don't because um for her from when I know I don't know too much about it, but like your first year med school is like all research and your second year is really important because that's when you start like applying all the things and like doing patient work and they're trying to figure it out because she's in new york as well and they're trying to figure out like how to do all of this, how the like next year's gonna work, it's gonna go online and I'm like oh god and we're still paying like 60 to 80 K. A year. So I can't imagine.
Did you have to convince them of that or did you like?
We'll
discuss
it.
That's really good.
That's
great. I've always like I like I think it's just refreshing when you like here people who actually like actively like choose to go to like not like just say like a state college, but like people don't see the benefits of like going to like a state university. And it's like they always think, I don't know because maybe this is just part of my culture, like they're always like gunning for like N. Y. U. Or like just out of state like Princeton obviously not going to talk about it. But but
like we're like for me like I don't know because like there's because in my town were primarily like asian so then like Rucker sister like safety school they want to go to like other
schools.
And it's like, I don't know. It's like maybe it's just me. But like when I was 18 I was still like a baby. I was nowhere near like being adult Ingley doing adult ng thing. So I like the ability to like come home. Like my deworming my first year was like horrible. I had such bad roommates and because I had five technically I live in a sweet. Yeah.
Yeah I'll imagine so it's like an apartment with no kitchen, two vanities and one bathroom with the toilet and shower
eggs. People. Yeah.
Yeah
and
they're and they're all girls. So it's like so I don't know like I just saw so many advantages of like because like I don't like because I feel like I was not mature enough to go out of state and be by myself. I like having like my family support gave me that made me a baby. I don't know. But like I like I like it and plus like schools like Maryland and like Rutgers like what it really loved about like those types of schools is when you have big state schools, you're allowed to like major hop. Like if you don't like one thing you don't have to transfer to another school in
case
I don't.
Of the.
Okay. At Rutgers I'm not sure how easy it was. Like obviously there was like competition but like if you were like undecided for like if you like went into like I would say like S. A. S. Um. You could like kind of like testimony different classes and then like apply but if you wanted to transfer within those two years and kind of see it was quite like easy. Like like people are allowed to try like different classes which is what I loved about it. And I've heard like so many stories of like people going to like really concentrated like colleges like like T. C. And J. Is like only like teachers or like doctor and anything like outside of that you would need to like transfer out and within Rutgers. The transfer system was very like if you made if you obviously made like the G. B. Requirements and like the class requirements it was very easy for you to transfer in the now. Yeah.
The nice thing you.
Okay.
I actually found them when I was in um like what when I started um when I was in college
and I actually do like I do a bunch of them. I think I do like prolific. I user like respondent which is like survey slash like people like interview like this and then amazon turk is really good as well.
Oh so you should go um so amazon turk is almost exactly like um prolific in a sense where you just kind of sign up. It's um there's less I think like information you need but it's just like you do surveys that are like, they range from like one sense to like a dollar. You can like you can, what was it called? Let's see. You can uh you can filter them to like what you want. But it's almost exactly for a prolific. But it's just like a bunch of them at the time. And you can just go down the list and just do that. And then like user interviews and like respondents are like people who are doing like consumer research. So if you fit this category or like this like this topic fits you, you just like do a bunch of like demographic questions, send it in. And if you do it pays like $5200 user interviews pays like through amazon gift card. So I've been doing it on and off since like college I think since I'm support went back on it.
U. R. A.
And then, And then the 3rd 1 is responded.
Oh, he wasn't. How do you like it?
if my aunt may ask, what do you do?
Like yeah,
of course.
Of course.
can't like, I can't imagine because like I would completely need your help because one of the things that like I I struggle with so much is just like the writing and legal matter because I didn't really notice this and like maybe this is just me growing up. I didn't notice in english classes there wasn't like a really big emphasis on my grammar, like proper grammar. And I didn't realize how necessary it was until I started going into law school and writing essays. Like that wasn't a problem because you have like apps like Graham early who do it for you automatically.
and like I didn't realize how necessary it was until I went to a like interview at a law firm for an internship and they like put like a piece of paper, like an email correspondence or like correct grammatical errors. And I did like so badly because like we didn't have the proper foundation.
No.
Absolutely.
That's
what we need.
My thing was is that like I would love to learn like more. It's just I didn't realize as like I grew up like in the english classes that I had didn't give those foundations. Like even during college, those writing classes, there is never like a big section on like, when do you use a semicolon it?
I can imagine so like I was like I've got and then like after that I went through this entire like thing of just like going through like grammar and like learning that I was like, I had no idea this like existed because like, I don't know. I like maybe I'm just like, I like to think that I'm like a nowhere millennial where it's like I feel like a millennial but yet I'm not where I'm like I'm like, you're just saying like these technologies make our lives so much easier. But then like it just takes away a lot from like what you learn because if you don't have them, you're just stripped away with everything.
Yeah, that's exactly what I've been doing. I like my mom and like my mom like and me just like pulled out like the like S. A. T. Books and like something that I've been going through like that and it's just like it just seemed like such a big gap and what I've known and learn.
Mhm. Thank you. Hopefully like, because it's just one of the things I really struggle within like law school, I'm great at debating. I'm great at talking because I my mom says I can't stop. Mhm. Which is why part of the reason why I went into it. But
You might as well. I would love to like have I think it's just like a dream to kind of be a freelancer and have your own business and kind of do things on your own time and being like so constricted.
All
yes, I think so. Okay. What is the complete or kind of really cannot? Oh, do we just go on?
I
think
wait, you don't get to try to remember keith is conferences. Everything's me really show some time for a week it yet. Do
we just move on or do we end?
Okay, so no time to keep the video shop over the entire time. Even the paintings show until your congress
anointed
the current government to resume. Do we need to move? I know we move on. What do we end this chat or do we just move on?
It said like 27 minutes. So I think we're going on that part. I just moved on to the actual like start um the survey.
You just you as well.
It was at you too. I hope you and your entire family is just safe. And
during this time
you too. Bye.