hi, good morning
Maryland. What about you?
So we're just supposed to chat. Right,
All right. Thanks. How are you doing? How are you feeling?
Well, I'm, I have kids who are students, so
it's, you know, it's okay. Um One opted to stay at school and you know, it was living in an off campus apartment and opted to stay at school. One came home and is now back in an off campus apartment at school and then one is still at home.
No,
nope, no, pretty much everything is shut down. But I think there are enough kids who go in Maryland who lived in this particular off campus building, who came back and we all quarantined and now they're a little bubble, Which is nice. So that, you know, like what 21 year old wants to be hanging around with mom and dad if they can help it. Right, They'd rather be with their friends.
I have no doubt that they love us, but I totally get it. But I'd rather be living there independent life.
What what year are you in? Law school?
Okay. Do you
know yet? Do you know yet what you want to do?
I didn't realize that there were still companies that would pay for people to go to law school. I thought that was done. That's pretty cool.
Did you go to Rutgers? Okay.
My mother grew up right near there. So we
know
that area you're from where?
Yeah. Men's room grew up in Highland Park. Yes,
Henry.
Well I have to stay there for a while. Yeah.
It's amazing.
It's
80 a year now,
Yeah,
wow. That's exciting. It must be too. Are you excused from all of your regular work responsibilities while you're in school or do you have to keep working also?
But like you don't have to like then go home and you know work for eight hours at night or something like that or squeeze the working around it, you're just you're excused from work while you're in school.
That's really really interesting. Okay that's really cool and then you and then you don't have to job hunt.
My god I have a really good friend whose son just finished N. Y. U. And yeah and he knew he wanted to do public interest rather than corporate. So like the whole recruiting thing for the public until stuff happens much much later in the years like you know all the corporate stuff is going on you know august september and the public interest stuff is usually like february march april. So it had just started when they sent everybody home. But he got he got a job, it's good so
he'll he'll be he'll be working for new york legal services in the Bronx which is what he's really doing housing and tenants rights and stuff which is
really what he wanted to do. Um And he also you know amazingly smart guy who had gone to Princeton and etcetera etcetera. So he
he got he got into Harvard and he got into N. Y. U. And N. Y. U. Offered him a free ride and he knew he wanted to do public interest. So
he said like right faced with the prospect of $250,000 dead or no debt. And it's not like you is not also an amazing law school,
something like that, whatever it is like you know, he knew it didn't have quite the same cachet as saying he went to Harvard but
he said that to graduate with no debt at least. No. Law school debt
was an amazing day.
Trip Tree Road because it was amazing. Amazing. Yeah. So that was really good. Yeah,
it's been
was exciting.
And are you are you off for the summer and you go back to J and J over the summer?
All
Power.
If you can get somebody to hire you at that point. Sure.
Oh so that they can have you finished the first semester by thanksgiving and then yeah.
For
the whole university or just for the lost. Well
interesting. No, so my kids America one graduated And the other one Maryland hasn't really said for sure what they're going to be doing. Um But they already um they have a regular fall semester and they have a very long winter break so that so they do you know they're short classes but so they people can do like a four weeks january sort of semester where you go to class like four days a week or five days a week and you can get a class done in three or four weeks. Then they had spring semester and then there are summer classes also. So in fact the one who's still in school is taking a class now over the summer. I mean you know it's remote. Her summer plans got completely
she's pretty mad and she was supposed to be working in a hospital doing research with an anesthesiologist. And like they don't want her in the hospital, she shouldn't be in the hospital.
So so she's taking a class and the doctor that she was supposed to be working for is trying to figure out what she might be able to do in terms of research without going in. And they're they're working on it. But she's got another two weeks of the class and if that doesn't work out then she'll probably, you know, do some volunteering or something like that for the local organization that needs some administrative help.
I mean.
Just grateful that their state school in state, a few months of Rutgers, you understand that in state tuition is definitely better.
Uh huh. My the oldest um I really wanted to study aeronautical engineering and there just aren't that many schools that have undergrad programs. Unfortunately one of them was healed so you know, so you know, he applied a few other places because as he said like if you want to be an engineering you might as well apply to M. I. T. Like okay go ahead and apply and if you get in we'll we'll figure it out. You know we'll do what we can we'll
figure
it
out and um and then you know when he didn't get into MIT he said honestly at that point like there's no place else on the list. I would rather go. The Maryland said okay fine. And then the middle one just pretty much always wanted to go to Maryland.
great great love it and she's happy and she's doing well and yeah
so it's
Hey.
I
understand exactly what you mean. Like people want to go to a school that has a fancier name and more prestige.
I'm trying to imagine six people in one term
for six people.
Okay. Yeah.
That
sounds unpleasant
of
Maryland. It doesn't make it so easy to do that actually.
I mean maybe it's just that maybe
it's just the particular majors that that child was considering but no they because it's such a big school and some of the majors are very popular you know you know if she wanted to be a philosophy major I don't know if it would have been different but for things like psychology and public health and that sort of thing, they limit the number of people who can be in the major because they need to make sure they have enough seats and the required classes for all the, so they actually did not make that so easy.
Well I don't think I ever introduce myself. My name is Marcy. Okay
well it's nice to meet you too. Yeah.
How long have you been doing these things with problems with these studies
with Hillary?
I don't know about either of those.
I should actually get a second amazon turk heat.
Okay. And user interviews. Okay.
Called respondent. Okay. I will check that out. Thank you. Because I haven't been doing this for that long. A month and a half, two months.
Yeah, it's been interesting like I work full time but I'm self employed and it's really convenient. You know like there's a little bit of a lull between project. It's okay so you can make a couple of dollars get back to work. You know there's another little bit of a low and if something is available, make a few dollars and get back to work.
I am an editor proofreader, copy editor. Yeah it was it was an english major and then um I'm trained as a librarian. Yeah. Yeah. And I wound up in communications. So I do communication consulting. And then also, you know, most of what I do for my clients is reviewing proposals, blog posts, reports, all kinds of things like that. Um,
to make sure, especially even if you're in law school, you understand that, make sure the writing is clear.
But also, but also to make sure that there, that they understand who their audience is and that they're writing things in a way that the audience is going to understand the language they're using and that they're using a level of detail and kinds of terminology that are appropriate. Because obviously if you're writing something for say, yeah, a scientific audience, you're going to write it differently than if you're writing for a group of seventh graders. So Yeah,
thankfully. So, yeah, I've been doing that for Freelance for about four years. Yeah.
We didn't have that strong ever since school.
Right. And I have to say like, I'm sorry that that's the case. That's good for me because that's job security
for me,
that people need
it.
No. And like a couple of my clients have given me sort of tests like that before they hire me. I love those. That's, you know, that's fun for me. But you know, I guess it's good that I like something that the rest of the world doesn't really like to do.
Oh yeah. I had My 8th grade English teacher and my 10th grade English teacher were sticklers. Like if you made mistakes, you know, this is three computers. I mean there were computers, but I didn't know anybody who owned one. And you know, if you need a lot of mistakes, you were in a typed paper, they would give it back to you with corrections and you would have to re type it and submit it again. So so you got reasonably good it to me the first time because otherwise you have to, you know Retyped sometimes, you know, three or 4 page paper, you know, on a typewriter. Not so much fun.
I wonder, you know, you said you have a little bit of time now while you're waiting for internships and stuff. I bet you could find like, you know, a solid, let's say, eighth or ninth grade grammar book on amazon and to yourself while you're, you know, while you're waiting for something else to do.
Well that's really interesting. But if you if you you clearly care and it's definitely something that is going to help you later, I suspect that a little bit of effort would give you a pretty solid term.
It's fabulous. That's that's good for you, good for you.
it's definitely got its pluses with the flexibility, et cetera. There are some downsides. You know, if I, you know, no benefits. Um I'd like to get insurance through
my husband, but otherwise, you know, it would be on the hook for insurance. I don't get vacation days. I don't have anybody to do any of the administrative stuff. It's just me. Yeah. Which can be a little bit tricky sometimes, but it's working out okay. So I think we're at our 25 minutes. Do you think so?
I don't
know.
I don't know. Yeah.
I'm
It's to make sure we talked to at least 25 minutes.
I
mean, okay, there's a timer. Yeah. Okay.
I am absolutely all mr and so and it also there's a thing okay. It says from the minute I got to that survey page, but you joined me pretty quickly. Hello? What is your what is your timer say?
Oh, okay. All right. But for so it was lovely to meet you. Good luck with everything.
And uh, I hope you find something really good for the rest of the summer.
Thank you. Thank you.
All right. We'll take care.
Okay. Thanks. Bye.