Hey. Sorry.
You never got someone else to come on
to me.
Yeah, well you get your dollar 50 anyway when they don't
good. Let me just play this since I have
there's nowhere to do that. Okay. Well, I don't think my phone was going to die anyway. Um So yeah, they don't have a, There's no criteria, but
I got 10 of what? Like 10 or 2? I came on.
I don't know a few of these that must yeah, they're not bad at all.
Bill,
uh Mark, I'm over in like charlotte north Carolina,
so it's cold. There's snow yet.
Step
My sister. You hear what? Yeah.
I don't know what Ohio is like. It is. I like it. I just it gets really, I don't like june july and august is too had, I'm from Minnesota on Wisconsin. I lived there and my, well most of my life, But
I don't I don't I don't like the weather there though. My sisters in Minneapolis and they already have had 10" of snow and.
I like to live in there because I like the city like the twin cities. But yeah, the winner is just too much.
It's
kind of like half the area. The
weather
here. Yeah. Like temporary doesn't move around. They prefer to change 10°.. It will take a couple of weeks like, you know what I mean?
Well I don't it's too spaced out. It's the city like I don't know the city has really large in terms of miles square miles and it doesn't I don't like that's fine for like Chicago or something because it's so dense but it takes forever to get anywhere.
And I don't know, I don't do any. I just moved here March of, what year is this two years ago And I don't beat Covid killed half of it. And then I'm just trying to make money right now because I want to move to rally so I don't go downtown and really know the
scene at all. Like I mixed opinions about it. It seems like it's uh southern city that has some like a diverse economy so it'll people are moving here. But yeah, I mean really have much of it. I like the south side, but then there's a lot of, it's just so spread out and then there's a lot of crappy areas and I don't see a lot of bike trails so
it's
it's
that's why I liked it more there. It's dancer and it's more, it's just fun. I like different cities but that's like a weird, you never really think that that would be so fun and I was shocked when I moved there and how fun it was. So, I don't know. I'm not a real good judge of it. I like it more than Tampa florida. I don't like Tampa like charlotte more. All right.
I just don't Yeah, there, I always thought Miami would be cool, but I don't know. I've never been there. Yeah.
Just
Minneapolis in the Madison, Wisconsin, Milwaukee and Chicago. That's
that's
about
it. Yeah. Medicine or school Chicago. I love that. But it's kind of, it's just expensive. It's like if you live somewhere affordable, there's fights every night out on the street and you know what I mean? And I was, I was living like a big Govt area so it was diverse but the crime so it wasn't gang infested but still like every night people were yelling out there and
that's a good voice. I've never been to Cleveland. I've just been to columbus. I've been through Cincinnati.
No.
Where would you go?
Virginia
is cool From the north
Carolina?
Really? You're gonna, what are you doing?
So
are you gonna walk like the Appalachian thing or? I
don't
know
if they.
hmm.
that's cool. I
I like Raleigh Durham a lot and then once you hit Virginia on the east like Norfolk and all those Richmond and Virginia beach and it turns into like the east coast can get to philadelphia and D. C. D. C. Is cool. I
like it.
Yeah it's cool so it doesn't just gigantic because it has Baltimore and everything but it doesn't have some central I don't know it's just got a coalfield and the weather is nice there you get a little bit of snow but you know.
I don't know anything about it.
Oh you're Ohio, that's so close to lots of things kind of right.
it was weird because there are a lot of people there compared to the rest of the midwest and I just don't understand how it happened or but pennsylvania too. But you would,
that's what
I learned
during like the elections. Yeah. In Philly it's phileas, these teeny little counties. All there's so many of them. Yeah.
I got to stress me out. The whole thing is I want it over.
Really? Yeah. I was really divided. North Carolina. Super divided to Virginia isn't, it's just right up there and they want like 13 points of biden or someone. It's not even close. This state is like a huge battleground. The city's go super liberal and then like 75% of them. But there's a lot of medium sized cities in north Carolina. I didn't know that like 50 to 150,000 type. And they they're really, they're pretty evenly split. Okay.
Yeah. Greensboro, Winston Salem, I've been a Winston Salem side, but not the Greensboro yet. Oh, I drove through it. It was kind of pretty
thanks.
Well, we just had the mask mandates have had that forever. And then um
businesses, it's up to the businesses I've noticed, like target will enforce that trader joe's will enforce. It walmart doesn't do anything. You're supposed to technically aware of them, but they're not going to fight that battle. And like in the city of charlotte, everyone just wears masks. But then once the suburbs here get really conservative really fast and it's kind of, the clashes is bizarre. There hasn't been that bad here. I don't know if there's gonna be a second another surge or what but well not like the midwest anyway, it hasn't been like that and there's a few 100,000 cases. But I think the percentage of the population is kind of low.
it's been like what was was in the seventies now it's today was like upper fifties, it was cold sort of.
Yeah, I know, I don't know what it's gonna be, I don't know what to expect with the weather here because it seems like I'm just not used to it, it is always kind of nice. But then in January February when it will be in the 40s, if it rains it will never smell. But if it rains it screws everything up because it will stay on the ground for like three days, you know what I mean? You know It just won't ever evaporate because effectively tennis and I can sometimes get away with in an upper 40s but that destroys it. I think the businesses though they have outdoor seating and then the bars have to follow really strict protocols for indoor, They can have like 25% occupancy and stuff like that.
I haven't been going anywhere but Uh huh.
it like is it wind wine? No. Yeah, I don't know much about it, I just I don't really know that much about, he's kind of like a purple governor, so I don't know what No, I don't know what he is. I just don't know. I deserved the name many times.
You
live, you live in the city of Cleveland.
he's
just sprawled or
like I thought columbus which is growing real like big time for. Ohio was not sprawled. In fact I got in and out really fast but it seemed like it was kind of getting kind of, it was getting kind of cool there but it was it's a weird town like I don't know, it was like a transition in transition but I
just
is kind of like the same right same size broken.
I remember
I've gone through date and that was kind of cool. It was like this pretty little, I don't know, it was in the summer maybe that's why
Uh huh. Driving here from Minnesota is really cool because you go through, we get after Chicago and that horrible indiana stretch, you get to like west Virginia then and then everything is hilly and there's your driving on the sides of mountains and um you go through the tunnels and that's cool then.
A super flat, the east eastern the eastern border by Wisconsin has some hills with the rest of the state you know? Yeah I've only been to the twin cities so I don't, that state is really big and I don't think there's much of anything else in it.
No it's really isolated. You have to drive like six hours in Milwaukee. But other than that I guess like Iowa Denver is probably like 12 hours or so. Not alone. Oh the Winnipeg. Winnipeg is way up north like six hours. Mhm.
Well listen uh Manitoba Canada right man. So you know.
Yeah I couldn't one cool thing, I don't have to wear jackets anymore now.
Do
you do yeah.
Do you do stuff on other than prolific to use like amazon or any of those?
I've used three of them. This one. Testable minds which I rarely ever use and the ones I do on their kind of annoying and then amazon has millions of things but it took me like three months of a lot of work to get used to it because there's a lot of junk. Yeah
it's
I
just there's so many different things and like I have to have browser extensions and on my phone I have a little app that I bought on my phone to try and catch things. So I kind of eyeball it throughout the day
and I've gotten used to like certain requesters and it took a while to get used to it. Some of the stuff on there is so easy and it's kind of fun and then you can get caught, it's really easy to get caught doing things that really suck.
But just
look
Just gonna be doing a survey that will say like $2 or something and then you realize that you have to write like four different times and it's just but I get to these extensions browser extension and people do reviews so now I know when it's like that I don't know but it takes more time to use amazon to start making anything on it. Oh
what?
probably that's a lot. Whenever people ask me about what I'm doing, I was going to do that first. Mhm
Maybe 10 minutes.
I don't, I could because I do it all on amazon. Uh huh. I don't pay attention of prolific. I like these though these betterment things. They're so easy. That's an easy $15. There's
of good ones on prolific. There's this one person adult this or something. I don't know. I think the University of Minnesota and they contact me like every few weeks and I do this hour long thing and they're paying me like $12. But then you get these bonuses all the time. I like those. You play these little games but it does take a while.
But
I can't do, yeah, writing texts with brain energy.
I haven't gotten one of these but there's a Like an extension that when they don't put the browser bars on their an extension allow actually tell you for you. And then other people comment and say, well it says it's this far but this part is going to take you 10 minutes. I didn't get that. But that's how detailed like Amazon guess
But
a lot of the people are doing full time on Amazon, you know, they'll work 60 hours. And This
one lady was, she showed that she had made $22,000 on their last year. I thought that was fine.
I wish I could do that when I moved here from Minnesota, I let my driver's license expire and now I have to actually take a driver's test here and
in north Carolina if you want to take a driver says you have to have insurance already. And it really irritated me when I just because that means I gotta start paying 50 miles for nothing. I'm just really stubborn but I don't want to start paying for a car yet. I'm trying to delay it. But because when I go to broadly I don't because I want to go to school, I don't know what I'm gonna do with that car anyway. But that would have been like the Uber eats that stuff seems so easy to do, doesn't it? Do you think it's terrible?
Yeah. I drove a cab in Minneapolis and they would, well the people get touchy when they're drunk and then they, that happens a lot actually or they puke in the car, that's the worst. But people will run out of the cab and you can kind of tell when they're going to do it. I've never been robbed though, but I can see
with them just taking the food and then not doing what would, I don't know how that works.
The company would call the cops and
Yeah. Cleveland is kind of a weird, that's kind of the image I have in my head like east Cleveland and make jokes about open.
Do you have to work full time on site somewhere else right now or?
you
should I would recommend opening that amazon account though because you have to do so many but if you do them and then for some reason you find something you like. Like sometimes it's really easy money for little bursts of time.
You just, it's called amazon mechanical turk and turk.
Yeah. But like if you had the account and then you were looking at and it just it was always confusing. You never wanted to spend the time. That's one thing like my sister that's what happened with her. She just never wanted to try and learn it. But if by chance you kept something I don't know there's all these things that can happen by chance on there. Yeah
it's
weird.
It's
not prolific is way easier to use but there's like, like I have amazon right now. I mean there's like 1000 things loaded that wants, you know like things you can okay
but
it does, it can kind of wear on your brain a little uh like if you feel like making money you're better off going to prolific to make something guaranteed and and I just find that tires my brain out a little sometimes.
I don't think the business ones we had to write about a coworker or think about it.
I hate
them.
the
that's one thing about amazon is you get some crazy people on there that will you find out real fast with these add ons but reject you for dumb things like that prolific is definitely better with handling that because that can get me angry but I don't really go through many of those rejections anymore.
These two these things I think after we're done with the survey you can email them again and set up another one. You get like six of them or someone.
It's
it's
totally it's like the easiest thing out of all the websites. Really.
When you're on reddit, what does that mean? Like you're on certain forums?
I go through the forums on Mturk forum so it's just like that though. It's just a but right it's like the biggest one like it has a form for everything. Cool.
thank God. I know I go on it.
What
do you remember when we started? I just got something I gotta $15. See this is I got some amazon thing now they're going to read my google search history for 15 bucks. So it's sort of like well, invade your privacy for 15 bucks with.
I'm sorry. I use the next thing and it's pretty secure. Actually have to restart. My girls are all the time because of problems with. Do you know what time we hit right now? Because I don't.
Yeah. Uh
Yeah. I can't wait.
What? All right. I'll see you. Thanks.