Yeah. Yes, mm Yeah, forget it. Yeah. Buy
more's this is actually like the first time somebody else's lying. So
yeah, no I I think
I've done this I think two or three times and this is the first time. So
yeah, I guess, I don't know, I have like mentally talked myself up to talking to random strangers, someone you plan to do about it. So
very good. Yeah.
it's
Yeah, yeah, so the 25 if I'm looking at the mhm Yeah, So 25 minutes I guess.
Really? I feel like the time would go by pretty quickly, you know, you're just like talking to some random person you just come across
so I guess I don't know what what's your name?
Okay, nice. I'm I'm Cara and I'm up in Cleveland so
We had to know and then like 24
hours later it was 70° typical Cleveland fashion um Here,
I hear the weather in charlotte is kind of kind of like Ohio it's just more temperate you know a little bit warm.
what?
Yeah there's a there's a girl that I work with is up in like even Prairie area and she she's like yeah it's currently smelling there's like 6" of snow on the ground and that's ridiculous.
Yeah cold. I feel like it's one of those that never end like it
constantly goes on for.
and
we
Yeah that's not bad. Have you found a lot of issues? So I have friends that live down in um charlie area and they said they don't really like it because it's too busy now.
No
You mentioned
I
compared
to the twin setting is it's a lot more spread out or not?
Everyone in florida is crazy.
taking you move around a lot
to various.
that's
not too
bad.
15. Yeah.
I mean Cleveland not bad. I think I
think it gets a bad rep but personally, I mean like every other city you have your poor areas that you avoid, but really what you make of it kind of. So I mean I personally like I would like to get out of Cleveland because I'm Cleveland born and raised, but yeah,
I actually have no idea, I want to go someplace warm for a little bit. Um
And
I'm actually going
for packing in Virginia this weekend, so we'll see,
we're going backpacking. So my boyfriend
and I are taking our dog,
We're going
to
be
on the 80 for like a short couple of miles, but then we're going to branch off and do a different because I mean we're only going out one night. Oh
we're will be interesting is our first backpacking trip in Shenandoah. So we'll see.
feel silly.
I feel
like I haven't been to D. C. And forever.
Not too bad. I've always been dying to go for, what is it, the cherry blossom festival?
It's where all its cherry blossoms bloom in the spring and their Lowry and probably smell nice or something. I don't make sure stuff about it.
Yeah. For the most part drives the places. I'm showing the thing.
I don't even think Ohio knows how it happened, but pennsylvania has a weird middle section where it's like Pittsburgh, yuri, granbury, whatever else city and I'm like the middle has nothing in it decides.
That
is.
everyone's all upset because I don't know, it's really this election seeing the populations and everything was rather interesting, I don't need to go into politics and a 25 minute conversation.
I know, especially leading up to it, all my friends on facebook are fighting.
yeah, I should just booked on Airbnb and greens, but I think
Well
Palestinians are they, is the governor talking about doing a bunch of shutdowns with you guys again, are you kind of?
Uh huh.
that's good though, I guess thinking things from the grand scheme of things because like everyone is switching to more indoor, I don't know what's looking at the weather, uh people eating indoors now or is that
It was cold.
pension
sticking in indoors, we're we're kind of struggling right now that your governor is talking about shutting us down again this week and um
I'm not gonna lie. He started off being one party then everyone accused him of speaking to another party and being fought out. And now he's put i again, it's hard to follow because so many people are self proclaimed port aboard geniuses, so I kind of just continue to stay at home. I go out occasionally. What the restaurants? It's a busy, crowded breath
family.
Yeah, I live in the suburbs. Um
I actually,
oh, I honestly don't know enough about other cities too. Right.
I
don't want, I don't think we're really all that sprawled your downtown and have a bit within like 15 minutes. 15. Right?
we're all pretty, pretty small. Midwest cities, I have to say Who one
is getting bigger.
Yeah. I honestly have never been to date and I don't think,
the views, all the views like something that I'm gonna, I don't think Minnesota is all that really right. It's pretty flat.
Let's go stay up north. There isn't a whole lot to do or ghost.
Yeah, it's really, I'm, I honestly don't even know what ST Winnipeg is in.
Okay, that makes sense as to why I don't know what it's mm
Yeah, don't take it for granted. They really look like a marshmallow walking outside back
and son.
What?
Uh no, actually prolific is kind of just the only thing I am, I'm like heavily involved in horses and my horses on a joint supplement and instead of like actually taking money out, I just use prolific to pay for his joint supplements every month, which is like not that bad. So if I don't make a little money, nothing major. It's just kind of something to do. I don't know what people do, Some research studies.
So how do you
get involved with them? Is like, is it
actually?
They are
Like
from other
re soldiers?
Yeah. I feel like it. So I saw all the crowd prolific from Reddit and
I feel like the easiest one to kind of get involved in and
So how much time would you say that you spend on prolific every day
tomorrow?
that's it.
Yeah. That's what I don't mind if they take longer if they're fun. Like if I'm
writing a long drawn out responses for an hour that I'm getting.
Yeah, it bleeds. So for me I can do those if there's a progress bar. If I don't see a problem part, it's my mind is instantly checked out. It's not fun.
that's kind of cool. Actually, I like
that
if,
hey, I mean if it pays some bills can be located wherever you're your own boss family, we were eating, but you're not even using up your car, you're just sitting in the comfort of your home.
jeez.
Um So I was going to try it, but I I'm not gonna lie my area or the areas in Cleveland took you to some really sketchy areas and I just looked like as a girl who's in uh
Well,
I think, yeah,
if they take the food. Oh no, that's actually a good question. I would assume that no matter what you would get paid and then I think the company does something about it.
Yeah, that's and I'm like kind of on the east side, so they're like at the time line where there's a really nice area, but in that really nice area there's a really sketchy area right next to it, and I just like for me it's not worth it. If I had like a safer area that I could do it, then I would definitely do it, or if I was a guy, I'd probably do it.
No, I'm actually still working from home, so It's kind of nice. I live 10 minutes from my work, but
saying
that's not bad is it? Like how would I how would I search it? Because I've never
oh, it's um turk. Okay 0.3.
mean, if
it's something
you have open in the background, I mean the same
problem.
But check it out,
I didn't know.
Yeah, that makes one bro, kind of like, I don't know, some of her prolific tasks are definitely a little mind, I wasn't coming but
Oh yeah, and you
also get
those ones that are translated poorly so it's you don't know heading and there it appropriately and then you're afraid that you're going to get rejected because you answered
it for you or something.
Yeah, it's interesting. I don't know, check it out. I'll see the interesting er What?
That's not bad. Yeah, I wouldn't mind that. I think it's like I said, I
think it's fun
quote
Yeah. Especially, I don't know, kind of seeing different people that use prolific because like for me, I'm only on reddit or I see like people user names but I don't actually see.
So it's actually like an R slash prolific subreddit that like they sometimes talk about the surveys or they sometimes talk about like it was down this morning and there were a bunch of posts about people having issues.
everything. They probably have an amateur one I think.
Oh yeah. Yeah. So there's one for prolific. Sometimes they have like they always talk about reporting surveys or anything reporting researchers before underpaying. And and people, people have too much time on their hands. Yeah. Yeah.
I think,
yeah, as long as they don't do it afterwards, it's fine. Okay.
I think we're pretty close. I'm I think we started like two minutes after sort 27 right now. So honestly I think we're good 27-11 So I didn't want to lock up too early in case it was just shy. But um
I guess it was good talking with you made it kind of meaning of good luck with your moved to Raleigh.
Uh huh. What time? Well,