Fuck yeah. Yeah. Right. Oh yeah, beautiful. It's all right fine. You're not show up you know. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. No, I don't two. Mhm. Mhm.
Good morning Harry. Oh
good.
Have you done any of these before?
All right, good. This is my second one too. So um I am in Connecticut married. I got two kids seven and nine both going to school full time catholic schools are open. Thank God because I probably would be hiding bodies right now otherwise um I am an operations manager for a small construction company locally. That's pretty much me. Yeah. Yes.
yeah. Oh, good for you. Yeah.
Absolute. Yeah, I look forward to retirement but I've got a good 20 years to go so. Okay,
that's good though. Good for you.
Where do you
live?
What state do you want?
Okay, so it's early where you are. Yeah,
wow.
Yeah. Yeah, I set this up for 10 kids, went to school and I'm off today. So I was there with get them out of the house. So peace and quiet.
So
yes, I'm just glad they're back in school full time because I'd be
going you're pulling my hair out. Mhm. The end of the last school year was very difficult. Uh huh.
huh. It's hard. There's a lot of tough decisions being made. But I got good news about a vaccine this morning. So,
yep. Okay. That mike. Yeah.
Right.
Uh You got to make choices. Your decision for yourself, Right. You gotta do what you think is. Right. So everybody.
Yeah. We'll have to wait and see. It's still early, you know? Like
I said.
Yeah, I have
the
news.
Yeah. The stock market is a big game. You just have to know how to play it. Yeah, because I don't think that's all That's just
but it's good for my 41K right now, so I'm okay with that.
Yeah, it's way up this morning, so let's go. Yeah, that's real good.
Everything
slows down. You know, I can't put any money away this month because they want food and they want electricity like dark and just eat surplus cheese. I'd be much better off.
What are you gonna do? That's
hot.
How
warmer weather? Yeah, that's good. So who, wow,
how long have you been doing? Like this prolific thing and all these surveys on?
Okay. Yeah. I stumbled across this one about a year ago. This is by far the best of all of the possible survey sites out there.
It's
I
used amazon, I used turk but I think you spend more time searching To make your 50 cents then you actually make any room.
Yeah, early on if I did that a few years ago and it was much better today. It's I don't even bother.
Yeah, this one's like this this is so much easier.
Yeah. But yeah, the survey thinking you're not gonna make it rich but
it's gas gas money. Uh That's that's all my wife like it's gas money, I don't want to hear it. So
yeah, I'll do that too. Yeah, I'm putting stuff away for christmas right now. Yeah.
Yeah definitely. You know I do that too. I just take the gift cards. Yeah. Never have to worry about actually paying for anything. No, it's good. Yeah. So
So expensive. Oh my God. Yeah.
I think about that once in a while. Like I should have just stayed single and had no kids, I have no mortgage. I'd probably be retiring in another five years. I know. Once in a while they were just like, oh it's so depressing. They're so expensive
where we are, the public schools are great. So we pay for catholic school on top of it. So
Yeah. So yeah. And every day they want something new this year they find they're asking for ipads for christmas and like, oh here we go, we're out of out of the toy phase. It looks like so,
hey, whatever works, it's like my mom, my mom is the same way because I don't need the brand new $1200 phone. What's
cheap works? Yeah,
I get it.
yeah.
Um I don't know. Trying to think of what else to talk about.
Uglier.
Hip. Yeah. That's something to do. As long as you're not losing any money I guess. That's
When you're, when you're by yourself you don't need all that space. Right. Yeah.
Yeah. Much cheaper living down south. I mean you're in Washington, that's expensive. I'm in New England. That's expensive.
The housing market here has started to boom because ever since Covid people are moving out of Manhattan. So Connecticut, the hottest market in the country right now. Yeah.
So we're thinking about putting our house on the market because I think I can turn a nice penny. Get something with more space because we're kind of cramped where we are.
Kind of defeats the purpose. Right. Yeah.
No, I don't think, I think that's, I think businesses are finding out how much cheaper that is. I think a lot
of places
you want to stay that way people working from home. Yeah.
I would get nothing done if I work from home. No I would sit in front of the tv or sit in front of the computer. I would be totally unproductive if I had to work from home.
Uh Let's say I got about 12 more minutes. Uh Let me see. So your your husband, ex husband used to be in the navy, you guys like live all over the country or? Yeah.
That is uh that's
a total swing in the other direction being you know the marines while my college roommate was a marine reservist. So I know what it's like, it's very intense and it's totally different. I just can't picture I'm thinking about him, I can't picture that at all.
Yeah going off to war is not. Yeah. No.
Yeah I can't even imagine. I wouldn't wish that I yeah.
Yeah he's home, he's safe. That's good. Okay.
that PTSD is damaging stuff. Yeah. Oh well I'm happy for you that he's home. Yeah.
lot of lot of families we can't say that to these days. So that's that's good.
Yeah. Yeah. No that's that's really good. That's good.
Come
here
gotta stay busy. Many many you stop being busy, you start to get older and that you don't want to do. I saw that with my my father in law. He retired a few years ago and he hasn't really done much and he's just become an old man real quick. Yeah. And I'm just like uh no not what I'm not not what I gotta I gotta stay busy, got to keep your with your mind body moving.
I can barely keep up as it is. Oh my God. All that energy except when we're trying to go to school and there's nothing I just want to sit on the couch. You need to get up. Yeah. What happened at 10:00 last night? You don't want to go to bed now.
that's my wife, she's a night out. She'll stay up like and
then she sleeping me at six o'clock. I'm up most days as soon as the sun starts coming up. That's it. I gotta get up.
Yeah. I couldn't tell you the last time I actually got to take a nap. Mhm.
Yeah. That's the other thing I always say it like you just wasted your whole because I'm up till three in the morning. Who cares? Whatever I like being outside when it's bright out.
Yeah. That's how my kids, my daughter likes, she'll get up first thing in the morning. My son, he wants to stay up all night. Yeah, they're like that too, dragging him out of bed in the morning. It's never fun. She'll get she'll get up without much of a problem.
Support.
And it's nice when you don't have to pay tens of thousands of dollars back in lungs. I
Yeah, that was some very good advice. Uh
huh. Mhm.
that's all right. Working sucks. Really? Does this whole working for a living thing and being responsible is so overrated? Oh my God, I thought, you know, maybe I'll just find a nice warm park pension like phoenix and I'll just go stay where it's warm and not to worry about it working for a living. It's just not all, it's cracked up to be.
correct.
Yeah. It's like that here, that's not the job market's really very tight where we are too. And I think it's gonna stay that way for a while or whatever if it's doing any good or not, I don't know. So yeah.
Oh yeah, I am a political junkie. I couldn't get,
I couldn't get enough. I watched all the way until saturday when I finally called it was like my kids were going crazy. Can't we turn the news off? Go to your room at the ipad. No, just go find something to do watching this, wow.
Yeah, absolute. I just couldn't just can't get enough of it. I love the whole theatrics of the whole thing.
Okay. During Watergate, yep.
Yeah, all that, that was a little before my time. But
I remember, I remember, you know, as clinton going through it and then this one and I just had the whole process. I'm totally fascinating.
2000.
Yeah that that luncheon came down to one state in like 300 and something votes. That was 2 38 days before they finally had we had a winner that year. Yeah.
our
yeah it all turns into a blur after a while.
there are times I come home I want to put something absolutely mindless on the T. V. I don't have to think about or pay attention to. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah this week every time the presidential election comes along I'm always very much into it. Yeah just.
kind of was very unexpected that all that went down to came
out of nowhere. So that's
the first time in my whole life there may actually be some real peace in the Middle East.
Right? Yeah it could. Yeah I just that was really good. That's that is a step in the right direction. That was not
following each other out of the water. Yeah that's the last thing we need to do is go back to war.
Thanks. Let's see what we got. About three more minutes. Um Let me see. So you're playing going to Georgia you'll be unpacking for any of them and that's a big move Washington.
Okay and then they'll ship the box for you. Okay
calling dr
before our flight as opposed to what a week of driving? Yeah.
gotta bring the cat.
You have to come all the way back at
the the boxing. That's a good idea. That's got to be a lot very movers to drive it. Yeah. Yeah.
No
there you go that's
good that's good.
So what do they do they put down the flap ends and drive it across or? Mhm.
Uh huh.
Yeah that's right. You got to use to
use
those
rental family members actually? Yeah. Yeah.
All right. It looks like we've hit our 25 minute mark. Yes we can correct
what's that?
All right we'll go two more minutes then. I'm just like I'm looking at the counter around
the previous
Cleveland.
No no.
So I had read somewhere as about that it was either like Norway or Denmark. One of them They're the largest mink producers on the planet and they found they found a strain of COVID in the minks that can transfer to humans so they slaughter like 140 million of them safe.
Right. Right. Yeah I understand that too. Uh
I don't have much of a choice here. They won't get in anywhere around here if you don't have one on so,
Oh whatever advantage you can get.
mm that's good. Yeah. All right all right When you're 25
thank you. Yes you too.