Hello. Morning.
Good
hurry up. Mhm.
Yes, I've done one or 2.
see me. Um I was a Navy wife for a long time now. I'm divorced and I have two kids who are growing up and a granddaughter and I'm retired.
I used to work in like social services and special ed and with kids who have been in and out of jail and stuff like that. And kids with psychiatric um problems or. Yeah, I'm burned out. I'm pretty much burned. I love what I did, but I burned out. So.
kind of retired earlier that I thought I would.
Yeah. Because well where I live, my governor doesn't really support social services. He says he does, but he really doesn't. So
and
I had to leave. Yeah,
Washington.
Yeah.
I woke up and checked my email. I'm like, okay.
Yeah. I know.
That's how it is. When you have kids
in
Here it's everything is a lot of things are shut down still and I think I don't think it's right to have everything shut down the way it is. It's horrible.
Yeah. Except the vaccine look up dr Sherry 10 penny because she has concerns about the vaccine.
It's not it's not, she says it's not safe for people. So yep
I don't trust, I don't trust it. Yeah,
Yeah my my son was in the marines and he had a lot of vaccinations and yeah so important until I told them be careful about this one because I don't know about it. Mhm.
You
start the stock markets where they
they
said
the vaccine so I don't know
It is.
Yeah. I was excited to sing. It's up at 29,000 right now.
Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. I've been investing since I was like 20 years old. Except that I had kids. And
it's what?
I know. Huh? Exactly. You know
you know my
granddaughter, she lives in Georgia so I plan to move there this winter or spring. So
I yeah, that'll be fun.
And
about three or 4 years. Yeah. I worked for the school district and for the department of Social and Health Services and Until about 2017. And so I've been doing this for about three years.
It is I also use amazon turk and then a lifepoint
surveys when
I'm
it has really slowed down.
I used to make like $100 a week and now I make like $20-$50 a week if I'm lucky.
Yeah, I like it too.
No.
I kind of like um like if I want to buy something on amazon, I use the survey money so.
I bought my granddaughter some barbies.
yep. Yeah, my daughter and her husband, he was in the Navy and now he's out of the navy and he's a real estate agent and okay, they want to have another kid, but they're like can we afford another kid?
mm.
I know.
Yeah. Yeah my kids went to private school for a little while. Yeah, like Lutheran kind of, what was it? Kind of a Lutheran christian? Yeah.
Yeah, I don't even have an iPad. I bought this $25 Samsung refurbished phone. Okay.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah, I broke about, my great grandfather was jewish so I I'm I'm frugal that way. Okay.
Mhm. Yeah.
Well I also rehab homes, which I don't
make it, yeah, I don't make any money at it, but like um I bought three mobile homes so far and I'm working on my third one right now, And this one I paid 13,000 for it and I'm gonna, and it's by a lake, so my real estate agent, So as I can sell it for like 40-45000, But it has taken me two years and after, like I put in windows, a bathroom, like part of a kitchen, it's like, I don't really make any money. So it's just basically something I guess, like I get to live here.
Yeah, I think I do lose money actually. But yeah, I used to live in a great big house on seven acres and I worked for the state of Washington, and then I sold everything, I quit my job, I downsized. And so yeah, and I'm it's a lot less stress. I I was it was too much stress, I had to leave.
exactly. And then uh so when I moved to Georgia I'll be living in um it's like subsidized housing for seniors. So I'm really excited about that because the rent is really affordable.
Yes. It's very like the household around here are selling for like 400,000.
Yeah.
Yeah. A lot of people are moving out of Seattle, I live like north toward the Canadian border and a lot of people are moving out of Seattle up here. So it is like it used to be kind of a small town and now it's like packed full of people. So.
yeah and a lot of people in my real estate and he's got a lot of people are teleworking now, so you don't have to live in a city
we
want.
Yeah, I love working from home. I'm kind of an introvert so I absolutely love it.
Yeah. Yeah, I don't get a lot done but but yeah, it's all right.
Uh Let's see, we lived in Fresno on the navy, the air base there in California and that's where my son lives now. He lives north of san Francisco I guess and he's um he's going to school to be a drug and alcohol counselor, which it's really weird to me because he was always like this um like when he joined the marines it's like he was made for the marines and now he's now he's thinking about being a he wants to be a drug and alcohol counselor, I'm like wow, how did that happen?
But
Yeah. Yeah. My son went to Iraq three times and he got back and he had a lot of problems with drugs and alcohol. So now I think that's what he's doing is. Yeah.
It was horrible.
I pray for him like all the time because it was hard. It's been really hard.
Yes. Yes. Yeah. He didn't talk to me for like two or three years because he's I guess it was just so hard on him. I don't know, it was just really hard, wow.
It's a huge relief that everything he's okay and everything.
I know, I know I think about that all the time because some of his friends did get killed,
yep and my daughter she's a veterinarian assistant and so she works with animals and her husband. He also does some kind of home rehabilitation. Like his mom owns rentals like
they're
real they're into real estate. So maybe when I moved there I can do something part time. I don't know. We'll see what happens.
Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Yeah. I like working with kids so I might do something with my granddaughter. I don't know. We'll see what happens. She's so energetic. I don't know if I can keep up with her.
Yeah. That's what my son was. He always stayed up late reading and then he didn't want to wake up in the morning and my gosh.
I
Yeah. Yeah. I wake up early a lot and then I take a nap because I'm old now. So.
Oh my gosh. Uh huh. And then I wake up it's like I'm like, oh, half the day has got. Yeah.
Yeah. That's how my my daughter was like a morning person and my son was like a night person.
I remember that. Yeah. I was going to school
when they were in school. I got a like a pell grant, like a college grant. Yeah. So that's why I went to school. That was
Yeah. My my husband, he was abusive and my lawyer told me he said, okay, what you need to do is get on financial aid, get on food stamps and go to college and get your degree. And that was some really good advice.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think about that all the time. And then I worked for the state for like 15 years and then can't do it anymore. So.
Yeah. I'm kind of wait until I moved to Georgia and then maybe I'll find a part time job or something. I don't know because up here there is like nothing a lot
of business would have shut down and it's horrible.
Yeah. I don't like it. Yeah. I've been keeping track of the elections Of course.
I am
Yeah. I watch a lot of Youtube videos because I can't deal with the mainstream news. So I went to a lot of Youtube videos but yeah.
Yeah, me too. Yeah. I was like a young child when Richard Nixon was going through all his impeachment stuff. So
I remember that. Yes. My dad was like glued to the television. Remember that?
Yeah, it was yeah.
It is. It is. Yeah. They were talking about something with Bush and Gore and I had to look it up and that happened in the year 2000
and no.
yeah I was working at a juvenile prison at the time and I was like, oh, that's why I wasn't keeping track of what was going on, was working 12 hour shifts
or we are
Oh my God, Yeah, I used to come home from work, I didn't even want to see the news or anything because I like all day long I deal with drama and less like I come home, I don't want to see anything or
Yeah, but now I'm really into it, so. Mhm.
Yeah, and I'm really excited about the Middle East peace deals and everything. That's so exciting to me, wow.
was
it did,
yes, I think some of it had to do with human trafficking, like they're trying to work together to cut down on child trafficking and human trafficking, so I think that might have something to do with it.
it is,
exactly. Yes, I agree.
Yeah, I'm pretty much all packed up. And what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna rent a u haul box, it's like a crate.
Yes, and then I can have my car shipped or I can drive, I haven't decided what I want to do
because um I have blood sugar problems, so I'm thinking maybe I shouldn't drive, so. Oh no. Yeah.
have a cat. Oh
yeah, so I don't know. I was thinking maybe my son could go with me, but I don't think he wants to do that, so
I don't know. Mhm.
Yeah, it costs like about 1000 to $1,500. And I'm thinking, okay, I haven't had a week aged it in like 20 years, so
yeah, I can just buy that
and
And then I can have my car ship for like 1000 to around there somewhere.
Yeah. I asked my son in law, I said, should I? Because my car is kind of old. I said, should I donate my car or should I have it paid to ship it? And he said I should pay to have it ship it because if I go down there and buy a used car, he said it's not gonna probably work out. So like he said, what I have now is better than what I could get down there. So yeah, so
I gotta put my son a lot of good use, you know?
And
it
was
Yeah.
My thing was 7:23.
My clock this 7 23.
For
a minute. Okay. So
the other thing I heard about was um, there's the mink farmers in some countries somewhere. I heard this on ice age farmer. He's on bit shoot. I don't know if you know any of these platforms,
but um he said that they shut down the mink industry because of the china, the virus, the covid virus.
And I think it's horrible because now that's their living, that's their way of life. So
because I mean this is what I tell people like I don't wear a mask because I worked at the juvenile prison. I was exposed to SARS tuberculosis. I mean everything. I worked there for 10 years and now you want me to wear a mask? And not one time when I worked at the prison was I offered a mask. So no, I'm not wearing a mask.
I go into the grocery store and I don't wear one and I walk around with my cane. So I guess they just assume I'm like disabled or stuff.
And then I made a pair of shorts and I saw this guy, he put brown like chocolate pudding on these white shorts. So I put some brown hair dye on these white shorts. And so if they asked me to wear a mask, I got these like shorts. Yeah. Oh
well, have a good day.
Thank you.