Hi, how are you? Can you hear me?
Yeah cool.
Hey
I'm good, how are you?
I'm Olivia.
to meet you, too. Nice to meet you too. Yeah.
I work I work from home now, my work for idea in the market and the market department so yeah how about you?
I work in the marketing department Trachea. So on the website of things like the e commerce and making sure the website looks good and is functioning correctly. Um
Yeah
that's pretty cool. How about
you?
Yeah corporate level like yeah yeah there's no store around here. Um So yeah I work for I work from home for the corporate office.
Thanks.
okay that's neat. Um How's it been with, are you guys remote or is your school district remote now?
Yeah I bet it is. That's I'm so I graduated a college in 2019 so I like just missed the train wreck and I was like, I'm so happy. I'm not so right now. I mean working from home is one thing, but school from home, it's just, that just sounds like a mess.
Mm I worked for before I went to a key, I worked at a marketing agency and we did hire like in higher ed and um we found that a lot of kids were just taking gap years, like that was their plan if they couldn't be on campus, they were like, I'm just
going to not go to school, you know, especially their freshman because it's like, you know, they feel like they're missing out on, you know, all that college life. And so yeah, it's definitely, I think Kyra is going to have a tough time, I think moving forward, it will be interesting to see what happens.
Yeah, you would think, but they just, especially we were finding out that they were just like if I can't, you know, be on campus with my friends and stuff, they didn't want to pay like they didn't want to pay to live on campus, you know, or live around the school because a lot of people got locked into like, you know, housing contracts and things and so people were just like, I'm just gonna, you know, go do something else for the year or some people I think are a lot of people going to go to community college. I'm hearing that's a big option for people right now. Um
yeah. So
are you, God.
Oh, it's gonna say so you're working, you're on slightly, you're not working from home right now?
you're full
I don't know.
That's crazy,
Yeah, that's wild.
that's me. So where'd you move? Where'd you live before? Oregon?
okay, that's
neat.
Oh that's neat. Where you're born there, you were born in Sandy, you,
it's
pets need, so how how is California? I feel like I hear horror stories of the state of California, so if you want to dispel those myths or maybe confirmed them, I don't know.
yeah, it's crazy out west
I am in york county pennsylvania, so yeah, so
um yeah, so I was born while I'm adopted, so I was born in Maryland, um spent the first three days of my life there before I was brought up here. Um Yes, I've lived here my whole life. Um It's also very rural. Um we had to put it in context, we had drive your tractor to school day, like that's how
rural high school, that's actually,
yeah, it was, so that's how that's a royal, it is. Um But yeah, and then I went to college um at Westchester University, which is outside of philadelphia um in a suburb, and then I graduated and I worked at a marketing agency in center city philadelphia for a year and then the pandemic happened and I was like, I should probably get out of philadelphia. So I came home, we went remote and I came home and then I was kept working for the agency until I found this job okay, back in july, and I jumped ship and so that's that's where I ended up.
Um to me I just started it's funny, I just started in august, started august 2nd and I to this day like I'm still in meetings with people that like I've never it's like a new person every every time like I'm still
meeting
everybody, it's um there's probably in our in the U. S. There's probably at least a couple dozen. And then Global um which is headquartered in Sweden, there's probably a couple 100. So it's it's a it's a massive, yeah it's a well everybody kind of fall, a lot of people fall under the marketing umbrella but they do different things within, so my team isn't that big but um overall everybody in marketing, it's it's a pretty big operation
I focused on. I'm an online content specialist. So what I do is I um I've been making up like I make updates to the website so when it's time for like a big, so when the website changes for black friday for example like I'll take on that project, so when you log on and you see like you know sale on this or whatever, I'm like the one that put that up there. Um It's updating copy and things like that and just looking at user flows and making sure, you know, customers can find things because if you ever interacted with the k. But our customer service is not very well renowned, so it's kind of, it's kind of we're trying to cut down on the number of people who have to call in and be on hold for like ever. Um So yeah that's it's just the e commerce and it was pretty slow to the e commerce world because we're so we're so focused on the in store experience that I mean our founder himself said nobody's ever going to buy a couch online. Um and so we literally like had to wait for this man to like die to like really be able to kind of start our online, you know venture. Um yeah we're pretty behind so it's it's less sophisticated than you think it is right here, but
and
Okay. Yeah, I was gonna say, I think video Portland store, yeah that's wow, how is Portland by the way?
Yeah that's
it, yeah
its own reality,
Okay. I guess the pandemic makes people do things they never thought they'd they'd be doing,
Gosh.
Yeah
she
said
oh wow. Is Portland like known for its french fries?
No.
okay, so you decided that Portland is gonna be no first franchise? That's
just
funny.
that is fun.
that's funny. Yeah.
So um so
you're in like a rural area? That's that's um that's
interesting.
So how
far?
interesting.
So how how far is that like from California? Like from san Diego to,
that's
kids,
it's a wild, So do you have kids?
wow, that's how have they been adjusting to the new new reality of covid?
Talk
to.
Your
that is, yeah.
Do they know are they going to be remote like the whole year or are they trying to go back in the spring?
Yeah. Yeah. I was um I still keep up with Westchester. I went to school and they originally um they didn't even try to go back full time or I mean even hybrid, they were just remote and people freaked out. Um But it's like you would have, it's like
they don't understand
it, like they would have had to go home a couple weeks in, you know, it was never going to be normal. Um So they were just fully remote and then they just announced a couple days ago that they're going to be remote throughout the spring semester two. So a lot of people are upset, but yeah, I can see it. Yeah, it's just
Yeah, I think so too. Yeah, it's interesting. Ik um they don't, when I first, my first day actually people were they have been remote for a while, but people were coming in to get their stuff and they're just they're redoing the entire office. Um and it's it's nobody's going to have like a dedicated cubicle or desk anymore, it's just gonna be like an open layout like conference rooms and so it's kind of just work from home indefinitely. Has I understand it? Um
Which is definitely gonna be interesting because I mean as of March Olive spent more time working from home that I will in an office in my
career so already, so it's it's definitely going to be interesting I think to be remote for I guess long haul. And I'm interested
to see like what other companies do if if they start just allowing people to stay permanently work from home or if they start calling people back at some point.
Do you think it's gonna be pushed back on that? Like are people just
going to go
because I don't even know like I have nothing to hide other than not really working. I mean I don't really know. Yeah I can see
that. That would be problematic.
Oh that's interesting.
it's pretty good.
pretty good idea.
you
were ahead
of time. Yeah you were ahead of your time. Little little did they know
that's
it's interesting.
Yeah it hasn't been too bad of a Kia um with the trade. I mean I just I started work from home and I kiss so I I've never met most of my coworkers. Um And I don't think
I ever
will. I've seen my boss one time in person and that's it. So it's yeah, I don't think my interview was all remote, so the only thing I had to go, I had to go the the corporate offices in conshohocken pennsylvania, which is about 20
minutes from philadelphia. Um So that's where the IK U. S. Headquarters is. Um and so I had to go and get my computer and my head an I. T. Issue. Actually, the the email was like you have to log into your laptop before you leave the network and I just did not do that. So I
went up to get this computer and I get home and it's not working and I was like oh my God, I have to go back up to, I can't, so I had to like and my dad took me and I was like I don't ask my dad again, he's going to freak out, so I just like coordinated a like stealth train trip up to philadelphia and I made it was philadelphia's like 2.5 hour to new york, but I got there and all I had to do, I was still in the Uber and I was like how do you think I have to get out of the Uber, like I just have to be on the network, I think so I just sat in the Uber in front of the corporate office and logged in and it was like okay and the computer knew it was like a computer and it could function now and I was like can we just restart the trip and taking back the train station? She was like, yep, okay, that was, that was my, that's how I solved it, but I was like, I can't believe I had to do all that just to log into the computer because I didn't do it.
Yeah, it was just I I couldn't believe it, but yeah, other than that it's it's been fine. Um Have a delta, have me on a Dell, I don't know what you guys use, but it's pretty good.
I had a Mac at my agency but I I prefer Mac. I'm on a Mac now um like Die Hard Apple, but so it's been a transition but it hasn't been too bad. How about you?
you're you have the whole set up? Okay.
I I'm still that was like the whole big thing in my agency where it's like if we had like a spare extra screen, people would like fight over it and I've just never seen the appeal to have two screens. I haven't they gave me a desktop right here and I'm just like I don't really I just never I could never get into the dual screen life. I just I'm good with my just my standard laptop
I've
seen
those.
Yeah I bet the end. So did you did you go to school for I. T. Or you like you did?
no
that
was your
sign
well now you know what not to do at least if you get the job. Yeah.
Yeah that's, wow.
Well I hope you get it if you have it works out.
Yeah there's yeah.
So does your wife does she work?
It's
that's funny wow.
So she can do occupational therapy like remotely?
realistic. Yeah.
my gosh.
Yeah. Yeah, I will wear my mask in honor of you Jeff, so I put it on, I'll think of Jeff.
That's, wow, that's lucky that they found your heart condition just from a knee surgery, I mean that's
you're really
lucky.
Yeah is that like a recent, if it's too personal? But is that like a real, are they saying it's like a lifelong thing and you just found it or is it like is it something that developed later in life or they don't know?
Hello,
ma'am.
Hey
do
you,
wow. So what is it a fixable thing or is it just like a just don't overdo it for the rest of your life?
I did. Yeah.
Okay. So I guess it wasn't too surprising. None but still awful, but
Well that's yeah, that's interesting. That runs
in the family.
You don't
want to be,
wow. Well, I hope you're on the mend and I hope you can keep it under control and everything, so Yeah. Yeah,
wow,
I think we did check the time. Yeah, I think this is the second one you've done, this is the second one I've done.
Yeah, um this one I did, that was back in, that was back in the fall or now that was probably back in the spring and then I missed one and then this is I would have had three, but this is my second so I'm hoping I get more. I mean I think they're fun.
Yeah. I'll make sure they only pop up every once in a while, but I definitely I'll make sure I catch them. Yeah,
it
was fun talking to Jeff. All right.
You too right. Yeah.