you made a good decision. A very good decision. Not that we ever done that. You would. Thanks. And I wouldn't be surprised if with all the money was saving. It was a little extra something left over for departments boy. Yeah. Like enough for a big screen tv. Mm How bout little screen tv? How about a nice second hand radio? Okay. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Fuck yeah. Yeah. Really? Mm hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. But yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Hello?
Hi, how are you?
Uh, this is only my second time. I did one last night and uh, this is my second time.
So
you could for the first time somebody shut up wow.
Do you still get paid?
That's it. Uh doesn't count against your. Well I really like how many times? I think
hopefully
not.
You hear that noise?
I said do you hear that noise? Do you have a printer or something? Yeah.
Oh no. That was
like really
want. So how are you?
Well where are you at
that? You know the guy I spoke to yesterday? He was in Brooklyn? Where are you at in new york?
Well yeah I've only been to one place in new york and that was a buffalo and you know I've never been to the city. I'm in Atlanta. Well I'm like 15 minutes from Atlanta. Yeah.
Uh Well we just actually I did and oh sorry this is java.
And um whenever I start talking to somebody on the computer she has to be here. She needs the attention I guess.
I love her
to death. She is
she just turned four yesterday. Um last month. Yeah. And not only home school you're not here. That knows
it sounds like an airplane,
it's really loud. Um It just like comes and goes. But anyway, what was I gonna say? Yeah, I've only had her three years but year old because I got her from a shelter and
oh my goodness how it's live.
Oh well then we're together for a while. This is actually my
first
met.
Well,
Are they out more cats?
How
way
is it the same as as human? I mean like could they pass it on to you?
But. Mhm.
Never.
Do you you live with your parents?
I'm okay.
What's
the party here? Um That's you know weird that you said my dad uh last saturday he collapsed while he was hiking and he's
in the hospital right now
and really worried about him. But I'm really sorry to hear that was
there
only one person at a time and he's actually at the hospital across from my apartment. So it's generally me that sits with him um mom really camp because she just had she's had her fourth heart attack about
eight months ago. And she's got diabetes in the hospital is just not the place for her to be right now. So me and my my sisters, we alternate between sitting with them.
Did they like
you in the hospital with your dad?
They didn't want a person. Did he had Covid?
Well.
why were you allowed to go?
Well,
and he was
alarmed. How old was he?
But he's still young.
What?
I
I
want
to stay
away from the stairs after that. Yeah. Is it hereditary?
Are you uh are you still in a relationship? So you have somebody that that's good.
When you say you mean girlfriend? I
mean, I'm gay, I don't care.
All right.
I'm so gay and shit. Right? I'm wearing my ted Bundy shirt.
That's very weird. But you know, it's very specific, isn't it? Not
like a car accident. I mean it's falling down stairs, that's very specific, but I'm sorry to hear that, especially right now. It's got to be very difficult.
And was that limited as well?
No.
How I mean, how is everything else going? Is this
your only job right now? Online stuff
I want?
Well, I mean here um we don't even have overnight, they have to close it like I think it's midnight.
Yeah. I mean can't the pumps run without you there? I get
convenience store too. I guess people need their chips and beer
with.
Yeah, I used to uh I used to work for Blockbuster and um we were open every day of the year except for thanksgiving. But no, actually we're open on thanksgiving. We weren't open on christmas and people would come in rent their videos and you know, I can't believe they're making you work on thanksgiving. I'm like, it's because of
you, I think that's of you. If you would keep your ass at home, I could have a day off. Yeah.
Not
even,
no.
You have to every holiday, wow, How
long have you been there?
Well, I mean, it is kind of fortunate though that uh I guess you'd consider it essential worker being at a gas
station.
Uh
I just I do this and I do uh in turk um on amazon and also do uh it's called user testing, have you
heard of that?
And so I'm averaging like $1200 a month. So that's good because I I got sick, I got cancer and I'm in remission now and I have been for six weeks. That's good.
Um So and then when the pandemic hit it was just perfect to have these jobs that you could do at home and still be able to, you know, afford to live. Uh
So I'm able to pay my
bills. So that's nice.
But you said you tried them, you didn't like him
that is going on here.
We
didn't see I joined like six or seven years
ago, so I was accepted right away. And now they're just so um they're not, you know, it's very hard to get in now, but if you just stick into it because like my best friend, she tried it as well and she gave up and she's like, I'm not making any money. I got like 14 cents, that's all you're gonna get, you're gonna get a couple of dollars until you reach 5000 hits. And I'm averaging I mean I can get $20 a day easily now if I actually stick to it. You know I'm making like 506 100 a week.
It's just you just gotta you just gotta be patient and stick with it. But unfortunately you have an outside job.
Does your partner work? Yeah.
Yeah. That's what my friend's boyfriend works as pets for seven years. That's a long time and then
just
and
oh yeah I'm a part time, I go to school
and I'm just in my second year of undergrad and I can't imagine a masters. That's what,
it's not it's not really about what I'm gonna do afterwards. To me, the big thing is just getting that degree because I'll be the one in my family and
that's the big thing is just getting just having it. I don't you know I want to be a social worker. Ah But you know if I end up working at a gas station
I'm okay with that. As long as I'm working. By the time I finished we just got a new president we might have a higher you know we might have a living wage.
Oh I hope so
too.
I don't know. I don't
know
he's got a lot to prove right now so um he can't be worse. Yeah he definitely can't be worse. I was I took an Uber today um I had to go to the store and I was
the uber jar is this you know middle aged white guy And he was telling me you know in his little he's southern, I'm not southern, I grew up military so I grew up in Maryland and England and you know, so I go around the world, but we settled here in Georgia. This guy was Georgia and he's like, I'm not one of them people that, you know sticks around with a party once you find out they're liars and you know, if they do anything wrong, I'm not like that. And I'm like, oh, you voted for biden
shit. No, I didn't vote for biden. I voted for trump. And I'm like, I think you just spread, he said, I think them scientists are lying and I'm like, okay, you're just telling it
most of mine did here. I think that's the only democrat. But you know what's weird is that I have a twin sister and I have a sister that's only 16 months younger than us. Both of them married black men. Both of them have mixed Children. My twin sister, her son. Uh he's 24 just, he's married to a mexican immigrant who is undocumented
and she's voting trump. I'm like
And then my parents. No, I know my mom didn't or she says she didn't, but my dad did. And I'm like dad, you have four mixed great grandchildren, black and white. You have one great great great or one great grandchild who is mixed mexican, black and white. And you have a lesbian daughter. You vote for trump. I mean do you know what that says to me?
But my sisters, the ones that are married to black men, I'm just like, do you guys just hate yourselves. I mean what the hell is wrong with you? Actually me and my nephew, the one that's married to the undocumented mexican. Um We're the, we're the only democrats and my family. We're the only ones that voted provided my niece who is meant she went to a trump rally
here atlantic and
she had to be
cord
yes. You have a quarantine for two weeks. Oh my God you guys are that's not saying it's just you know I don't know what it is, it's like a cult. It's like you
can
Yeah the entire world, the entire world together to screen the trump to make him look bad. Uh huh.
You know what's horrible is that doctors without Borders yesterday declared America to be their focus right now um as a humanitarian crisis, how embarrassing is that we are the like the richest country in the world, you know one of the most developed and we're the humanitarian crisis. It's the same. It's embarrassing. It's a shame. Uh huh.
And it upsets me that that man even got as many votes as he got
but I can't
you know so the only thing I do know with my family voting for trump is that you can't say that every trump supporter is racist but there is something in trump that they agree with. Like with my younger sister it would probably be the homophobia because her and I do not get along because I'm gay with with my dad. It's all about money because he's a german immigrant but he's legal. Yeah so with my dad is just about money you know and he just can't stand the whole socialism thing. He worked his ass off. He did 20 years in the military and he's done 15 years with the C. D. C. He's worked his ass off and he doesn't want to give it to anybody you know? So it's like I understand that but take another Republican, I can respect another one. Don't pick trump.
for
Yeah I mean look at how many empty houses are you know and it makes me sick to see like these actors and actresses and these rich people that have houses that could you know that could house 20 people and their families. You know it's just it's so even if I was a billionaire, my house would not be that big. It would be like in the suburbs of maybe like six, you know four bedrooms, five bedrooms. That's it. There's no reason for one person to have that much. Jeff Bezos himself could have fixed the flint water crisis and still been a billionaire.
It could
yeah could still be a billionaire. You know it's like why if I were a billionaire that's what I would be doing, I would be helping communities, I would be helping people and no they're just selfish and greedy. And it's a shame
really isn't.
Well you know what the Bill Gates
Bill Gates does and he actually um he he does not plan on giving his Children any of the money. If he dies it all gets separate in the um charities and stuff. Him and his wife. They have foundations and they've actually helped a lot of people. They got a tuition free college that they support. That's actually they,
you know, they paid to have it accredited to where like U. C. L. A. N. Y. U. And some famous college and uh London you know they all or behind it. So it's like you can basically say you went to N. Y. U. And you're only paying like $100 a semester for your, you know, so and then he the vaccine he put his own money in. So I respect Bill Gates the rest of them. I read this meme word said uh Jeff Bezos. He goes to hell, well he probably will if there is a hell uh His hell should be that he has to work a minimum wage job for the rest of his life or for the rest of eternity. Oh no. He has to work uh for the amount that he has paid his lowest paid worker. Yeah. All right. So it looks like we're coming up to the end of this.
Yeah. Well, it's good when you um I would hate to I was really worried. I would hate to get somebody that you know that conversation law where you're just like, okay. So
as long as you have something to talk about for 25 minutes and then now you got to answer this long ass survey. But hey, it's almost $15. So that's not bad.
No, I think I don't like about prolific is you can only accept one job at a time.
Whereas
like in Turkey, I can accept 25 at a time. Inspectors work on it. But today I signed up, this is the first time I did this, I signed up for like a 36 cents.
prolific thing. And then I saw one for $5.56. So I canceled out of it. Now in Turkey. It does not hurt you if you return, Does it hurt you? I'm prolific.
Okay. That's good to know because I was worried that they would be like, all right, we're gonna limit you know how much, but that's such a sitting there working for your 32 cents. And then, and then you see like $10 you're like, oh my God. And then this year is great to get seven of these, seven or eight, whatever. What's your name?
Roland. I'm shiloh, it's nice to meet you.
You have a, well, we got one minute a big time, but you stay safe out there. Okay?
Is it cold?
well, good night. All right, bye bye.