pull up.
Hi.
Good. This is like the seventh time I've tried this and you're the first one who has shown up. Yeah,
I've
tried it so many times and no one ever shows up, so that's crazy.
Yeah.
Yeah. You get paid like a dollar 50 I think if they don't show up.
I'm not I don't think it counts. I don't know.
I think you
successfully do it seven times or something. Yeah. Mhm. I'm not sure.
Okay, what was that?
My laptops kind of love, I
think.
All
I'm good. How are you?
Um I'm in upstate new york
like upstate, so like central, not not new york city.
Yeah. Yeah. I've been to a buffalo a lot because my my sister went to school there. My partners uh dad lives there.
you don't have to apologize.
She's so adorable.
How
old is she?
no, I don't hear anything.
It's probably my laptop.
I've had four cats throughout my life. Um I don't have any anymore because they say that my mom's house when I moved out. But um right now, uh like we have um willow and onyx and there um they're like 12 and 13, respectively.
Oh, like 20 years I think.
so
like,
yeah, we got willow as a kitten, so like he's 13.
Um which is crazy. Um And then onyx we got when he was like four, so it's 12 down, but they're they're they're old boys and we just treated them for lice and the poor things. Like we had to give them baths. All
No,
they're very
in their test. Uh, Willow's been outside a few times, but like for the most part, like neither of them are allowed outside, so.
No, so lice um are very animal specific. Like, like for humans only feast on humans, laser cats only feast on cats. Um
Like they like they can based on other animals, but for the most part they don't,
but the poor things, they were, they were so sad, like we had to give them baths and like my mom and I were like leaning over the tub just trying to keep them in the tub, like pouring water over them.
I'm not anymore. Um
I moved out like two years ago. Um but I've been back a few more times, especially like last week because my dad just died on the
sixth.
it's okay.
So
Are
you allowed to visit him? Cause like,
polls.
that's
good.
No, I wasn't allowed to go at all.
No, so there was a huge spike in my area um like right around when he first, so he fell down the stairs um on like the 26 or something, and then he finally like, we made the decision to let him pass on the sixth. Um But so like, the day after he fell or something, um they decided that they were going to be no more visitors at all. Um So cute. So my mom got to visit him once
and then like, she got to stay, they told her only one person for four hours, but then she got to stay like the whole time because it was the last day for visitors ever. Um And then like, we were trying to decide like, are we going to give him a tracheostomy or whatever? Um or just comfort care and let him pass. Um and they gave permission for my mom and my sister to go see him on his last day like right before he passed, but I wasn't allowed to go.
Um It was maximum two people. Um Like they'd never no one had ever like no one had ever been able to get more than to end before and my sister hadn't seen him in a year um because she came all the way from texas to see him. Um And like my mom obviously because like you know um their marriage, so she stayed with him and right until the moment he
was gone. But
my
he was 53.
Yeah. Um He was um he was an alcoholic with diabetes. Um Those don't mix
and so he fell down the stairs and what's crazy is that his mom fell down the stairs last year and like she also passed so like of course like can she be unique or something?
I know that's
like morbid
humor.
But
we keep making jokes like, we're not allowed to be downstairs anymore, We're gonna get elevators.
Yeah. That's my partner here. Um
All
Yeah. Um They identify as gender fluid, so Yeah.
Oh yeah.
Yeah. Um Yeah. So like, of course, like they had to die from the same thing, like.
of.
With Covid it was rough, but um we like, we just had the like, memorial mass on Wednesday. So I was often
uh no, we just had to social distance a ton because like, yeah, but then I was I was at the I was at the mass and I started crying and my nose just started bleeding. It was this blood gushing everywhere and I'm like, I have to take off my mask.
Um Well, like everyone understood, it was like whatever, but
it
uh no, I work full time at a gas station um Up until now it was overnight and I finally got moved back to day shift,
I'm so excited.
Yeah, most places um like we're the only ones that are open overnight still, which is insane to me because we're at a gas station,
they could.
yeah, it's
a convenience store, it's also deli, so like we serve like sandwiches and stuff all throughout the night, like people will come in at like three am wanting like sandwich and actually why are you here?
Hi.
got all of those companies like my company um they do not close, like they literally have not closed the doors to that building in over like 10 years. Um
So
we're
we're open all the holidays were open 24 7. Um We're all we're all required to work at least three hours on every holiday,
Yeah.
Um I've been with the company for wants a 2.5 years but it's my like your I just came on a year at this store so
like
I have a job. Okay.
Yeah.
I
tried both. Yeah.
Ooh.
Yeah. That's
That's
good.
Um I think I got rejected from user testing because my there was mike issues or something, probably keep my laptop so long.
And then mturk I just couldn't figure out how to get good like
tasks
hey.
that's good.
Yeah so I have another job so
quit their job well at the beginning of the month I think. Um But they were with um like they were with petsmart for like seven years. Yeah.
I
know, like I but they were there in the master's program here,
so it's a full time thing and they just can't balance it.
No, no.
I got my undergrad and now I work at a gas station.
Oh, that's awesome.
What?
I hope so.
I
don't know. I feel actually do anything but
better
than trump.
solidarity.
I think.
Yeah, most of my family voted for trump and
That? Mhm.
Why? Why would you?
Yeah. How how does that compute?
What?
Just
to
get covid?
My
family still thinks that uh covered is like a hoax and stuff. Yeah.
huh.
It really is.
I know he
didn't win the popular vote.
Mark. See, I just think that we have all this food in this world, people
should have access to it. We have housing in the world, we have more than enough houses for every homeless person. We could just give them to them,
He still could. Yeah,
you still can.
The problem is that there's really no ethical way to be a bit later
because if you have all that money, it means you're not helping people
I mean, he does help people. Yeah.
What?
Look at taco.
Like not know what to talk about for the entire time.
Yeah. Like they everything on prolific pays so well.
That's
annoying.
All right.
I don't think it does. I don't think I counseled against you at all.
Roland.
Nice to meet you, too.
You too.
Ah Yeah. It's getting kind of cold. We usually get like lake effect snow and all that. So, Hey.
you talk to.