Uh huh.
Um I was just going through it and I just said that I have to talk to you for about 25 minutes and they they didn't mention the topic. Uh I don't think so, like
I have an idea.
all
The same people had the same sort of going on about two weeks back I guess. Yeah.
You
know um I signed up for it but uh I was at home and I thought like this is too long. I was I wasn't sure what needed to be done. So
You should see time in this text, you can keep track of. Uh Okay,
so
I have
to
come
after 25. I can go ahead and click on the next I guess that's what this is about.
Yeah. I'm trying to find out what this pose initially about.
Um You know sometimes
they imagine what they want to see or like I know they're recording us right now for driving the video conversation. So yeah. Did you do when you did it before? What was it about?
All right.
I am in indiana where you are you right now?
I've never been there have only been in the US. for like 44 years now.
I'm from Indio.
Okay. I'm from India. Yeah
I was in florida for two years like I came from my masters and uh after that after completing my masters you get three years to get some work experience. So uh
sorry
this was engineering. So I worked with data systems um sequel to avert and stuff like that.
No so I studied in florida at the university of South florida and then uh there's a college in indiana franklin college. So I moved in here and then I'm looking at uh as a staff for them. Yeah. Yeah
it
was
the
night,
I'm in Indianapolis. So this it was a nice change from Tampa, so
I was in
Tampa
before, it was like scorching hot. So
but
I used to love going to Orlando when I was in Tampa, so that's one of the things that I met, you know being able to drive from Tampa to Orlando and Annapolis is nice. I mean there's Chicago that I've driven to um michigan
school
of
live.
Yeah, I look like three hours um Chicago blue then michigan's close by and uh you know where else have you been? Tennessee's qualified.
because of the COVID-19, you know uh past three months, I haven't been able to get out a lot.
I was planning something for four July right? I don't think so. Anything's going to happen now.
okay.
And you have to just went through like the phase four of reopening, so that's been my workplace opened up. So since the educational institution uh face for they opened up so we have to go like we were working from home for 33 months but now we have to go back you know? So I wish it were not like that because it doesn't feel safe when I'm at the workplace.
No they don't have uh like it's up. So we were told that it's up to us if we want to wear masks we can do that if we want a very gloves we can do that, they have sanitizers that you can use and that's about it. So yeah
they
were like
general
yeah they just said that like you have to follow precautions if you want to, so there's like restrooms but um they don't get cleaned very often. Uh
How can you make sure that the previous person that he was kind of left it and uh
you know sanitized hygienic condition?
so um they have like a
we need are near our workstations. They're like packs
the 50 gloves so you can use them and throw them and use them and throw them. But I mean the thing is we weren't given an option. We were told that if you want to you can work from home if but you have to give it and give it a letter saying that I'm scared to come back to the workplace for X. Y. Z. Reasons. Um If
they can address those reasons well if not then you can work from home. Yeah.
No
mm Help me.
Um So I
had
about I had about three weeks of vacation days so I thought this would be the best time to use them. So I'm going about three days a week and then to these two days out. So uh mhm.
Yeah. But my manager school like he said that I can work for a moment if I want to and there is no he's not going to um let
anybody know if I don't turn up to the office. Yeah.
How have you handled liberty between the coronavirus?
I used to
I don't have a car. So I had a rental that I started in february of this year and I never gave the car back. So I just keep on extending it because um that's like the easiest way for me to drive pickup reports, free pickup from programmer or walmart, you know, or online and then pick up in store. I do that.
Album.
All
Hello. Next.
Yeah. Well, I I used to drive throughs, but you know, there are KFC's
Wendy's Mcdonald's, they have like they haven't noticed that says uh
huge in their mosques and usually have gloves. But some of the people that are serving food, they're not,
you know,
they don't
work. It's like um and I was when I was making a payment, I just asked for that you have a notice that says I should wear a mask when I'm making like handing you over my car, but you're not wearing a mask. And you were talking to me and telling me how much I owe. So
away. They could play strictly imposed those for people
for men.
Like
uh from what I heard um from my workplace is I haven't been here long to kind of uh completely understand the political scenario, but from what I understood from my workplace when people talk is uh Indiana is mostly uh like it's mostly a red zone, most of the house version um like downtown Indianapolis might be thankful blue zone, but Gregory go outside of that circle, it's a red zone, so
well.
I've been there twice, so
high,
kind of like um I was hoping to get a job in Chicago, it was kind of seemed more um young crowd oriented compared to Indianapolis.
no in Ashikaga? Oh
I've
heard
about a lot of crime, like if I talk about indiana I've heard about crime being high in near the Gary indiana area mm And
that's
about,
And
I didn't
marry before so I was browsing and red ones and then that read that if you're trying to Chicago make sure that if you're not you don't pass through Gary one way or the other like don't take an exit over there if you if you want to take a stop when you're driving.
Which other cities have you? Have you lived in or have you been
to me?
It's no before I moved to Indianapolis. So this Maria was the first time that I was actually like seeing seeing snow.
No.
it's a dry here and then
it
it's like Tampa so if I talk about it
I think I haven't
been
able to place in the U. S. So the heat that Tampa has is kind of the same thing that you know to know that part of India as so you even have to go to first.
I
have.
New Delhi. So that's kind of
there is a land left in New Delhi for people to buy to build houses
that's like almost covered.
Um The last I went was in december so when I came back in january and that's when this all started so no plans right now. I mean all of the international flights are closed as of now so it'll be different but maybe once once a year that was the kind of thing that I was doing it. Yeah.
Yeah. My um so the place like my workspace is a co shared workspace, but once I worked with one other person um he and I asked him like a lot of questions because I'm trying to understand a lot of things um that are different in terms of how stuff works in the US versus how I've seen in in India. So he was talking about elections, about the primaries. Um How that's what how do elections happen and how are people actually stuff like that? That was interesting.
No.
No
no, not
this
year. Next year would uh By the end of next year I'll complete five years and after that.
Yeah, that's then is when I can apply if I continue to be a resident of the same county, that's when I can do so.
Actually mix the stuff from people that I work with, they were like biden is good, but he is in some ways uh senator to donald
trump in the way it's
All
What?
The
superior?
I read about that just yesterday I was watching netflix and then Hassan Minaj had a series about the upcoming elections and he was talking about how the democrat party is um
is both moderate and then progressive. It's like a mix of both. Uh
Good.
I
know.
Yeah. Somebody will one or the other party will end up doing it so maybe it's to it's
just
hard.
Catch.
I
know that he's doing like if you I'm sure you might have seemed like the recent uh immigration stuff that is that uh talking to catch one B and work leader. I know that the hand goal is trying and you know, real and those jobs so that people that are native to America, they kind of start and they apply to those jobs and the unemployment rate goes down um When when the unemployment numbers are measured, they don't consider the people that are coming from other countries when calculating those numbers. So I think his end goal is to bring those numbers down before the election um to kind of felt him sweetie like words. Yeah.
I know.
I
know a lot of tech work gets outsourced because it's cheaper to pay uh like a consulting firm to get labour from other countries, from china, from India, from Malaysia, from Indonesia, like um get the technical support for technical development work done, You know, we're seeing it than hiring somebody over here, you know, and paying paying them a wage and also paying for their health care and the 41K. All of that stuff, you know so you know that's the cheaper option. But um if the companies do end up, you know start hiring people, we're here for legal jobs um their profit margins would go down and then,
Yeah.
should
come
to
a
lot
of the car
Yeah a lot of uh the prices for you know prescription medication is kind of fixed by these health insurance companies. Um Yeah it's based on like how much premium people end up paying on an average per person and that's probably decided that how much an average person would require medication if they kind of gauge the price is based off of that.
No.
Minimizing costs. Yeah.
Good.
Okay. And then they try and I mean it's not like the companies have already made a profit in the past 10, 10 years or so based on the current health care model, they just want to make more and more money on
that.
distant.
No, I think uh they pay in british pounds, but then I use Paypal to cash out and then do stuff.
And
I kind of found out about prolific um, way too late that it was like other people have been doing it for a lot of time. Um, I wasn't ready and then there's a, there's a there's a suburb and that kind of mentioned that probably is a great weight. You know, if you have some free time so you can do
some
surveys
that actually pay II
What?
Well they kind of accepted me as an Amtrak worker but then I did not sign in for like a week. So they kind of said that well we've seized your account act for now and you have to provide like idea proof and all of that stuff. Um
Yeah. It takes like a full like a full day's chopped crying over there
home.
Yeah. I used to use to surveys online and then I found like prolific to be the most um
you know, cost to effort ratio. So
well
you know um I
used
to use black bucks before and then like a bunch of other sides but they don't really pay sense Um for 10 minutes or days and then 15 minutes or base. Right? Not that much.
27 48.
It was. Yeah. I think I'm just gonna should I disconnecting them, click on next or should I go ahead?
The body is,
Mhm.
Uh I think so. Bye
bye.