Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Oh, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. What top? Mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Right, mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. You know. Mhm. Mhm. Right. People. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. You could report. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, absolutely. Mhm. All right. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Something really
Did they uh did you get any info about what we're supposed to talk about or? No?
Read it
two inscrutable 4 12 05 So we got to go
to like 12 30. I did this once before. You gotta
Did you do it then or you
didn't do?
We're just going to make sure they are really the only thing that strict about is the exact time. Like make sure we get to 25 and then they then you get everything.
Sorry.
I
got
mine
on my phone.
I'm afraid to find a position for this one.
Some
people.
They didn't give us a topic then either. I think they do sometimes and
lot of times they don't just to see uh some, I talked to some lady from California, but she was different politically than me. So I don't know if they knew that ahead or not, but it took us like 10 minutes to get to that. Probably. Yeah.
North Carolina
would you come from?
No, I mean, what what country did you?
What is in the indiana has got to be a weird change of pace them.
Medical,
a medical degree.
Are you at Purdue or something then? No.
Would you like indian or is it they don't
have
been
through
Indianapolis? Mhm.
There
was
hot.
Yeah. I've only been there when I was younger in the 90s, but it was terrible. I didn't
I didn't really like Tampa then, but it's not the same. It was just too hot for me then and I was from Minnesota and Wisconsin. Mhm. But I liked Orlando. Yeah.
What is
it?
two
hours, Chicago?
Tennessee is we're actually, what was that? West Virginia was kind of pretty when I drove through there all the bridges in charleston and Okay.
Yeah, me neither.
It's getting worse here now because the government was kind of forced to lift the restrictions and now they're trying to impose things little by little, but it's a divided state here too. We got a Democratic governor, but then legislature is conservative. Uh
huh.
It doesn't.
a
club
for
a lot of. Uh huh.
hmm.
Do
they supply you with a lot of gloves or because if you had a pair of gloves and you didn't touch anything and you threw them out, but you have to dispose of them so often
quick
new.
Did
you work from home or are they gonna cut your time
or your hours? Uh
That's interesting. You did you try to do it? Are you going to
there's
our pressure.
Mhm. Yeah.
B
Mhm. Yeah.
Have to spend at home constantly in ordering food online, which has actually been difficult. I thought that was going to be easy. But amazon didn't make it easy. They raise prices and they didn't keep stock up the delivery places, fault it falls through all that are not delivery food but ordering from the local grocery stores or Target or something like that. It falls through almost every time. Just
about
But I find some things on amazon if you take a lot of time and you search you can find things but a lot of things you want, you know, you may not or it's just difficult, it takes more time than you expect. But and that they deliver well when that actually does come. But I haven't tried delivery with any of the grocery stores because it's try to target and whole foods, but they didn't end up delivering them. They kept delaying it.
So I stopped going to wal mart because wal mart
around here,
the city in charlotte is a lot different than the suburbs that haven't really had that experience before in other cities. But it's a lot more the suburbs get really conservative really fast and the city's liberal and then the Walmarts are total mix and so they can't control it. It's kind of like going in there. The targets are stricter. I don't understand how that works, but bomber just can't control people wearing masks or anything around here and some people get really upset about it. Some of the yeah, it's kind of a little war
hey.
Yeah.
It's
not
weird.
It is bizarre. I noticed that to us. All right,
Their
government seems to be leaving it up to the city's well the states, but in the states have trouble. Some states like Washington or where everything is one sided. They can easily pass laws or restrictions, but indiana is really divided too. Right? I would assume like
politically.
And then you got to get up to Gary and then that's a weird area of Chicago. I live in Milwaukee to and even though that's still two hours Chicago kind of expands up into racine and kenosha, a lot of people will live there so they can pay different taxes. There's a ton of commuting. The train is $7 from Kenosha to get to the loop. But it seems like they did the same thing and Gary, Gary is more extreme
than that. There's a lot more people there. Mr caldwell. I really liked it. My family is from there. What?
It
is fun.
Living is tough though. You got, well the loop is really expensive and then you can go north into the northwestern area and Lakeview Evanston and that's affordable. But the rest of the city, the south northwest west side a really really high crime mixes so you can get good renting someone. But there's a lot of gang wars and then the suburbs are exceptionally expensive around there more so than just about any metro that I've seen. So you got it, you got to find little pockets. It's a weird city, There's a lot of history of corruption.
Yeah. The north side just north of the loop North Loop that that seemed to be the best deal that I found for apartments and I was in that house is you have to go pretty far for good prices on that. I it's
just
cold.
there's
a lot of
drug transport and I'll but this is different type of crime. I mean like check out then like India I guess it's just gang warfare. It's just guns and drug dealing and so. I don't know.
I know
I want,
Yeah it's probably not that bad. I don't know. I I really don't have stopped him. You never know. I've heard that about some areas of L. A. To and who knows?
this
Minneapolis lived there for 12 years. I like that. But it's really nice. It's just cold. It's really really cold in the winter and then just
we didn't get to the
last few here. It's got to be so in India. Is it more of a dry heat where you were living?
It's like
a las Vegas Nevada. It's probably hotter than that.
I
want
him.
you're in the northern is
that
the harder India's way? So yeah
you're in New Delhi area. This one that's going to be well no that one in Shanghai might be the biggest cities in the world in like 20 years. Tokyo. Well they're so huge. The suburbs and everything. It's hard to tell but they're saying shanghai might somehow get that many people to I mean Tokyo is that like 35 million for the whole area but it doesn't really grow much anymore.
There isn't. Uh huh.
What did you still go back to visit the family or?
Things old changing. We'll get our election in november and that's going to be really big deal.
Are
you going to be able to vote? But
so you're not an official?
That's
where
that's all it works.
Things if the biden does when they're probably be the next couple of years, a lot of changes with even healthcare and they'll crackdown on Covid a little more and it will be interesting. It's looking like oh it's going to go. But I mean
she
does he's kind of support military budget big on that. Which is too bad about for me. I just there's
too much,
so much military money spent here. I
mean he's
more like biden is actually moderate. Like an actual moderate. Mhm.
Oh
They don't like the progressive part of it though. They don't I mean I I'm progressive but it like the Sanders and warren wings of the Democratic Party, they try to push them out and they really do do a lot of things to
keep the debates disadvantageous to them. And I mean it makes sense because they really are different but warren is more compromising. She seems
to try
to unite the party a little more. I was like Sanders but he they see him as divisive I don't really but I mean I guess it's just european liberalism pretty nice. Not anything, it shouldn't be anything new here but people really think it is. They're just trying to get health care paid for trying to find a way that it doesn't bankrupt us. Like what they've done in Germany and Things that have worked for 50, 70 years. But it's a weird country people don't this is a different history. It's gonna happen one way or another over the next 20 or something.
The
immigration
the corporations we have so many great universities and research centers but we can't alienate asians, you know what I mean? They come over here and get an education to go back. That doesn't help.
I mean it's important to have somebody who isn't I don't know I just don't like some of the things trump says are just really
not productive. Mhm.
But the funny thing is also a lot of our manufacturing work in places like Mexico or in africa, I mean these are jobs that would have to pay 20 times more if they were brought over here, but they don't talk about things like that about our manufacturing and industry in different countries and then the you know, two cents an hour type of wages that they're giving people. So I mean if you're in criticised, I don't know a lot of the immigrants that come here from south are from central America to they don't get paid normal
wage, they'll get paid in cash from people or with housing, but they're saving money paying those people. So I mean result they don't ever talk about things like that, I don't know how it is. You're north Carolina. There's more of that in
texas and those places. But
Yeah. They need to take her health care and things like that. Have to be taken care of. Yeah. I mean last month I pay because my health care lapsed well Trump had changed in 2017 but I applied for a special program but it lapsed and I had to pay $500 for my medications and there's only two of them. All right. But that's a significant amount. I mean under the insurance I was speaking about 25 a month
But they shouldn't cost 500 to begin with. People
can
pay
what they can afford. But mm to
my
my
student debt I owe 60,000 there. But Until I get a job that pays 80 years so it's gonna be hard for me to really. But then I would gladly pay it and hold myself to that.
There's some statistical
only it's for a profit and that's something that yeah, probably shouldn't be. And so an issue with people getting free meds, like a lot of the Democratic candidates run on the idea that well we want to help people but we don't give them a free ride. But it's not about a free ride, it's about minimizing costs.
I mean you're
using basic statistics discovered in the 1700s to evaluate your profit margins and risk factor, you know, just based in Gulshan statistics,
You
know, and then they can invest it overseas and all that. Is this prolific reason. Yeah, this one this british pounds. So every
everything on here is worth more. It's like a 1.2 exchanges what I get for. Is there a better way to do that? I always get between 1.19 and 1.21.
Yeah, but you still get that 1.2 conversion right now? Well
I don't know when that happened.
Is
the
easiest?
Testable minds should use testable minds. That one does. It doesn't have many and then obviously amazon
turk has the lowest but you have to figure out what works.
if you have time and it enter takes longer to establish and to get money from there are some things on there that are so easy and if you have a full time job already you can just eyeball it every now and then you say, oh these are really easy to do it for two hours and but it's allowed there, so there's thousands more. So you really have to kind of spend time figuring out I can make a I can make full time money on that one but it takes over.
It took me about three months to get used to it and now I eyeball it and I know and it's really worth it or not. Sometimes I get screwed a little bit. Not
like it used to be but. Mhm.
Rila.
Yeah. Yeah it's
always good
very
much.
I think we just hit 25 26.
Okay so we should be good then.
You just go to the next minute. I think it automatically does it does it
it was nice talking to you though. Okay
well maybe we do have to exit out.
well it was nice
talking to you. Yeah.