SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Thanks. Mhm. What? Mhm. Right, mm hmm. Mhm. Everyone thank you. Mhm. Yeah. All right. Anybody, Yeah. You won't, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. You know, number two? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh, yeah. But
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing all right in you.
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing pretty good. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Sorry. My cats just climb mom. My cat just help.
SPEAKER_L: no. Do you need to go check on him?
SPEAKER_R: Oh no she's fine. She's just not liking the lamp that I put in front of me because of the will behind me. What? That's okay.
SPEAKER_L: For
SPEAKER_R: So she's used to it. So
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: how are you
SPEAKER_L: doing well and yourself.
SPEAKER_R: doing? Just fine. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: for sure. So, how is your weekend this weekend? Have you done anything interesting? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Not really just mainly stay around the house clean, enjoying my weekend. My big boss. You
SPEAKER_L: Um I mean, it's like any other day, like I work from home, so if I really don't have any much difference. What about yourself? Are you an essential worker? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I just started work. I am uh retail uh like Nordstrom, something like that. So it's so it's been kind of difficult getting back into the swing of things. It's like yes days off.
SPEAKER_L: Do you have like a sad schedule like are you a week thing or is it whenever?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. It's like it's mostly whenever but in the morning so it's like tomorrow maybe maybe not.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's good. At least it's like you can have your evenings to yourself. Have you watched anything good on netflix lately or any streaming service?
SPEAKER_R: I have it. I'm surprised I haven't I've been wanting to watch the haunting of my house but I haven't just that down yet.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. For sure. What else do you like to watch, like, what is your favorite genre of movie?
SPEAKER_R: mm tend to go forward like um not just not comedies but like I don't have to say it like the last movie I watched was in no homes, I really liked it
SPEAKER_L: that one was really cute. Did you know that they're getting sued?
SPEAKER_R: They are why both?
SPEAKER_L: sir, Arthur, Conan Doyle's estate owns Sherlock Holmes after I think a certain year, I think it's after 1929 and in 1929, Sherlock Holmes, he's nice and he gets along with cats, but before that he was really mean and he hated cats. Something weird like that, like, very specific. And so you can't, like, since he's in the public domain, anybody can write a story with Sherlock Holmes, as long as he has those characteristics and netflix decided to make them nice and like, agreeable. So they're like, no, you didn't pay us rights, so we're suing you now.
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's really interesting mhm
SPEAKER_L: read a lot of books um and so I really didn't know that either until I heard it. I think I heard on a podcast. Yeah, I think it was a podcast that I heard it on and I thought it was absolutely hilarious that you can anybody can write a Sherlock Holmes book. As long as it's this version of Sherlock Holmes, which is the version we don't know because we're all familiar with, like, a certain version of him.
SPEAKER_R: like mostly what we see him in like mostly it's gonna be movies mhm
SPEAKER_L: so like the one, the BBC edition, the one with robert Downey jr like that fun, quirky, playful, that's not the original original. Uh Like the first stories of uh Sherlock's were just like what we our whole life is a lie. Uh huh. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: that's what interesting
SPEAKER_L: He
SPEAKER_R: I will never get
SPEAKER_L: like the things you because there's some books so after I think 100 years if you don't renew your your copyright or you don't um own rights to it, like it becomes public domain so you can get a free copy of the book online legally. So it's just kind of funny that out of everything like that, that specific thing would be misused. I've been watching Emily in paris and I don't know if I like it and I don't know if I hate it.
SPEAKER_R: not one a lot, I'm just like should I sit back and watch it or why not if
SPEAKER_L: watched
SPEAKER_R: you know
SPEAKER_L: it because I mean everybody is roasting it on twitter and tick tock, like everyone all they're doing is making fun of it And so I'm like I'm just gonna check it out and I'm like there's parts of it that are like funny and then they're like 90% of it is, it's just cheesy.
SPEAKER_R: mm it's like oh my gosh I'm doing that
SPEAKER_L: it's a big hallmark movie. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yes yes like something just draws you into that you know they're terrible but you just can't walk away, it's like
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: I just don't see how this ends, I know how it's gonna end but I need to feel
SPEAKER_L: I know, I'm like, should I just like skip every other episode? I think I could probably use it together,
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: but it's a good show to have in the background when I'm working. I don't really have to pay attention to it, so that's like that's pretty cool about it.
SPEAKER_R: That's nice yeah. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: So if you don't mind me asking like what side of the, do you live in the US? Do you live like in the midwest? Like you have to tell me where specifically, but like do you live in the north, the south, the east,
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: the west,
SPEAKER_R: from Richmond thing. Which cities Chicago so it's like pretty big.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, the last person that I talked to on this was in Chicago as well. I live in texas. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I live in texas.
SPEAKER_L: No way.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I moved here like three years ago now
SPEAKER_L: Where did you live?
SPEAKER_R: mm Lufkin that's like three out, two hours north of Houston.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I live in san Antonio. Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: too far
SPEAKER_L: we say that, but then we start driving her like it's forever.
SPEAKER_R: like it's been six hours are we there yet?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I tell people that it's like easier to leave the country than
SPEAKER_R: So?
SPEAKER_L: to leave the state. I think I think it's about two hours from here to Laredo And then eight hours to like, like outside too and bustle. So Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: well like oh I used to tell people oh this is just a day trip like drive two hours out of your way and then two hours back that's four hours driving like a day trip really? It's like yeah we just I went to get my phone there at once just because right
SPEAKER_L: have you are you going to get the new life? Are you going to get the new iphone
SPEAKER_R: mm I'm probably not seeing as I replaced my phone earlier this year, it's like nah this was still you, it's still good.
SPEAKER_L: For sure. I saw it and then I found out that it's not coming with the new like plug in. So just coming with the cable, but not like the plug, like the wall plug. I'm like I have like
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: a million in my room somewhere. Like the wall plug is not coming with that. But I mean I have a million of those. So
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I think,
SPEAKER_R: true for me it's backwards. I have like two or three of those, but like a million cables.
SPEAKER_L: no, I lose them. I have two precious cables and they're like, don't touch them, don't look at them somehow meant to plug it in perfectly, keep it straight. Don't bother it.
SPEAKER_R: No, I think the worst idea is that once I put them all away and I'm like, wait, I forgot that one or two of them didn't work. I'm like, what was it? They all look the same because I'm like, oh, I'm just going to keep it the same. All either black, we're all whitens, like nice, cool.
SPEAKER_L: For her, Iva started to like, like before I would put like little marks on them, I'd be like, oh, you know, this one works really fast or like it was color coded. I mean it was just all mental. Like in my head I'd be like, oh, this one charge faster than this one. It's not really true. Like there's no proof, but that's
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: what I
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: would do for sure. So what moved you up to Chicago?
SPEAKER_R: Well, um, since it was like a smaller, mid sized city, I'm like, you know what, I'm sick and tired of this small town, I I was born in Chicago, so I'm going to go back there, I have family up there and my ass like, you know what, Come live with me and I'm like, you know what? I'll do it, wow.
SPEAKER_L: That's how my aunt is with Colorado. She's like you should just move here to Denver. Like every time I talked to her she's like there's a room there, it's ready for you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think I have a list of note in mine. My cat was here in just a moment. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: old is your cat?
SPEAKER_R: It's She's two, Maybe 3, maybe three.
SPEAKER_L: So she's still pretty young. What's her name?
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Her name is Neil and she is oh, a chubby little thing.
SPEAKER_L: She's like, don't put me on camera. Hello. She's like, I'm not ready for this mu like like the poker one.
SPEAKER_R: there's a parking lot and they really don't like me. I didn't name her after an anime character, but I don't remember which one now, you can't tell. But she's missing two teeth because she likes getting into plastic bags and playing with that.
SPEAKER_L: And it ripped out her seat
SPEAKER_R: Like it like they were crooked to begin with.
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: And I'm like, my child needs phrases and now it's like uh gap to and it wasn't just, it wasn't just both and that was, that was one and I'm like, at her top that check up, I'm like, should not be worried about this. And they're like, no, they're pretty much useless and just like the front ones and um I'm like, okay, so since that the one that fell was not the one that I expected. I shall not be surprised when the one that's like twisted and halfway out finally goes and he's like, no, don't worry about it.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I mean what do they all she eats is like dry food and wet food correct? Like Yeah. So it's not like she's hunting for mice, right?
SPEAKER_R: Well even though since
SPEAKER_L: And yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's a lot more obvious up here than it is down in sex is when the nice tend to find around this time we do get mice but we haven't seen any and she just plays with them, which I am relieved about.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Well that's very humane of her. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: she doesn't eat them. It's like just oh look another fun toy.
SPEAKER_L: Is that like the only pet that you have?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I want to get her another companion. Since um if I'm outside of the house a lot, I don't want her to stay alone because then she'll and eat every week. Mhm. Right. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: And then what else do you like to like? Do you like you are you a plant person to like, have you gotten into plant collecting?
SPEAKER_R: We had one plan having at least one or two plants but then level shutdown being up and I'm like, you know what let's collect for plants. I'm not good at keeping them alive. I live in a basement apartment so they don't get a lot of light. So let's see how this goes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Did you find any plants that were good in low light?
SPEAKER_R: Usually like the bamboo and like the little poems, they tend to survive a little bit more. And the rule of spider plant that that ones that would have been with me for like the past three years. So I'm like ok I know I can keep one plant a lot.
SPEAKER_L: Does your cat like the spider plant?
SPEAKER_R: She leaves him alone for the most part. It's this one right here that she likes getting into. Please don't it's already lost Like a lot of the little leaves. It looks well but that's because it's like the outside that's been dying. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I mean, that's pretty cool though. Like that your cat just like, because I saw a Tiktok that said like I, I've been, that's the one thing I've been doing is like watching a lot of Tiktok, like I was that millennial that decided to get on Tiktok because there's like different variations of millennials, like the depressed millennial during quarantine that I'm going to get fit one. And I was like, I'm just going to get on Tiktok. Mhm Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: My account has to start all over. It's like okay, time to collect people. I watch it again.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Did you like get logged out or did it like ban your account?
SPEAKER_R: Mm Since I had switched phones. I wasn't too savvy and like having it like automatically transfer my information from one to the other and I didn't have my well that's gone forever.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no. Yeah. Like right now I'm trying to get an old account back and I cannot find like, they're like, it's registered to this email and I'm like, okay, well that email is registered to this account because I put it in and then they're like, well, can help you just give us all this information. When did you make the account? And I'm like, I don't know. I think I made it in february, maybe in january. I don't remember.
SPEAKER_R: of last year.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, Sometimes one day, whatever it is, what it is. So that was like, it's been, it's been difficult, but it's so fun. Like I see a lot of ones that I think are hilarious and then every trend like, which is the greek God trend I think was like one of my favorite ones where people like pose and then they turned into a painting. Either their own was pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: for me it's like the video careful get uh what I wear if I was a video game character and like the pose and I just like seeing what they put together with what they own and it's like see a lot of us can make up, its like that, but we never wear them
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think I,
SPEAKER_R: sleep.
SPEAKER_L: so I've been going like my for you page has changed like slightly, like every time I don't know how I got into like ex mormon Tiktok. So I started just getting people that have left the church and then I got onto messy TikTok and I'm like, what? I don't want to be here. I want to go back to like witch talk and be happy
SPEAKER_R: For
SPEAKER_L: and be happy
SPEAKER_R: me it's
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: where to go into that because it's starting to see. It's like, oh, you like that video? Let me push the boat over there.
SPEAKER_L: It's just fun to mess with the algorithm because I mean, so I
SPEAKER_R: Come
SPEAKER_L: work
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: in social media. So like, this is like good for me to understand the algorithm, how it pushes things for you and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like how it like teaches you or like, excuse me, Oh, sorry, like learns to adapt to you as like a user. Um, and so for me like saying how it changes from like starting off with the dances, like with charli d'Amelio and you go into slowly like different other things like political tiktok and then you have being a tick tock and then you have like native TikTok and uh frog tiktok like uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's exactly, that's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like people own frogs and they just take videos of their frogs and you're like, this just makes me so happy. I like seeing you pulled animals like.
SPEAKER_R: if they were like, they have this one little quirks, like, okay, I recognize that edible and will probably recognize him again next time. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Um Let's see. So what do you like to do it for fun in Chicago? Like what is like, like a perfect day in Chicago? What would you do if you have all the money in the world? Like all the money and no lines? What would you do?
SPEAKER_R: See the thing is I like spending my time in park, so it's like probably go ice skating at a park or try to do something outdoorsy even though I'm really not, it's like it's hot outside. Ah the sun's out, I'm tired, I want to sit down now, but at the same time is like, okay, let's do it.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. You just need motivation. Like you need a friend to be like, okay, we're doing this, you're like, okay, let's go.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, pretty much like um my neighbor, I started hanging out with her since it's Just her and her baby. So I'm like, okay, I'll just go with you guys to the park, we'll walk there. So that became the 20s. Like if it were me by myself, I probably wouldn't go. But since I have someone with me is like let's do it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's like a fun thing like especially like under like this porn thing, like you're at least getting some fresh air because we don't take it uh into consideration how much fresh I re get normally like through our everyday lives, you
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: feel like your cats judging me?
SPEAKER_R: oh no, she she likes totally like she wouldn't be sitting like this for floors if I'm not moving too much, she will just climb up on me and just whatever. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: that's very nice.
SPEAKER_R: like she's a really cute cat. I'll be sitting down watching T. V. And the next thing I know she's climbing up on like this or are we on the computer? Actually climb up on me like this?
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's very nice.
SPEAKER_R: it is. She's helped me a lot with not feeling too lonely up here during this quarantine.
SPEAKER_L: Did you get her as a kitten?
SPEAKER_R: She was already about a year old. Like she was already done growing so I probably missed all those fun.
SPEAKER_L: quirky moments. Mhm. She's like, nah. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't like that occasionally. He'll be like, start buying me and be like, I'm gonna bite you, okay, you're done goodbye.
SPEAKER_L: No that's so funny. Do you like have an instagram account like do you ever do anything like that for her? Like anything funny,
SPEAKER_R: Not really surprisingly. I just
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: put up like random photos and it's like forget that I exist that it exists for like a couple of months and usually it's like, oh this scene the scenery looks really money. Let me put a picture, take a picture of that and put it on instagram. Or she looks extra cute today. Let me put a picture of her up Or she just lost her second tooth. Let me put up a picture of that.
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's usually looks like the funny stuff like when I don't know when like animals do something funny, like I I don't know where my dog is right now, I think he's outside, but he does like the craziest stuff and I'm just like, I can't handle you like, I don't know. I just I just love him. Yeah. Mm
SPEAKER_R: So how old is he?
SPEAKER_L: He's eight. He's like an older dog. He's like middle age actually. But everybody thinks he's a little puppy. But I'm like how like he looks old. He's just small.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. It's probably because they're not used to having dogs maybe. So
SPEAKER_L: Probably.
SPEAKER_R: you look young to them. I'm going to spray this girl if she doesn't stop. She She hates it when I'm talking to people. So that happens
SPEAKER_L: She's like, you can't have friends.
SPEAKER_R: like I can't remember a phone. You can't talk to people who are not me. Your people go,
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. What, what kind of music do you listen to?
SPEAKER_R: mm It tends to be like more like pop punk alternative type.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, who's your,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: what's
SPEAKER_R: am
SPEAKER_L: your favorite band?
SPEAKER_R: right now. It's probably still fall out boy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What's your Fallout Boy song?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh, jeez. And I have to choose. Okay, let's see.
SPEAKER_L: Well, Top three.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm immortals dance, dance and uh let's see. Mhm I can't think of the name of another one. Oh 27.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's literally a Q. Trait.
SPEAKER_R: It is. It's like, I can't choose which one stuff I listen to the most.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Have you seen them ever in concert?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I saw them once and I'm like, okay, I moved up here. I've been doing nothing but work. I'm gonna go concert. So it's like awesome. I don't know. We're going to have fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean like that's cool. Like you're living in Chicago. Like I feel like there's more access to like a lot more live music. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: really is. I was so surprised about that.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Like during the summer, there's like music festivals and stuff like that, almost like every single week and multiples at the same time, if you know where to look or depending what type of music you like.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What's your second favorite band like after Fallout Boy?
SPEAKER_R: Panic at the disco.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. I like Panic. They're pretty interesting. Like
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I like the lyrics in both of the bands. Like uh what is it Fall out Boy's very lyrical and they have like if you really listen to some of their lines you're like whoa, I would have never thought about doing that and then
SPEAKER_R: For me.
SPEAKER_L: Panic is just out there with their lyrics. But you're like I wouldn't thought about that either
SPEAKER_R: Right. What about you? What kind of music do you listen to
SPEAKER_L: pretty much the same. Um
SPEAKER_R: was in
SPEAKER_L: I listen to like everything. Um like that's kind of like my favorite thing. Like I'm obsessed with music. But like if I were to choose a favorite band, probably be my chemical romance. I really liked my chemical romance. They're
SPEAKER_R: that's that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: just so good. Like I'm obsessed. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I was so excited. I'm like, ah yes, they're gonna go on tour again after 10 years.
SPEAKER_L: Right. And the tickets sold out in like two seconds. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: did. I was lucky enough that I had like set timers and alarms like, okay, I wouldn't get tickets. So when they're up here, okay, it's gonna be like one of those music festivals, so I'm probably just gonna get a weekend pass because they didn't say which day then. Covid happens like.
SPEAKER_L: Right. It does that for you, just like, I just want an opportunity to get out there and excuse me to see the world and to listen to music and they're like covid, like see your house.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, I was really upset up at first because I'm like, okay, I'm getting out of retail into a different type of retail. So it went from like um Bath and Body works to like selling eyeglasses, like fitting them and all that's like okay, that's different and I can branch out to something else from
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: there and Covid happen and it's like that's not very cool of you. You start off some 2020. What happened?
SPEAKER_L: Right. It was because I mean like, I felt like last year was very stressful and I was like, okay, 2020 is gonna be a great year, like it's literally 2020 it's gonna be awesome, it's just a lot of fun blah blah blah.
SPEAKER_R: You know, old people were like really loving 2020 at the beginning like ah yes, everything is lining up.
SPEAKER_L: It was a test, it was literally
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: like how happy can you be, because we're about to make you real sad. Uh Like I had gotten a great job in february, literally in february, got a perfect job and I was like, oh my God, I love this job, I'm so happy. Um I work for a party store and basically run out over social media and I was like this would be awesome. Like I'm so happy. Like they let me work from home, I don't have to go into the store, I don't have to talk to people. And then Covid hit and like all of my hours were cut literally. I went from like full time to like four hours a week, so I have to work my magic in four hours. I don't know how I do it, but they're all super happy with what I can do. So now I'm like dang it like when I have 20 hours, 40 hours a week, I don't know what I'm gonna do with all that extra time. But yeah, it it throws everybody for a loop.
SPEAKER_R: It threw everyone for a loop like um I just consider myself really lucky that one that I was eligible for unemployment at the time. Oh look because you technically got hired, your start date was in March, so you qualify for extended benefits and I'm like, thank you a little
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: bit more. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: that's good. Have you had anything good to eat in Chicago? Like a really good restaurant? Have you gotten to try the local food?
SPEAKER_R: I don't really tend to eat out much and if I do it's probably with what I'm just familiar with, so that's the only thing I'm not taking too much advantage of.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, so it's like Chicago must have like amazing food. Mhm. What's your what's your favorite food to make then? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: the thing is
SPEAKER_L: There
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: are,
SPEAKER_R: like cooking either so it's like what do you eat? And I'm like I don't know, I snack throughout the day.
SPEAKER_L: What's your favorite snack? Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, well probably like cookies or something or um Mhm. Just sandwiches and just cut it up into little pieces and I'm like there that's fancier than just one big sandwich.
SPEAKER_L: Do you have a favorite sandwich? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: mm. No, I just like playing um ham and cheese child. Please behave. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: I like to go out to eat. Um I like hanging out at happy hour I think. Happy always. Like not just because it's like alcohol, but it's really cool to try like craft cocktails, like a good well done, well prepared cocktail. That's something I've gotten into during quarantine is like, I've gotten like a bottle of gin and I'm like, okay, well what can I make with a bottle of gin and not have to buy like all these bidders or liqueurs or anything else, Like
SPEAKER_R: More
SPEAKER_L: what can I do with gin and stuff at home? So that's been pretty fun
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: here. How long have we been in here? I don't know how long it's been on your end.
SPEAKER_R: I think it's 3:30 So we should be good for the time. I couldn't find my phone. Mm. Yeah. Uh huh. I don't hear the music. Oh there it is. Yeah. Yeah, we're good.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, awesome. Well it was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice talking to you too
SPEAKER_L: All right, bye bye.