Hi,
I'm doing all right in you.
Yeah.
Yeah
Sorry. My cats just climb mom. My cat just help.
Oh no she's fine. She's just not liking the lamp that I put in front of me because of the will behind me. What? That's okay.
So she's used to it. So
how are you
doing? Just fine. Mhm.
Not really just mainly stay around the house clean, enjoying my weekend. My big boss. You
I just started work. I am uh retail uh like Nordstrom, something like that. So it's so it's been kind of difficult getting back into the swing of things. It's like yes days off.
Mhm. It's like it's mostly whenever but in the morning so it's like tomorrow maybe maybe not.
I have it. I'm surprised I haven't I've been wanting to watch the haunting of my house but I haven't just that down yet.
mm tend to go forward like um not just not comedies but like I don't have to say it like the last movie I watched was in no homes, I really liked it
They are why both?
wow, that's really interesting mhm
like mostly what we see him in like mostly it's gonna be movies mhm
that's what interesting
I will never get
not one a lot, I'm just like should I sit back and watch it or why not if
you know
mm it's like oh my gosh I'm doing that
Yes yes like something just draws you into that you know they're terrible but you just can't walk away, it's like
I just don't see how this ends, I know how it's gonna end but I need to feel
well
That's nice yeah. Mhm
I'm
from Richmond thing. Which cities Chicago so it's like pretty big.
I live in texas.
Yeah I moved here like three years ago now
mm Lufkin that's like three out, two hours north of Houston.
not
too far
like it's been six hours are we there yet?
So?
well like oh I used to tell people oh this is just a day trip like drive two hours out of your way and then two hours back that's four hours driving like a day trip really? It's like yeah we just I went to get my phone there at once just because right
mm I'm probably not seeing as I replaced my phone earlier this year, it's like nah this was still you, it's still good.
No.
that's
true for me it's backwards. I have like two or three of those, but like a million cables.
No, I think the worst idea is that once I put them all away and I'm like, wait, I forgot that one or two of them didn't work. I'm like, what was it? They all look the same because I'm like, oh, I'm just going to keep it the same. All either black, we're all whitens, like nice, cool.
You
just
Well, um, since it was like a smaller, mid sized city, I'm like, you know what, I'm sick and tired of this small town, I I was born in Chicago, so I'm going to go back there, I have family up there and my ass like, you know what, Come live with me and I'm like, you know what? I'll do it, wow.
I think I have a list of note in mine. My cat was here in just a moment. Mhm.
It's She's two, Maybe 3, maybe three.
Mm. Her name is Neil and she is oh, a chubby little thing.
there's a parking lot and they really don't like me. I didn't name her after an anime character, but I don't remember which one now, you can't tell. But she's missing two teeth because she likes getting into plastic bags and playing with that.
Like it like they were crooked to begin with.
And I'm like, my child needs phrases and now it's like uh gap to and it wasn't just, it wasn't just both and that was, that was one and I'm like, at her top that check up, I'm like, should not be worried about this. And they're like, no, they're pretty much useless and just like the front ones and um I'm like, okay, so since that the one that fell was not the one that I expected. I shall not be surprised when the one that's like twisted and halfway out finally goes and he's like, no, don't worry about it.
Well even though since
it's a lot more obvious up here than it is down in sex is when the nice tend to find around this time we do get mice but we haven't seen any and she just plays with them, which I am relieved about.
she doesn't eat them. It's like just oh look another fun toy.
Yeah. Yeah. I want to get her another companion. Since um if I'm outside of the house a lot, I don't want her to stay alone because then she'll and eat every week. Mhm. Right. Mhm.
We had one plan having at least one or two plants but then level shutdown being up and I'm like, you know what let's collect for plants. I'm not good at keeping them alive. I live in a basement apartment so they don't get a lot of light. So let's see how this goes.
Usually like the bamboo and like the little poems, they tend to survive a little bit more. And the rule of spider plant that that ones that would have been with me for like the past three years. So I'm like ok I know I can keep one plant a lot.
She leaves him alone for the most part. It's this one right here that she likes getting into. Please don't it's already lost Like a lot of the little leaves. It looks well but that's because it's like the outside that's been dying. Mhm.
My account has to start all over. It's like okay, time to collect people. I watch it again.
Mm Since I had switched phones. I wasn't too savvy and like having it like automatically transfer my information from one to the other and I didn't have my well that's gone forever.
of last year.
for me it's like the video careful get uh what I wear if I was a video game character and like the pose and I just like seeing what they put together with what they own and it's like see a lot of us can make up, its like that, but we never wear them
sleep.
For
me it's
where to go into that because it's starting to see. It's like, oh, you like that video? Let me push the boat over there.
Come
on.
What?
Oh, that's exactly, that's interesting.
if they were like, they have this one little quirks, like, okay, I recognize that edible and will probably recognize him again next time. Mhm.
See the thing is I like spending my time in park, so it's like probably go ice skating at a park or try to do something outdoorsy even though I'm really not, it's like it's hot outside. Ah the sun's out, I'm tired, I want to sit down now, but at the same time is like, okay, let's do it.
Yeah. Yeah, pretty much like um my neighbor, I started hanging out with her since it's Just her and her baby. So I'm like, okay, I'll just go with you guys to the park, we'll walk there. So that became the 20s. Like if it were me by myself, I probably wouldn't go. But since I have someone with me is like let's do it. Mhm.
Well,
oh no, she she likes totally like she wouldn't be sitting like this for floors if I'm not moving too much, she will just climb up on me and just whatever. Yeah
like she's a really cute cat. I'll be sitting down watching T. V. And the next thing I know she's climbing up on like this or are we on the computer? Actually climb up on me like this?
it is. She's helped me a lot with not feeling too lonely up here during this quarantine.
She was already about a year old. Like she was already done growing so I probably missed all those fun.
I didn't like that occasionally. He'll be like, start buying me and be like, I'm gonna bite you, okay, you're done goodbye.
Not really surprisingly. I just
put up like random photos and it's like forget that I exist that it exists for like a couple of months and usually it's like, oh this scene the scenery looks really money. Let me put a picture, take a picture of that and put it on instagram. Or she looks extra cute today. Let me put a picture of her up Or she just lost her second tooth. Let me put up a picture of that.
So how old is he?
Mhm. It's probably because they're not used to having dogs maybe. So
you look young to them. I'm going to spray this girl if she doesn't stop. She She hates it when I'm talking to people. So that happens
like I can't remember a phone. You can't talk to people who are not me. Your people go,
mm It tends to be like more like pop punk alternative type.
I
am
right now. It's probably still fall out boy. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh, jeez. And I have to choose. Okay, let's see.
Mhm immortals dance, dance and uh let's see. Mhm I can't think of the name of another one. Oh 27.
It is. It's like, I can't choose which one stuff I listen to the most.
Yeah, I saw them once and I'm like, okay, I moved up here. I've been doing nothing but work. I'm gonna go concert. So it's like awesome. I don't know. We're going to have fun.
really is. I was so surprised about that.
Like during the summer, there's like music festivals and stuff like that, almost like every single week and multiples at the same time, if you know where to look or depending what type of music you like.
Panic at the disco.
No.
For me.
Right. What about you? What kind of music do you listen to
was in
that's that's awesome.
I was so excited. I'm like, ah yes, they're gonna go on tour again after 10 years.
did. I was lucky enough that I had like set timers and alarms like, okay, I wouldn't get tickets. So when they're up here, okay, it's gonna be like one of those music festivals, so I'm probably just gonna get a weekend pass because they didn't say which day then. Covid happens like.
Yeah. No, I was really upset up at first because I'm like, okay, I'm getting out of retail into a different type of retail. So it went from like um Bath and Body works to like selling eyeglasses, like fitting them and all that's like okay, that's different and I can branch out to something else from
there and Covid happen and it's like that's not very cool of you. You start off some 2020. What happened?
You know, old people were like really loving 2020 at the beginning like ah yes, everything is lining up.
It's
It threw everyone for a loop like um I just consider myself really lucky that one that I was eligible for unemployment at the time. Oh look because you technically got hired, your start date was in March, so you qualify for extended benefits and I'm like, thank you a little
bit more. Mhm.
I don't really tend to eat out much and if I do it's probably with what I'm just familiar with, so that's the only thing I'm not taking too much advantage of.
the thing is
I don't
like cooking either so it's like what do you eat? And I'm like I don't know, I snack throughout the day.
yeah, well probably like cookies or something or um Mhm. Just sandwiches and just cut it up into little pieces and I'm like there that's fancier than just one big sandwich.
mm. No, I just like playing um ham and cheese child. Please behave. What about you?
More
That's
I think it's 3:30 So we should be good for the time. I couldn't find my phone. Mm. Yeah. Uh huh. I don't hear the music. Oh there it is. Yeah. Yeah, we're good.
Nice talking to you too