Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I like that. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Thanks. Mhm. What? Mhm. Right, mm hmm. Mhm. Everyone thank you. Mhm. Yeah. All right. Anybody, Yeah. You won't, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. You know, number two? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh, yeah. But
Hi, how are you?
I'm doing pretty good. Right.
Okay.
Yeah.
no. Do you need to go check on him?
For
I'm
doing well and yourself.
for sure. So, how is your weekend this weekend? Have you done anything interesting? Uh huh.
Um I mean, it's like any other day, like I work from home, so if I really don't have any much difference. What about yourself? Are you an essential worker? Mhm.
Do you have like a sad schedule like are you a week thing or is it whenever?
Oh, that's good. At least it's like you can have your evenings to yourself. Have you watched anything good on netflix lately or any streaming service?
Okay. For sure. What else do you like to watch, like, what is your favorite genre of movie?
that one was really cute. Did you know that they're getting sued?
sir, Arthur, Conan Doyle's estate owns Sherlock Holmes after I think a certain year, I think it's after 1929 and in 1929, Sherlock Holmes, he's nice and he gets along with cats, but before that he was really mean and he hated cats. Something weird like that, like, very specific. And so you can't, like, since he's in the public domain, anybody can write a story with Sherlock Holmes, as long as he has those characteristics and netflix decided to make them nice and like, agreeable. So they're like, no, you didn't pay us rights, so we're suing you now.
read a lot of books um and so I really didn't know that either until I heard it. I think I heard on a podcast. Yeah, I think it was a podcast that I heard it on and I thought it was absolutely hilarious that you can anybody can write a Sherlock Holmes book. As long as it's this version of Sherlock Holmes, which is the version we don't know because we're all familiar with, like, a certain version of him.
so like the one, the BBC edition, the one with robert Downey jr like that fun, quirky, playful, that's not the original original. Uh Like the first stories of uh Sherlock's were just like what we our whole life is a lie. Uh huh. Mhm.
He
like the things you because there's some books so after I think 100 years if you don't renew your your copyright or you don't um own rights to it, like it becomes public domain so you can get a free copy of the book online legally. So it's just kind of funny that out of everything like that, that specific thing would be misused. I've been watching Emily in paris and I don't know if I like it and I don't know if I hate it.
watched
it because I mean everybody is roasting it on twitter and tick tock, like everyone all they're doing is making fun of it And so I'm like I'm just gonna check it out and I'm like there's parts of it that are like funny and then they're like 90% of it is, it's just cheesy.
it's a big hallmark movie. Yeah.
That
I know, I'm like, should I just like skip every other episode? I think I could probably use it together,
but it's a good show to have in the background when I'm working. I don't really have to pay attention to it, so that's like that's pretty cool about it.
So if you don't mind me asking like what side of the, do you live in the US? Do you live like in the midwest? Like you have to tell me where specifically, but like do you live in the north, the south, the east,
the west,
Oh, the last person that I talked to on this was in Chicago as well. I live in texas. Yeah.
No way.
Where did you live?
Okay. I live in san Antonio. Yeah. Uh
because
we say that, but then we start driving her like it's forever.
Yeah. I tell people that it's like easier to leave the country than
to leave the state. I think I think it's about two hours from here to Laredo And then eight hours to like, like outside too and bustle. So Yeah.
have you are you going to get the new life? Are you going to get the new iphone
For sure. I saw it and then I found out that it's not coming with the new like plug in. So just coming with the cable, but not like the plug, like the wall plug. I'm like I have like
a million in my room somewhere. Like the wall plug is not coming with that. But I mean I have a million of those. So
I think,
no, I lose them. I have two precious cables and they're like, don't touch them, don't look at them somehow meant to plug it in perfectly, keep it straight. Don't bother it.
For her, Iva started to like, like before I would put like little marks on them, I'd be like, oh, you know, this one works really fast or like it was color coded. I mean it was just all mental. Like in my head I'd be like, oh, this one charge faster than this one. It's not really true. Like there's no proof, but that's
what I
would do for sure. So what moved you up to Chicago?
That's how my aunt is with Colorado. She's like you should just move here to Denver. Like every time I talked to her she's like there's a room there, it's ready for you. Yeah.
old is your cat?
So she's still pretty young. What's her name?
She's like, don't put me on camera. Hello. She's like, I'm not ready for this mu like like the poker one.
And it ripped out her seat
But
Okay. I mean what do they all she eats is like dry food and wet food correct? Like Yeah. So it's not like she's hunting for mice, right?
And yeah.
Okay. Well that's very humane of her. Yeah. Yeah.
Is that like the only pet that you have?
And then what else do you like to like? Do you like you are you a plant person to like, have you gotten into plant collecting?
Yeah. Did you find any plants that were good in low light?
Does your cat like the spider plant?
Well, I mean, that's pretty cool though. Like that your cat just like, because I saw a Tiktok that said like I, I've been, that's the one thing I've been doing is like watching a lot of Tiktok, like I was that millennial that decided to get on Tiktok because there's like different variations of millennials, like the depressed millennial during quarantine that I'm going to get fit one. And I was like, I'm just going to get on Tiktok. Mhm Yeah.
Mhm Did you like get logged out or did it like ban your account?
Oh no. Yeah. Like right now I'm trying to get an old account back and I cannot find like, they're like, it's registered to this email and I'm like, okay, well that email is registered to this account because I put it in and then they're like, well, can help you just give us all this information. When did you make the account? And I'm like, I don't know. I think I made it in february, maybe in january. I don't remember.
Okay, Sometimes one day, whatever it is, what it is. So that was like, it's been, it's been difficult, but it's so fun. Like I see a lot of ones that I think are hilarious and then every trend like, which is the greek God trend I think was like one of my favorite ones where people like pose and then they turned into a painting. Either their own was pretty cool.
Yeah. I think I,
so I've been going like my for you page has changed like slightly, like every time I don't know how I got into like ex mormon Tiktok. So I started just getting people that have left the church and then I got onto messy TikTok and I'm like, what? I don't want to be here. I want to go back to like witch talk and be happy
and be happy
there.
It's just fun to mess with the algorithm because I mean, so I
work
in social media. So like, this is like good for me to understand the algorithm, how it pushes things for you and
like how it like teaches you or like, excuse me, Oh, sorry, like learns to adapt to you as like a user. Um, and so for me like saying how it changes from like starting off with the dances, like with charli d'Amelio and you go into slowly like different other things like political tiktok and then you have being a tick tock and then you have like native TikTok and uh frog tiktok like uh huh
Yeah, like people own frogs and they just take videos of their frogs and you're like, this just makes me so happy. I like seeing you pulled animals like.
Um Let's see. So what do you like to do it for fun in Chicago? Like what is like, like a perfect day in Chicago? What would you do if you have all the money in the world? Like all the money and no lines? What would you do?
Okay. You just need motivation. Like you need a friend to be like, okay, we're doing this, you're like, okay, let's go.
I think it's like a fun thing like especially like under like this porn thing, like you're at least getting some fresh air because we don't take it uh into consideration how much fresh I re get normally like through our everyday lives, you
feel like your cats judging me?
that's very nice.
Oh that's very nice.
Did you get her as a kitten?
quirky moments. Mhm. She's like, nah. Uh huh. Yeah.
No that's so funny. Do you like have an instagram account like do you ever do anything like that for her? Like anything funny,
you know?
yeah that's usually looks like the funny stuff like when I don't know when like animals do something funny, like I I don't know where my dog is right now, I think he's outside, but he does like the craziest stuff and I'm just like, I can't handle you like, I don't know. I just I just love him. Yeah. Mm
He's eight. He's like an older dog. He's like middle age actually. But everybody thinks he's a little puppy. But I'm like how like he looks old. He's just small.
Probably.
She's like, you can't have friends.
Uh huh. What, what kind of music do you listen to?
Okay, who's your,
what's
your favorite band?
What's your Fallout Boy song?
Well, Top three.
Oh, that's literally a Q. Trait.
Yeah. Have you seen them ever in concert?
Yeah, I mean like that's cool. Like you're living in Chicago. Like I feel like there's more access to like a lot more live music. Yeah.
I
Yeah. What's your second favorite band like after Fallout Boy?
Uh huh. Yeah. I like Panic. They're pretty interesting. Like
I like the lyrics in both of the bands. Like uh what is it Fall out Boy's very lyrical and they have like if you really listen to some of their lines you're like whoa, I would have never thought about doing that and then
Panic is just out there with their lyrics. But you're like I wouldn't thought about that either
pretty much the same. Um
I listen to like everything. Um like that's kind of like my favorite thing. Like I'm obsessed with music. But like if I were to choose a favorite band, probably be my chemical romance. I really liked my chemical romance. They're
just so good. Like I'm obsessed. Okay.
Right. And the tickets sold out in like two seconds. Yeah.
Right. It does that for you, just like, I just want an opportunity to get out there and excuse me to see the world and to listen to music and they're like covid, like see your house.
No.
Right. It was because I mean like, I felt like last year was very stressful and I was like, okay, 2020 is gonna be a great year, like it's literally 2020 it's gonna be awesome, it's just a lot of fun blah blah blah.
It was a test, it was literally
like how happy can you be, because we're about to make you real sad. Uh Like I had gotten a great job in february, literally in february, got a perfect job and I was like, oh my God, I love this job, I'm so happy. Um I work for a party store and basically run out over social media and I was like this would be awesome. Like I'm so happy. Like they let me work from home, I don't have to go into the store, I don't have to talk to people. And then Covid hit and like all of my hours were cut literally. I went from like full time to like four hours a week, so I have to work my magic in four hours. I don't know how I do it, but they're all super happy with what I can do. So now I'm like dang it like when I have 20 hours, 40 hours a week, I don't know what I'm gonna do with all that extra time. But yeah, it it throws everybody for a loop.
Yeah.
that's good. Have you had anything good to eat in Chicago? Like a really good restaurant? Have you gotten to try the local food?
Okay, so it's like Chicago must have like amazing food. Mhm. What's your what's your favorite food to make then? Yeah.
There
are,
What's your favorite snack? Yeah. Mhm.
Do you have a favorite sandwich? Yeah,
I like to go out to eat. Um I like hanging out at happy hour I think. Happy always. Like not just because it's like alcohol, but it's really cool to try like craft cocktails, like a good well done, well prepared cocktail. That's something I've gotten into during quarantine is like, I've gotten like a bottle of gin and I'm like, okay, well what can I make with a bottle of gin and not have to buy like all these bidders or liqueurs or anything else, Like
what can I do with gin and stuff at home? So that's been pretty fun
here. How long have we been in here? I don't know how long it's been on your end.
Okay, awesome. Well it was nice talking to you.
All right, bye bye.