How are you? Oh june good. I just knocked
over my hair.
I knocked over my, uh, there's this, I had this air plan. It's just a plant, but that lives on air and I have it up on my
blinds. Oh good.
It doesn't, it doesn't require much, it doesn't require much to survive. So that's good.
Oh, it's pretty good. You know, still in quarantine and everything. Um,
yeah,
I were in like, we're in, I'm in austin texas and so
we were,
oh, that's cool. Yeah. But I think it's actually, it wasn't worse in Dallas than there's um,
an
yeah, yeah, no, definitely. But like, yeah, we were like when things were kind of trying to ease up a bit and then we just went right back in corn and so yeah, I've just been chilling out all day. Um, I saw a Rubik's cubes. Okay.
No.
yeah. No, so I like I do it basically a speed keeps on trying to increase my time as much as possible.
Well
my fastest time is 11.36 seconds. Um
I got I got 11.99 the day
and I was, yeah, I was pretty happy about that, but I average around 18. Mhm.
Yeah. I love boston. We moved here.
Yeah. Yeah. So like we moved to Austin when I was, when I was 14, 19 now. Um And so I'm going I'm going to UT Austin next semester. Um My freshman year of high school
and like I didn't like it at first. Like we look kind of the suburbs dish. But I've actually
really, I think it's
like a
it's not like huge. And so even even then it's like a 20 minute drive into downtown. It's a chill city. Um I quite like it. I have no issues with that at all.
Multiple
war.
we've
got there's like there's like some nice, there's some nice stuff in Austin. Um Speaking of polls like, yeah, I mean last summer I was like grinding. I was a lifeguard.
I was like going out working a bunch for this summer. I cannot get old and sick.
I mean,
yeah, I mean, yeah, we have pretty, pretty big restrictions. I mean, we have, I don't well you the order the order out sometimes, like we'll go, we'll go pick up food. Um I think I could get like things are opened pretty much. Um I think they closed the bars and
were the main issue in Austin was the bars and like um it was like the bars, the park because there were all these people that were gathering there really
like.
well there was this tiny little park that that my my girlfriend I used to go to occasionally, they were like it was every time I went there I was completely deserted and
and
uh yeah and then I ever done there and like this teeny tiny park had like 50 cars in it, there were tons of people
there and like and so it's like that for everyone so bored. But
then the
bars were open and like obviously there's a big college population and generally speaking college students um not the best decision makers from what I've seen.
Well
they are like gathering up in these bars and having parties and truth and not like caused everything to like um till
I get really bad here.
But
I don't know I have, I have no, I don't really know. I know we're down because I mean double digits in terms of new infections every day. Like it's a lot better than it was a few weeks ago but it's still it's not it's not great. Um But yeah I mean like I'm going it's like I'm moving in like about two weeks I'm moving out of um I move I'm moving out of my parents place um this coop right interview chief
and
Oh I'm
so
you don't even know. But the thing is like even then like our coat like there's a there's basically time restrictions. Um I three of my classes are online, the other two hybrid and that was originally had three in person and they just got moved. Um They got
moved online.
Hi.
No I know people who have gotten sick. I've never really gone to the host none like personally. Um I have a I met like I know some family of ours and going to see um they were in the hospital but
they
didn't think recover but they did recover.
We have a family in college station. They got it, they were all fine. The UK and who's
guided
at.
Yeah. Yeah. And so I'm basically, I think it's kind of like adapted to the quarantine lifestyle. Um
Yeah. One of the thing is like I have kind of a dicey relationship, my family and so like um that was like unfortunate but like we were chill out basically. It's been like, it's been like this since March. Pretty listen like I think we came back from florida in late March and
we basically
just.
it was like the last hurrah I guess not being in quarantine but yeah, so we came back and we basically just been chilled. I've been chilling at home for
basically
four months.
Five points.
Well now it's more, I have very specific issues my belong anyways. But uh, but yeah, we like, and so the thing is like at first I had, I spent basically the first, um, like I was in a really bad mental state. I spent like basically the first month like video games and doing nothing else
and
like
I
call,
no, no, forget it. Hey, I play, I was playing to five and I was grinding to five.
civilization five. I also play Crusader Kings two. This is the main two games I play like a lot. Yeah.
But yeah, I was basically, um, I was basically getting, I was basically was like super depressed. I was playing games. Then I shot him on yesterday and I was like, and so I was like um I'm doing a lot better at that point. And
then I started
actually,
no, no, I'm trans. So like I
Yeah. Oh no, no. I mean, yeah, I've only been on that sure like three months I'm like possible. It's fine.
Three months. Three
months now
I think.
No, it's
I
mean
oh it's fucking great. Dude, I fucking love it. Like like I've got no compressed like a little bit. I'm like I've had some good my my skin skin changes and um it's like I forgot to listen to like a minute ago, but like I can pass every month if I like put in a good bit of effort into like straining my hairdo and makeup and stuff. So I've been vibing pretty hard with it. But like and then I was like, all right, we're gonna get productive. I started like budgeting for college, I've been like making some money
on
a bank. Um And so I'm like
oh I sort them on the 25th I think. Um
yeah, well I'm moving, I'm living in this housing co op,
it's basically this uh yeah, it's just a bunch of, a bunch of students are living together in a big house. Um and it's about half the price of the dorms. Um And so like I'm going to college on a scholarship that I somehow got and so
I'm saving 4000
extra bucks.
lately like
yeah, I was I was like what? But anyways um and so I'm saving a bunch of money by going and living here and it's like it's like a 10 minute walk to campus, I'm pretty happy
about
it.
Yeah. Yeah and I'm like, unfortunately, I think the college campus social life is gonna be a bit dead thanks to Corona but.
and
I don't
I don't know,
I'm gonna I'm gonna have to see like um I'm gonna have to see whether I have to like see we're going to evaluate famous ones to get there. But
um I think um so basically the coffin living in is I think it's about 60 people in a total and
it's divided
into like about 60 or 70. Um
Yeah it's like it's like it's like a dorm, basically it's like a small one, the others are about 200 people. It's like it's like basically it's like basically divided into like I think eight different sweets. Um And
so
the
sweet
sweetheart.
No.
Oh yeah. Yeah that's I think it's a lot of housing co ops are like smaller but these are like these are like pretty pretty uh they're pretty.
Yeah it's like we're pretty institutional and um I've looked at but these are these are big like
it's like an organization and everything. There's like several different co ops that are associated with it. But basically um like basically the um yeah so that took a kitchenette, there's like four different
rooms per suite. And then
um I just like pop in and out of the sweet and stuff
and then like
yeah I have a room and I don't know if she's going to be but like
we'll see.
No
I have no idea who it's going to be.
little bit, a little bit. But the thing is like um like I I guess I'm a little bit nervous but the way this place is pretty hippy dippy, the co op
thing.
Yeah everyone's going to be pretty chill. Um And even if I don't get along with my roommate like I can just ignore them so
I'm
not
I'm
not like that or spend a lot of time with off campus or a lot of time out of the house. Um I'm like I just like got a job and everything like set
up,
I'm like I'm like I'm vibing and ready to go, I just got to get
them.
Oh everything I'm
in the hospital.
Oh yeah so basically like um it was pretty shit. Um uh
What was initially okay for my mom? My dad. Um My dad's like got some weird ideas I don't know. Um So basically he kind of suckered my mom. There was a ton of drama. Um I was in a very I was in a pretty awful mental state. They wouldn't let me get on hormones or anything. Um I
mean I'm 18, I came out last october. Um And so uh yes, I was like 17 at the time. And um so the like basically my dad was drinking a lot, my mom was like upset at him for being crazy. Um And then they were both had a bunch of weird diabetes and shit, I couldn't really do anything about it. Um And so I was basically,
and so like,
no
I
totally I totally expected push back but I was hoping that we come around and my mom has some around and she's like she's chill now, but my dad, my dad like has not come around and so our relationship is still quite strained. Um And uh
I don't know. My dad got a lot, like it's it's really weird, but basically yeah, it wasn't it was not like the best ever um like yeah, that's part of the reason I'm pretty happy to get out of the house because my dad doesn't use any pronouns any name at all with me um because what I told him I would be helping my dad name um like the name I used previously, um my mom doesn't care, and then yeah, it's just
I got to do much better than my old name either way. Um But anyways um so yeah and basically that it's not gotten worse, it's we're basically just in a really um not
talking kind
of thing. Um
and then um I'm just I mean there's nothing I can do really, he there's no I'm not going to debate him on this stuff, there's no reason to, it's not logical.
and it won't work, it's gonna have to change opinions on his own, so I'm basically just aiming to uh distance and keep us having a very minimal functional relationship. Maybe he'll not be a dick. Um
well
I think the thing with her when she was like,
like
I
think
she had
less like biases and then also she she's like you know, I just want to like show with my with my kid and not
have them have them like that.
no, I have a younger brother um
Yeah. Anyways
that's like um gosh, I'm just like
little
bit, I mean I'm just like really done with it and I'm ready to move out since from it because it's
not
What
they learn in the female.
I mean the thing is it's like um it's just annoying. It's like it's like my voice right now that I'm doing where like I've done voice training to get my voice like somewhat somewhere around says female.
Yeah. This is not like this is how I used to talk. I used to dog down here um because
estrogen doesn't raise your voice, I had to do this myself and everything.
So what?
No,
no, it's only it's only it's only like I I usually I used to talk about here and probably talk up here and basically
um basically you have to build up these lyrics muscles to to raise your residue.
And so there's this exercise you can do where you are basically you swallow and you hold the swallow at the top and that helps you build your larynx muscles. Um Lawrence muscles up. Um
And then
and then
it
just
it just takes practice and imitation and a lot of research and then um But it's like I can't really
do my voice trying to get freaked out basically. So like once I once I go to college I'll be able to use my voice like all the time and then it will actually become normalized.
I want to give out, my voice would become my voice and so I'm excited now. Um
I don't
know
how
often
is probably the best place in texas to
be
It's not.
Yeah I mean I think probably knew you like the thing is there are probably places. Yeah in the US it's one of the better cities to be in. Like texas is pretty texas is pretty crap in general. Um
it will always austin tell, yeah it's like I can't actually be discriminated against on I think on a health crisis here criticize. Um And so and so. Yeah but basically what? Yeah, but it is fun to be like talking and like occasionally if I want to practice my voice, I'll go in the middle now just talk with people and like hey by the way like you can like, you know people, it's all about how to find.
okay so um here let me let me quickly trans guy, trans male people, and they'll keep him pronounce transwomen male, the female shooter programs. Um
So this was a
hand scott. Yeah.
Yeah, I mean as a former testosterone have er um like my my hormone levels are at us just females level now, but basically um I think the biggest change like I guess I haven't I don't think a lot of people do report like mental disease, I'm probably a little more emotional generally speaking, I'm probably a little less irritable and anxious, but I think that's more just because it's relieved my dysphoria lot, so like I feel less, I feel this crap about how the way my body is developing. Um But also but like um I guess I guess the main thing it's actually affected me is like my libido, like my libido is like completely different. Um So
like such as like a big part of anyone's life and so and so like I I essentially went from like the testosterone sex trying to a female's extractions that's been like the biggest adjustment really. But it's much better. It's really
it's much better, I must say
he's right.
that's
the thing, it's like pissed off, pissed off, thrown, horny is a lot different from Esther generally. It's like it is a completely different thing um and it's crazy but um
Yeah. Yeah, that's the thing is like a lot of trans people are pretty like mentally unstable because being transited pretty hard, like in South.
yeah, if you're a black trans woman, you were like a 10 times, it's
specifically black trans woman who are getting killed at like a really high rates um like to an unacceptable degree. Um But it's just like, it's just like, like especially like I'm young enough and I have I had them enough features from the start that I can pass, I need to like if you don't pass, you're going to get like kind of Tripoli shit. And so
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, so
in
like,
well
just because there are a few, like, like my I basically, if my brow bone was like a little bit further in, you would have no clue. It's just in terms
of
you're
mean it's your, so look there's my brow bone marrow jets out and that's a masculine feature. And so if my problem, I've been thinking about getting surgery to reduce it if that broke.
Well actually actually this is one thing I'm jealous of asian people because asian people tend to not have this comment brow bones. So if you transition you're asian you're having here a lot more likely to pass. Um
It sounds like um But yeah that's that's like one of the big ways that we engender that we gender people.
You
know basically like um basically I I I've done a lot of thinking about this and I enjoy talking about it. Um I'm like
the trans kind of like it dominates my life a little bit. Like in terms of like it's a lot of my thought process you especially because I'm like in the middle of transition.
Yeah we're just like dominates my my thought process because I spend a lot of time thinking about it. Um And so I I enjoy like talking about because I I think the biggest issue is that people are just kind of uneducated on trans issues in general. Um
so
unlike
most people are fucking chill once you start talking to them. But like most people just don't know it's not like it's tons schools or anything. Um And so
yeah I think it's.
Yeah that's the thing is I think it's like um It depends it depends on like like I'm in a lot of leftist spaces in like leftist or socialist spaces there's like a ton of trans and queer people. Um And then like it depends on the area obviously But it's about general, like 1% of the population, I think. Um
About one movie trans or not conforming.
I
would love to meet some people, I must say,
hey,
25
minutes. All right. Thanks so much. This is a fun talk. All right.
Bye.