SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Part time. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. It's just that. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. It was suggested be the first you get to you. She's just a kid. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That's what you're interested in talking with the prescription. Mhm. The black boxes. I expect that this will change. Yeah. I'm good with respect. Yeah. It took just three blocks about. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Can you guys? Mhm. Little bit Yeah. You can speak. Yeah. Mm hmm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mm, mm hmm. Okay. Thank you. Just to do that people. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hello. And hey
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: sorry.
SPEAKER_L: gone.
SPEAKER_R: Technical issues.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, that's no problem. Okay. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: so did they give us a topic or?
SPEAKER_L: I did not get a topic. They were just saying like Chat for 25 minutes about whatever. Which is fine if
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: you haven't sorry. Go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: no, I just was going to say, what do you want to chat about?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I have no idea. I was gonna say like did you have anything that like really on your mind or like you're really really feeling you want to talk about so forth? But cool. And then
SPEAKER_R: I guess we can just chit chat. You done this before?
SPEAKER_L: Um I've been doing prolific studies not too long, about three weeks. This is the first time I've actually uh used anything that really directly as we interacting with another person. I've done a few that are like oh there are other people involved in this, they won't see or talk to them, they're taking decisions about you or something, but what about you?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. uh the stuff is like video one. I did some like stealthy ones. We had to like take a selfie with a product but I never did uh interacting with someone.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Actually, yeah, it's a little different, it's interesting. I don't know what it was. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: In real
SPEAKER_L: button.
SPEAKER_R: life I would never just like start chatting with someone. So kinda weird.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, no, I'm pretty, I'm pretty integrated myself, so I totally, I totally get that, it's like I'm not a party person at all, I'm not well like I hang out with the people that I already know who I know, I can have a conversation with and I'm not about to branch out some other unknowns out there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, same with me. That must be why they matched us up.
SPEAKER_L: That could be yeah I was kind of wondering about that, whether it's just like people who just happen to be overlapping or like what the actual criteria are.
SPEAKER_R: So we allowed
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: to like ask where you're from and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: I don't I don't see why not. Yeah. Um I am well I'm originally from Missouri but right now I'm living in Ohio I'm going to grab school. You're so I've been here for about almost two years now. Where about what about you
SPEAKER_R: I'm from Illinois.
SPEAKER_L: for me?
SPEAKER_R: But I live in Arizona the
SPEAKER_L: How do you like southwest? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. It's hot. Like way too hot. And but I live in the desert part so I would rather up north. They have snow and pine trees. I'd rather be up there. But there really aren't any jobs up there. So.
SPEAKER_L: I feel that yeah. Been to the southwest all of once I think. Well okay no no. Twice and I don't know it's just the parts I've seen are like incredibly beautiful but I imagine that probably wears off if you live there for a long time, right?
SPEAKER_R: Well this is desert so it's not beautiful here.
SPEAKER_L: It's straight up, doesn't Okay.
SPEAKER_R: It's dead
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: and ugly and there's no green and
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: struggling.
SPEAKER_R: is all that what?
SPEAKER_L: No, like strawberry or anything.
SPEAKER_R: No, I mean we have corn that's people grow corn.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's something I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's about
SPEAKER_L: Probably.
SPEAKER_R: as brain as it gets.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. So uh
SPEAKER_R: So what do you do when you said you're in grad school?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I am studying. Okay, so I don't know how much I should talk about this because okay, I doubt it matters. Like um I actually studied linguistics and like kind of like a lot of people don't really have a good idea of what that means. Um So it's kind of like the science of how people communicate and how like languages work as systems. Um even though the stereotype is something closer to like, oh, you just need a lot of languages, right? That's that's not. Um But what I am working on is kind of so I'm actually like working on this paper right now, that's it's all about this thing called genetic convergence, which is specifically um like as people have conversations with one another or interact with one another in anyway, even if they're not in the same room as one another, just like repeating words after other people. Um they will essentially start to behave more like one another. It's just a thing that humans kind of like automatically do this kind of this um probably social process that we're not even aware of. Um So right now I'm working on this paper that looks at um whether things like your familiarity with the person's dialect or Well, yeah, especially like that influences like how much people do that, whether they do it at all and whether they do that across like all types of like dialect features or whether it's kind of like isolated too. Um and the individual ones that make me no more or less about, so that's that's kind of what I do um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That sounds interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I think so. I think, I don't know like obviously to go to grad school for something, you have to really be a nerd about it. So I think it's super cool. But I don't know like there's so much about language that like languages like really fascinating to me because it's this thing that everyone can use, like basically perfect. Um like sure people like occasionally like have disfluency, like they make mistakes when they're talking sometimes, but for the most part, everyone acquires a language. Everyone can use it super well and express a huge range of thoughts in a huge range of different ways in that language and we don't even think about it. I just think that's super super interesting that we all have this seemingly innate ability to pick up on these really complicated systems of creating meaning, but even just saying a single word, your tongue is doing all kinds of crazy stuff in your mouth in order to make that happen and we can just do it automatically, you can do it while we're drunk, while we're intoxicated and it just sure we might slur words a little bit, but we have just an incredible graphs of this really complicated the way of converting, I don't know, like completely arbitrary things into meaning. I think that's super cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That is cool.
SPEAKER_L: What about you, What do you do?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well right now I'm a transcriptionist just you know, type what people say and have a medical background. So I typically do the medical files.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, my mom, she was actually, I think the clinic that she worked at as kind of um started her, like you started having her doing some other things, but she worked as a medical transcriptionist for years and years. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It's not the best job in the world. But I have kids so I can you know I do it from home most of the time so I can be home and when I need to for them and you know apparently they're never going back to school. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's what I heard, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We start school at the end of july But we just got told that it's going to be delayed until at least August 17 so who knows if they'll even go back then?
SPEAKER_L: wow, that's like super early compared to anywhere that I definitely place.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's weird. They have this whole own like modified year round schooling. It's weird.
SPEAKER_L: interesting here to
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: the kids.
SPEAKER_R: never went back after spring break, so they've been off
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: since March, so it's been a long time with,
SPEAKER_L: Have they been
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: doing
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: kind of like the online schooling or just like have they been getting any kind of like education or businesses?
SPEAKER_R: so um the first like I would say maybe month they didn't do anything because they didn't know when they were going to go back and then they
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: started
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: doing online schooling and so we did that until the end of the year, our year ends in like the first week of May. So they did it until then. But it was a disaster. There was, my daughter is a middle schooler and she didn't even try, she was like this is stupid, I'm not, you know, she's 13. So and then my son,
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: um it was very frustrating. It was, there were so many tech issues and it was just, I mean he was crying every day and it was none of it is like stuff that he can do independently. So one of us, somebody was having to take off to like be the teacher and it was just, it was a couple months of just hell. It was not fun at all.
SPEAKER_L: Uh I hope,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I hope it's not that bad, like just looking increasingly like maybe in person classes aren't going to be a thing for a while, so hopefully they hopefully they used to improve their texting my guest
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well they
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: said
SPEAKER_L: will?
SPEAKER_R: it's going to be different before. It was like, they just did everything on their own. But now I guess if they have to do the online thing, it's going to be just like the teacher teaching and you're going to be watching and you can interact with the class and the teacher and stuff. So I think that will help quite a bit because it's not just of them sitting alone in a room on a computer and doing stuff that they don't know how to do on their own. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: my my school um high school like kind of over the course of our spring break, we got this announcement and they were like hey all your classes are online now for the rest of the semester, good luck instructor is preparing for that. But I have found that I, I know there are people who have been doing kind of an asynchronous thing, kind of like what sounds like your kids are doing, where they're like given some instructions from the teacher and then they kind of like go and do their own thing. Um maybe like watching recorded lectures or something. But my understanding is that like most of the students, at least my school kind of like hated that really find it a lot more rewarding to kind of have a virtual classroom where you can at least see your peers, even if you don't have like a lot of opportunity to just like chat with them or anything. I don't know. I think it helps with kind of like the isolation, right? Like.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's their kids and they need social socialists and you know, I can't play like they can and you know, I I'm not eight, so they need to be with other eight year olds and you know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, and it's got to be super hard because like you're, you're old enough to really have that like baked in social need, but at the same time Maybe not quite technologically sophisticated enough to like be able to keep that going without seeing your friends in person and the way in the same way that like a 13 year old might be right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's sad. This whole thing is sad. It's just what are you a buckeye or what school do you go to?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah, I am a Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So are you guys going to be going back or, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That is technically the plan. I think they're I think they're really going to screw it up. Yeah. They have announced that they have tentative plans for people to return to campus. Um And uh huh So a lot of courses are going to be place online, so like I'm I'm a I teach a course on psycho linguistics and supposedly my course is going to be all online. Um But a lot of course is there still trying to do in person, which I think is the democratically impossible. Um I think it's like entirely motivated by finances, like they're using as parents don't want to send a lot of money on completely online education. Um, when they're like community college alternatives like that, they're not getting the full college experience, parents don't want like dish out all the money for it, which I did, but at the same time, you're playing with people's lives there. You're saying that you need people to physically come back to campus to continue their education that they're already paying a lot of money for, um because you don't like the impact on your bottom line. It's kind of, I think it's super unethical. I think it's, but,
SPEAKER_R: I agree with that.
SPEAKER_L: but you know, got that is higher up to the people making decisions are so far removed from the classroom, so far removed from actually like talking to the actual students are being able to kind of all the percent of people that I think they're just not particularly swayed by the ethics of okay, what happens if one of my students sides? Right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I mean the whole this whole thing that people making the decisions are just lost. It seems like.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Absolutely. To be fair, like it's got to be super hard having to make like huge steering decisions for your organization in the midst of a once in a century pandemic, but it still doesn't feel like they're doing it. Good job.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Better. Yeah. So did you guys get the coronavirus or?
SPEAKER_L: Um Ohio has had cases, but for the most part it's been pretty under apps. Um I did not vote for our governor, but I I I think I have to acknowledge that he's done a pretty good job at responding to it in kind of like the data driven away, regrettably. There have been some moves that kind of reopened parts of the state, so like cases are going back up as they are in a lot of places, but at least the early response was pretty good. So we never got hit too hard. What about what about down there? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so we closed everything right away like You know, right as soon as everything started and our cases were low and then like I think it was around May 15 or something like that. We opened everything. There was no phases, nothing just room, everything was open. And now we have I think the most new cases of any state, I think when we're just getting slammed. So and so yesterday or maybe it was the day before. I don't know that our governor said that he's going to start closing things down again and he delayed the start of school and so, but we're getting slammed like they say the I. C. U. S. Are all at full capacity and so I don't know what's going to happen. But I think we were all sick in March and I think we had it because it was just a it was like all of a sudden you have this horrible cough, there was no like sinuses, no cold anything. It was just a horrible cough. So thinking that was it. I went to the doctor and they weren't testing for it at the time.
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: He
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: said we're just treating everyone as if they have it. So I think we had it, but I don't I mean we have no way of knowing. I don't know. I don't know. We'll see. I guess if we get it again or get it the first time, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I was going on. I was in massachusetts at the time when like, everyone kind of like started panicking, like when my university started panicking and announced like, oh, everything's being shut down. Like I was on a research trip trying to get some recordings of people who have like the kind of like harvest dialects, you might, you might know the, I think the stereo stereotypical sentences like paktika and have it be odd. Right? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: boston.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. The boston accident. Yeah, exactly. Um I was trying to get ahold of some of those people and then uh, I got the message like, oh, you're not coming back and right? but immediately before the trip, I like, had like, my throat started bothering me, like just a little bit, and like, I started talking like coughing a little bit more, and like, I remember like panicking and rushing out to the doctor and being like, oh, I've got, I'm staying at an Airbnb with someone, you know, I don't want to get them sick because it was like, it was like a little old woman and like, I can't be the reason that my Airbnb host dies of coronavirus.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Um but yeah, doctor was playing. Uh but yeah, I don't know. I know. Like, at least for me, and I'd be interested to hear your thoughts on this. I know, at least for me it's like I'm not personally that concerned about my health, but like the idea of infecting others and possibly, you know, contributing someone's death is pretty horrible for me. No.
SPEAKER_R: I agree. But at the same time, I think closing everything all at the same time right off the bat I think was a bad idea because I think that everyone is going to end up getting it, who's going to get it no matter what. And I think that the more like if we didn't close everything back in March, we'd be done, our peak
SPEAKER_L: That's it.
SPEAKER_R: would be over and you know, the people who were going to get it would get it and now we'd be just leveling off and you know, it would already have gone through communities and everybody's going to get exposed, People
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: are going to get it or they're not going to get it, people are going to get really sick from it or they're not going to get really sick from it. I don't really see the point in closing everything down. You know? It's I think it's I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I guess my understanding, my understanding was that uh doctors aren't totally sure whether getting it once actually provides you immunity to getting a step,
SPEAKER_R: I heard
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: but I think that's some of the concerns like everything is just like, you know, keeping the medical system from getting overwhelmed, you know? Um But yeah, I mean I think on some level like yeah, I agree with good luck avoiding this thing. Most people are this at some point and you know, to see pretty devastating impact on the economy is it's hard to watch.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I don't know what they were hoping for. Were they hoping that it would go away? I mean it's not I I don't think it's ever gonna go away and think that you know it's here to stay and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean I get the impression people are still kind of like putting a lot of eggs in the vaccine basket. I just hope if we can minimize the damage until uh you know, we have some kind of treatment for it, then maybe that's good enough. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't like to get vaccines when they're brand new I'd be but I don't think I would do that.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I was listening to this. Um I listen to like the Washington post's news podcast. Um they were talking about, we were talking about this concept of like doing challenge vaccines, which I guess is the idea that instead of like vaccinating people to see if they get it, um which is like kind of the standard way of doing things and you don't necessarily know that people are even going to come in contact with it, especially because social distancing is still, I guess the idea of challenge vaccines that you deliberately expose someone through it to see if your vaccine works. And I guess there's a lot of there are a lot of questions and kind of like the biomedical ethics community about whether that's the thing that we should allow, especially if people are willing to um kind of like volunteer themselves as so and you know presumably that would really like speed up the process of having a good vaccine. Um.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But then at the risk of you know who knows how many people.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah absolutely. I mean as a researcher like how do you how do you weigh that? Like oh I think I have a good vaccine but it might kill you if I. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: do you decide to kill and who you decide not to kill?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I wonder why to what extent should we allow people to like intentionally put themselves in danger possibly for benefiting the greater good. But it's actually when it's not certain or there's not much like there's not much certainty around whether that will actually have a positive effect. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I don't know how many people even would if the vaccine comes through and they find out that it's safe and it works. I don't know how many people even would do it because I mean I wouldn't I wouldn't advise anyone close to me to do it. I just you don't want to be in my opinion doing that
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: until it's been tested for years. Not you know rushed
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: for months. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I think there's
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: something to
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: that. I don't know like my inclination is to try and put some amount of faith in you know like the C. D. C. The FDA to get these types of things and ensure that they're not cutting corners on a vaccine. But with the crisis of this magnitude I don't know how much faith you can put in them to do that at the same time. It's like I don't know you just yes allowing yourself to potentially be exposed the coronavirus or here is more like I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's not gonna go away
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: is there?
SPEAKER_L: So go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: No. Go ahead
SPEAKER_L: Oh I was just going to say like I was reading a little bit about like all the different things that can like potentially happen to like a disease of this magnitude like um and I guess there are like a lot of different options like maybe environmental factors eventually kill it off. It's like super on actually but maybe that comes to be the face or potentially we could find a vaccine for it. But I guess like one of the other big possibilities is just like yeah we develop in a herd immunity and it becomes a seasonal thing that like still kind of like it's people like the flu but just doesn't have nearly the magnitude year after year. I don't know I guess like I think it's each one in one. I think that was the swine flu that has kind of become that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know because then is it going to mutate and become resistant to the vaccine and whatever other treatments they find for it and you know all these things end up mutating and just becoming stronger. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah absolutely. Um I don't know like they're some vaccines that seem to have a pretty consistent record of success but I really have no idea of what the make or break differences. Like the polio vaccine last hijack doing pretty well against polio still. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. But I mean again that's one of the ones that's been tested for you know. Yeah Like now the new Big 1 2 is the
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: um uh The cervical cancer one. I forgot the name of it. It's like Gardasil or something but I don't know the it's not cervical cancer it's herpes. Right? The herpes.
SPEAKER_L: I think an H. T. V. Right? And then they can
SPEAKER_R: I mean I don't feel comfortable with that one yet.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I actually did get back to me for that. Yeah. I don't know. I was kind of on a tight time frame though so like maybe I wasn't making that decision under the best circumstances. But in general, I don't know. Maybe maybe it's not the safest way to live my life. But I like to think that, you know, doctors are better, my intuition is that doctors are better able to make decisions about those types of things in terms of like what is likely to be a healthy course of action. Am I in like and also like that same thing weighed into it where it's like I http doesn't isn't likely to affect me in any kind of significant way that I would feel terrible if I, you know infected another person and that lead to them getting cervical cancer. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I guess you have to weigh the all your different thoughts and feelings and I
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: you. Sorry, go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: I just was going to say I think isn't there like a timer or something that's going
SPEAKER_L: Oh. Um yeah, I think we're okay. So I think you've got here what like 40647 something like that. I think we're right at probably like 26:27 minutes. So we should be able I think we're able to hop off. Yeah. Doug. I'm good to go whenever. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: well good chat. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: you're talking about
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: too.
SPEAKER_L: have a good
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: thing.
SPEAKER_R: you too. Thank you. Right.