Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Part time. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. It's just that. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. It was suggested be the first you get to you. She's just a kid. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That's what you're interested in talking with the prescription. Mhm. The black boxes. I expect that this will change. Yeah. I'm good with respect. Yeah. It took just three blocks about. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Can you guys? Mhm. Little bit Yeah. You can speak. Yeah. Mm hmm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mm, mm hmm. Okay. Thank you. Just to do that people. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Hello?
I'm
gone.
Oh yeah, that's no problem. Okay. Yeah,
I did not get a topic. They were just saying like Chat for 25 minutes about whatever. Which is fine if
you haven't sorry. Go ahead.
Oh, I have no idea. I was gonna say like did you have anything that like really on your mind or like you're really really feeling you want to talk about so forth? But cool. And then
Um I've been doing prolific studies not too long, about three weeks. This is the first time I've actually uh used anything that really directly as we interacting with another person. I've done a few that are like oh there are other people involved in this, they won't see or talk to them, they're taking decisions about you or something, but what about you?
Mhm. Actually, yeah, it's a little different, it's interesting. I don't know what it was. Mhm
button.
Oh yeah, no, I'm pretty, I'm pretty integrated myself, so I totally, I totally get that, it's like I'm not a party person at all, I'm not well like I hang out with the people that I already know who I know, I can have a conversation with and I'm not about to branch out some other unknowns out there.
That could be yeah I was kind of wondering about that, whether it's just like people who just happen to be overlapping or like what the actual criteria are.
It's
I don't I don't see why not. Yeah. Um I am well I'm originally from Missouri but right now I'm living in Ohio I'm going to grab school. You're so I've been here for about almost two years now. Where about what about you
for me?
How do you like southwest? Mhm.
I feel that yeah. Been to the southwest all of once I think. Well okay no no. Twice and I don't know it's just the parts I've seen are like incredibly beautiful but I imagine that probably wears off if you live there for a long time, right?
It's straight up, doesn't Okay.
All
no,
I'm
struggling.
No, like strawberry or anything.
Well that's something I guess.
Probably.
Yeah. Mhm. So uh
yeah, I am studying. Okay, so I don't know how much I should talk about this because okay, I doubt it matters. Like um I actually studied linguistics and like kind of like a lot of people don't really have a good idea of what that means. Um So it's kind of like the science of how people communicate and how like languages work as systems. Um even though the stereotype is something closer to like, oh, you just need a lot of languages, right? That's that's not. Um But what I am working on is kind of so I'm actually like working on this paper right now, that's it's all about this thing called genetic convergence, which is specifically um like as people have conversations with one another or interact with one another in anyway, even if they're not in the same room as one another, just like repeating words after other people. Um they will essentially start to behave more like one another. It's just a thing that humans kind of like automatically do this kind of this um probably social process that we're not even aware of. Um So right now I'm working on this paper that looks at um whether things like your familiarity with the person's dialect or Well, yeah, especially like that influences like how much people do that, whether they do it at all and whether they do that across like all types of like dialect features or whether it's kind of like isolated too. Um and the individual ones that make me no more or less about, so that's that's kind of what I do um
Yeah. Yeah, I think so. I think, I don't know like obviously to go to grad school for something, you have to really be a nerd about it. So I think it's super cool. But I don't know like there's so much about language that like languages like really fascinating to me because it's this thing that everyone can use, like basically perfect. Um like sure people like occasionally like have disfluency, like they make mistakes when they're talking sometimes, but for the most part, everyone acquires a language. Everyone can use it super well and express a huge range of thoughts in a huge range of different ways in that language and we don't even think about it. I just think that's super super interesting that we all have this seemingly innate ability to pick up on these really complicated systems of creating meaning, but even just saying a single word, your tongue is doing all kinds of crazy stuff in your mouth in order to make that happen and we can just do it automatically, you can do it while we're drunk, while we're intoxicated and it just sure we might slur words a little bit, but we have just an incredible graphs of this really complicated the way of converting, I don't know, like completely arbitrary things into meaning. I think that's super cool.
What about you, What do you do?
Yeah, my mom, she was actually, I think the clinic that she worked at as kind of um started her, like you started having her doing some other things, but she worked as a medical transcriptionist for years and years. Yeah.
that's what I heard, yeah.
wow, that's like super early compared to anywhere that I definitely place.
interesting here to
the kids.
No.
Have they been
doing
kind of like the online schooling or just like have they been getting any kind of like education or businesses?
And
then
You know?
Uh I hope,
I hope it's not that bad, like just looking increasingly like maybe in person classes aren't going to be a thing for a while, so hopefully they hopefully they used to improve their texting my guest
what
will?
my my school um high school like kind of over the course of our spring break, we got this announcement and they were like hey all your classes are online now for the rest of the semester, good luck instructor is preparing for that. But I have found that I, I know there are people who have been doing kind of an asynchronous thing, kind of like what sounds like your kids are doing, where they're like given some instructions from the teacher and then they kind of like go and do their own thing. Um maybe like watching recorded lectures or something. But my understanding is that like most of the students, at least my school kind of like hated that really find it a lot more rewarding to kind of have a virtual classroom where you can at least see your peers, even if you don't have like a lot of opportunity to just like chat with them or anything. I don't know. I think it helps with kind of like the isolation, right? Like.
Yeah, and it's got to be super hard because like you're, you're old enough to really have that like baked in social need, but at the same time Maybe not quite technologically sophisticated enough to like be able to keep that going without seeing your friends in person and the way in the same way that like a 13 year old might be right.
Uh Yeah, I am a Yeah.
That is technically the plan. I think they're I think they're really going to screw it up. Yeah. They have announced that they have tentative plans for people to return to campus. Um And uh huh So a lot of courses are going to be place online, so like I'm I'm a I teach a course on psycho linguistics and supposedly my course is going to be all online. Um But a lot of course is there still trying to do in person, which I think is the democratically impossible. Um I think it's like entirely motivated by finances, like they're using as parents don't want to send a lot of money on completely online education. Um, when they're like community college alternatives like that, they're not getting the full college experience, parents don't want like dish out all the money for it, which I did, but at the same time, you're playing with people's lives there. You're saying that you need people to physically come back to campus to continue their education that they're already paying a lot of money for, um because you don't like the impact on your bottom line. It's kind of, I think it's super unethical. I think it's, but,
but you know, got that is higher up to the people making decisions are so far removed from the classroom, so far removed from actually like talking to the actual students are being able to kind of all the percent of people that I think they're just not particularly swayed by the ethics of okay, what happens if one of my students sides? Right?
Mhm. Absolutely. To be fair, like it's got to be super hard having to make like huge steering decisions for your organization in the midst of a once in a century pandemic, but it still doesn't feel like they're doing it. Good job.
Um Ohio has had cases, but for the most part it's been pretty under apps. Um I did not vote for our governor, but I I I think I have to acknowledge that he's done a pretty good job at responding to it in kind of like the data driven away, regrettably. There have been some moves that kind of reopened parts of the state, so like cases are going back up as they are in a lot of places, but at least the early response was pretty good. So we never got hit too hard. What about what about down there? Yeah.
it
was
Yeah. Yeah, I was going on. I was in massachusetts at the time when like, everyone kind of like started panicking, like when my university started panicking and announced like, oh, everything's being shut down. Like I was on a research trip trying to get some recordings of people who have like the kind of like harvest dialects, you might, you might know the, I think the stereo stereotypical sentences like paktika and have it be odd. Right? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. The boston accident. Yeah, exactly. Um I was trying to get ahold of some of those people and then uh, I got the message like, oh, you're not coming back and right? but immediately before the trip, I like, had like, my throat started bothering me, like just a little bit, and like, I started talking like coughing a little bit more, and like, I remember like panicking and rushing out to the doctor and being like, oh, I've got, I'm staying at an Airbnb with someone, you know, I don't want to get them sick because it was like, it was like a little old woman and like, I can't be the reason that my Airbnb host dies of coronavirus.
Um but yeah, doctor was playing. Uh but yeah, I don't know. I know. Like, at least for me, and I'd be interested to hear your thoughts on this. I know, at least for me it's like I'm not personally that concerned about my health, but like the idea of infecting others and possibly, you know, contributing someone's death is pretty horrible for me. No.
That's it.
well,
Mhm. I guess my understanding, my understanding was that uh doctors aren't totally sure whether getting it once actually provides you immunity to getting a step,
but
but I think that's some of the concerns like everything is just like, you know, keeping the medical system from getting overwhelmed, you know? Um But yeah, I mean I think on some level like yeah, I agree with good luck avoiding this thing. Most people are this at some point and you know, to see pretty devastating impact on the economy is it's hard to watch.
Yeah, I mean I get the impression people are still kind of like putting a lot of eggs in the vaccine basket. I just hope if we can minimize the damage until uh you know, we have some kind of treatment for it, then maybe that's good enough. But
yeah, I was listening to this. Um I listen to like the Washington post's news podcast. Um they were talking about, we were talking about this concept of like doing challenge vaccines, which I guess is the idea that instead of like vaccinating people to see if they get it, um which is like kind of the standard way of doing things and you don't necessarily know that people are even going to come in contact with it, especially because social distancing is still, I guess the idea of challenge vaccines that you deliberately expose someone through it to see if your vaccine works. And I guess there's a lot of there are a lot of questions and kind of like the biomedical ethics community about whether that's the thing that we should allow, especially if people are willing to um kind of like volunteer themselves as so and you know presumably that would really like speed up the process of having a good vaccine. Um.
Yeah. Yeah absolutely. I mean as a researcher like how do you how do you weigh that? Like oh I think I have a good vaccine but it might kill you if I. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I wonder why to what extent should we allow people to like intentionally put themselves in danger possibly for benefiting the greater good. But it's actually when it's not certain or there's not much like there's not much certainty around whether that will actually have a positive effect. Yeah.
Well.
Well.
I think there's
something to
that. I don't know like my inclination is to try and put some amount of faith in you know like the C. D. C. The FDA to get these types of things and ensure that they're not cutting corners on a vaccine. But with the crisis of this magnitude I don't know how much faith you can put in them to do that at the same time. It's like I don't know you just yes allowing yourself to potentially be exposed the coronavirus or here is more like I don't know. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah.
So go ahead.
Oh I was just going to say like I was reading a little bit about like all the different things that can like potentially happen to like a disease of this magnitude like um and I guess there are like a lot of different options like maybe environmental factors eventually kill it off. It's like super on actually but maybe that comes to be the face or potentially we could find a vaccine for it. But I guess like one of the other big possibilities is just like yeah we develop in a herd immunity and it becomes a seasonal thing that like still kind of like it's people like the flu but just doesn't have nearly the magnitude year after year. I don't know I guess like I think it's each one in one. I think that was the swine flu that has kind of become that.
Yeah absolutely. Um I don't know like they're some vaccines that seem to have a pretty consistent record of success but I really have no idea of what the make or break differences. Like the polio vaccine last hijack doing pretty well against polio still. But
What?
I think an H. T. V. Right? And then they can
Oh I actually did get back to me for that. Yeah. I don't know. I was kind of on a tight time frame though so like maybe I wasn't making that decision under the best circumstances. But in general, I don't know. Maybe maybe it's not the safest way to live my life. But I like to think that, you know, doctors are better, my intuition is that doctors are better able to make decisions about those types of things in terms of like what is likely to be a healthy course of action. Am I in like and also like that same thing weighed into it where it's like I http doesn't isn't likely to affect me in any kind of significant way that I would feel terrible if I, you know infected another person and that lead to them getting cervical cancer. Right.
Thank
you. Sorry, go ahead.
Oh. Um yeah, I think we're okay. So I think you've got here what like 40647 something like that. I think we're right at probably like 26:27 minutes. So we should be able I think we're able to hop off. Yeah. Doug. I'm good to go whenever. Okay.
you're talking about
you
have a good
thing.