Hello. And hey
sorry.
Technical issues.
so did they give us a topic or?
So
no, I just was going to say, what do you want to chat about?
I guess we can just chit chat. You done this before?
yeah. uh the stuff is like video one. I did some like stealthy ones. We had to like take a selfie with a product but I never did uh interacting with someone.
In real
life I would never just like start chatting with someone. So kinda weird.
Yeah, same with me. That must be why they matched us up.
So we allowed
to like ask where you're from and stuff.
I'm from Illinois.
But I live in Arizona the
Uh huh. It's hot. Like way too hot. And but I live in the desert part so I would rather up north. They have snow and pine trees. I'd rather be up there. But there really aren't any jobs up there. So.
Well this is desert so it's not beautiful here.
It's dead
and ugly and there's no green and
and
this
is all that what?
No, I mean we have corn that's people grow corn.
Yeah. That's about
as brain as it gets.
So what do you do when you said you're in grad school?
Yeah. That sounds interesting.
Yeah. That is cool.
Um Well right now I'm a transcriptionist just you know, type what people say and have a medical background. So I typically do the medical files.
It's not the best job in the world. But I have kids so I can you know I do it from home most of the time so I can be home and when I need to for them and you know apparently they're never going back to school. So. Yeah.
Yeah. We start school at the end of july But we just got told that it's going to be delayed until at least August 17 so who knows if they'll even go back then?
Yeah. It's weird. They have this whole own like modified year round schooling. It's weird.
we
never went back after spring break, so they've been off
since March, so it's been a long time with,
you
know?
so um the first like I would say maybe month they didn't do anything because they didn't know when they were going to go back and then they
started
doing online schooling and so we did that until the end of the year, our year ends in like the first week of May. So they did it until then. But it was a disaster. There was, my daughter is a middle schooler and she didn't even try, she was like this is stupid, I'm not, you know, she's 13. So and then my son,
um it was very frustrating. It was, there were so many tech issues and it was just, I mean he was crying every day and it was none of it is like stuff that he can do independently. So one of us, somebody was having to take off to like be the teacher and it was just, it was a couple months of just hell. It was not fun at all.
No.
Yeah. Well they
said
it's going to be different before. It was like, they just did everything on their own. But now I guess if they have to do the online thing, it's going to be just like the teacher teaching and you're going to be watching and you can interact with the class and the teacher and stuff. So I think that will help quite a bit because it's not just of them sitting alone in a room on a computer and doing stuff that they don't know how to do on their own. Yeah.
I mean it's their kids and they need social socialists and you know, I can't play like they can and you know, I I'm not eight, so they need to be with other eight year olds and you know.
Yeah. Yeah. It's sad. This whole thing is sad. It's just what are you a buckeye or what school do you go to?
So are you guys going to be going back or, you know? Yeah.
I agree with that.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean the whole this whole thing that people making the decisions are just lost. It seems like.
Yeah. Better. Yeah. So did you guys get the coronavirus or?
so we closed everything right away like You know, right as soon as everything started and our cases were low and then like I think it was around May 15 or something like that. We opened everything. There was no phases, nothing just room, everything was open. And now we have I think the most new cases of any state, I think when we're just getting slammed. So and so yesterday or maybe it was the day before. I don't know that our governor said that he's going to start closing things down again and he delayed the start of school and so, but we're getting slammed like they say the I. C. U. S. Are all at full capacity and so I don't know what's going to happen. But I think we were all sick in March and I think we had it because it was just a it was like all of a sudden you have this horrible cough, there was no like sinuses, no cold anything. It was just a horrible cough. So thinking that was it. I went to the doctor and they weren't testing for it at the time.
He
said we're just treating everyone as if they have it. So I think we had it, but I don't I mean we have no way of knowing. I don't know. I don't know. We'll see. I guess if we get it again or get it the first time, I don't know.
boston.
No.
I agree. But at the same time, I think closing everything all at the same time right off the bat I think was a bad idea because I think that everyone is going to end up getting it, who's going to get it no matter what. And I think that the more like if we didn't close everything back in March, we'd be done, our peak
would be over and you know, the people who were going to get it would get it and now we'd be just leveling off and you know, it would already have gone through communities and everybody's going to get exposed, People
are going to get it or they're not going to get it, people are going to get really sick from it or they're not going to get really sick from it. I don't really see the point in closing everything down. You know? It's I think it's I don't know.
I heard
that.
Yeah. And I don't know what they were hoping for. Were they hoping that it would go away? I mean it's not I I don't think it's ever gonna go away and think that you know it's here to stay and
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't like to get vaccines when they're brand new I'd be but I don't think I would do that.
Yeah. But then at the risk of you know who knows how many people.
do you decide to kill and who you decide not to kill?
I mean I don't know how many people even would if the vaccine comes through and they find out that it's safe and it works. I don't know how many people even would do it because I mean I wouldn't I wouldn't advise anyone close to me to do it. I just you don't want to be in my opinion doing that
until it's been tested for years. Not you know rushed
for months. Mhm.
It's
true.
Yeah. It's not gonna go away
is there?
No. Go ahead
Yeah. I don't know because then is it going to mutate and become resistant to the vaccine and whatever other treatments they find for it and you know all these things end up mutating and just becoming stronger. I don't know.
Yeah. Yeah. But I mean again that's one of the ones that's been tested for you know. Yeah Like now the new Big 1 2 is the
um uh The cervical cancer one. I forgot the name of it. It's like Gardasil or something but I don't know the it's not cervical cancer it's herpes. Right? The herpes.
I mean I don't feel comfortable with that one yet.
Yeah. I guess you have to weigh the all your different thoughts and feelings and I
think
I just was going to say I think isn't there like a timer or something that's going
well good chat. Thank you.
You
too.
Thank
you too. Thank you. Right.