it worked this time.
No it's okay like I did this um like I tried to do this like a month ago and three times nobody showed up on the other end so Hi I'm Lear uh
indiana that's beautiful.
I mean yeah I'm getting dizzy.
No, no problem.
Got my work had said on so that my husband doesn't come down and say who's down there with you?
I'm hanging in there. Um I'm so glad that saturday because work
I have been since early March. Yeah and my husband started working from home couple weeks after I did so
I hate it. I miss my co workers so much. It's
like a family, they're like but not a dysfunctional family. A
lot of offices. Yeah. How about you? Are you at home are you
How do you feel about that?
What kind of work is it? We're
going to quit.
Very cool. Yeah my son is autistic so
he does not, we just got him we just got him uh sorry allergies. Um We just had our intake at the autism center at Children's so we don't have any services set up yet. Just that he's established care.
We kind of knew for a while, but he finally got an official diagnosis this way. Like I think a lot of parents are. Uh
huh.
Yeah,
he's 13.
And
yeah, he um he's got a dungeons and dragons group that he plays with online every week. Um His best friend, this worked out really well. His best friend is my best friend's son. We were pregnant at the same time. We didn't mean to be. Uh
Yeah. And uh there there they're like this they are so quote to get so good together and he is actually autistic as well. Something in the water. I don't know. Yeah, but they're they're good. They're really good together. They've known each other their whole lives
mm Just not is um they're both they're both really high functioning.
he's just got they both have a lot of anxiety that they deal with A. D. D. And all the fun stuff. Um
That's great, how long have you been working there?
that is
now I am in Seattle
yeah. What part of florida and my I've got a lot of family in um Kasumi and celebration in that
area.
so it's like midday. Oh yeah
It's. 9:09 It's uh I got up early on a Saturday for you.
Yeah. Cool so you've lived in florida your whole life?
You
love it.
Oh no don't be sorry. Oh my god don't be sorry.
I do know that there are a lot of autistic kids in the Seattle area. I blame Microsoft.
son.
Has Yeah if you need the sunlight this is not the place, it is not the place. I
um We have had the greatest summertime so I think it's hit 70° once the summer so far. I know. Yeah
you can pick
it
up.
Well I mean like Usually right after July four summer starts because you know it's traditional that it tries to rein and the fireworks don't happen. Um but it's just been 65 grey drizzly. Like there was a newspaper article the other day about how the Seattle area swimming beaches, the public park ones are all closed because of budget so they can't get lifeguards and because of corona it's like who the hell is going to be swimming in this weather anyhow? Yeah
okay. Um we don't fly anywhere right now but yeah, we like to go out into the mountains and hike um This
semi is really good for that or ride our bikes around. Um There's a lot of good trails for that and um we actually have a place up on Lopez Island which is a san juan islands. That used to be a chance fathers, so when Shawn's father has died we got little place, their little cabin, so we go up there and that's really nice, it's like really secluded nobody around kind of thing. Escape
all
the crap.
It is so nice. Yeah if I want to make a phone call I have to like walk up to the top of the hill and get signal there. Yeah.
that would be so nice. I mean it was so nice, we did that about a week ago, we were up there and it was great. I get back and my phone just blows up with notifications
from work and there was like, oh things broke.
I um work in market research and consulting. So I do um I run surveys. Um Yeah, like
I we work with a couple of companies that get people to take the surveys and then we get all the data and do analysis on it and write up reports until Microsoft what to do about it. And
other people mostly I worked with Microsoft.
I do. It's a it was a midlife career change kind of thing. I am. I started when I was 1920 Working in Tech. I was doing support and training and writing and then I had a baby and than a you can't get back into tech if you take any time off and you're a woman. It just they don't believe that you can do it. And so I decided to go back to school and get my bachelor's and then
I ended
up,
no,
nope. Uh, drawing and painting. I lost you. Please come back shoot. Uh huh.
You know, I was like, no. Um so I was just saying, yeah, the degree is in uh fine art, drawing and painting.
well, I was in, you know, I was doing technical training and writing and then this is really not, not at all. But I mean we do work with a lot of tech companies. Um Yeah, so
I always wanted to, you know, I am, I dropped out of college when I was 19 and I was doing a dual major with art and chemistry and I was young and stupid and I ended up dropping out. Um, probably for the best. And because I'd wanted to go to art school, my parents were like, you'll never make money. Yeah. Well okay, that's true. I'm not making money on our, but I have a degree and it makes me happy and my company doesn't care what my degree is in. I have one and I think that it helps because I to really pretty PowerPoint reports. What?
Oh so there it is. I am, our office is really neat. We have people with all sorts of different backgrounds, like english degrees, accounting, art, um like business are the managing partner of our office. Her decree is in theater. Mhm. And
she's like amazing. Yeah. So.
Makes
me happy. I miss my people so much. It was a small office, it was like you know 20 people
so
everyone.
Yeah and every friday like we all Leave it for 30 and whatever and just hang out and have drinks and snacks and talk for you know, half an hour and then go home. It was great.
Because you also you want to help them do well because I've been in places, it was just back stabbing bullshit and
it was mm
That's what they do, right?
I didn't get a good look at him. A pre to see.
So sweet.
I don't have a dog but I do have
a little fluff
ball. Oh
it is,
her
name is, her name is charlotte.
She is a three. Oh my God, she just turned three. Yeah. Yeah. And we also have another cat who's probably on my bed right now and his name is Wilbur, we adopted them together.
What what made you decide to get a dog?
Okay.
Oh yeah, I would take all the cats um if I were not married with a kid I'd be one of those crazy cat ladies.
I just saw Wilbur and then he went away. Mhm. Where'd you go?
No he's not. He is. Mhm.
That's a little bear poop.
I hope
he is stupid. He is a stupid goofiest thing. He sleeps on my ankles at night. He just drapes himself over.
Yeah. Yeah we got lucky with these two, he's um he's a very dog like cat, he had to be at the emergency that um a couple years ago and they were like here's the dog, just cat ever. He got into careful about this, he got into some cannabis and that can kill him. I did not know that. Yeah, so
he's okay and I don't know if that's why he's so stupid but.
my
Yeah I have a friend who um she's blind and she has a guide dog and she had a one that retired that was living with
have been adopted by some friends of hers and those friends had a teenage daughter, this is going a lot of steps, but
so um the friends saw that brody dog, it was a big black poodle was acting really weird
and they took him to the vet and it turns out that he gotten into THC and they're like how could this even happen? Well it turns out their daughter had like a entire pan of brownies and he'd eaten
the whole thing,
brownie still have enough
for a big dog to really. But yeah he got the double hit. Um he's fine but oh my god that girl got in so much trouble.
Yeah not as dangerous for dogs as it is
for cats. The pot. But man, I'm glad that november is okay.
I hope you weren't living on a carpet at the time.
Yeah.
The
poor puppy.
I don't um I will have a edible every once in a while, but uh it's not really great uh interactions with some of my medication. So it's just uh I like to make the excuse that I don't smoke because I don't want to ruin my voice. But um yeah,
I just don't like the smoking.
It's
they're only way to do it. It's edibles. Honestly, it's it's like even smoking regular cigarettes with filters and all that stuff is going to mess up your throat. Like, can you like, I can't even with unfiltered part stuff. No bad. Yeah. Most of my friends, if they are going to do anything, it's edibles because my friends are old and boring and it's a lot easier to just, you know, pack a bag of truffles or gummy worms or whatever.
I can. There's one within walking distance of my house.
Actually, no, if I walk a little farther, there's like four within walking. Yeah, they're everywhere. It is, it is the it's been legal for a while. I don't remember when it became legal.
Right. It'll get there. It's so, so stupid that it is illegal. It's not even Mhm. I could go on a rant about the war against drugs, but you've probably heard it all.
definitely. I actually signed up uh to potentially be part of a trial if they need me. Yeah.
I'm chatting um
part of a study that I'm doing slow down here. I don't love you. Yeah. Um Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Coming down the stairs and this PJs all cute. Sorry? Yeah. I don't know. I have been doing it so much reading about the science of everything and like I don't know if the vaccine is going to keep its effectiveness or anything and we just don't know enough. But something's got to change because this is
not working,
not working at all.
Um kind of, I mean, I feel like um our governor has been making science based decisions rather than political based decisions and
I really appreciate that. So we had, you know, like the first bunch of cases were here, but it never took off in the way it did and anywhere else. But you know, we opened up somewhat and things are going up, but so we're taking the whole state has a mandatory mask thing now.
Yeah and it got all politicized and people are dying. Yeah. So all I can do is wear my mask and make sure my mom and dad and step mom wear their masks
because
they're
over 70 and there in Florida.
my
sister, my sister teaches in celebration and my mom and dad are retired. My step mom is retired. Um Mom is in, I can't remember the name of the town Harmony and dad is in Kissimmee, so they're in a little cluster. Yeah. So yeah, my entire immediate family is down there, my nephew, but he's he's going into the Air Force in a couple weeks actually. Yeah, you just graduated so I wish I could have seen him before you went but can't fly down there, he can't fly up here, He was going to be up here for the fourth. Yeah, and
Yeah, but my folks are being smart like they're only seeing my sister and my nephew and all that, so Yeah, which is good, but I don't know, I worry,
never say that. Never say that. Don't
then they roll another dumpster down the
street and set it on fire.
Yeah, it's it's ridiculous like we got the murder hornets and go on
now. They found like two and they're like, don't, you know, make sure you report them if you see any more. But they were north of here, they were just on the other side of the Canada border, you know? So I'm not worried about them, you know, building a nest in my yard or whatever, but oh God, I haven't heard anything about them since like March. So they're they're biding their time and gathering their forces and then they're going to attack.
Mm. Uh Well my husband is up. I should probably go figure out what we're doing with the rest of the day.
Um They say, hold on, what did it say? It's a 25 minutes and It's definitely been at least 25 minutes time has flown.
you were great. And you have
dog
charlotte.
It's okay, you know november because that's unusual. I can remember that. It was really good to meet you
and
take care
of yourself.
Yes I am and I hope the hurricanes avoid you.
sorry.
Yeah, I'm sorry.
Well that whole dust cloud thing cooled off the surface temperature of the ocean which really helps with hurricane generation. Not happen as much so hopefully. Hopefully.
No we're done. We kind of room for you.
Yeah we're full
all the reservations have been taken by.
Thank you. This is great.
good,
I'm just gonna close my browser window. It's cool.