Hello.
I know. I'm sorry. I'm a little bit late.
Hi Lira Amethi ana
thank you. Let's move here. Mhm.
Sorry.
Yeah. All right. Sorry. I'm like helping my roommate move and I'm like I have to hurry up and do something. Get myself filtered.
Right. Right. So how are you doing?
Yes. Yes. Are you working from home?
do you like that?
And
Touching.
Um So no, I was I wasn't working from home but I work in the clinic so um in March they shut the clinic down and they had us doing in home services. They just recently reopened the clinic back up. So I start back on monday.
I feel very good about that. I did not want to be in people's homes. Um I do think you were Children. So it's like it's it's hard to do certain things when like parents are literally like watching your every move and then you feel kind of nervous even though, you know what you're doing because you don't want, you know, so I'm, I'm ready back at the center and
behavior
therapy. Mhm.
You get a B. A. Services?
Got you. Was he just recently diagnosed?
Okay,
awesome. Alright.
How old? E
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. All right.
And does he have friends? Is is he sociable?
mm, pregnancy pregnancy pig.
Uh That's so cute. And does he get a B. A. Services?
Got you, got you. Okay.
right. Yeah, that's cool. I love my job. I love my job. I didn't really know much about autism. I didn't know much about the spectrum. Um I just kind of fell into it. I just kind of fell into the job and I'm like, oh my goodness. Like this is for me, like I love this.
I've been working there for two years. Um I, once I got into it once. Well actually I've been working there for two years, but even before I started working there, I started taking um coursework to be a behavior analysts. I just, I didn't know I wanted to work with autistic Children just yet. And um, I just got done with the court. Whoa. I got done with a course where a couple months ago, I'm now getting, I'm now finishing my hours, you have to get like 1500 hours. I need like 200 hours left and um, afterwards I'll be able to sit for the exam, hopefully in September October um but I love it. I love it. I love it. Are you here,
are you in Florida?
Okay, wow. We're like, I'm in florida were like going to yeah,
Or
that's the Orlando Central area. I live in Tallahassee, but I'm from south florida. Mm hmm.
it's, it's 12 09 is 12 miles. So it's like, well what time is it right there?
yeah, gotcha, Gotcha. Gotcha!
My whole life, my whole
life.
I love it. I I was thinking about after completing my, oh sorry, my dog is like,
no, his name's november. November, go, go, go play with something good of. Um but hold on, let me just let him out the room, so he's not bothering us. Um but yeah, no, I, I love florida. I was thinking about maybe after um after I passed my exam, uh moving out of florida, trying something different. I was looking at texas, but I mean it's just so much going on in the world right now that I'm like, you know, maybe right now isn't the time to like make that type of move, but I'm definitely open to like going somewhere like maybe texas Georgia. Um Yeah, maybe those states. I'm kind of scared of the other ones.
Oh my sister lived in Seattle um she, she left Seattle maybe like two years ago, but her husband was in the military and he was out there. Yeah, so she, her and her family was out there and only for a couple of years but she hated it. She hated it. She, she's a florida girl so you know snow
and just like everything and she was like, it's just always um the weather is just like bipolar she said, so
there?
So
it's
usually,
it's usually like in the 50s like that's normal.
my goodness. Do you ever leave Seattle like do you go places travel?
present.
have
service
out there. You have service out there like there. I mean that's you know, a disconnect that's never that's that's
I wouldn't mind that at all like for like a good week to just away from work away from people and I wouldn't mind that. Mm.
and mm
What kind of work do you do?
okay.
Absolutely,
Okay. Well that's cool. You like your job?
Let
me guess.
Let me guess. Information technology.
Oh computer science marketing.
okay.
Whoa. I would not have guessed that. I would not have guessed that. My goodness. Okay, so that's why he said it's a career change because you was into Fine Arts
Find out what's fine art.
Oh my goodness, Mhm,
Mhm.
That's so cool, That's that's honestly awesome. Yes,
of course.
Uh so y'all
do like
Yeah, yeah, yeah, pretty close.
I love those type of work environments because it's like you you always work but I feel like you produce better work when you like the people you're working around and you're happy at work anyways. Yeah,
Drama.
And I'm sorry my dogs destroying something.
All right, can you take that somewhere else, please? Here? My goodness.
Oh, he's a pit mix now. I don't know what he's mixed with people say he it might be a lab. I don't know, I've gotten different things, but he's a pit mixed with something.
Uh he's so awesome, he's so awesome, he's turning to in october and I had him since he was a baby.
my goodness.
Hi.
it a girl?
What's
her name?
Oh my goodness.
I'm like such a, I never was like an animal person growing up and and when I got him, he's a rescue. When I got him, I just like fell in love with like animals, I was just like oh my goodness, there so like awesome and beautiful. And I even, I even stopped eating meat, I was like you know what? No, like I'm not even doing the meat things, like I just um I guess what is it? A tree hugger turning green person, I'm like transitioning so
um so it was actually a coworker of mine who, who lives in chattahoochee. It's like off the edge of florida. And um, he was saying how in that area, it's like a lot of dog fighting and um, it's a lot of like abandoned dogs and stuff. So I was like, no, like, what could I do to help? And it was like, okay, well you could go and try to adopt a dog from over there because they'll, they'll go into the shelters and literally take the dogs and tournament two dot like dog. Yeah. So,
so I went out there and um, and he had, it was just a whole bunch of, it was, it was a whole litter of them actually. And he just had a birthmark on his nose and I was just like, your perfect like, and so I just took them if I could, I would take more. Honestly, I do want another dog too.
ladies, all right. Yes.
Is he black too? He's black hat.
Wilbur, Hi,
Hey will
bob.
mhm. I love animals.
Mhm.
You know, I, I was gifted a lollipop. Um and I left it on and I had it for a while. I had it for a while and I just kind of left it on my dresser because I was just like, you know that I'll eat it. You know, sometime in the future I kind of forgot about it. And I came home one day and it was literally like the stick and the rapper, like on
my bed, he had eaten the whole thing and when I say he was the chilies that he has ever been in a long time. Oh my goodness. He had like I called the big, I was like freaking out, but he's a big dog. So they were saying he should be fine.
What?
mm hmm. I'm following, I'm with you.
Mhm.
No,
but chocolate is horrible for dogs.
He says.
Mm. No. Oh my goodness. Yeah.
Fashion.
Yes, he had diarrhea. Oh my goodness. It was just water. Like he had a lot of diarrhea, but once it was out he was fine.
Oh no, we have hardwood floors. God is good. We have hardwood floors. Because yeah,
no, I had I was taking him out a lot and sometimes you couldn't hold it in and
it was uh
it was please, I'm not. I hope you learned your listening. Stop sniffing around. I was looking around for stuff. Do you smoke THC?
Yeah,
I got you. I got you. I got you all my friends smoke weed. I just I've tried it and it literally like it literally burns my throat. Like I can't,
I can't, I'll do edibles, but I cannot smoke like I tried.
Is um is we legal in your state? Okay. So you could go to dispensary and just buy it?
I'm so cool. Uh
but it's been like that for a while. Yeah, it's still not unless, I mean it's still not legal here in florida unless you know, you have a prescription for it. Mhm,
Yeah. Yes. Yes. Mhm. So when the um I've been asking everybody this, so when the corona virus vaccine come out, are you taking it? Okay?
Okay. I'm so like skeptical about the whole thing. Um, I just don't know, like they say by the time, the, by the time it comes out anyways, not as much people will have to take it because most people,
Mhm.
Around your husband?
Something
it's not,
is your state shut down right now?
Smart.
Why? See, why is that not? That should have been a thing. Like why is that not a thing? It's crazy. That should have been a thing. I'm like so confused. Yeah.
Are
they in
Washington?
Oh, they're okay. They're the ones in celebration. That area
is
Yeah. That's um, that's Orange County. They have their, their cases are crazy. Yeah.
yeah, yeah, no, I I get it, I'm, I'm worried too, yes, uh I feel like every single time I say things can't get much worse, like
every time
look
every single time. Uh huh
I had heard about that and I seem like a picture of them, but I've never actually seen
mm hmm, yep, yep, yep.
okay, it's our time up. I don't, I don't know how
okay. Yeah, yeah, that did go back kind of quick. Well you rejoice to talk to, Yeah,
you're awesome.
Oh, thank you, you have beautiful cats, Wilbur and I forgot everyone's names,
charlotte, charlotte, Wilbur and charlotte.
It was nice
to meet
you
too. You too. I hope family stays okay. I hope weather gets better. Um
she's, I, I don't even
want to think, I don't even want to think of.
Yeah girl. Yeah. Oh I get this. I forgot that it is hurricane season. We haven't we haven't had anything so.
it just needs to come next year because this year is it?
Yeah it's where where we've reached our capacity of
misfortunes. Yeah we just can't.
Yeah but all right then thank you so much. Thank you so much for talking to me.
I don't know
how to hang up to be honest.
Oh okay perfect. Alright bye.