Oh, okay. Oh yeah. nine on the time where you at buddy? Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Uh huh Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, thank God. Oh. Oh. Oh yeah. Okay.
Hello? Hello? Good morning.
You had all 19.
Oh no, it sounds wonderful. Wonderful. Yeah. I'm in the east Coast as
well.
I'm in Delaware.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Well I really have to go shopping. I have to buy, I gave for my dad actually, his birthday's tomorrow.
I rather know. It's like my dad is like one of those guys, those
persons that you don't know what to give them and really like want to get them like something nice or you have like no idea what to like every year I try like different things, you know? And, and it's not like I never see him like, like, you know, like that, that amaze you know uh face, you know like well with that we all want someone to have when we give them something, you know, just like
that's the right different issue for it. Pretty my daddy song just to get person at all. So tell me about you. What do you do
for a living?
Oh that's wonderful. That's awesome. What are you going to school for?
Philosophy?
Why you any degree though?
Well yeah. It's actually interesting though because I have a degree. Um I went to school, I I get to wear the green business management and I only want to manager once and the best job I ever had that I enjoyed the most was a gigantic. Er Yeah,
well, first of all it's like what I really like about it is that I was able to be by myself
remember?
But I did have to work with older people that were like taking care of the other part. I work at the local level including a clean
lever. They would do like the bathrooms whatever and I would do the vacuum you know and we kind of like work together and we meet each other you don't work we kind of like a joke and you know and they were like super friendly towards me you know like super nice people. Um I actually was able to always listen to music when I was working. What is there like a spread like this into music. But then I got into
listening to like uh motivational speeches and uh a lot of like
very interesting stuff. I like this guy his name is Tony Robinson of you have heard about him
because she's
awesome for you know. So yeah.
looking.
and it wasn't just like it wasn't like extremely hard labor you know it's just like vacuuming you know it was like a long carpet vacuum. But that's about it, you know?
I had like a such a good time in that job. I really liked it a lot.
But then I use him. Yeah. I started suspension on my own different things. So I ended up, you know, doing what I do accordingly. Which is that I worked from my computer at home trading markets, you know, trade forex, trading stocks of this song.
Where are you? Good.
I
definitely definitely make more money than I was making as a janitor though. Yes. But don't worry this, you know, anyone who told me that you really want to have just a degree to get a decent job or like sometimes you might go anymore. Don't worry about that. You know, they really just considering two more into learning, you know, because when I was in school I hated it. I didn't understand why I was going to school. I didn't want to go there. I barely did like the Birmingham to pass my G. P. A. Was like a 2 96 at the end you know, wasn't like amazing on internet that you know. Um But it was really fun you as a
person, you know like like you hear me right, I have a degree, you know and it was a younger and I loved that job. Like people sometimes things like correlated like you study this and you do this sometimes it does sometimes nothing.
That's
pretty awesome.
Do you
have trouble?
Don't worry about it. Don't worry about actually. I think I started school um I'm from Venezuela so I started school back then in uh 2000 and two and began a bachelor's degree in 2011. So that means that it took me about a lot nine years to get a degree. Most of you got started like doing like biology and I in in in then I changed into Economics and I felt at it. Then I came to us and I was like, well let me just try to continue with something related to economic, you know? Kind of like it more than silence, you
know? Yeah.
No, no Venezuela, Venezuela. Uh huh.
Well I came here for school mostly, you know. And actually
because
you know,
we
had to
go,
oh, it's like you have any others like society is like so different here. It's I carry tickets like so different,
you know? But at the same time, um there's like always like good things as there is as much as bad things anywhere you go in the world home doesn't know what that is. Not about how you feel about some stuff, it's about how you react to stuff, how you handle stuff. Uh huh. I think that here in the U. S. Is actually more um more more like more easy to actually be able to accumulate wealth for
money or or whatever you know to have a career you know to work with camps you know the kind of stuff for example you have done in the past in my country. It's like very hard you know to you find a job very very hard so. But yeah I like it. I do I do miss Venezuela, do me a lot of my friends you know the warmth of the people, you know the weather, the beach you know it's nice.
Yeah. Yeah there's like there's like socialism, it's like it's interesting how on an ideology change the whole aspect about about a country as a whole, you know? It just sucks, you know? It's very very bad. There's so many occasion, there's lacks of food, electricity goes side all the
time, so many awful things, you know? But but but what is interesting is that even though those things are happening, people are so re silent to survive that you just do it, you know?
Oh yeah, paying for like to relax and stuff.
Oh yeah, I have some pretty crazy stuff that I had done in the past one in the corner. It's like a horse, but it looks like a donkey, you just kind of show you like me. But
Yeah. What are you, do
you like, do you happen to have these? Mhm.
It's like they got like, it's like, you're like, like, you know, like an eagle spirit that just wants to fly away. It goes without one and then you got some titus and you've got to be in this case, you know like yeah.
meaningful
what?
call
home that's
not
home.
Yeah. You have to be in touch with nature,
you know, like you have to be able to appreciate it too, you know? Because um is there, you know, you just like for me it's like so funny how are realities can change at any given moment in time. It's all about the action could take like we're here, you know, like connect him talking to a weapon right? But so down today you can be back, you know in a mountain hiking. You know, it's like it's about the choices we make every day, you know? And the cool thing is that you get like to experience
beautiful things like the images you just described to me, which sounds like amazing. You know. Mm
Just get outside the thing I want to want to try to always used to stay away from the crowded places in there. You know? Um I actually went to untouchable bars and after I went to them, I had to get tested for like probably because I was like, so, you know, and then I
was like, that wasn't worth it. You know, it's
not working
in reality.
It's like every time you're talking like, oh, I'm just going out and I'm going to a bar and I'm doing this and socializing or not. But at the same time, like this moment is like so conscious because it allowed us and many other people as well to realize what they want to do with their life. Some people realize that the job they're not as stable as they thought. Um Some people realize that there's like different ways to make money besides just granted it
out for somebody in my job, you know? Um like
yeah, time for ourselves,
you know, to realize what we want, you know, what we want to do, what we really want in life. You know, so many things we can do with this. At least I'm really, I really like it. But at the same time I do, you know, kind of missed, you know, having, you know, people around or visiting my friends and that kind of stuff, you know, overall this
something.
Isn't
it?
Yeah.
But that's interesting.
That's interesting. You mention all mentioned, you know, like
you wanted like to stay this way, you know? And I you see interesting for me because I felt that you're like such a like like um it's like freest period. Like just
you're
thinking
the ability
that you
told
me.
I know what
you mean.
Don't
agree.
I agree That perspective like society is like so um I would say that greed driven and so selfish driven, you know that we people, we get older people to do things. Like for example many people work for like like wal mart for example they used to make these people
work like it's basically slavery you know and people accepted you know people um I don't
see it as bad and you know, I want at
walmart
and that's it like three days. I was like fuck this. Um It was awful. It was awful the way they treated people the way they control people. It was it was awful. It was super by so a supervisor experience for me. But yeah like
stuff like that that realizing that there's like more besides she's focusing into making this amount of money or working this amount of hours or enjoy
your family, enjoy your close ones
you
know
appreciate life more. Yeah I'm going with you and if we can find a way as a society kind of like shift not all certain
way of things how we have been doing like
well past now they looking like most companies
are going to have people actually working mostly remotely than to to work
um The notices more efficient, you notice our productivity. Um People are distress signal so it's better you know? So yeah so you gotta you wanted to work as uh working on what you call it in a in a camp, that's what you mentioned right?
But
that's awesome. Yeah, you're gonna uh that didn't want to recommend, is that Yeah, you so uh you're waiting to graduate, you can you can see and start looking if you really want even tomorrow. The thing is that uh the thing is that yeah, it depends on the industry to because right now like camps, you know, what will be the station with camps going on home? I don't know, I don't know much about the industry,
you're not to be honest, you know? But I know you like working with kids, you like you're gonna have a philosophy degree, you
know,
you can probably look into teaching maybe um
And
so I
I felt like like in your like the way you want to see a role is like totally different and how the world is right now, I feel like you're the type of person that once like tends to change, you know to be more and open and free, you know? Yeah like that that's very cool. It's very interesting never mind anybody that had like a perspective about like so many things that are actually like very wrong. We really like think about
it, you know, not only wrong, but they can be changed to, you know, like education here, the educational system here is very very bad. Um very bad. Uh this is like a lot of help. People talk about a lot of the US about being number one all the time, you
know?
But if you look it up like online the U. S. Is number one. Like so many areas like for example education,
math,
science. Uh, so if you don't know what this is that actually what really, really happens, they're really like helps a lot of the U. S. And people don't realize is are the immigrants because statement girls that are
able to come to us, you know, you know, they come here with like a Visa, you know work
Visa or something that they are like extremely
rare people in that society
where they're coming from. It's not that everybody that I can just get a visa. No. Um
we saw that everybody has the money to apply to get a visa. No. Um like people that come here to us, you know, you know like legally, you know to like work or whatever, you know, or school or a scholarship or something, you know, they're very very very special people. You know, people don't realize that you know, uh they come here and they get these tech jobs or
it's a high paying jobs because their knowledge they have, it's just like out of proportion you know with comparison with someone that graduated from, you know in the harbor or whatever. You know, you get like somebody for example like uh like an engineer from India, you know, you just graduated,
you know, top of this class, whatever, you know,
he's bet, I bet any amount of money is going to be better than any Harvard graduate, you know, because the thing is like how they see
the world, the things they have to to survive and I think they even had to to come here to us. They find them as you know, some, some type of like different different person in a different
way of doing things, you know.
Yeah. You see, you know, I don't think your mom is any stupider any like ignorant
person.
So you see, and then people are saying that we don't need immigrants in here without America and a lot of this and you're like, you don't understand how the economy works. You don't understand the benefit the US gets from people like us coming in here. I understand you know even even the people that are doing like giving legal people are coming to this country, they're doing Yeah. And I'm willing to americans are willing to, there's a farm starting here And I know people that work there get paid about $3.50 an hour. Our in
any type
of whether they go outside the uh areas.
Yeah. But if you know what
they say, they are doing jobs that americans are not willing to do, you know?
But I wanted to ask you something. So you're from Russia when Russia you're from.
That's pretty cool. I know. I know. Uh I don't like three wars in Russia. Russian. I know that finally
by now I will be That's it all yet.
Yeah. I like the most typical like stereotype of Russian friends you can think of. Like my best friend, he was in college, he played tennis, you got like a scholarship
like tennis, it was a regular tennis player even though he got drunk next he will play a video women which he was like like weird you know you will see it like goes like you know the racket like this you know.
Yeah but he will will he was good but he he
actually
he was I think was from Siberia. Yeah he was like Siberia super cool place.
Very called to.
Yeah. Yeah. The thing is that we got some friends and we used it now and they were like in construction,
you
know they were like construction workers. It was interesting like every paycheck that got, it was just like a party you know in their house. So they probably a lot to drink a lot. It was fun. I love them. I had a hard time. Your friend too. Oh she actually moved to Spain and marry a spanish guy
honest.
Yeah, I've been to spain.
That's
experience of experiencing, show. How do you, how do you join the, what goes on this survey through prolific. That's very cool.
Uh huh. And I like it, we could be like in pounds. So I
feel
like I'm getting like
like
super
rich, you know like I get £5 I'm like oh £5. And then I transferred to paper on paper. It's like you got $7.
That's super cool. Your family. That's awesome. Yeah. Really don't enjoy. Mine,
a Russian parents are like super cool people, they were like one of the most hardworking people. Never know. You know my friend actually is like one of the smartest person I know to is I was like a
math tutor and once I have like this crazy like war problem, he was like that's like something simple, like an entrepreneur you know? But but it was like super crazy you know it was a complicated and I just like to say that to him like man I cannot solve with this problem, he just solving like five seconds in his mind you know it was, it was
like he was really really really miss him. His name is Alex Body. That is interesting, semi Salix but they say the continent lio sha
yeah but my name is ah Leonardo. Yeah so yeah it was interesting but yeah
But yeah I think um I think we we got the time down. Um
Yeah that's one point. She was nice talking to you learn
about
you. Hopefully everything goes very
well with your degree. Do you know? Uh Don't worry about don't worry about a thing is find your, find your path well.
and here to the child will buy.