Hello?
Oh good, how are you?
I'm in the U. S. I'm in Vermont.
Where
are you
in Delaware? Okay. Yeah. So we're both both starting our morning. That hum. Uh
huh.
So what are you gonna be doing after this?
well. Happy birthday to your dad. What are you gonna get him?
One.
Yeah. Maybe he's just like not a gift person and.
No
um I'm in school right now, I'm finishing my last semester of school so I graduate in a month.
philosophy is my major but
really I'm just trying to get any degree. Oh
um it just helps with jobs and stuff like that. I don't know, I dropped out of school seven years ago and then started again last year and it's hard to like have a rewarding job without a degree so.
do you like about it?
I
don't know.
cool.
all
Who?
no
I haven't.
So you can just
really enjoyed listening to those things while doing your work.
that's that's just more things you get to listen to. Uh huh.
that's
Yeah. How's that going? Sounds like risky work.
You like
it?
huh.
They are very related. Yeah. I think for me like a lot of the jobs I want like really don't care what degree you have but you need a degree. Like um I worked at summer camps a lot and I worked with like um you know program director and had counselor and stuff but in order to be a camp director they won't hire you without a degree, you just need a bachelor's. Like in anything it doesn't have to be like relevant, they just need a degree and that's like a job where you really do get really like any experience you get as while doing the job so it's really not relevant that I went to school but that's the requirement for a lot of them. Um I spent some time I lived in Prague for a while in Thailand for a while when I dropped out of school and that was really nice because there it didn't matter where I had whether I had to do it or not. I taught english there and I had a teaching, I got a teaching english certificate, I took like a month long course and I got a certificate and um it was really nice to be able to do that because I've always in the U. S. Felt like I was very limited as to like what my options were after I dropped out of school. Um So yeah
that was
But I'm
out
there. I graduate, I'm finally going to graduate in a month. Um It took me forever. I was in school for like five years and then I dropped out and then I had to start again.
what?
Yeah. So you're from Minnesota
How'd you end up in the U. S.
for
school most
like yeah. Do
you like
living
in the U. S. Would you miss Venezuela?
course
now.
That's really cool. I've never been to South or central America. So um that's one of the regions of the world I've never traveled and I'd really like to, but Venezuela is kind of hard to visit these days I hear.
What?
yeah, totally. What's the artwork behind you and your wall?
Yeah. That's your, you do that. That's awesome.
That's so cool. Yeah.
What?
I hike, um, I really like hiking. I like spending time outdoors. I really love traveling. Um, and not been able to do as much of it this year because of the pandemic. So that's kind of been like a bomb. I traveled a little bit this summer. The caseload in New England has been really low this summer. So it felt okay going to like maine and stuff like that. But Before they say like 2018, I spent a year just traveling and other like period of time just travel. So I really missed that. I'm so restless stomach about to like break through these walls so to go.
exactly, exactly and it's so like it's I mean it's good timing, I had you know, I just came back from traveling for a year straight and I was like time for school time to settle down but that it happens and I'm like oh I guess I wasn't planning to be traveling anyway, but I still, I still like feel that a lot, but you know Vermont's nice have been doing a lot of like hiking and stuff around here too, so that's kind of good to get outside the fall, this is I just moved here, I was in New Mexico before um
and I just moved here because now I'm in school at the University of New Mexico, but um because of the pandemic, we can do school remotely. So I moved here. Um and yeah, so the fall, this is my first fall
here and it was so beautiful. Like I did this hike or from the top you look down and you just see all these hills and woods and they're just like patchy, like a bunch of different colors. Like I can't do it. Like they look like the type of art that you do actually just like splatters their colors. Oh, it was
amazing.
so,
so
that's, I feel pretty lucky about that. Yeah.
Four.
no.
definitely. It's, it's good also to just, you know, get outside. That's
So
well,
hold
on it.
who?
Yeah. Really? A time for reflection? Yeah.
I'm signal
definitely.
I think I find myself like hoping that things don't really go back to like normal because the normal wasn't good. But I'm looking forward to getting back like
to being
able to hang out with a group of people without a mask on. Um
That's
why.
And
no,
I don't want things
to stay
this way,
but
like
I don't want them to go back to normal. The normal wasn't good. I think a lot of people like, like when a bunch of places closed and people were out of work because the first time people had a chance to slow down like in their whole lives. And I think a lot of people are realizing like they don't want to go back to like working all the time. And like, you know, we don't really have to like because you know, change things to like have, you know, three or four day work weeks um raise way just to make that possible. Like uh huh Things like that. Like, like just to change how what we what we accept as normal. Because I think sometimes the things we accept as normal, like we're always tired and working 40 hours a week, just like really not normal. Like these things are not not good, not okay. We're
like
the
people
used to go to work sick all the time because there's no other choice. And now like not like you can't go to work sick. Kind of like maybe finally we're going to learn this lesson that like in the grand scheme of things we need to like I realized that what we thought was normal is not normal and then like change the material forces around us to make it possible for society.
Tonight.
whoa.
Kind
of,
Well
Well,
it
was
correct,
involved.
I don't know.
well,
course.
I think that's one of the possibilities for me. It's like maybe I'll look forward because a camp director, um a lot of summer
camps had to close last summer and it's really not like certain what will happen in 2021, so it's not like a really good time to try and grow in this industry. Um I'm very skeptical of any summer camps that are hiring like leadership positions right now because it makes me wonder like what happened to their like previous leadership positions because um because everything is so weird, you know, people aren't going just transitioning us fluidly and stuff like that, like times of crisis can make people grow stronger so people are quitting during times of crisis, like why, what's wrong with this cab? So I'm not really rushing into it now. Um I'm gonna wait a little bit for like the summer camp industry to like, I guess recover from the blow of last summer um and see and then like maybe like get my foot into the door again. Um I'm just super skeptical right now about like trying to look for jobs in that field. So yeah, I don't know. Um That's that's one of the possibilities. I really like education in general. Um And I love working with youth, so I might look for something like with AmeriCorps. Um they pay back a chunk of your student loans if you work with them. So that would be nice. I mean in general like but plan with my student loans is just to like never make enough money to need to pay them back, like to stay at like an income based repayment plan that always tells me that my income is low enough that I don't have to pay anything like that's fine. Um But if I could get a chunk of that like taking care of, but America, would that be nice? Um That's one possibility. Um I don't know. We'll see I graduate in december and december is not a good time for job searching, so I'll probably start looking for something in january or something. I'm working at a grocery store right now just to like for now to have like some money while I'm in school. And also it's gonna like bridge me so it can like After I graduate like spend some time looking for something I really want to do. And the grocery store is nice. It's like a small little coop, it's not like a big chain, it's like really cute and local. And um everyone there is really weird and it's been run by hippies for 50 years, the whole place, you'll see lots of space to like slack off and stuff like that and it's good in here.
dr
for
the pregnant.
yeah, I'm really, I don't like traditional like education, I don't like classrooms or curriculums and stuff like that. There's a Montessori school really close to where I live. So if they they're hiring at the Montessori school,
I might apply there because I do like like alternative education, you know like those like preschools where the kids can do whatever they want. I'm really into that. I think it's particularly
stuff.
Well,
you're
wrong.
Yeah. Yeah. No, absolutely
not.
Absolutely.
No.
What?
Absolutely.
definitely.
Or
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
What?
definitely.
I'm actually an immigrant too. Like you, I immigrated from Russia when I was seven. Um, my mom. Yeah. And she's a doctor, so,
no, my
mom is brilliant. My mom is so cool. I love my mom, She's a genius. She does, she does like really, um, a lot of the medicine she does is very like groundbreaking medicine. Like she does like deep brain stimulation surgery for Parkinson's disease. So basically works with brain surgery. Um, uh, their technology, genetic splicing stuff. It's like out of this world, it's like really like groundbreaking like future medicine.
That's
the,
it's devastating. Yeah.
No.
Absolutely.
the far east, the city is called Nevada. Um It's on the Russian chinese border, like really far east.
whoa.
Yeah, it sounds like you learned them at the local bar. Huh? Yeah.
hmm.
This morning
was
also,
that's pretty much my town is pretty much our city is pretty much siberian to um it's really far east, you know about
as far east as you can get in Russia and
go
home.
Mhm. That's cool.
Good for her. Spain is awesome.
Um yeah, I spent some time in Barcelona and then I traveled most of Spain back in 2012. I really like
Spain. Yeah.
I use prolific like while I'm doing classes on my computer, I like do stuff with prolific in the background.
So whatever it goes with your
paper,
probably
more
money.
Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. It's so funny. Yeah.
Go.
well.
well.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Just a nickname.
I don't know.
Cool Autumn. Yeah. I think with so.
I
started
paul.
Thanks so much. Yeah. And you keep up your heart and everything. Have a good rest of your day.