How's it going?
Good, good. How's your day going?
it's
that Okay. I see. What's that about? Yeah.
Okay. That's pretty cool then.
Well, it's uh just about one where I'm at, so just ate earlier and yeah, I was just waiting for this honestly. Yeah. So do you just, what else do you do online? Is it just this prolific
or?
Oh, disco? Okay. Yeah, I heard of that too. Yeah. It's not like, you know, are using Canada though so I don't really get many offers. I don't know where you're from.
Miami. Well, how's that going? Like the virus I heard is crazy.
It's Yeah.
Hey?
Yeah, it's super unfortunate honestly. Like there's a lot of cases like every day is what I heard like 10,000 I think.
Yeah. And I heard schools are opening up and like Disney world I believe.
I see like how scared of you. Are you honestly though of this virus? Like especially in the high area, like where there's like a lot of cases, how do you feel about it? Okay.
that's that's tough honestly. Uh how do you, are you making it like are you getting by though? Especially if you're a quarantine? Quarantine?
Yeah. Just be safe. Yeah.
see.
And
it is,
That's
That's pretty cool. Yeah.
I said, yeah,
I scare.
Yeah, wow. So how long do you think this virus is going to last?
Yeah,
maybe. Uh yeah, I think maybe about a year or so honestly,
especially because it keeps going up, you know, it's just non stopping especially you know where you're from and Yeah but how is living in Miami though? Sounds like an interesting city for sure.
Oh I see. Have you been to those areas like California and Chicago new york?
Oh did you like it?
Oh really? Yeah I went one time and like it was super like there was like a lot of people and the Airbnb I got was very small compared to how much I had to pay. Yeah so I mean I didn't really like the city as much, I feel like Miami would be pretty cool spot to live in.
do your own thing. Uh Okay that's pretty cool. You've got quite a lot going for you though, like you have the acting thing you were saying you also teach like as a substitute, you know a lot of things. Honestly right now I'm just going to school for business as a financial advisor. I'm trying to you know, become one and work at a bank hopefully. So
yeah, I feel like if I had like more things like you did that be honestly a very smart way to live my life
like. Yeah, you seem to have like a lot more things going for. You have this acting thing. Mhm. Were you graduated in fine arts? Right.
Oh in theater? Okay.
Okay. Yeah. And the house teaching as a substitute? Like how much like do you get paid well? Is it
like?
It's pretty cool.
So uh what grades you teach them like Like Great 10, 11, 12 or which ones?
Oh, you teach all of them. Okay.
Not really at all. I don't really do that area you know for work for part time work especially it's not too bad.
Oh that's pretty cool honestly. Yeah. Mhm. So
have you ever tried any other testing sites or anything like that? I feel like user testing is pretty good too. I don't know if you've heard about that.
Yeah, because he's your testing. They also like they let you they give you some screeners, right? And then you just test websites. Test apps and yeah, super good. Honestly
Yeah, it's been the most lucrative for me.
Sorry.
Oh yeah, me too. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well no, I mean we're not really, you know, this is
just
a just a conversation.
No,
no,
I see, I see. Okay. Mhm.
That's pretty funny though.
But
So have you ever been to Canada
cheesy like?
Yeah. I like a whole lot more than like everything I've heard about America as a whole to be honest. It's just a whole like a lot better as a country
and the government really cares for you. Sorry.
No, don't worry. It's okay.
What were you saying?
Sounds like a mess. Honestly. Like I wouldn't ever want there even if I was paid more.
Yeah. I wouldn't want to come anywhere near that country.
Let's
see you. No offense to you.
Why is that?
Well I'm sorry.
Oh yeah florida man. Yeah, I've seen a lot of those. Yeah. Yeah.
thought it was formed as a whole. I thought it was florida as a whole when I saw those articles.
Mm Chicago is kind of scary though, is what I heard.
No.
That's pretty cool.
Okay. I see. So it's all about having those connections like people knowing the people that trained you, that type of thing.
So I'm assuming you're more interested in broadway though. Right?
Met
Sounds
pretty cool. Honestly like something you love as your job and you're making good money. That's you
know,
it's the dream. Uh
the
Oh yeah, true. But then again as long as you're happy, right, you only have one as far one life as far as we know. So yeah. Well another thing I was thinking about was what was it? So how much was your degree though? Like I read schooling there is super expensive.
Yeah. I heard some places in europe they actually pay for your education to or they provide at least you know some uh free necessities when you do go to college there
like not necessarily but I heard maybe housing. I'm not too sure though. Yeah.
that's
pretty cool. But uh so you said new york would be your like your hopeful of going there out of everywhere in America where where else would you be okay with?
mm.
And
I M. F. A. What's that?
Okay. Oh I see.
no I don't.
Okay I see it. That's pretty cool. So uh where would you want to go in Canada if given the opportunity
that
cover here?
Toronto.
Okay those top two spots raid anywhere else
I guess calvi
Calgary. Have you ever heard of that city now? Okay. That's where I'm from, right. Yeah and it's a Like 12 hours old uh from Vancouver, it's not too far but I can see why you'd say Vancouver, Vancouver is like it feels like a very like a whole different country compared to the city I'm from.
Yeah it's pretty cool.
Yeah pretty much
and less people.
not really, no
but
ah well our governments like like especially now we have a liberal government right? And right now like they really have like help. Like I hear the health insurance isn't like you know is a problem in America but over here it's more so uh you don't have to pay for doctor visits for major surgery. Uh that type of thing. And most of your Sorry?
Yeah the taxes higher but overall they cover everything that's necessary. And except of course uh like braces. Uh
Some
yeah and some medicine but most of the medicine is covered though. Mhm. And also the loans they uh they give you grants right? I don't know if they give you grants in America but these grounds really
like they even increased the grants period is the next two semesters which will effectively cover like pretty much most of people's tuition
and yeah and the loads are like a whole lot smaller and that's like problematic, you know less problems associated with it. Yeah so overall like you know you're not looking at spending too much on education and that type of thing. So yeah
it's
a pretty good country.
Pretty good catchy. Huh? Yeah
hopefully. Yeah before it's too late. Yeah. So uh any plans for today
except single
and your plans for today except staying home?
I see. Uh do you have fun filming all that stuff?
Like
how is it, do you enjoy filming like that stuff a lot?
No, you enjoy it?
wow.
100%. Yeah. So uh I think so. I think it was like 25 minutes that was required from us. I don't know how to stop it though. Uh
holes
last.
Okay. I see I guess. Yeah.
It wasn't too bad like for our first survey. Yeah.
Okay. Alright. It was nice talking to you though.
You too.
Thanks. Have a good one.