Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. No. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Group
Hi. Good. How are you?
It's fine. I'm going to do some some
smoke tapes later today.
Well I'm an actor. Um So it's a season audition. Yeah.
And you, what are you up to?
I
do prolific and d scout.
You're in Canada right now. Oh my gosh, I'm in the US, well, I'm in I'm in Miami. Yeah.
bad. Yeah, I've been home the whole time, I've been in quarantine
because my parents are working from home and they're high risk and then my brother and I have asthma, so,
so we just have been sticking to quarantine as best we can, but there's some really dumb people that are not taking it seriously, so
Yeah, and you would would close um restaurants and stuff, but no, like people are still out there no mask, like partying and our government, it doesn't care.
Disney world was open. I think that it I think that it closed, but I'm not sure. Um Schools, a lot of schools are going to be doing online in the fall, but not every university. Um And we'll regular school um has said that not not all of them have said that they're gonna go online so so I can't be late. Yeah.
I'm personally, I'm honestly I'm not that scared just because I know I'm taking the precautions like, and I know my friends are too scared me though, at least that um I don't want other people to die. And it makes me sad that there are a lot of people um that loved ones, like they have lost loved ones and also my aunt and my grandpa. I think it's a hoax. Yeah, I think it's um even though I've expressed to them like, like they laugh at me for wearing a mask. I want to ask around them. Um I've seen them. Well I see my grandparents a few times because I break them groceries. Um We get into the car delivered and so then we'll order for them to, and then they live right by me, so I just go drop it off and they like, they laugh at me and I'm like, I'm doing this for you. Um
How am I getting by? What do you mean financially? So I just graduated in May with my fine arts. And so, um, I like did the virtual graduation thing. Oh, um it's a weird time to like jump into the workforce, like I have to wait recently. That was like, how dare you ask me. Um You asked me what my life plan is when I have a degree in film in the world lay down and I'm like me because I don't know if she carries on this. Um,
um, yeah, so my parents both work and so I'm basically like freeloading off, which is really bad. But
I also, I teach vocal and acting lessons. I've been doing that
as well as all doom as
well as like prolific and disk out for like just little income that I'm kind of just stable because when everything does go back to normal, then I will, I will be like really employed again because I'm a substitute teacher and so yeah,
but sorry, what?
it's, it's like there's no auditions really for acting because it's like no movies are getting made, no shows are getting kind of just in the films and if I lived alone and I didn't have asthma, maybe I would be doing that. But yeah, and so, so these are just season auditions for different professional theater companies that are giving you an estimated when we're going to go back to work type of thing. It's not,
come
on.
um I see it lasting um
Maybe another six months.
You think so?
Um Yeah, I guess it's interesting. Um I certainly would prefer living in new york or Chicago or California. Yeah. Um just because I like, I like the city vibe. I don't live in, like I live in Miami Lakes, which is a town in Miami, but it's like 25 minutes from the beaches and yeah, I don't know, Lincoln Road and stuff, I guess what the tourists come to see. Um but also there's just a lot more work in my field, dying
More than two New York.
Yeah, I loved it, I've been twice.
it's cool because it's very it's very it's full of hispanic culture, which I love because I'm actually hispanic and so um I love being around people speaking spanish and spanish hispanic food. Um and just the people like it's really nice. Um and it's just where it's where I was born and raised of course, like it's home to me, but I'm at a place in my life where I'm ready to try something new and trying to learn about myself
Good.
What do you mean if you had more things?
Yeah, my Bachelor's in Fine Arts is in theater, uh
which enacting, Yeah.
How
do you do? So when I was working as a substitute, I was doing that while I was in school um being a part time, I don't know what it's like to do a full time, so I was thinking last week because I would get two days off of school and I would go right into rehearsal right after a long day of substitute teaching and I substitute for a high school. So um it's chilling. Like I don't, I don't do it, it's the dumbest stuff that I have to do, but I love it because um I like high schoolers for the most part and they like me or at least I really want them to the most annoying substitute. Like hi everyone, I do theater blood. They're like, we don't care about anything you have to say or do we want to play subway surfer by like, but I usually just, I do my creative stuff like on my computer while there um doing like busy work. They don't really have me actually take them. Um but sometimes what I've gotten to sub for the theater collapses, oh, I take it vote I'm like guys, this is my ballpark. This is what I know I do button. Yeah so
I'm not there.
Yeah so uh freshman to senior like
yeah. And then I have to monitor the lunches. So I'm basically like a security guard. But like do I look like a security guard?
Sorry I'm putting it up disturb. Um Yeah, not too bad. Just making sure they're not like watching anything inappropriate. And basically yeah because they use ipads for everything. I don't know it's that way in Canada. But in the U. S. Like well at least in in Miami I can't speak for the whole country. But um yeah like everything is done on the ipad. Um The textbooks there there um note taking. It's all it's all done. It's all done on the ipad.
Oh
no I haven't.
I'm going to break that down. Yeah that a user user testing
interview with anything.
This is my this is my first interview with any of the the things I've been doing.
really?
Oh okay
user testing but you're the person interviewing me. Right?
What
is it?
It's just a conversation like it's not an interview.
Oh I thought it was I'm
here. Weird questions.
Okay well that changes things. Okay.
Yeah I'm so
sorry I didn't mean it. Like why do you want to know what? Yeah. All right.
No but I really would love to my family and I are literally talking or like if donald freaking trump wins this election we're getting out of here.
don't know how to talk about politics like that. But yeah like Canada sounds so don't compare it to the U. S. And what's going on
watching?
What are you guys uh you said story hopefully. No night making funny. I'm so sorry.
Like
uh what I was gonna say, what do you guys think of the U. S.
Even if you were paid more you would get away?
Yeah. I don't believe
it.
No. None take it. Oh my god. No it really is. Like some of the states you just want to take them out. Make a puzzle making its own thing, take a few others and making its own thing. Like I really think florida well not north florida, we don't associate like north florida and south florida. It should be like it's like like north Carolina south Carolina. Like it should be its own like thing
because south florida is like mostly liberal and like we don't care what you do as long as it doesn't hurt anybody else. But then everyone in north florida is ignorant and just rude and like raging conservative wants to desert and it doesn't. And like the amount of cases if you see a florida man did this thing, have you ever asked
that they have these articles that are like,
okay. Usually north florida, wow.
florida. Think that because obviously just a florida man, whatever. Okay. Anyway, yeah, I think, I think south florida California, new york Chicago.
I don't think, I mean, I don't know, I have, I have two friends that moved to Chicago to do improv um at the IO theater, which is kind of like second city, you know what that is?
It's the training to do SNL mm People,
people study improv like seriously and continue to do improv jams until that they get either scouted from SNL casting directors or they auditioned for SNL and they're like, we're going to train. Oh, cool. Oh, I know so and so okay. You were trained well. Okay, cool. You got the job. Welcome to SNL. Like that's how that works.
Yeah, that too. It's, it's really a talent, hard work and connections go ahead newborns. Like,
yeah, I really love theater. I want to venture into film and tv commercial work just because like there's money there and I want
to, I want to try it all. Like I love all the different art forms, but I've been doing theater since I was little and it's where my, the main focus of my degree was. I would love to do that for the rest of my life.
And what,
how
did you? Right.
Unfortunately it is not the most
jobs secure, financially smart thing.
my degree was pretty expensive. I had took out, I took out loans, I got some scholarships. Um Did take out loans. Um um Yeah I was not I was not financial aid. I don't know why college is so freaking expensive in the U. S. Like my best friend, her family is from the Netherlands so I went with her um to the Netherlands and like I took a tour for school and everything and it is laughably cheaper. How much they're in like at least in the Netherlands. I don't know about all of europe but way better than the US.
Um They put it in, they pay for your school.
I mean I guess that scholarships like it just depends on on who you are and like how smart you are, how like I don't know how how much they want you to go to their school. Um There's plenty of people I know that went to school with me that my school really wanted them and they didn't have to pay a dime. Yeah. What
about
um new york city? Um Yeah. Uh
So like I'm honestly anywhere I cover for you, but definitely close to L. A. I don't really care too much about living in L. A. Because that's really expensive and like full of influencers, I need to actually to be near the L. A. Area so I can, it's accessible to me. Um I would be comfortable in santa barbara, but yeah.
And then, yeah, Chicago of course would be really awesome. Um I definitely right now I'm looking at places for an M. F. A.
A. Masters in.
Yeah, because I would love to be a college professor one day and I want to continue my education. So honestly I'm I'm willing to relocate anywhere um for a good M. F. A. Program. Um Yeah or London I really would love to move to London. London is such a hub for a theater. Um And if you know, but that's for the West End is
the West End is basically London's broadway.
Vancouver
that
everyone wants to go. We're else I don't know.
Oh yeah, that's true. Toronto. Yeah. Toronto and Vancouver.
What else is there?
What?
Come out.
That's cool. Yeah. I really love to go. I know a lot of films are, are filmed there. Yeah. And I don't know Canada, just from what I know about it, it just feels like a better us.
What
are you? Great? Are you guys a socialist country?
What
is your government like?
Because the taxes hired?
That's
not.
but
go.
That
are
pretty good country.
We need to follow in your footsteps
And
anyway,
um you know, my plans are to self tape, I have to take a monologue and a song and then for this other job opportunity they wanted me to some more complicated. They basically, um, There was a 2nd part to the form. So one was a writing portion and I feel that I finished all that. The other one was Do one video doing an introduction and to another video explaining the thing you just wrote about. And so I was like, oh, I did that last night and I was like, oh, I'll do that tomorrow. Like it's way too late for me to do those videos now, whatever. So I said comes along and basically that part of the forum disappeared disappeared. And I was just like, where did it go? And so I eat lady. And I'm like, hey, can you send me the information because I submitted the form without that part. I don't know what happened to it. So I have a lot to film today.
So
it,
Do I myself a lot.
Oh yeah. I enjoy it. Um, It does get tiresome though because I have a problem where I forget to eat. Yeah. Yeah.
If I, it's terrible. Like, so in the moment of like I need to get this done even though I use a ring light, which is also a, it's a ring light and the tripod. It's nice to have daylight. Um, so then once I feel the sun setting, it changes the color of the video and said, you mean to tell me I need to deliver a really good performance that that's in the frame. The backdrop isn't wrinkle. There's no, there's no noise outside the room. I have to get my shot with the right lighting and then an airplane passes, which happens all the time. I can't imagine in new york city there are actors in new york city. The background of things is terrible. Yeah.
That's
enough.
I think. I think we just exit out of the tab and 10 at times. Yeah. On the other tab. It says 31 minutes, 37 seconds.
What?
Well I'm surprised that it was just a conversation and not an interview. I was here. We need to interview. So anyway,
it was nice talking to you too. I hope you have a great day and good luck
thing.
Bye.