SPEAKER_R: mhm No,
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Hey, have a gun.
SPEAKER_L: Good, thanks, how are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing okay. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: My name is paul. What's your name?
SPEAKER_R: my name is Ashley, nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Nice to meet you too. Have you done one of these conversations before?
SPEAKER_R: I did a couple of the last round and I just did one last night.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, we really have, how have they been for you
SPEAKER_R: Uh a little bit of a mixed bag last night was amazing. I think I found essentially the same person. I am just several states away. So
SPEAKER_L: forever?
SPEAKER_R: you have to talk about the first conversation I had was a little bit painful. He didn't seem to know but to ask so I just kind of kept asking him questions because I didn't really know what to do. I
SPEAKER_L: it could be a little,
SPEAKER_R: did so I'm sure I wasn't much better.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, no, it's, it can definitely get a little bit of awkward at times.
SPEAKER_R: Have you done many
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: of these? Mm
SPEAKER_L: this is the 4th one I think I've done. So it's it's, you know, you start to get into a little bit of a flow with them I guess, but there's always that initial kind of like how is this going to go?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I keep getting nervous ahead of, even though I know what to expect for the first for the 20 minutes ahead of it, I'm like, Oh God, I'm so nervous like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: why I've done this a few times. It's not that bad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, it's it's um it's it, I feel the same way, there's a little bit of apprehension, uncertainty and all that stuff, but once you kind
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: of get into it, it's usually okay.
SPEAKER_R: I guess because you just never know who you're going to get. Kind of a roll of the dice.
SPEAKER_L: it is a roll of the dice. I think I've gotten pretty lucky because might have all been pretty, pretty normal I guess. As normal as it can
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: be given the circumstances.
SPEAKER_R: painful. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: we're about in the country, are you
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm in the midwest. I'm in Iowa
SPEAKER_L: okay? Right. On, I'm in California,
SPEAKER_R: nothing
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: less. Um
SPEAKER_L: how are things going out there in terms of covid and all that stuff?
SPEAKER_R: So far Iowa stance has been a pretty firm. If we don't talk about it, it's fine. Like we're not going to do a whole lot with it
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: first three or four months. They wouldn't even, they would not test you in Iowa unless you were literally licked by somebody who had a case of covid, they would not test you to this point. We still don't know what the actual numbers are in Iowa because it's a little bit easier to get a test now but not much.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, that's, that's pretty uh that's interesting. Yeah. Not known much about what's going on, kind of more in the midwest outside of like the major stories you hear about like Wisconsin I guess having a lot of problems right now. But yeah, it's been so gnarly and unpredictable.
SPEAKER_R: It really has been. I'm so I work in insurance so I've been pretty well monitoring the situation in most states because a lot of states have special rules for how we had to treat people because of the pandemic. And I was surprised only like seven states put out rules that we couldn't charge people late fees, that we couldn't cancel their policies if they couldn't pay. I was really surprised and like guys are really taking this seriously because I know that not just my customers in New Jersey in colorado and California have had closed down, like lots of people close down, but a bunch of the states just when our personal leniency policy is expired in May, that was it for a lot of people. And it
SPEAKER_L: Role.
SPEAKER_R: really surprised me because literally if a single storm happens and it's bad enough, like they will shut down cancellations for those, but they wouldn't for, you know, a global pandemic where they were literally stopping people from working,
SPEAKER_L: That's unbelievable. I guess it's just such uncharted territory for everybody, A lot of kind of figuring it out as we go along.
SPEAKER_R: Number. Yeah. I kind of wonder if they're gonna, if if some states are going to jump back on the bandwagon now that the numbers have spiked again. But my guess is not. But I feel, you know, a lot of our customers are still hurting from it, like even though they've opened back up a couple of months now, a lot of them are still really hurting from it because they've done some work but they haven't gotten paid yet because their customers can't pay them.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. It all trickles. Um an old roles like that and the uh there for how hearing now the concern is like I was just going to go back to a complete full shutdown again, it looks like it's moving in that direction.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I wouldn't be surprised if it did. I mean we don't have to worry about that in Iowa but not taking it seriously at all. She's firmly of the, if we don't test, we don't have cases so we don't. And down rules,
SPEAKER_L: that's one way to keep the numbers down some of
SPEAKER_R: mean she's not Ron there's no recorded numbers, so she's got that part right?
SPEAKER_L: very creative creative book people. Uh What about have you had any like major stuff planned this year that you had to cancel or vacations
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: or trips or anything
SPEAKER_R: well we were supposed to do every year, we do kind of a biggest vacation with my best friend and her husband where we
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: most?
SPEAKER_R: to lake house and stuff, so we cancelled that and did just a weekend at a hotel instead um that we like to go to uh usually board games and swim and stuff, so we took a shorter version. Although yes, we technically would have been more isolated if we went to the lake house, but we wouldn't have been able to go to the to the lake and swim or anything, so we were kind of like, okay what's the point? Thank you are normal hotel kind of halfway between um instead, but our friend was supposed to get married and my boyfriend was actually supposed to be in the wedding and that got pushed off till so far next year. We'll see if they will see if it happens if the numbers don't improve.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah gee I really feel bad for anybody that's been trying to plan a wedding or something like that around this time, like holy cow.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, a bunch of my friends did just small weddings and said they got a friend in Germany who she and her now husband seems to have a big wedding, but uh with all of their family, like her family flying in from the United States, but they pushed that off till next year, but they did still get married and I know a couple of other people who did that to.
SPEAKER_L: that's great. They were still at least able to get out of the ceremony and still get married at least.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, at least they got to do something and you know, at least do something to acknowledge the original date. What about you? Did you have to cancel anything?
SPEAKER_L: Um we had a couple of different family trips that we had to push back and including like camping which you think you know kind of like your lake house thing you think
SPEAKER_R: it's written.
SPEAKER_L: you know that would be okay but we do like 10 camping and we're gonna go somebody our reservation got cancelled like a few it was they gave us plenty of notice but it was still a bummer. I mean we're anticipating that that was probably going to happen. But still kids were bombed. Wife was bombed and it was, well if you get it though it's just a completely unusual year and just everybody is making the most of it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, my hairdresser, she was actually right before and in this big international trip to Israel I think with her church uh and I had seen her like right before the shutdown orders happened and then I just saw her the other day and I asked her about her trip and she's like yeah, we found out two days before we were supposed to leave that they had stopped all international travel because at that point like I feel like hey here kind of suddenly like we were aware it was happening in other countries, but they not much had happened and then till boom all of a sudden it happened do so she was pretty bummed, but they're hoping they'll go on the trip, they're hoping they'll get right now to be scheduled for june of next year, so they're hoping to
SPEAKER_L: Cause
SPEAKER_R: go then. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: my wife had a colleague that was actually on a cruise ship. Writing stuff started hitting the fan and she was one of the people that they were quarantined on board the cruise ship for like six weeks and
SPEAKER_R: my God, that's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: insanity. Yeah. She's the way this woman described. It just sounded absolutely I mean
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: boring
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: scary uncertainty. Just all of the bad stuff
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and like just the worst part of any cruise it's like probably being in your actual room. And so
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: that Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you can't do any of the fun activities that people going nurses for? All right?
SPEAKER_L: mean especially I think they at least had a balcony but my goodness, I couldn't imagine like the people on the interior like oh my God,
SPEAKER_R: yeah. No. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: it just sounded horrible. Can I ask you a question what is on the mantle behind you? I see there's like a guy in a top hat or what is that?
SPEAKER_R: Uh That is a series of action figures related. Uh My boyfriend, I sort of inadvertently started collecting them for him. Uh But yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it looks like there's hulk
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we've got several folks, we've got some dinosaurs, we've got a bunch of fallout characters because he
SPEAKER_L: play
SPEAKER_R: gets
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: uh great box.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you, sending him those. Um Yeah, it's pretty much fun stuff and hulks.
SPEAKER_L: And that's the box that the tallest talking standing on, wouldn't
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, that box so that if I remember correctly, that was like a special edition vodka he bought at one time just because
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: want?
SPEAKER_R: like Fox, I can't even remember what he stores in it anymore,
SPEAKER_L: Funny.
SPEAKER_R: the way it looks,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's really eye catching.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: It looks like
SPEAKER_R: can't even remember what's up there anymore.
SPEAKER_L: I was like, is it a Mardi gras thing? I was like what is that?
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: And yeah, it's a cool, I like the hawks.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. First one I got him was zombie hook because I was just stumped on a christmas president the first year and then I just googled it, see if that existed and it did and
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: all of the other zombie marvel figures were like 100 plus dollars, but zombie hulk was 35 I'm like
SPEAKER_L: and now
SPEAKER_R: brainer. I mean hulk is his favorite anyway, but I'm like well that's an easy decision.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't realize they have like a zombie edition or a zombie line for any of the marvel characters. I will check that out. That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, neither did I until I was strictly I was like googling just hulk and or if you like, I have to find a barbarian hulk and a couple of others.
SPEAKER_L: Riled. How are you feeling about christmas shopping for this year? You feeling confident about things?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah, I mean I really have to shop because I don't even think we're really going to see anybody. I mean we might see your his parents and my mom, but yeah, so we don't and we might be moving so I don't think I'm gonna be doing much in the way. Uh Normally I make gifts normally just so things but my sewing machine is not doing that right now. It will let me embroider but it will not so a straight line.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: weird.
SPEAKER_R: Cool Because it doesn't feel like it is, it's possessed. Those are my two theories so far. I've gotten it like 14 times. It's don't do it so
SPEAKER_L: I mean I guess if it's not
SPEAKER_R: you can
SPEAKER_L: able
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: to put
SPEAKER_R: skip that.
SPEAKER_L: a that kind of puts you in a tough position if you can't get it to do that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean it's going to get a second one because it works great for embroidery. Yeah, it just for some reason it will not so so I'm like okay well bypass.
SPEAKER_L: Get up.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: previously
SPEAKER_L: kind of gifts,
SPEAKER_R: money for him and my mom this year I think
SPEAKER_L: what kind of gift would you normally sell?
SPEAKER_R: He's depending on the person like my sister quote one year I'm theoretically working on a quote for the boyfriend but
SPEAKER_L: one.
SPEAKER_R: hasn't been touched in six. So um I have a quote plan for my mom, but I've also made like tablet covers and phone cases. Um Just little bags. I made my sister a purse one year. I made his mama purse one year. So I mean pretty much if it is, pretty much if it exists, I can probably, so it
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. You got a lot of talent. It sounds
SPEAKER_R: john
SPEAKER_L: like that's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: thanks. It's not so hard once you learn how I make gadget cushions. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: that's what we call
SPEAKER_R: Uh But yeah, I prefer smaller projects rather than quotes, but I will do quilts because they're really rewarding after the fact it's just the working on them because they're so time consuming and so very heavy because of course he doesn't want just like a small quilt. He wants like a king sized bed quilt, not for the bed just to run. And I'm like rapid. Yeah. Excellent.
SPEAKER_L: movie night on the couch and that kind of stuff,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But I don't think he intends to share with me. I think strictly for him just he needs it that big
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's funny.
SPEAKER_R: so that he can I don't know become some sort of burrito creature like whatever
SPEAKER_L: The river creature sounds like a creature I'd like to encounter.
SPEAKER_R: brain.
SPEAKER_L: What was he a game or then is he does? Yeah. What is he like apply
SPEAKER_R: Um Let's see here so on the playstation lately he's been doing a lot of fallout because
SPEAKER_L: one?
SPEAKER_R: I think the new download he does um Grand theft auto, Red Dead and um Call of Duty. Uh huh. I mean literally pretty much if it looks vaguely interesting chances are held by and plant. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: even then after my own heart
SPEAKER_R: What about you, do you game?
SPEAKER_L: I do and I play a lot of the same ones that you just mentioned that he plays. Um
SPEAKER_R: if,
SPEAKER_L: But I'm also the same way we're all, you know, I'm willing to check out anything, I just like playing games, that's actually what I what I working as I work as a producer for a company that develops mobile games. Um So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: but I like playing stuff on console and and that kind of thing a lot more,
SPEAKER_R: he yeah he I'm here to but he isn't doing very often. I can't even remember what he plays on the I know that he's really excited for Blood Bowl. Is that anyone is that that new me now? Maybe I think that one that's the main when he plays on. We also do lots of board games and then we also play dungeons and dragons.
SPEAKER_L: all right on, do you guys get together with friends for dinner?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we've got a friend Brandon who played pretty regularly and then we've been for lack of better term rotating other people through trying to find a good group. There is a lot of dungeons and drama dungeons and dragon drama in this area Which I don't really understand because we're all over 30.
SPEAKER_L: What what what kind of drama?
SPEAKER_R: Just like people I don't even know like it's just it's so I don't even listen to half of it. So dumb. Just we've had people leave groups that we were in or we've had to leave groups that we were in because people were fighting over stupid things like
SPEAKER_L: like outside of the context
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: of the game, not just their characters fighting each other but like actual person.
SPEAKER_R: exactly like someone will take something in the game too far and then it becomes a grudge for like months like moving on to the next session, we've had people have like personal drama and it like we used to play with this couple and then he had to move for a job but they stayed together long distance. But now all they do is bigger in the game so we don't play with them anymore because clearly long distance isn't working but
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: they don't
SPEAKER_L: all,
SPEAKER_R: call it and that's fine like their marriage but it's hard to play with them when all they do is bicker because he'll he'll you know walking on a computer and do Skype. You know, it's not as good as being there but it works but not when they're fighting all the time,
SPEAKER_L: no, I think that would be a little bit distracting for the rest of the group.
SPEAKER_R: definitely is. So yeah, we've been having a hard time finding like just a consistent group that we can regularly play with without people. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: How many people would you require? Like what's a sort of a decent group size in order to have a session?
SPEAKER_R: Um I mean we've played just just us and our friend Brandon before so three and and it's okay but generally like 4-5 seems like a better.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I I tried bigger groups than that in college and that seems like too chaotic to keep track of, but four or five seems to work pretty good because then you've got something, we still have 44 people, you know, three or four people actually doing the character stuff that aren't running it and so that seems to keep it moving.
SPEAKER_L: so then there's one person who kind of drives the action there, they sort of and does that person also participate
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: in any level? Like they have a character that's doing stuff or they really are kind of more the guiding force of the action and then that's it.
SPEAKER_R: primarily the guiding force of the action and then they're the they're the non player characters, so like if you're
SPEAKER_L: Are all
SPEAKER_R: bad
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: guy, they play them,
SPEAKER_L: Blackwell?
SPEAKER_R: you have to talk to a random shop owner to get information, that's who they're doing,
SPEAKER_L: How about you? That makes
SPEAKER_R: way
SPEAKER_L: sense? But there
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: were
SPEAKER_R: disseminate
SPEAKER_L: a lot of,
SPEAKER_R: information.
SPEAKER_L: have you done that role?
SPEAKER_R: I have not, I'm kind of like loosely working on translating dungeons and dragons to kind of the show warehouse 13. Did you ever watch that? Yeah, so I'm kind of trying to create, I'm kind of kind of loosely trying to form a storyline for that because I think the artifacts part would be pretty easy, I would just use the magical items guide turn them into artifacts, but I'm still trying to figure out where I want the story to go, so I'm like, I'm way far off on doing that, but since I was going to run one, I would run one like that.
SPEAKER_L: How long do you on average do you think it takes somebody to create the entire story? You know, I I assume there'd be you know variants there, but what on average what do you think of how much time do based on,
SPEAKER_R: You know, I'm not really sure, like Doug planned our most recent campaign, which we didn't get to finish because of the pandemic, but he worked on it a few times, maybe a couple hours each time, so
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: I did, it took him a really long time, but then I knew this guy in college and granted his were fairly elaborate, but he would spend like Like 20 or 30 hours playing
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: movie
SPEAKER_R: not like a year long one either, like a couple of months long campaign. And I mean his were fairly elaborate, but
SPEAKER_L: and that actually kind of was my next question. So then typically these stories play out over multiple sessions and you said even a couple months they can go
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean it depends on where they go with the story. Like I I've met people who run just like one track games that are meant to be finished in like six hours
SPEAKER_L: got you.
SPEAKER_R: just for a single session. And I sometimes I actually kind of think I enjoy those a little bit more because there's less pressure to remember things. But
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: no, I there was a pretty serious gaming group at my college and yeah, people would run sessions for like an entire semester. Like
SPEAKER_L: that's amazing. People like take notes on what's happening or like
SPEAKER_R: yeah, on the character sheet, there's usually a space for notes. We use the digital character sheets because more room. But yeah, so like, you'll take notes from session. Like one time I came up with an alias at random because I didn't trust what I was speaking with. So I didn't note that down so I could remember and maintain
SPEAKER_L: open
SPEAKER_R: the alias.
SPEAKER_L: them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, just kind of take notes and usually the person running it will kind of recap what happened at the last one at the beginning.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's cool. That's funny. Like when you're watching a tv show and they re cap. Uh
SPEAKER_R: its head like, well last session. So this happened,
SPEAKER_L: So you what? So who were you speaking with when you had to come up with the aliens? Were you talking to the person running the session?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, basically it was a random, like by standard in the game, but we were investigating some sort of mystery. So I didn't know who to trust when I asked my name. I just made one up at random and stuff, giving them my actual character's name.
SPEAKER_L: So when you say that, do you have to roll the diet
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: I think then roll the dice to see whether or not the guy believes you or how does that work? Where does the vice come in?
SPEAKER_R: So the dice come in for skilled checks. So like in that case I didn't have to because it was just a conversation basically giving him my real name. I chose to give him my fake name.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: If I suspected he was lying to me, I could do like a check for perception to see, you know, anything that makes me think he's lying to me. Or if I'm trying to scale a building, I would roll a check to see if I successfully scaled the building.
SPEAKER_L: Right. But then how do you have any sort of visualization of like where you are in space within the world itself? I get because it's all verbal, how do you know, like visualize what you're doing?
SPEAKER_R: Most people I've played with will incorporate maps. Like my just pulled an existing map. He had that I think came with like a book he read one time. He basically planned the story around this map or like our friend Brando and he doesn't, he actually will draw a map, not like a super detailed one, like blueprints, but like OK rivers over on one side
SPEAKER_L: Why,
SPEAKER_R: and there's a forest over here and then and they're usually get pretty descriptive, so they'll talk about like, okay, on the left side of the street, you have an impact in a pocket theory or apothecary and two hotels and restaurant and you know, they'll kind of try and kind of describe it to you, so you kind of have a job where you are.
SPEAKER_L: That's really interesting. Yeah, A former boss of mine used to play and he would tell me about it sometimes. I always had a lot of questions because I was always struggling to wrap my head around just uh it seems like so much to keep track of and
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: so it will go.
SPEAKER_R: it is a lot to keep track of, and that's why, like, some people, they really spend a lot of time planning it because like someone who spends a lab cam planet, they will be able to tell you exactly where every hotel is, I think, where you met every single non player character, they will be able to tell you who the main people in the town are, as far as politics and who the head of police is there. Like they'll have it all just ready and it's not random either. They just pull these names and thinner, they have it all planned out ahead of time. Even if they don't know that you're going to encounter them, they'll have it ready.
SPEAKER_L: And is do they ever do the as they call the dungeon master, the person that runs the game? Do they ever get stumped? Do you ever do something that completely like where they go, man? I don't know what to do now, I don't know what's at all
SPEAKER_R: Um I haven't had that happen in the game I've been in but my friend Gabby had that happened one time. She like pulled some of your spell out and used it in a unique way. I can't remember what the smell was but she used it not for, it's like normal purpose but technically what she wanted to use it for fit the guidelines
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: of and so she ended the fight like he's like her husband was during the game, he thought the fight was going to take The whole next two hours of that fashion and then possibly into the next one and she ended it in like 10 minutes flat, the next session ready. So they had to stop early way
SPEAKER_L: That's what it
SPEAKER_R: quicker than he had planned.
SPEAKER_L: but it's it's such an interesting improvisational component to it, like you guys that's really interesting
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. From what I've seen a lot of the really good dungeon masters, what they do is they like plan a lot of details about the world that way. If someone does do something unexpected they can just kind of roll what their existing information. But sometimes you do have to kind of make it up as you go because you can't predict exactly what everyone is going to do.
SPEAKER_L: right? Like if all of a sudden you wanted to go in there and find the police chief or whatever and slay the police chief, you could do that if you wanted. Is that correct?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah you could
SPEAKER_L: Think we try at least
SPEAKER_R: yeah you could try at least. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: from
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: crystal.
SPEAKER_R: definitely could. And there have definitely been times that like I think people have thrown off people but most people like Brandon usually runs for us and I feel like he usually has contingency plans in place or he'll have ideas of like random side stuff you can send us on that don't relate to the main thing. I can't quite tell
SPEAKER_L: kind of buys them a little time to get the main
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: border.
SPEAKER_R: who he'll just he'll mention something random or and sometimes he'll mention something random that's not related, but someone will fixate on it. We'll end up on this random. Like one time he literally did have to improv this side quest because we would not let go of this random trail
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: that wasn't related at all, but
SPEAKER_L: he was dead.
SPEAKER_R: that was what we were doing.
SPEAKER_L: That's funny. Well that sounds really cool. Yeah, I've just know very little about it other than what you're hearing, like pop culture, that kind of thing, wow. And I was always seemed like such an interesting kind of world that people get in.
SPEAKER_R: It's a lot of fun. Have you ever heard of a card game called Expedition?
SPEAKER_L: no, I haven't.
SPEAKER_R: So Expedition is kind of it's a fun car game and I kind of call it like DND light because it's kind of precept for you. So like you pick a random character and it describes the character for you and then you pick random traits for the character and then you pick random skills for the character rather than having to select these things on yourself because that's the most time consuming part of DND. But then based
SPEAKER_L: Well we both had timers set,
SPEAKER_R: right? But then basically expedition has this whole app. Uh huh. Like stories that people wrote kind of like D and D. That you can play through.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool, so it's more like training wheel version of getting into the
SPEAKER_R: You're not like I don't think it's officially designed for that purpose, but when I played it the first time it really reminded me of DND. Kind of a good introduction. Like I had a friend who is interested in DND so we play an expedition so she can decide and she really liked it because it kind of like you still get the process of choosing your character, choosing what skill you want to use. You still have to roll to steve, you succeeded on like you're trying to shoot some of the error, you still have to roll and see if you did you make decisions? It's kind of like a cross between, choose your own adventure and dungeons and dragons.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: It's kind of a fun intro.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. Well thank you so much for answering all my questions about being appreciated and
SPEAKER_R: absolutely. Thanks much for driving with me.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I hope hopefully your sewing machine gets victor, you get a new one there and
SPEAKER_R: Thanks
SPEAKER_L: have a great holiday season.
SPEAKER_R: you too.
SPEAKER_L: Take care.