mhm No,
Hey, have a gun.
I'm doing okay. Yeah,
my name is Ashley, nice to meet you.
I did a couple of the last round and I just did one last night.
Uh a little bit of a mixed bag last night was amazing. I think I found essentially the same person. I am just several states away. So
you have to talk about the first conversation I had was a little bit painful. He didn't seem to know but to ask so I just kind of kept asking him questions because I didn't really know what to do. I
did so I'm sure I wasn't much better.
Have you done many
of these? Mm
Yeah, I keep getting nervous ahead of, even though I know what to expect for the first for the 20 minutes ahead of it, I'm like, Oh God, I'm so nervous like
why I've done this a few times. It's not that bad.
What?
I guess because you just never know who you're going to get. Kind of a roll of the dice.
That's
painful. Yeah.
Um I'm in the midwest. I'm in Iowa
nothing
less. Um
So far Iowa stance has been a pretty firm. If we don't talk about it, it's fine. Like we're not going to do a whole lot with it
first three or four months. They wouldn't even, they would not test you in Iowa unless you were literally licked by somebody who had a case of covid, they would not test you to this point. We still don't know what the actual numbers are in Iowa because it's a little bit easier to get a test now but not much.
It really has been. I'm so I work in insurance so I've been pretty well monitoring the situation in most states because a lot of states have special rules for how we had to treat people because of the pandemic. And I was surprised only like seven states put out rules that we couldn't charge people late fees, that we couldn't cancel their policies if they couldn't pay. I was really surprised and like guys are really taking this seriously because I know that not just my customers in New Jersey in colorado and California have had closed down, like lots of people close down, but a bunch of the states just when our personal leniency policy is expired in May, that was it for a lot of people. And it
really surprised me because literally if a single storm happens and it's bad enough, like they will shut down cancellations for those, but they wouldn't for, you know, a global pandemic where they were literally stopping people from working,
Number. Yeah. I kind of wonder if they're gonna, if if some states are going to jump back on the bandwagon now that the numbers have spiked again. But my guess is not. But I feel, you know, a lot of our customers are still hurting from it, like even though they've opened back up a couple of months now, a lot of them are still really hurting from it because they've done some work but they haven't gotten paid yet because their customers can't pay them.
Yeah. I wouldn't be surprised if it did. I mean we don't have to worry about that in Iowa but not taking it seriously at all. She's firmly of the, if we don't test, we don't have cases so we don't. And down rules,
mean she's not Ron there's no recorded numbers, so she's got that part right?
And
well we were supposed to do every year, we do kind of a biggest vacation with my best friend and her husband where we
go
to lake house and stuff, so we cancelled that and did just a weekend at a hotel instead um that we like to go to uh usually board games and swim and stuff, so we took a shorter version. Although yes, we technically would have been more isolated if we went to the lake house, but we wouldn't have been able to go to the to the lake and swim or anything, so we were kind of like, okay what's the point? Thank you are normal hotel kind of halfway between um instead, but our friend was supposed to get married and my boyfriend was actually supposed to be in the wedding and that got pushed off till so far next year. We'll see if they will see if it happens if the numbers don't improve.
yeah, a bunch of my friends did just small weddings and said they got a friend in Germany who she and her now husband seems to have a big wedding, but uh with all of their family, like her family flying in from the United States, but they pushed that off till next year, but they did still get married and I know a couple of other people who did that to.
yeah, at least they got to do something and you know, at least do something to acknowledge the original date. What about you? Did you have to cancel anything?
it's written.
yeah, my hairdresser, she was actually right before and in this big international trip to Israel I think with her church uh and I had seen her like right before the shutdown orders happened and then I just saw her the other day and I asked her about her trip and she's like yeah, we found out two days before we were supposed to leave that they had stopped all international travel because at that point like I feel like hey here kind of suddenly like we were aware it was happening in other countries, but they not much had happened and then till boom all of a sudden it happened do so she was pretty bummed, but they're hoping they'll go on the trip, they're hoping they'll get right now to be scheduled for june of next year, so they're hoping to
go then. Mhm.
my God, that's crazy.
I'm
not
What?
Well
you can't do any of the fun activities that people going nurses for? All right?
yeah. No. Uh huh.
Uh That is a series of action figures related. Uh My boyfriend, I sort of inadvertently started collecting them for him. Uh But yeah,
yeah, we've got several folks, we've got some dinosaurs, we've got a bunch of fallout characters because he
gets
uh great box.
Thank you, sending him those. Um Yeah, it's pretty much fun stuff and hulks.
Oh yeah, that box so that if I remember correctly, that was like a special edition vodka he bought at one time just because
he
like Fox, I can't even remember what he stores in it anymore,
the way it looks,
I
can't even remember what's up there anymore.
No.
Yeah. Yeah. First one I got him was zombie hook because I was just stumped on a christmas president the first year and then I just googled it, see if that existed and it did and
all of the other zombie marvel figures were like 100 plus dollars, but zombie hulk was 35 I'm like
brainer. I mean hulk is his favorite anyway, but I'm like well that's an easy decision.
Yeah, neither did I until I was strictly I was like googling just hulk and or if you like, I have to find a barbarian hulk and a couple of others.
Uh Yeah, I mean I really have to shop because I don't even think we're really going to see anybody. I mean we might see your his parents and my mom, but yeah, so we don't and we might be moving so I don't think I'm gonna be doing much in the way. Uh Normally I make gifts normally just so things but my sewing machine is not doing that right now. It will let me embroider but it will not so a straight line.
No.
Cool Because it doesn't feel like it is, it's possessed. Those are my two theories so far. I've gotten it like 14 times. It's don't do it so
you can
just
skip that.
Yeah. I mean it's going to get a second one because it works great for embroidery. Yeah, it just for some reason it will not so so I'm like okay well bypass.
So
previously
money for him and my mom this year I think
He's depending on the person like my sister quote one year I'm theoretically working on a quote for the boyfriend but
hasn't been touched in six. So um I have a quote plan for my mom, but I've also made like tablet covers and phone cases. Um Just little bags. I made my sister a purse one year. I made his mama purse one year. So I mean pretty much if it is, pretty much if it exists, I can probably, so it
john
thanks. It's not so hard once you learn how I make gadget cushions. Okay.
Uh But yeah, I prefer smaller projects rather than quotes, but I will do quilts because they're really rewarding after the fact it's just the working on them because they're so time consuming and so very heavy because of course he doesn't want just like a small quilt. He wants like a king sized bed quilt, not for the bed just to run. And I'm like rapid. Yeah. Excellent.
Yeah. But I don't think he intends to share with me. I think strictly for him just he needs it that big
so that he can I don't know become some sort of burrito creature like whatever
brain.
Um Let's see here so on the playstation lately he's been doing a lot of fallout because
I think the new download he does um Grand theft auto, Red Dead and um Call of Duty. Uh huh. I mean literally pretty much if it looks vaguely interesting chances are held by and plant. Mhm.
What about you, do you game?
if,
mm.
he yeah he I'm here to but he isn't doing very often. I can't even remember what he plays on the I know that he's really excited for Blood Bowl. Is that anyone is that that new me now? Maybe I think that one that's the main when he plays on. We also do lots of board games and then we also play dungeons and dragons.
Yeah we've got a friend Brandon who played pretty regularly and then we've been for lack of better term rotating other people through trying to find a good group. There is a lot of dungeons and drama dungeons and dragon drama in this area Which I don't really understand because we're all over 30.
Just like people I don't even know like it's just it's so I don't even listen to half of it. So dumb. Just we've had people leave groups that we were in or we've had to leave groups that we were in because people were fighting over stupid things like
I'm
exactly like someone will take something in the game too far and then it becomes a grudge for like months like moving on to the next session, we've had people have like personal drama and it like we used to play with this couple and then he had to move for a job but they stayed together long distance. But now all they do is bigger in the game so we don't play with them anymore because clearly long distance isn't working but
they don't
call it and that's fine like their marriage but it's hard to play with them when all they do is bicker because he'll he'll you know walking on a computer and do Skype. You know, it's not as good as being there but it works but not when they're fighting all the time,
definitely is. So yeah, we've been having a hard time finding like just a consistent group that we can regularly play with without people. Yeah.
Um I mean we've played just just us and our friend Brandon before so three and and it's okay but generally like 4-5 seems like a better.
I I tried bigger groups than that in college and that seems like too chaotic to keep track of, but four or five seems to work pretty good because then you've got something, we still have 44 people, you know, three or four people actually doing the character stuff that aren't running it and so that seems to keep it moving.
What?
primarily the guiding force of the action and then they're the they're the non player characters, so like if you're
bad
guy, they play them,
you have to talk to a random shop owner to get information, that's who they're doing,
way
to
disseminate
information.
I have not, I'm kind of like loosely working on translating dungeons and dragons to kind of the show warehouse 13. Did you ever watch that? Yeah, so I'm kind of trying to create, I'm kind of kind of loosely trying to form a storyline for that because I think the artifacts part would be pretty easy, I would just use the magical items guide turn them into artifacts, but I'm still trying to figure out where I want the story to go, so I'm like, I'm way far off on doing that, but since I was going to run one, I would run one like that.
You know, I'm not really sure, like Doug planned our most recent campaign, which we didn't get to finish because of the pandemic, but he worked on it a few times, maybe a couple hours each time, so
I did, it took him a really long time, but then I knew this guy in college and granted his were fairly elaborate, but he would spend like Like 20 or 30 hours playing
and
not like a year long one either, like a couple of months long campaign. And I mean his were fairly elaborate, but
Yeah, I mean it depends on where they go with the story. Like I I've met people who run just like one track games that are meant to be finished in like six hours
just for a single session. And I sometimes I actually kind of think I enjoy those a little bit more because there's less pressure to remember things. But
no, I there was a pretty serious gaming group at my college and yeah, people would run sessions for like an entire semester. Like
yeah, on the character sheet, there's usually a space for notes. We use the digital character sheets because more room. But yeah, so like, you'll take notes from session. Like one time I came up with an alias at random because I didn't trust what I was speaking with. So I didn't note that down so I could remember and maintain
the alias.
yeah, just kind of take notes and usually the person running it will kind of recap what happened at the last one at the beginning.
its head like, well last session. So this happened,
yeah, basically it was a random, like by standard in the game, but we were investigating some sort of mystery. So I didn't know who to trust when I asked my name. I just made one up at random and stuff, giving them my actual character's name.
it's
So the dice come in for skilled checks. So like in that case I didn't have to because it was just a conversation basically giving him my real name. I chose to give him my fake name.
If I suspected he was lying to me, I could do like a check for perception to see, you know, anything that makes me think he's lying to me. Or if I'm trying to scale a building, I would roll a check to see if I successfully scaled the building.
Most people I've played with will incorporate maps. Like my just pulled an existing map. He had that I think came with like a book he read one time. He basically planned the story around this map or like our friend Brando and he doesn't, he actually will draw a map, not like a super detailed one, like blueprints, but like OK rivers over on one side
and there's a forest over here and then and they're usually get pretty descriptive, so they'll talk about like, okay, on the left side of the street, you have an impact in a pocket theory or apothecary and two hotels and restaurant and you know, they'll kind of try and kind of describe it to you, so you kind of have a job where you are.
and
it is a lot to keep track of, and that's why, like, some people, they really spend a lot of time planning it because like someone who spends a lab cam planet, they will be able to tell you exactly where every hotel is, I think, where you met every single non player character, they will be able to tell you who the main people in the town are, as far as politics and who the head of police is there. Like they'll have it all just ready and it's not random either. They just pull these names and thinner, they have it all planned out ahead of time. Even if they don't know that you're going to encounter them, they'll have it ready.
Um I haven't had that happen in the game I've been in but my friend Gabby had that happened one time. She like pulled some of your spell out and used it in a unique way. I can't remember what the smell was but she used it not for, it's like normal purpose but technically what she wanted to use it for fit the guidelines
of and so she ended the fight like he's like her husband was during the game, he thought the fight was going to take The whole next two hours of that fashion and then possibly into the next one and she ended it in like 10 minutes flat, the next session ready. So they had to stop early way
quicker than he had planned.
Yeah. From what I've seen a lot of the really good dungeon masters, what they do is they like plan a lot of details about the world that way. If someone does do something unexpected they can just kind of roll what their existing information. But sometimes you do have to kind of make it up as you go because you can't predict exactly what everyone is going to do.
Yeah you could
yeah you could try at least. Yeah
you
definitely could. And there have definitely been times that like I think people have thrown off people but most people like Brandon usually runs for us and I feel like he usually has contingency plans in place or he'll have ideas of like random side stuff you can send us on that don't relate to the main thing. I can't quite tell
like
who he'll just he'll mention something random or and sometimes he'll mention something random that's not related, but someone will fixate on it. We'll end up on this random. Like one time he literally did have to improv this side quest because we would not let go of this random trail
that wasn't related at all, but
that was what we were doing.
It's a lot of fun. Have you ever heard of a card game called Expedition?
So Expedition is kind of it's a fun car game and I kind of call it like DND light because it's kind of precept for you. So like you pick a random character and it describes the character for you and then you pick random traits for the character and then you pick random skills for the character rather than having to select these things on yourself because that's the most time consuming part of DND. But then based
right? But then basically expedition has this whole app. Uh huh. Like stories that people wrote kind of like D and D. That you can play through.
You're not like I don't think it's officially designed for that purpose, but when I played it the first time it really reminded me of DND. Kind of a good introduction. Like I had a friend who is interested in DND so we play an expedition so she can decide and she really liked it because it kind of like you still get the process of choosing your character, choosing what skill you want to use. You still have to roll to steve, you succeeded on like you're trying to shoot some of the error, you still have to roll and see if you did you make decisions? It's kind of like a cross between, choose your own adventure and dungeons and dragons.
It's kind of a fun intro.
absolutely. Thanks much for driving with me.
Thanks
you too.