Hi.
Good, thanks, how are you doing?
My name is paul. What's your name?
Nice to meet you too. Have you done one of these conversations before?
Oh, we really have, how have they been for you
forever?
it could be a little,
yeah, no, it's, it can definitely get a little bit of awkward at times.
Well
this is the 4th one I think I've done. So it's it's, you know, you start to get into a little bit of a flow with them I guess, but there's always that initial kind of like how is this going to go?
What?
Yeah, no, it's it's um it's it, I feel the same way, there's a little bit of apprehension, uncertainty and all that stuff, but once you kind
of get into it, it's usually okay.
it is a roll of the dice. I think I've gotten pretty lucky because might have all been pretty, pretty normal I guess. As normal as it can
be given the circumstances.
we're about in the country, are you
okay? Right. On, I'm in California,
so
how are things going out there in terms of covid and all that stuff?
Well.
Right. Yeah, that's, that's pretty uh that's interesting. Yeah. Not known much about what's going on, kind of more in the midwest outside of like the major stories you hear about like Wisconsin I guess having a lot of problems right now. But yeah, it's been so gnarly and unpredictable.
Role.
That's unbelievable. I guess it's just such uncharted territory for everybody, A lot of kind of figuring it out as we go along.
Right. Yeah. It all trickles. Um an old roles like that and the uh there for how hearing now the concern is like I was just going to go back to a complete full shutdown again, it looks like it's moving in that direction.
that's one way to keep the numbers down some of
very creative creative book people. Uh What about have you had any like major stuff planned this year that you had to cancel or vacations
or trips or anything
the
most?
Yeah gee I really feel bad for anybody that's been trying to plan a wedding or something like that around this time, like holy cow.
that's great. They were still at least able to get out of the ceremony and still get married at least.
Um we had a couple of different family trips that we had to push back and including like camping which you think you know kind of like your lake house thing you think
you know that would be okay but we do like 10 camping and we're gonna go somebody our reservation got cancelled like a few it was they gave us plenty of notice but it was still a bummer. I mean we're anticipating that that was probably going to happen. But still kids were bombed. Wife was bombed and it was, well if you get it though it's just a completely unusual year and just everybody is making the most of it.
Cause
my wife had a colleague that was actually on a cruise ship. Writing stuff started hitting the fan and she was one of the people that they were quarantined on board the cruise ship for like six weeks and
insanity. Yeah. She's the way this woman described. It just sounded absolutely I mean
boring
scary uncertainty. Just all of the bad stuff
and like just the worst part of any cruise it's like probably being in your actual room. And so
that Yeah.
mean especially I think they at least had a balcony but my goodness, I couldn't imagine like the people on the interior like oh my God,
it just sounded horrible. Can I ask you a question what is on the mantle behind you? I see there's like a guy in a top hat or what is that?
it looks like there's hulk
play
on.
Yeah, that's cool.
And that's the box that the tallest talking standing on, wouldn't
we
want?
Funny.
Yeah, it's really eye catching.
It looks like
I was like, is it a Mardi gras thing? I was like what is that?
And yeah, it's a cool, I like the hawks.
well
and now
I didn't realize they have like a zombie edition or a zombie line for any of the marvel characters. I will check that out. That's cool.
Riled. How are you feeling about christmas shopping for this year? You feeling confident about things?
That's
weird.
I mean I guess if it's not
able
to put
a that kind of puts you in a tough position if you can't get it to do that.
Get up.
What
kind of gifts,
what kind of gift would you normally sell?
one.
That's awesome. You got a lot of talent. It sounds
like that's really cool.
that's what we call
movie night on the couch and that kind of stuff,
Yeah. That's funny.
The river creature sounds like a creature I'd like to encounter.
What was he a game or then is he does? Yeah. What is he like apply
one?
even then after my own heart
I do and I play a lot of the same ones that you just mentioned that he plays. Um
But I'm also the same way we're all, you know, I'm willing to check out anything, I just like playing games, that's actually what I what I working as I work as a producer for a company that develops mobile games. Um So yeah,
but I like playing stuff on console and and that kind of thing a lot more,
all right on, do you guys get together with friends for dinner?
What what what kind of drama?
like outside of the context
of the game, not just their characters fighting each other but like actual person.
for
all,
no, I think that would be a little bit distracting for the rest of the group.
How many people would you require? Like what's a sort of a decent group size in order to have a session?
Mhm.
so then there's one person who kind of drives the action there, they sort of and does that person also participate
in any level? Like they have a character that's doing stuff or they really are kind of more the guiding force of the action and then that's it.
Are all
of
Blackwell?
How about you? That makes
sense? But there
were
a lot of,
have you done that role?
How long do you on average do you think it takes somebody to create the entire story? You know, I I assume there'd be you know variants there, but what on average what do you think of how much time do based on,
well
that
movie
and that actually kind of was my next question. So then typically these stories play out over multiple sessions and you said even a couple months they can go
got you.
Well
that's amazing. People like take notes on what's happening or like
open
them. Yeah.
Oh, that's cool. That's funny. Like when you're watching a tv show and they re cap. Uh
So you what? So who were you speaking with when you had to come up with the aliens? Were you talking to the person running the session?
So when you say that, do you have to roll the diet
I think then roll the dice to see whether or not the guy believes you or how does that work? Where does the vice come in?
Well
Right. But then how do you have any sort of visualization of like where you are in space within the world itself? I get because it's all verbal, how do you know, like visualize what you're doing?
Why,
That's really interesting. Yeah, A former boss of mine used to play and he would tell me about it sometimes. I always had a lot of questions because I was always struggling to wrap my head around just uh it seems like so much to keep track of and
so it will go.
And is do they ever do the as they call the dungeon master, the person that runs the game? Do they ever get stumped? Do you ever do something that completely like where they go, man? I don't know what to do now, I don't know what's at all
interesting.
That's what it
but it's it's such an interesting improvisational component to it, like you guys that's really interesting
right? Like if all of a sudden you wanted to go in there and find the police chief or whatever and slay the police chief, you could do that if you wanted. Is that correct?
Think we try at least
from
crystal.
kind of buys them a little time to get the main
border.
Well,
he was dead.
That's funny. Well that sounds really cool. Yeah, I've just know very little about it other than what you're hearing, like pop culture, that kind of thing, wow. And I was always seemed like such an interesting kind of world that people get in.
no, I haven't.
Well we both had timers set,
that's cool, so it's more like training wheel version of getting into the
Yeah, that's really cool.
That's awesome. Well thank you so much for answering all my questions about being appreciated and
yeah, I hope hopefully your sewing machine gets victor, you get a new one there and
have a great holiday season.
Take care.