SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Common depths. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Keep it, yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Come here, come here. Oh yeah yeah. Yeah mm. Yeah. Hello,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Hello?
SPEAKER_L: how's it going?
SPEAKER_R: Good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good. Um How has your day been so far?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, not too bad, just kind of busy. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: I'm feeling the same, we have this outdoor cat that has been a stray that's been coming around since september and now we think she's pregnant and because we're bleeding hearts, she's now living in uh the other room, I'm not sure if you can see it, but our cat, our resident cat just jumped up behind me, so we have a big zoo happening here right now and we're just like oh my God what do we do? We gotta get her to the vet, is she gonna have babies today? So yeah, it's fun.
SPEAKER_R: well, that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Do you have a pets of your own?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, actually we have a dog um we have rabbits and we have chickens. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: where do you live?
SPEAKER_R: um we live in a rural area in Utah Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in just the main part of Portland Oregon, so I can't imagine like putting chickens in in my house even though I have all these other bets. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: no, we we have the chickens and the rabbits outside, but
SPEAKER_L: sure. Yeah we have two dogs now. Two cats apparently or more depending on what this potentially pregnant one does, bearded dragon hamster, and then we're getting to baby rats on saturday. Uh It's my daughter's fourth birthday and that's what she wanted, so she has rats.
SPEAKER_R: I had, I had lots of animals as a kid um and one time we had hamsters and like I didn't realize that I had a boy and a girl and so we had lots of hamsters um and
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: they ended up getting out of their enclosure somehow and
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: we had hamsters everywhere. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: no. Yeah they have so many. I bought a hamster when I was like I don't know 18 or 19 and um got her from the pet store and she came home with me and she was pregnant and they didn't tell me or they didn't know and then all of a sudden there was just all of these hamsters and was like what do I do? This was not expected, they have so many, but we're getting we're definitely getting two boys, there's no mistaking boy rats. Um So um it should be fun. My my daughter is trying to figure out what to name them now and I think one of them might be called Bush at
SPEAKER_R: extra.
SPEAKER_L: Wish, which I thought was kind of cute, and then she was debating on pepperoni for the other one, but then she was like,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: I don't like pepperoni, it's too spicy. Um uh
SPEAKER_R: that's funny. My six year old amazingly has like all uh 20, yeah, 24 chickens like named and she can like tell them apart, like I'm
SPEAKER_L: gosh!
SPEAKER_R: like those two dickens look exactly the same and she's like, no, this one's comb is just a little bit bigger.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my god, kids
SPEAKER_R: I am
SPEAKER_L: are so tomorrow, I don't understand how they just, they make such cool observations about the world sometimes and the stuff around them, it's awesome. Um Do you just have your six year old or any other kids
SPEAKER_R: No just
SPEAKER_L: look
SPEAKER_R: my six year old. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: have My four year old and just found out baby #2 is on the way, so thank you, adding to the zoo is a theme, so, and yeah, should be fun.
SPEAKER_R: bumps friend.
SPEAKER_L: do you like living in Utah?
SPEAKER_R: I do actually. It's really really nice. We actually live in a place where it's very like um I would see like well like I said it's rural and so uh it's
SPEAKER_L: Hey?
SPEAKER_R: very like closed off from the world uh problems right now wow
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: good. I am.
SPEAKER_R: bye.
SPEAKER_L: Do you have like a small town that you go into nearby or you just kind of out on your own for the most part?
SPEAKER_R: Um We do have a town that's like half an hour away. Um We actually live where we live is on like indian reservation. So uh the my husband works for like the state running a fish hatchery. And so he. Yeah and so he um runs the fish hatchery and we actually live like on on the fish hatchery grounds. Um.
SPEAKER_L: that's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and so it's a whole lot different culture here.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Where did you live before this? I'm imagining someplace completely different, but I could be totally wrong.
SPEAKER_R: I actually grew up um in a rural area in California um in northern California. Uh I went to school, I went to college, I met my husband and have my daughter in California and then we decided that we wanted something different and so we moved to Nevada and then we ended up he decided that he was like oh I just want to I want to go home and he's originally from Idaho um and so he are weak, packed up and moved from Nevada to Idaho
SPEAKER_L: ok. All with
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: a kiddo and tow a young kid, I'm guessing all with your young child in tow, so fun.
SPEAKER_R: yeah so it's been kind of the adventure and then um we were like well Idaho is great but you know there has to be something better out there and so my husband and fight for this job and got it and we moved to you
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I grew up in south florida so the complete opposite of rural Um
SPEAKER_R: where more?
SPEAKER_L: and then I was planning to go off to college and I had been an only child and then my mom had my sister when I was 17, so I was like well you've kept me here now, I have to stay like, this baby is so awesome. So I stayed in town for college and then after I graduated, I was like, oh my God, I've never seen anything else in this entire big country. I've always just been in south florida. So then I packed up my car and sold all my possessions that wouldn't fit in it and and drove over to Portland Oregon, sight unseen without a job or anything. And
SPEAKER_R: Where?
SPEAKER_L: that was seven years ago. So I've just been here since. Yeah, it was
SPEAKER_R: Grace.
SPEAKER_L: fun, was scary. I freaked out all of my family and they're just like, oh my God, you're just, you're just this young girl, you can't do this. Like all my older family was like, no, women are not allowed move alone. But yes, of course. But no, that's great. I had my daughter turning for this year and then we have like a house in our zoo and um working on the job front right now because pandemic kind of threw a wrench in that one. But yeah, it's been an interesting year.
SPEAKER_R: We're trying to figure out also like uh what opportunities there is for like working at home because uh like I don't want to I can go out and get a job right now but I would rather be home in my house uh
SPEAKER_L: Oh
SPEAKER_R: that way I can that way I can kind of keep down the home for it also at the same time, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I've always you know worked since I was 15, 16 and uh took a few months off when I moved out here, but then I've been unemployed since February, so this is just like mind blowing to me like being in my house this much then like I was you know going really just like 50 job applications a week, like I have to get something, I have to get something and then within the last week I have multiple offers, but now I'm like but I think I want to stay home with this second baby, like I didn't do with my first, so maybe I should, you know, now I have to revamp and and decide, And I'm also going back to school for nursing uh in a month. So I'm like, how much can I pile on top of myself right now? Maybe, you know, let's let's maybe do more prolific chats or something and not
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: take a 40 hour a week job. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: No, I completely understand. Um I chose to be uh stay at home mom with my first and mhm uh it was really rewarding, I love
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: love it and um She's now at the age where she's in like 1st grade and she's like at school most of the time and I'm like really needing something but not wanting to work outside of the house, you know? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: What was it like being a stay at home mom for those, those early days? I remember going back to work just shy of three months and hating it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh It was it was actually really nice um for me personally because I I got my education in early childhood education um and so it was really nice for me to see um everything that I've learned kind of uh come out in this like little little human um and so like watching her like hit those milestones and is definitely exhausting, but I don't think it's any more exhausting than you know, trying to balance mhm. Home life and work life really, wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Working eight hours a day and then, you know, grabbing those last two hours before Kiddo goes back to sleep afterwards was like, just, it felt so stupid, like, so pointless at that stage. That
SPEAKER_R: well and you know what, it was kind of like a decision whether or not I wanted to go to work basically just to cover childcare, you know? Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we wouldn't have been making a whole lot of money um regardless after um after paying child care basically if I would have went back
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: to work. So um
SPEAKER_L: yeah, my child care costs for my newborn cost more than my mortgage, which is already high enough, and so that was kind of a kick in the behind back then, but yeah,
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: well, cool. Uh huh. Um what was your favorite part of those milestones that you got to see?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, let's see. My favorite part. Um I would say like her first like words. Um it was like really, I don't know, really awesome to see like her going from like just like babbling to all of a sudden, you know? Um and we taught her a lot of um baby sign. And so she like before she could actually like express herself right physically, she could express herself through sign. Um
SPEAKER_L: just like all
SPEAKER_R: Tell
SPEAKER_L: done, yep.
SPEAKER_R: tell me what what exactly she wanted um in terms of like, you know, food, water, yeah, things like that. But uh watching her develop, like the language was really fascinating for me.
SPEAKER_L: And yeah, what was her first word?
SPEAKER_R: Her first word was Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Was it appropriately time and she just do it? Uh Oh
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: my gosh, that's so cute! Uh huh My daughter's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: first word was dog,
SPEAKER_R: I was waiting for it to be like, wow, you know? But what everyone's um all of a sudden it was like she was doing something and something dropped and she Oh how
SPEAKER_L: that's so cute. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Have you accidentally uh said a cuss word in front of her and had her pick it up yet? I know we have, yep.
SPEAKER_R: Ah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh We we try not to but um I think it's inevitable. I
SPEAKER_L: they,
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: they say it's a matter of fact to, like, my daughter was listening to me talk about something, and I thought she wasn't listening and then she just goes shit, I'm like, oh
SPEAKER_R: uh huh Yeah, you're like no no don't
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: repeat
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: that. Uh
SPEAKER_L: yeah, thank you. Um
SPEAKER_R: We we try to come up with like creative ways of like covering up our custom words. Oh. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: my partner sometimes does like uh my daughter is not his, so he's kind of new to being around a toddler. Uh No, it's I mean it's been a while anyway. Um So he'll he'll catch himself, like especially if my daughter goes to her dad's and then we have kid free and we don't have to censor ourselves. And then he gets in that habit and then he's like, oh just flying unicorns and sometimes so elaborate. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Um
SPEAKER_L: it's funny
SPEAKER_R: So what did you do like job wise before? Like
SPEAKER_L: work.
SPEAKER_R: pandemic?
SPEAKER_L: Uh So I've always done office management, executive assistant type of work. My last company was in the automotive insurance realm, so if you total your car, our company would tell your insurer what to pay out to you for a total loss. Um And then before that I worked for a quilt and textile designer. And before that National Geographic. So like I am all over but always like that admin thing and now going back to school for nursing and just like let's add one more industry to my resume. Why not?
SPEAKER_R: Hey, you know what, it's better than not having a whole lot of anything. Uh I mean most of my work has been like preschool uh like teaching in childcare um type thing. And so like branching out, I'm like, I don't even know what I can do, like I don't like what do I qualify for? Mm I'm like I could go work in like the front office of you know, hotel or something. But I don't I don't know, I don't know if I would like that
SPEAKER_L: right. I don't know. It's so confusing. And then uh I've just I've done so many interviews and they're always asking like why do you want to work for our company? Like what draws us to you? And I can't say well I would really like some money. I don't care too much where it comes from like just give me a paycheck please.
SPEAKER_R: Do it. Like I'm doing it for running
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but that part of it is just such a drag when you have to answer over and over that same question because I don't know, I don't know what I want to do, but I know that I want to afford my bills, that's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: what I got going.
SPEAKER_R: Right. one of the most uh interesting like uh interview questions that I've ever encountered, I was interviewing for a job at head start where I lived. And the interview question was like um how would you define um poverty? And so it was like uh it was a really interesting question because before we were talking about um like enriching, enriching like Children's minds and the importance of family and things. And my mind immediately went to like, you know uh like a child without a support system, you know? Um Not not necessarily like not having a whole lot of money because you know, you could have, you know, less money, but also be very rich,
SPEAKER_L: Right, it's
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: very different ways to define that and I totally see where you're coming from. Oh well ma'am, What a crazy question to be asked. I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: would
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: have been so unprepared.
SPEAKER_R: I know. I was like, what, like I guess it depends on how you look at it, like uh you could define poverty in a lot of different ways. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Well, did you get the job
SPEAKER_R: I did actually. And they were, yeah, they were actually like problem, that was a really deep like answer. Usually people's, you know, answer is like not having enough money. Um Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: you ever find out what they were trying to get out of that question?
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: Like?
SPEAKER_R: actually wanted uh a little bit deeper conversation of um not necessarily like money, but uh like show now.
SPEAKER_L: Support systems and parental involvement and family structure? Got it, wow. Well, uh that sounds so interesting. I've always thought about like the providers that take care of my daughter, like she's in daycare right now. Um And I like it takes such an amazing person with such vast pools of patients that I can only imagine to do with, you know, 11
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: little toddlers running around. And was I okay? Oh, I was just gonna say like, I know, like one is hard enough and and they'll like, you know, play with each other and that takes some of it, but there's still so many kids.
SPEAKER_R: it is, yeah, whenever the last job I worked at um I was working um in Idaho, like a really like I want to say like it was a private preschool and so it was very like high up there and it was insane. Like I had a two year old classroom and it was me and another teacher. And like the ratio like for two um teachers was like mm hmm I think it was 10 each like 10 two year olds each. And I'm like, this is ridiculous.
SPEAKER_L: No way. No way. I mean, even like, I feel like in Oregon, we have pretty low ratios, like infant room was one before, and then Once they were a year old, I think it went 1-5 and now they're uh I don't think there's still at 1-5, but they might be um but Like 1-5, okay, like that makes enough sense to me for a child that's three or four years old. But uh thinking of infant room and one teacher for babies and knowing how needy babies are, I cannot imagine.
SPEAKER_R: No, like I'm two is like such an age where it's like uh they can like over for like mm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and they do need a lot mm a lot of special attention. Um And I don't know, I was I was more focused on like uh huh like
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: getting from activity, the activity um and social emotional uh health. Um The I wasn't like doing exactly that what was on like the lesson plan and which is hard.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sure um how do you have a favorite age that you worked with in the classrooms? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: would say
SPEAKER_L: what that
SPEAKER_R: money.
SPEAKER_L: you hated, Or one that you hated?
SPEAKER_R: I would say my favorite age is probably like preschool age. Um the one I wouldn't say that I hated. Um it was just a lot a lot of work um would probably be 22 year olds. That one just because I think for that age like they're into everything and like the ratio was so crazy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And all good things and bad things at every age, like uh you know, the sleeping situation was not fun in the first year, but I think baby age was my favorite age so far, just the, like, there's some little and they learned so fast and I don't know, they're just amazed by things. I remember like tossing my dog a treat and my daughter at six months old, just belly laughing and she just thought it was the greatest. I'm I just love that, like, fascination with the world around you and how everything is just so new and cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Well, and it doesn't really like, yeah, it doesn't go away for a while. Let me just say that like um my daughter is in first grade and I swear like she learns so much like and she just, she wants to learn like she is craving that like learning and exploring the world and things like that. So
SPEAKER_L: 18.
SPEAKER_R: I think as long as you foster it like, I don't know. I think that we have a lot of things around here. Um just in like where we live, we could walk out the door and go for a hike and you know, there's not a whole lot of people around that kind of like help foster that creativity and curiosity. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You're totally right though. It still keeps keeps uh going the like two nights ago we went outside because there's a bunch of slugs that got onto our porch and we were just looking at slugs and she's like, oh this is gross, but it's kind of cool is the little things. Mhm. Um What is your husband's job like, like what does he do in the course of a normal day?
SPEAKER_R: Um he actually raises rainbow or trout pretty much any kind of trout, so he goes and feeds the trout and you know, he'll measure the trout and like transfer them to different areas in the hatchery. Um and he'll go and like stock um local like lakes and rivers with uh the hatchery, trout, which is nice.
SPEAKER_L: interesting. Is it like a repopulation effort or tracking or? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: basically in, in Utah, um
SPEAKER_L: Oh,
SPEAKER_R: almost all of the fish in Utah are stocked from hatchery.
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And so they are like naturally occurring and a lot of like lakes and streams, but um because Utah is such a like heavily fished ST, they lots of, there's lots of fish that are stocked through hatchery.
SPEAKER_L: I would have never thought about it like that wild. I mean I'm a vegetarian, so I guess I don't think about fish too often in general, but um you know, I remember one of the job applications that I had was like a um intertribal fish commission since we have like a lot of native tribes in this area and that are represented and there's all of these different things that we do to make sure that we're preserving their traditions because a lot of our fish come from their land. Um and I mean until I learned of that job and perhaps maybe until your husband learned of his job, it was just like this thing that you don't really think about happening, like all of the work that goes into conservation or or like filling your streams because of all the fishing in Utah, it's so wild. Just such a cool world, a cool thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well like we, we have, if you look on the map in Utah, there is like great uh lots and lots of like ah man made um, like lakes. Um, so almost like all of them are stocked every year or you know, fishing and what not.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm um interesting. I don't know now I'm going to be thinking about fish all day, so thank you. All right. Hey, I got to go check on this cat that I am now taking care of since I'm on baby watch, but it's been super nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was very
SPEAKER_L: I was,
SPEAKER_R: nice starting you. I've never really done anything like this. And so I
SPEAKER_L: yeah. I've done a one of these chats before and one of them was just like a no show where the person never showed up, which was sad. But I don't know. It's an interesting survey for sure. I'm really wondering what they're trying
SPEAKER_R: Right. Trying to
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: out
SPEAKER_L: out.
SPEAKER_R: of it. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: we'll see or maybe they'll see. I don't know if we get the results afterwards. I don't think so. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: all right, well thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Thank you. Have a good rest of the day.
SPEAKER_R: You too.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks. I.