Thank you. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Common depths. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Keep it, yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Come here, come here. Oh yeah yeah. Yeah mm. Yeah. Hello,
how's it going?
Good. Um How has your day been so far?
I'm feeling the same, we have this outdoor cat that has been a stray that's been coming around since september and now we think she's pregnant and because we're bleeding hearts, she's now living in uh the other room, I'm not sure if you can see it, but our cat, our resident cat just jumped up behind me, so we have a big zoo happening here right now and we're just like oh my God what do we do? We gotta get her to the vet, is she gonna have babies today? So yeah, it's fun.
Yeah. Yeah. Do you have a pets of your own?
where do you live?
I'm in just the main part of Portland Oregon, so I can't imagine like putting chickens in in my house even though I have all these other bets. Yeah
sure. Yeah we have two dogs now. Two cats apparently or more depending on what this potentially pregnant one does, bearded dragon hamster, and then we're getting to baby rats on saturday. Uh It's my daughter's fourth birthday and that's what she wanted, so she has rats.
Uh huh.
no.
no. Yeah they have so many. I bought a hamster when I was like I don't know 18 or 19 and um got her from the pet store and she came home with me and she was pregnant and they didn't tell me or they didn't know and then all of a sudden there was just all of these hamsters and was like what do I do? This was not expected, they have so many, but we're getting we're definitely getting two boys, there's no mistaking boy rats. Um So um it should be fun. My my daughter is trying to figure out what to name them now and I think one of them might be called Bush at
Wish, which I thought was kind of cute, and then she was debating on pepperoni for the other one, but then she was like,
I don't like pepperoni, it's too spicy. Um uh
gosh!
Oh my god, kids
are so tomorrow, I don't understand how they just, they make such cool observations about the world sometimes and the stuff around them, it's awesome. Um Do you just have your six year old or any other kids
look
have My four year old and just found out baby #2 is on the way, so thank you, adding to the zoo is a theme, so, and yeah, should be fun.
do you like living in Utah?
Hey?
that's
good. I am.
Do you have like a small town that you go into nearby or you just kind of out on your own for the most part?
that's really cool.
Uh huh. Where did you live before this? I'm imagining someplace completely different, but I could be totally wrong.
ok. All with
a kiddo and tow a young kid, I'm guessing all with your young child in tow, so fun.
Oh that's awesome.
Yeah, I grew up in south florida so the complete opposite of rural Um
and then I was planning to go off to college and I had been an only child and then my mom had my sister when I was 17, so I was like well you've kept me here now, I have to stay like, this baby is so awesome. So I stayed in town for college and then after I graduated, I was like, oh my God, I've never seen anything else in this entire big country. I've always just been in south florida. So then I packed up my car and sold all my possessions that wouldn't fit in it and and drove over to Portland Oregon, sight unseen without a job or anything. And
that was seven years ago. So I've just been here since. Yeah, it was
fun, was scary. I freaked out all of my family and they're just like, oh my God, you're just, you're just this young girl, you can't do this. Like all my older family was like, no, women are not allowed move alone. But yes, of course. But no, that's great. I had my daughter turning for this year and then we have like a house in our zoo and um working on the job front right now because pandemic kind of threw a wrench in that one. But yeah, it's been an interesting year.
Oh
Yeah. Yeah, I've always you know worked since I was 15, 16 and uh took a few months off when I moved out here, but then I've been unemployed since February, so this is just like mind blowing to me like being in my house this much then like I was you know going really just like 50 job applications a week, like I have to get something, I have to get something and then within the last week I have multiple offers, but now I'm like but I think I want to stay home with this second baby, like I didn't do with my first, so maybe I should, you know, now I have to revamp and and decide, And I'm also going back to school for nursing uh in a month. So I'm like, how much can I pile on top of myself right now? Maybe, you know, let's let's maybe do more prolific chats or something and not
take a 40 hour a week job. Hello?
I
What was it like being a stay at home mom for those, those early days? I remember going back to work just shy of three months and hating it. Yeah.
Yeah. Working eight hours a day and then, you know, grabbing those last two hours before Kiddo goes back to sleep afterwards was like, just, it felt so stupid, like, so pointless at that stage. That
Yeah.
What?
yeah, my child care costs for my newborn cost more than my mortgage, which is already high enough, and so that was kind of a kick in the behind back then, but yeah,
well, cool. Uh huh. Um what was your favorite part of those milestones that you got to see?
just like all
done, yep.
And yeah, what was her first word?
Was it appropriately time and she just do it? Uh Oh
my gosh, that's so cute! Uh huh My daughter's
first word was dog,
that's so cute. Um
Have you accidentally uh said a cuss word in front of her and had her pick it up yet? I know we have, yep.
Yeah.
they,
they say it's a matter of fact to, like, my daughter was listening to me talk about something, and I thought she wasn't listening and then she just goes shit, I'm like, oh
no,
no,
no,
yeah, thank you. Um
Yeah,
my partner sometimes does like uh my daughter is not his, so he's kind of new to being around a toddler. Uh No, it's I mean it's been a while anyway. Um So he'll he'll catch himself, like especially if my daughter goes to her dad's and then we have kid free and we don't have to censor ourselves. And then he gets in that habit and then he's like, oh just flying unicorns and sometimes so elaborate. Um Yeah,
it's funny
work.
Uh So I've always done office management, executive assistant type of work. My last company was in the automotive insurance realm, so if you total your car, our company would tell your insurer what to pay out to you for a total loss. Um And then before that I worked for a quilt and textile designer. And before that National Geographic. So like I am all over but always like that admin thing and now going back to school for nursing and just like let's add one more industry to my resume. Why not?
right. I don't know. It's so confusing. And then uh I've just I've done so many interviews and they're always asking like why do you want to work for our company? Like what draws us to you? And I can't say well I would really like some money. I don't care too much where it comes from like just give me a paycheck please.
Yeah but that part of it is just such a drag when you have to answer over and over that same question because I don't know, I don't know what I want to do, but I know that I want to afford my bills, that's
what I got going.
Right, it's
very different ways to define that and I totally see where you're coming from. Oh well ma'am, What a crazy question to be asked. I
would
have been so unprepared.
Well, did you get the job
you ever find out what they were trying to get out of that question?
Like?
Support systems and parental involvement and family structure? Got it, wow. Well, uh that sounds so interesting. I've always thought about like the providers that take care of my daughter, like she's in daycare right now. Um And I like it takes such an amazing person with such vast pools of patients that I can only imagine to do with, you know, 11
little toddlers running around. And was I okay? Oh, I was just gonna say like, I know, like one is hard enough and and they'll like, you know, play with each other and that takes some of it, but there's still so many kids.
No way. No way. I mean, even like, I feel like in Oregon, we have pretty low ratios, like infant room was one before, and then Once they were a year old, I think it went 1-5 and now they're uh I don't think there's still at 1-5, but they might be um but Like 1-5, okay, like that makes enough sense to me for a child that's three or four years old. But uh thinking of infant room and one teacher for babies and knowing how needy babies are, I cannot imagine.
Yeah.
Mhm.
I'm sure um how do you have a favorite age that you worked with in the classrooms? Yeah.
Or
what that
you hated, Or one that you hated?
And all good things and bad things at every age, like uh you know, the sleeping situation was not fun in the first year, but I think baby age was my favorite age so far, just the, like, there's some little and they learned so fast and I don't know, they're just amazed by things. I remember like tossing my dog a treat and my daughter at six months old, just belly laughing and she just thought it was the greatest. I'm I just love that, like, fascination with the world around you and how everything is just so new and cool. Yeah.
18.
Yeah. You're totally right though. It still keeps keeps uh going the like two nights ago we went outside because there's a bunch of slugs that got onto our porch and we were just looking at slugs and she's like, oh this is gross, but it's kind of cool is the little things. Mhm. Um What is your husband's job like, like what does he do in the course of a normal day?
interesting. Is it like a repopulation effort or tracking or? Yeah.
Oh,
interesting.
I would have never thought about it like that wild. I mean I'm a vegetarian, so I guess I don't think about fish too often in general, but um you know, I remember one of the job applications that I had was like a um intertribal fish commission since we have like a lot of native tribes in this area and that are represented and there's all of these different things that we do to make sure that we're preserving their traditions because a lot of our fish come from their land. Um and I mean until I learned of that job and perhaps maybe until your husband learned of his job, it was just like this thing that you don't really think about happening, like all of the work that goes into conservation or or like filling your streams because of all the fishing in Utah, it's so wild. Just such a cool world, a cool thing.
Mhm um interesting. I don't know now I'm going to be thinking about fish all day, so thank you. All right. Hey, I got to go check on this cat that I am now taking care of since I'm on baby watch, but it's been super nice talking to you.
I was,
yeah. I've done a one of these chats before and one of them was just like a no show where the person never showed up, which was sad. But I don't know. It's an interesting survey for sure. I'm really wondering what they're trying
to
get
out.
Well
we'll see or maybe they'll see. I don't know if we get the results afterwards. I don't think so. But yeah.
Yeah. Thank you. Have a good rest of the day.
Thanks. I.