Yeah. Hello?
Good, how are you?
Oh, not too bad, just kind of busy. Mm.
well, that's cool.
Yes, actually we have a dog um we have rabbits and we have chickens. Mhm
um we live in a rural area in Utah Yeah.
no, we we have the chickens and the rabbits outside, but
I had, I had lots of animals as a kid um and one time we had hamsters and like I didn't realize that I had a boy and a girl and so we had lots of hamsters um and
they ended up getting out of their enclosure somehow and
we had hamsters everywhere. Yeah,
extra.
But
that's funny. My six year old amazingly has like all uh 20, yeah, 24 chickens like named and she can like tell them apart, like I'm
like those two dickens look exactly the same and she's like, no, this one's comb is just a little bit bigger.
I am
No just
my six year old. Yeah.
bumps friend.
I do actually. It's really really nice. We actually live in a place where it's very like um I would see like well like I said it's rural and so uh it's
very like closed off from the world uh problems right now wow
what
bye.
Um We do have a town that's like half an hour away. Um We actually live where we live is on like indian reservation. So uh the my husband works for like the state running a fish hatchery. And so he. Yeah and so he um runs the fish hatchery and we actually live like on on the fish hatchery grounds. Um.
Yeah and so it's a whole lot different culture here.
I actually grew up um in a rural area in California um in northern California. Uh I went to school, I went to college, I met my husband and have my daughter in California and then we decided that we wanted something different and so we moved to Nevada and then we ended up he decided that he was like oh I just want to I want to go home and he's originally from Idaho um and so he are weak, packed up and moved from Nevada to Idaho
and
yeah so it's been kind of the adventure and then um we were like well Idaho is great but you know there has to be something better out there and so my husband and fight for this job and got it and we moved to you
Yeah.
where more?
Where?
Grace.
We're trying to figure out also like uh what opportunities there is for like working at home because uh like I don't want to I can go out and get a job right now but I would rather be home in my house uh
that way I can that way I can kind of keep down the home for it also at the same time, you know?
All
No, I completely understand. Um I chose to be uh stay at home mom with my first and mhm uh it was really rewarding, I love
love it and um She's now at the age where she's in like 1st grade and she's like at school most of the time and I'm like really needing something but not wanting to work outside of the house, you know? Mhm.
Uh It was it was actually really nice um for me personally because I I got my education in early childhood education um and so it was really nice for me to see um everything that I've learned kind of uh come out in this like little little human um and so like watching her like hit those milestones and is definitely exhausting, but I don't think it's any more exhausting than you know, trying to balance mhm. Home life and work life really, wow.
well and you know what, it was kind of like a decision whether or not I wanted to go to work basically just to cover childcare, you know? Um
we wouldn't have been making a whole lot of money um regardless after um after paying child care basically if I would have went back
to work. So um
That's
Oh, let's see. My favorite part. Um I would say like her first like words. Um it was like really, I don't know, really awesome to see like her going from like just like babbling to all of a sudden, you know? Um and we taught her a lot of um baby sign. And so she like before she could actually like express herself right physically, she could express herself through sign. Um
Tell
tell me what what exactly she wanted um in terms of like, you know, food, water, yeah, things like that. But uh watching her develop, like the language was really fascinating for me.
Her first word was Oh,
Oh
I
I was waiting for it to be like, wow, you know? But what everyone's um all of a sudden it was like she was doing something and something dropped and she Oh how
Yeah.
Ah
Yeah. Uh We we try not to but um I think it's inevitable. I
mean
uh huh Yeah, you're like no no don't
don't
repeat
that. Uh
We we try to come up with like creative ways of like covering up our custom words. Oh. Uh
huh.
Um
So what did you do like job wise before? Like
pandemic?
Hey, you know what, it's better than not having a whole lot of anything. Uh I mean most of my work has been like preschool uh like teaching in childcare um type thing. And so like branching out, I'm like, I don't even know what I can do, like I don't like what do I qualify for? Mm I'm like I could go work in like the front office of you know, hotel or something. But I don't I don't know, I don't know if I would like that
Do it. Like I'm doing it for running
and
Right. one of the most uh interesting like uh interview questions that I've ever encountered, I was interviewing for a job at head start where I lived. And the interview question was like um how would you define um poverty? And so it was like uh it was a really interesting question because before we were talking about um like enriching, enriching like Children's minds and the importance of family and things. And my mind immediately went to like, you know uh like a child without a support system, you know? Um Not not necessarily like not having a whole lot of money because you know, you could have, you know, less money, but also be very rich,
you know?
I
know.
I know. I was like, what, like I guess it depends on how you look at it, like uh you could define poverty in a lot of different ways. Yeah,
I did actually. And they were, yeah, they were actually like problem, that was a really deep like answer. Usually people's, you know, answer is like not having enough money. Um Mhm.
They
actually wanted uh a little bit deeper conversation of um not necessarily like money, but uh like show now.
I'm
it is, yeah, whenever the last job I worked at um I was working um in Idaho, like a really like I want to say like it was a private preschool and so it was very like high up there and it was insane. Like I had a two year old classroom and it was me and another teacher. And like the ratio like for two um teachers was like mm hmm I think it was 10 each like 10 two year olds each. And I'm like, this is ridiculous.
No, like I'm two is like such an age where it's like uh they can like over for like mm
and they do need a lot mm a lot of special attention. Um And I don't know, I was I was more focused on like uh huh like
getting from activity, the activity um and social emotional uh health. Um The I wasn't like doing exactly that what was on like the lesson plan and which is hard.
I
would say
money.
I would say my favorite age is probably like preschool age. Um the one I wouldn't say that I hated. Um it was just a lot a lot of work um would probably be 22 year olds. That one just because I think for that age like they're into everything and like the ratio was so crazy. Yeah.
Well, and it doesn't really like, yeah, it doesn't go away for a while. Let me just say that like um my daughter is in first grade and I swear like she learns so much like and she just, she wants to learn like she is craving that like learning and exploring the world and things like that. So
I think as long as you foster it like, I don't know. I think that we have a lot of things around here. Um just in like where we live, we could walk out the door and go for a hike and you know, there's not a whole lot of people around that kind of like help foster that creativity and curiosity. Mhm
Um he actually raises rainbow or trout pretty much any kind of trout, so he goes and feeds the trout and you know, he'll measure the trout and like transfer them to different areas in the hatchery. Um and he'll go and like stock um local like lakes and rivers with uh the hatchery, trout, which is nice.
basically in, in Utah, um
almost all of the fish in Utah are stocked from hatchery.
Yeah. And so they are like naturally occurring and a lot of like lakes and streams, but um because Utah is such a like heavily fished ST, they lots of, there's lots of fish that are stocked through hatchery.
Yeah. Well like we, we have, if you look on the map in Utah, there is like great uh lots and lots of like ah man made um, like lakes. Um, so almost like all of them are stocked every year or you know, fishing and what not.
Yeah, it was very
nice starting you. I've never really done anything like this. And so I
Right. Trying to
get
out
of it. Right.
But
all right, well thank you.
You too.