SPEAKER_L: Oh I was mhm mhm Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi, can you hear me okay,
SPEAKER_L: Right
SPEAKER_R: cool,
SPEAKER_L: trump.
SPEAKER_R: how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: Pretty good. I just finished eating my lunch.
SPEAKER_L: saying very well
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm in California. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: exits. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: time is it over there?
SPEAKER_L: it's three o'clock. I was just working this morning.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Okay. Do you work from home?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've been working on zoom as like a mentor for a young girl with autism.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's nice. Is that every day?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Most space yeah it just has random hours because she needs like She needs to be supervised about 2024 7. Pretty much so Okay. Random hours. But yeah, most based. What have you been doing?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well I'm currently unemployed. Um So I've been mainly just doing surveys online. Are you part of Mturk as well?
SPEAKER_L: No, I use prolific. Have you ever used that one?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I use prolific. Um And I also use emptor. So those are like the two main online survey platforms I use.
SPEAKER_L: Makes sense. I haven't used, I've heard of them because we were going to use it for my, one of my labs that I did in college but I haven't ever used it. I've just done prolific because I can just have it up in the background. Hey. Well
SPEAKER_R: I think it's it's a lot easier than I'm trick in terms of you just get sense studies that you're qualified for and for m sure you just have to keep actively searching for stuff that you want to do. Um
SPEAKER_L: Big ones.
SPEAKER_R: But since I want to earn more money now since I'm unemployed, um I spent most of my days on mturk because I earn more more
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: money that way. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What were you doing before?
SPEAKER_R: I was actually a nursing student in an undergrad program I recently graduated. Um and I've just casually been looking for jobs. I haven't found anything yet, but
SPEAKER_L: It being a nurse is did you just graduate this year? Help me too. But what where do you go to school?
SPEAKER_R: Um near my place, Have you heard of Saxe State? I don't know if you're familiar with California, but
SPEAKER_L: Not very
SPEAKER_R: um it's actually my second bachelor, so
SPEAKER_L: you can.
SPEAKER_R: um I graduated. When did I graduate? My first one? Uh in 2014 I got my first undergrad from UC Davis. Um And then I had a full time job and I decided to go back to school for nursing, so
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I thought so.
SPEAKER_R: what about you? Um What did you major in?
SPEAKER_L: I majored in child studies but I'm going to um grad school next year for occupational therapy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: nice. Did you already apply to programs and got in or you're still playing?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I went to Vanderbilt which I just graduated in May and then I'm going to Washington University in ST louis. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: thanks. Are you excited to start,
SPEAKER_L: Yes I am excited to be out of texas.
SPEAKER_R: What does, what
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: does that mean, like you
SPEAKER_L: I think?
SPEAKER_R: you don't really like it there or
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean I just haven't lived here. Well I lived here my whole life until I went to college and then I haven't been back home for more than like a few weeks at most since since then. But then I've been back since March because we were kicked out of our dorms and we have to live in dorms all four years. So I like lost my housing and stuff in Nashville so I had to come home and it's just not the most fun. It's actually like right now.
SPEAKER_R: did you enjoy growing up where you thought it was kind of boring to like there wasn't much to do?
SPEAKER_L: It's fine. I don't know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm from a small town to like I grew up
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: in a small town and yeah there wasn't that much to do but um
SPEAKER_L: no it's not for me
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: you like it a lot of Nashville?
SPEAKER_L: I liked it enough the more I feel like I'm more suited to live on like a coast like north coast east coast. Yeah in the south
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: I think I'm ready to be out of this out for good.
SPEAKER_R: I just so um were you able to finish your studies like did you have to do like online studies end?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah we had online the last few months after did y'all dosages online?
SPEAKER_R: Um No I actually graduated like in end of january's so it was like right before the whole pandemic hits that I was kind of looking that way. But was it hard to finish like doing things online?
SPEAKER_L: And like yes and no like yes in terms of like I don't think I learned almost anything after we went online but the classes also switched to pass fail. I have to do anything because like I didn't have to do very much to just get a pass from. So at that point I pretty much just like I didn't I never pretty much like okay I guess somebody, wow.
SPEAKER_R: That's interesting. Do you
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: think every single class switches to pass fail or just your classes?
SPEAKER_L: Uh No you have the option to switch to pass fail or keep it towards your G. P. A. At that point I like what I've had to work pretty hard to keep my G. P. A. Or I could just switch to pass fail and not. So I was also
SPEAKER_R: I guess.
SPEAKER_L: only like 32 or three classes because I was pretty much done. So it wasn't as hard for me. I feel worse for people who are going back in the fall. That's going to be rough.
SPEAKER_R: Wait, did you say sorry? You said you're going back in the fall or non still next to you?
SPEAKER_L: we are going back in the fall. Um So far my classes are like half online and half in person they're saying so far and the ones that are in person, they're like minimizing the amount of people and putting us in big really big rooms from what I understand and they're also grouping us by with by who we live with and like we lived nearer.
SPEAKER_R: So in terms of like who you stay in your dorms with?
SPEAKER_L: no I have an apartment now since I'll be a like a grad student, so they're gonna like my roommates, most of us, most of the people are living with other people in the O. T. Program. So they're grouping us by like who our roommate, so like me and my roommate will be in the same section of everything and then on top of their also like anybody who lives in the same apartment building we do or in the same apartment buildings right by us. Their grouping us all together, I guess. I'm not sure. I mean we have to wear like masks, I don't know, they have all these things were going to have to do, but I'm kind of under the impression that it might switch to all online. And like I I wouldn't be surprised if it does but hopeful because my programs technically through like the medical school and not through the main campus where the undergrads are and I feel like the first ones to go online are going to be undergrads. So I mean that's what my hope and but also I mean I'm going to only be in the first semester so most of my classes could pretty easily be switched to online because it's not like fieldwork or. Yeah muslim.
SPEAKER_R: So you don't have to like go into any other, I'm not sure. Do you have to go into hospitals or like clinics?
SPEAKER_L: Um It depends so there are O. T. S. And it depends on like what you want to specialize in and like what setting you prefer because there's Otis in the school system but there's also T. S in like hospitals and then rehab clinics and then there's also people who are just like private. Like so. Yeah but
SPEAKER_R: Said.
SPEAKER_L: when you when you get into like later in the program we do have to do fieldwork. Which is I
SPEAKER_R: so that's not first semester, that's like the other semesters?
SPEAKER_L: I think our first field work is like at the end of our first year, so I think it's like next summer would be our and that is just like watching other people for the most part from what I understand. Um So that field work is like could easily be switched to online if it needed to. It's the like second level field work where you're basically practicing at that point, but just like somebody like our licence ot is watching you the whole time. And that is what I think would be harder to do. Like ritual, I hope we'll be for another like 2.5 years. So I'm just like, oh
SPEAKER_R: Wait, so is the whole program a three year program?
SPEAKER_L: I'm not sure if I'm gonna do the masters or the doctoral program. So the master's program, you I think you technically graduate in May two. Like and I would graduate in May of 2022, Um but then you're not licensed yet, you have to do a like a field work. So I would be able to take the like board certification in december after I do field work. But if I did utd it's an additional year On top of that. So I would be graduating in December of 2020 or like completely finished in December of 2022 or 2023. But I haven't decided which I'm going to do yet.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So you have time to decide maybe like after your first year or something?
SPEAKER_L: but they're here is just like the foundations kind of stuff. And so everybody is taking the same classes. They structured it so that everyone is taking the same classes so that like you have the flexibility to decide which path you want. Which
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: maybe yeah, they kind of teach you like or like they kind of um they can just see like which path you want to go into the first year by teaching you different distancing.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I grew up with them, neither of them, you you get the same licensure. So either way it's like the same. Like if you're an RN you get the same urine. Oh, trl. Either way, it's like your license if you get a masters or the doctoral and there's no difference in scope of practice between the two and there's very minimal difference in income unless you're in the public school system. The only difference is that if you do the O. T. V. You have more flexibility to like teach and get into research later on. Then you do with the masters, which one kind of interested in. But also I think I just want to be done.
SPEAKER_R: I know I feel I feel bad because I think out of, yeah I've been in school for like 18 years and I feel so long
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, I'm ready to be done. So we'll see where I go right now. I think I'm leaning towards just doing the masters and then possibly doing a doctoral kind of work like online because you can do that while working and that way I can be working and also like less debt. This is all the most what?
SPEAKER_R: Did you know right away that you wanted to um get your masters like right after undergrad or?
SPEAKER_L: Uh No actually I almost did like teach for America because I was going back and forth on what I wanted to do. I know I wanted to do something like child focused, which is why I majored in what I did and I knew that would like what I majored in, I was probably going to have to do graduate work or like get a teaching license because I mean there's just not very many jobs and with a child studies degree. So okay, I was pretty sure and then I went back and forth and I am now very glad I didn't decide to do like teach for America. I think it would be very stressful to be a teacher right now. So possible.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's good.
SPEAKER_L: What about
SPEAKER_R: Glad
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: you have a path for yourself. Um
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: Well as of now I'm just trying to find a job here in California. It's kind of I mean I think what the pandemic there are a number of jobs that have opened up but there are a lot of people who want to work in those jobs still
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of difficult. Like pretty much the same as before. The pandemic in terms of finding a job here in California since it's so saturated.
SPEAKER_L: I think that
SPEAKER_R: Um I heard there's like other states hiring nurses like pretty easily but since most of my family's here I just want to stay within California and
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: I like I like it here. Have you ever been to California?
SPEAKER_L: I have, I went to um somewhere when I was younger with SAn Diego And then like three years ago I was in San Francisco for like two weeks.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Just to visit or mm
SPEAKER_L: just give it, I liked it.
SPEAKER_R: You like it better than texas?
SPEAKER_L: I think so the people here are just driving me and saying and also it's really hot so
SPEAKER_R: It's I thought it's haden is it the same because it's pretty hot in California to like in the summertime.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know it's pretty bad here, it's gotten like I just don't go outside.
SPEAKER_R: I haven't I rarely go outside now since I'm unemployed and I you know social distancing so I'm like home all day. All right.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Have you taken up any new hobbies?
SPEAKER_R: Um Trying to think. I don't think so. I pretty much it is I mean my main hobby I guess right now is just doing online survey.
SPEAKER_L: What's that?
SPEAKER_R: Um All right I yeah I pretty much do that all day and then I wind down at night just by watching netflix or movies on tv and it's pretty much my days for the past few months.
SPEAKER_L: In light of all
SPEAKER_R: What about you being new?
SPEAKER_L: um Not really, I mean yeah I work usually I work in the morning but sometimes in the evening I have done like some embroidering but not much. Uh huh and they're like listening to podcasts or youtube or netflix and about it. I got a kitten because I was, I just got 11 thing sad. It's like this is so I've been taking care of my kitten and then knowing all my friends with pictures of him all day, call it.
SPEAKER_R: you know that's the next to you're seeing another room?
SPEAKER_L: very sweet.
SPEAKER_R: Oh so is he um like a newborn? Like he got him as a newborn?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, he's, I got him when he was like three months old and now he's like 5.5 And he's getting really big, he's going to be really big I think. But he's very sweet.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: He brought, his
SPEAKER_R: but.
SPEAKER_L: favorite activity is um to knock over cups that are full of whatever I'm drinking all over the on purpose, especially when they are completely full is his favorite time to do it. And he'll like reach over on the nightstand and swat it down with his boss. So pretty annoying other life. He's great.
SPEAKER_R: Right, that's cute. I wish, I mean I have two dogs but they're they live at my parents house. Um so I only get to see them whenever I go visit.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Um We've been wanting because I live in an apartment with my boyfriend, it's kind of small. Um and we're technically not allowed to have any pets but I feel like if we get a cat, you know they won't make too much noise
SPEAKER_L: we're very used to hide and you don't have to like take it out so you don't risk running into someone because they just have a litter box. So yeah, I highly recommend.
SPEAKER_R: or does your cat ever like go on your window sill and like climb there I'm afraid like people will see our our cat like go in the window.
SPEAKER_L: What what what are you on?
SPEAKER_R: Um We only have them five complex apartments in our complex,
SPEAKER_L: Welcome.
SPEAKER_R: so we're all like on the first level.
SPEAKER_L: Except Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_R: So is this your first pet you've ever owned or?
SPEAKER_L: No, we have two dogs and then, have, well it's the first pet that's all ever been like specifically mine with my like family dogs and we have a family cat. But I'm gonna I wanted one that I could take to ST louis with me when I move. So
SPEAKER_R: okay. So pets are allowed over there?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, our apartment. I think they were just trying to get us to move in because we signed our lease like in May or june so I think that they're just trying to get people who will like sign it and we mentioned that we might get we didn't like that, we might get a pet and then they were like, well throw that in for free, so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I heard most, I mean I think most other apartments, like you have to pay like a monthly fee or something, so that's nice. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: so cute. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yes, only you usually do, but they were, I think they're just trying to get people to sign leases. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: How long have you and your boyfriend been together? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: It's been I believe about four years and six months quite a while.
SPEAKER_L: mom.
SPEAKER_R: I was actually looking at like engagement rings um like end of, I don't know, end of jane, sorry, end of december, Beginning of january around that time. Um And then I think I was wanting to go to like just look around with him, but I never brought it up because the whole pandemic happened. So I guess that's on a hold right now. I don't know. We'll see. Yeah, I don't know. But I'm 28 right now and then I feel like once I hit 30, I don't feel like I'm getting old. I
SPEAKER_L: I feel bad.
SPEAKER_R: feel like I feel like I need to have kids soon.
SPEAKER_L: I was just like a turning point age for a lot of people That's like my sister's 29 and she's starting to be like, oh no, I need to have Children if I'm going to have them, like having all those feelings and she's like, I don't know if I want kids, but also like I have to decide now like
SPEAKER_R: I know. That's how I feel too. Did she currently married or engaged or anything?
SPEAKER_L: No, she has a boy, she just moved in with her boyfriend, so that might come soon. Ish. But I don't know. I think they're kind of holding off. Yeah. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: So what do you do for fun, like before the whole pandemic happened?
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: Did you like,
SPEAKER_L: not much. Um I don't know, I feel like I was pretty, pretty boring the last year, like throughout my senior year I think I got pretty, I feel like I was a lot more fun and then senior year hit and I just felt like I was, I was old and like over it, like I was watching all these people like going out all the time and I was like, I'm good.
SPEAKER_R: so because you feel like you had a study or you just didn't feel
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: like going
SPEAKER_L: I wasn't
SPEAKER_R: out?
SPEAKER_L: easy, I've seen, I'm like over it and also what does I feel like like lost its appeal and yeah, I don't know, just like frat parties are really big at Vanderbilt and I was like, I don't want to go to that at all, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: because you've been too many like before and you just got tired of it,
SPEAKER_L: I mean I went like freshman year, I feel like most people did freshman year and then after freshman year I like went less and less because they're just really gross.
SPEAKER_R: I was kind of opposite. I mean I didn't really go to that many parties, but I remember as an undergrad, I was like, I don't know why, but I was like very studious and I didn't really want to hang out with people like my first through third years of undergrad, but my last year I think I had to do with my ex boyfriend too because you were very like active in, he
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: didn't
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: want me to do things. So I think it's because after we broke up and I was like more free I guess. So
SPEAKER_L: makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: I started like going out more, we would go clubbing like every week and
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: some party sometimes, but I missed that period of my life. I feel like
SPEAKER_L: Back
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: on my like first like two years of college. I feel like those are the ones where I was like, I was like sometimes I'm like, how did I make it home a lot.
SPEAKER_R: I know, you know, just thinking back,
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: if this is pretty in a safe place, but
SPEAKER_L: one.
SPEAKER_R: I remember just walking home late at night with my girlfriend And then we walked for like maybe 20 minutes by ourselves drunk.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You want to win
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: wasn't safe,
SPEAKER_L: sophomore year? When we came back, we went out like the first night we came back and I hadn't eaten much that because I've been driving the whole day to get there and we went out and it just turned into like both of us really drunk trying to get back home. She like left her phone and her wallet and the Uber didn't realize until the next day, like both of them throwing up halfway through the walk home and it was just like, and I like that I was like, that was so not
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I'm glad nothing bad happened to both of us.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'll survive. And I feel like that kind of stuff this law. I mean, I still like would sometimes, but I think, I mean, I feel like part of it was I had like the opposite. Like I did have a boyfriend and he didn't care if I went out or anything like I still did sometimes, but I was a lot of the timeless just like I prefer to stay home or just like drink wine with my friends. I'm not like, also a lot of my friends were like started going to bars more and that's expensive, gets expensive.
SPEAKER_R: I know. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like I wasted a lot of money on alcohol. Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: wonderful.
SPEAKER_R: wow. Um, I recently took up snowboarding. Have you ever been snowboarding
SPEAKER_L: No, I've
SPEAKER_R: or skiing?
SPEAKER_L: never been in like real snow. So like more than those in Nashville, which is like maybe an inch every year, like one time. So that's like the most,
SPEAKER_R: What about in texas? It doesn't snow?
SPEAKER_L: no, it's no, it's not one time and like that 18 years I grew up here and it was like, it didn't even stick to the ground, but everyone like school got canceled a Yeah, okay.
SPEAKER_R: so so is it that it doesn't snow? Like where you live or all throughout texas, you think?
SPEAKER_L: I think it does more in like the north, like the Panhandle part of texas. I think it snows more there, but for the most part, I don't think very much, but I'm in an area which is pretty southern, so Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, I think for the past three years I've been learning and getting better at networking and I like it. That's like one of my main hobbies that I do in the winter time.
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome. I always wanted to try something like that or even go skiing because I've never been, but I also feel like I would be very bad of it.
SPEAKER_R: I've never been skiing. I don't know. I feel like people say it's easier to learn how to ski, but I don't know what kind of dangerous to, cause you're just strapped in. And I've seen people like lose their skis and they have to like climb all the way back up together.
SPEAKER_L: No. Well, Oh man. Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: Have you been traveling a lot? Like are you, have you been to a lot of places? Mm.
SPEAKER_L: Not, well, obviously not recently, but uh not really much until I studied abroad last year, like my junior year, I studied abroad in Scotland um and I was there, I traveled a lot, which was really fun because it's really cheap to like once you're in europe to travel within europe, so really nice and
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I went all over while I was there because my classes, the school is a lot easier and like less intense and all the lectures and stuff were always recorded, so like if you didn't go it wasn't a big deal because you could just watch it later. So I traveled a lot there, what about you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um I've actually never been outside of the U. S. So and I, I've only been to like, let's see, I've been to Oregon Nevada Illinois. Is that, it may be only three states. I haven't been traveling much now, but I want to like, once I earn more money and
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. It's
SPEAKER_R: save up.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I never thought I would like like it that much, and then with Vanderbilt like Financial Aid cover study to study abroad, so I was like I might as well do it I guess and then it was really great and like at least for like going to europe, the most expensive part is like the plane ticket over. But then like once you're there like we just stayed in hostels and like all my plane tickets were like so cheap and they also have really good public transport so it was so easy to just like go all over, which is very nice.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not like crazy expensive.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, that's cool. I think, I think I looked into it um sitting abroad, but I don't think financial aid covered a lot of it when I was looking into the program for myself, so I was kind of bummed out. Pretty expensive so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's having to my little sister because she goes to University of Houston and it was going to be a lot more than the tuition there. But I guess it's because like Vandals private and they they cover like their financial aid is really good so and it transfers over and so most of the time they like schools abroad are cheaper than Vanderbilt so you'll see the aid like whatever is left over. That's like the discrepancy intuition they just like give you that money to like live on. So yeah it's very nice husband.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's cool. Do you have any plans like other than, you know, going to school? But do you have any other plans that's coming here And or 20? 20?
SPEAKER_L: Not really. I mean I'm going to be moving in a few weeks and then like not really. I mean we were I was planning on traveling some with my boyfriend this summer before he started working and I started going to school but that didn't happen obviously and
SPEAKER_R: Did you guys like broke anything or it was just
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: planning?
SPEAKER_L: well we're like not really know. We have been planning it that we were about to book since like just like little or trips and then we were talking about possibly going to like um Japan and Thailand and like just Asia in general. Um But then obviously no. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know my plans are to moved from texas and that's about it. What about your old? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um I don't think I have any plans either. No. Plan. My life
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: is boring.
SPEAKER_L: a very big planner and I've been working very hard on not planning so that I just don't get disappointed because everything is getting counseled. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh, what are you going to do for the rest of the day?
SPEAKER_L: I feel no now I feel like I did all my things this morning so I'll probably just, I don't know watched Youtube maybe what talks good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Do you have a netflix account er amazon account? Do you watch movies on their last,
SPEAKER_L: I'm pretty often and my boyfriend's in new york um because that's where he's from and so we haven't seen each other so we use sener, it's like a plug in. Have you heard of it?
SPEAKER_R: No, I haven't seen her.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. S C E N E R. And it's like a plug in where you can link up your like netflix or hulu or any of those accounts and so you can like watch it while also like face timing in the same screen and it syncs up the video so a lot which is nice.
SPEAKER_R: that's nice
SPEAKER_L: Kind of feels like you're together but
SPEAKER_R: jimmy. Do you guys ever like can you like talk while or like?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah you can talk and there's also a chat but you can also completely talk, it's like a sidebar with a video, like video. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so you guys do that almost every night or
SPEAKER_L: pretty often, which is nice.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: Well maybe that he's been having wifi problems this week though, so we'll see. Which is
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: long
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: have you been in together?
SPEAKER_L: Uh almost three years. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Do you know if you guys are engaging anytime soon?
SPEAKER_L: Now, no not in currently, still graduate because he's going to be in Atlanta, he's going to do consulting so I wasn't that worried about it before because he's going to be traveling a lot anyways and with it like he could travel to ST louis all that like whenever he wanted on the weekends, but now that's not happening, so.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, not at least until I graduate from grad school and can like live wherever. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: So so did he live in new york the whole time and then you guys were like doing long distance?
SPEAKER_L: no he went to Vanderbilt with me but he grew up in new york city and then when we got kicked out we didn't know where to go and then like we both decided to just go home thinking it was only going to be like a month or two, no
SPEAKER_R: How long have you been?
SPEAKER_L: fine. So it's okay. It's actually not gonna expected and we just got thrown into long distance a little bit earlier than expected and like long distance and we haven't been able to see each other which kind of sucks but it's been okay. True.
SPEAKER_R: he plan on visiting you when you start school?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think so. He's planning on moving to Atlanta in september and then I think he's going to come stay with me a few weeks before that but we'll see his plan is changing because he's not even sure to start date keeps getting pushed. So I guess it depends on when he actually ends up starting, he keeps getting pushed back because of pandemic. So. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Hopefully you guys see each other soon. I don't know if I could last long distance. I don't know. I feel very I don't know. I think I'm very um I think I'm very dependent on my partner. I mean
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: I can't independent but I think I just missed them a lot.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It really sucks the first few weeks because we were like basically living together the last like few months. Um because I had I had a door, but it was basically a one bedroom apartment and he pretty much moved in. And then it was like I host seeing him like every single day most of the day and all of a sudden it was like, not at all, she kind of sucks but that I'm like, well I guess it's like prepping me for we were going to be long distance anyways. I mean it
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: was going to be different, but yeah, but yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I'm glad you're able to cope the long distance right now.
SPEAKER_L: taking a few months it wasn't coping too well over.
SPEAKER_R: are you currently living by yourself?
SPEAKER_L: No, I'm at home like with my mom and Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Let's see if other people with you, you know, kitty cat?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's been very helpful. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Well it was nice
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I was talking to you too. Have a great day the rest of your day.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you too. And hopefully everything goes on with your move to your new apartment.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Good luck. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Bye.