Hi, can you hear me okay,
cool,
how are you doing?
Pretty good. I just finished eating my lunch.
Um I'm in California. What about you?
time is it over there?
okay. Okay. Do you work from home?
Oh that's nice. Is that every day?
Um Well I'm currently unemployed. Um So I've been mainly just doing surveys online. Are you part of Mturk as well?
Yeah. Yeah. I use prolific. Um And I also use emptor. So those are like the two main online survey platforms I use.
I think it's it's a lot easier than I'm trick in terms of you just get sense studies that you're qualified for and for m sure you just have to keep actively searching for stuff that you want to do. Um
But since I want to earn more money now since I'm unemployed, um I spent most of my days on mturk because I earn more more
money that way. Yeah.
I was actually a nursing student in an undergrad program I recently graduated. Um and I've just casually been looking for jobs. I haven't found anything yet, but
Um near my place, Have you heard of Saxe State? I don't know if you're familiar with California, but
um it's actually my second bachelor, so
um I graduated. When did I graduate? My first one? Uh in 2014 I got my first undergrad from UC Davis. Um And then I had a full time job and I decided to go back to school for nursing, so
what about you? Um What did you major in?
nice. Did you already apply to programs and got in or you're still playing?
thanks. Are you excited to start,
What does, what
does that mean, like you
you don't really like it there or
did you enjoy growing up where you thought it was kind of boring to like there wasn't much to do?
Yeah I'm from a small town to like I grew up
in a small town and yeah there wasn't that much to do but um
So
you like it a lot of Nashville?
it's
I just so um were you able to finish your studies like did you have to do like online studies end?
Um No I actually graduated like in end of january's so it was like right before the whole pandemic hits that I was kind of looking that way. But was it hard to finish like doing things online?
That's interesting. Do you
think every single class switches to pass fail or just your classes?
I guess.
Wait, did you say sorry? You said you're going back in the fall or non still next to you?
So in terms of like who you stay in your dorms with?
So you don't have to like go into any other, I'm not sure. Do you have to go into hospitals or like clinics?
Said.
so that's not first semester, that's like the other semesters?
Wait, so is the whole program a three year program?
Okay. So you have time to decide maybe like after your first year or something?
So
maybe yeah, they kind of teach you like or like they kind of um they can just see like which path you want to go into the first year by teaching you different distancing.
I know I feel I feel bad because I think out of, yeah I've been in school for like 18 years and I feel so long
Did you know right away that you wanted to um get your masters like right after undergrad or?
Well that's good.
Glad
you have a path for yourself. Um
Well as of now I'm just trying to find a job here in California. It's kind of I mean I think what the pandemic there are a number of jobs that have opened up but there are a lot of people who want to work in those jobs still
it's kind of difficult. Like pretty much the same as before. The pandemic in terms of finding a job here in California since it's so saturated.
Um I heard there's like other states hiring nurses like pretty easily but since most of my family's here I just want to stay within California and
I like I like it here. Have you ever been to California?
Okay. Just to visit or mm
You like it better than texas?
It's I thought it's haden is it the same because it's pretty hot in California to like in the summertime.
I haven't I rarely go outside now since I'm unemployed and I you know social distancing so I'm like home all day. All right.
Um Trying to think. I don't think so. I pretty much it is I mean my main hobby I guess right now is just doing online survey.
Um All right I yeah I pretty much do that all day and then I wind down at night just by watching netflix or movies on tv and it's pretty much my days for the past few months.
What about you being new?
you know that's the next to you're seeing another room?
Oh so is he um like a newborn? Like he got him as a newborn?
But
but.
Right, that's cute. I wish, I mean I have two dogs but they're they live at my parents house. Um so I only get to see them whenever I go visit.
Um We've been wanting because I live in an apartment with my boyfriend, it's kind of small. Um and we're technically not allowed to have any pets but I feel like if we get a cat, you know they won't make too much noise
or does your cat ever like go on your window sill and like climb there I'm afraid like people will see our our cat like go in the window.
Um We only have them five complex apartments in our complex,
so we're all like on the first level.
So is this your first pet you've ever owned or?
okay. So pets are allowed over there?
I heard most, I mean I think most other apartments, like you have to pay like a monthly fee or something, so that's nice. Oh,
it's
so cute. Oh
Yeah.
It's been I believe about four years and six months quite a while.
I was actually looking at like engagement rings um like end of, I don't know, end of jane, sorry, end of december, Beginning of january around that time. Um And then I think I was wanting to go to like just look around with him, but I never brought it up because the whole pandemic happened. So I guess that's on a hold right now. I don't know. We'll see. Yeah, I don't know. But I'm 28 right now and then I feel like once I hit 30, I don't feel like I'm getting old. I
feel like I feel like I need to have kids soon.
I know. That's how I feel too. Did she currently married or engaged or anything?
So what do you do for fun, like before the whole pandemic happened?
Did you like,
so because you feel like you had a study or you just didn't feel
like going
out?
I know
because you've been too many like before and you just got tired of it,
I was kind of opposite. I mean I didn't really go to that many parties, but I remember as an undergrad, I was like, I don't know why, but I was like very studious and I didn't really want to hang out with people like my first through third years of undergrad, but my last year I think I had to do with my ex boyfriend too because you were very like active in, he
didn't
want me to do things. So I think it's because after we broke up and I was like more free I guess. So
I started like going out more, we would go clubbing like every week and
some party sometimes, but I missed that period of my life. I feel like
I'm
I know, you know, just thinking back,
I mean
if this is pretty in a safe place, but
I remember just walking home late at night with my girlfriend And then we walked for like maybe 20 minutes by ourselves drunk.
That
wasn't safe,
I don't know. I'm glad nothing bad happened to both of us.
I know. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like I wasted a lot of money on alcohol. Uh huh
wow. Um, I recently took up snowboarding. Have you ever been snowboarding
or skiing?
What about in texas? It doesn't snow?
so so is it that it doesn't snow? Like where you live or all throughout texas, you think?
But yeah, I think for the past three years I've been learning and getting better at networking and I like it. That's like one of my main hobbies that I do in the winter time.
I've never been skiing. I don't know. I feel like people say it's easier to learn how to ski, but I don't know what kind of dangerous to, cause you're just strapped in. And I've seen people like lose their skis and they have to like climb all the way back up together.
Have you been traveling a lot? Like are you, have you been to a lot of places? Mm.
No.
Yeah. Um I've actually never been outside of the U. S. So and I, I've only been to like, let's see, I've been to Oregon Nevada Illinois. Is that, it may be only three states. I haven't been traveling much now, but I want to like, once I earn more money and
save up.
Thanks.
Yes, that's cool. I think, I think I looked into it um sitting abroad, but I don't think financial aid covered a lot of it when I was looking into the program for myself, so I was kind of bummed out. Pretty expensive so.
Yeah. That's cool. Do you have any plans like other than, you know, going to school? But do you have any other plans that's coming here And or 20? 20?
Did you guys like broke anything or it was just
planning?
Okay.
Um I don't think I have any plans either. No. Plan. My life
is boring.
Yeah. Oh, what are you going to do for the rest of the day?
Do you have a netflix account er amazon account? Do you watch movies on their last,
No, I haven't seen her.
that's nice
jimmy. Do you guys ever like can you like talk while or like?
Right,
so you guys do that almost every night or
All
How
long
have you been in together?
Do you know if you guys are engaging anytime soon?
All
So so did he live in new york the whole time and then you guys were like doing long distance?
How long have you been?
he plan on visiting you when you start school?
Hopefully you guys see each other soon. I don't know if I could last long distance. I don't know. I feel very I don't know. I think I'm very um I think I'm very dependent on my partner. I mean
I can't independent but I think I just missed them a lot.
It's
I'm glad you're able to cope the long distance right now.
are you currently living by yourself?
Let's see if other people with you, you know, kitty cat?
Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Well it was nice
talking to you.
Yeah, you too. And hopefully everything goes on with your move to your new apartment.
Thank you. Bye.