Oh I was mhm mhm Hello?
Right
trump.
I'm good. How are you?
saying very well
exits. Yeah
it's three o'clock. I was just working this morning.
Yeah. I've been working on zoom as like a mentor for a young girl with autism.
Uh Most space yeah it just has random hours because she needs like She needs to be supervised about 2024 7. Pretty much so Okay. Random hours. But yeah, most based. What have you been doing?
No, I use prolific. Have you ever used that one?
Makes sense. I haven't used, I've heard of them because we were going to use it for my, one of my labs that I did in college but I haven't ever used it. I've just done prolific because I can just have it up in the background. Hey. Well
Big ones.
Thanks.
What were you doing before?
It being a nurse is did you just graduate this year? Help me too. But what where do you go to school?
Not very
you can.
I don't know. I thought so.
I majored in child studies but I'm going to um grad school next year for occupational therapy. Yeah.
Yeah I went to Vanderbilt which I just graduated in May and then I'm going to Washington University in ST louis. Yeah.
Yes I am excited to be out of texas.
What
I think?
Yeah I mean I just haven't lived here. Well I lived here my whole life until I went to college and then I haven't been back home for more than like a few weeks at most since since then. But then I've been back since March because we were kicked out of our dorms and we have to live in dorms all four years. So I like lost my housing and stuff in Nashville so I had to come home and it's just not the most fun. It's actually like right now.
It's fine. I don't know
what,
no it's not for me
and
I liked it enough the more I feel like I'm more suited to live on like a coast like north coast east coast. Yeah in the south
I think I'm ready to be out of this out for good.
Yeah we had online the last few months after did y'all dosages online?
And like yes and no like yes in terms of like I don't think I learned almost anything after we went online but the classes also switched to pass fail. I have to do anything because like I didn't have to do very much to just get a pass from. So at that point I pretty much just like I didn't I never pretty much like okay I guess somebody, wow.
No.
Uh No you have the option to switch to pass fail or keep it towards your G. P. A. At that point I like what I've had to work pretty hard to keep my G. P. A. Or I could just switch to pass fail and not. So I was also
only like 32 or three classes because I was pretty much done. So it wasn't as hard for me. I feel worse for people who are going back in the fall. That's going to be rough.
we are going back in the fall. Um So far my classes are like half online and half in person they're saying so far and the ones that are in person, they're like minimizing the amount of people and putting us in big really big rooms from what I understand and they're also grouping us by with by who we live with and like we lived nearer.
no I have an apartment now since I'll be a like a grad student, so they're gonna like my roommates, most of us, most of the people are living with other people in the O. T. Program. So they're grouping us by like who our roommate, so like me and my roommate will be in the same section of everything and then on top of their also like anybody who lives in the same apartment building we do or in the same apartment buildings right by us. Their grouping us all together, I guess. I'm not sure. I mean we have to wear like masks, I don't know, they have all these things were going to have to do, but I'm kind of under the impression that it might switch to all online. And like I I wouldn't be surprised if it does but hopeful because my programs technically through like the medical school and not through the main campus where the undergrads are and I feel like the first ones to go online are going to be undergrads. So I mean that's what my hope and but also I mean I'm going to only be in the first semester so most of my classes could pretty easily be switched to online because it's not like fieldwork or. Yeah muslim.
Um It depends so there are O. T. S. And it depends on like what you want to specialize in and like what setting you prefer because there's Otis in the school system but there's also T. S in like hospitals and then rehab clinics and then there's also people who are just like private. Like so. Yeah but
when you when you get into like later in the program we do have to do fieldwork. Which is I
I think our first field work is like at the end of our first year, so I think it's like next summer would be our and that is just like watching other people for the most part from what I understand. Um So that field work is like could easily be switched to online if it needed to. It's the like second level field work where you're basically practicing at that point, but just like somebody like our licence ot is watching you the whole time. And that is what I think would be harder to do. Like ritual, I hope we'll be for another like 2.5 years. So I'm just like, oh
I'm not sure if I'm gonna do the masters or the doctoral program. So the master's program, you I think you technically graduate in May two. Like and I would graduate in May of 2022, Um but then you're not licensed yet, you have to do a like a field work. So I would be able to take the like board certification in december after I do field work. But if I did utd it's an additional year On top of that. So I would be graduating in December of 2020 or like completely finished in December of 2022 or 2023. But I haven't decided which I'm going to do yet.
but they're here is just like the foundations kind of stuff. And so everybody is taking the same classes. They structured it so that everyone is taking the same classes so that like you have the flexibility to decide which path you want. Which
is.
I mean I grew up with them, neither of them, you you get the same licensure. So either way it's like the same. Like if you're an RN you get the same urine. Oh, trl. Either way, it's like your license if you get a masters or the doctoral and there's no difference in scope of practice between the two and there's very minimal difference in income unless you're in the public school system. The only difference is that if you do the O. T. V. You have more flexibility to like teach and get into research later on. Then you do with the masters, which one kind of interested in. But also I think I just want to be done.
Mhm. Yeah, I'm ready to be done. So we'll see where I go right now. I think I'm leaning towards just doing the masters and then possibly doing a doctoral kind of work like online because you can do that while working and that way I can be working and also like less debt. This is all the most what?
Uh No actually I almost did like teach for America because I was going back and forth on what I wanted to do. I know I wanted to do something like child focused, which is why I majored in what I did and I knew that would like what I majored in, I was probably going to have to do graduate work or like get a teaching license because I mean there's just not very many jobs and with a child studies degree. So okay, I was pretty sure and then I went back and forth and I am now very glad I didn't decide to do like teach for America. I think it would be very stressful to be a teacher right now. So possible.
What about
you?
huh.
No.
I think that
that
I have, I went to um somewhere when I was younger with SAn Diego And then like three years ago I was in San Francisco for like two weeks.
just give it, I liked it.
I think so the people here are just driving me and saying and also it's really hot so
I don't know it's pretty bad here, it's gotten like I just don't go outside.
Yes. Have you taken up any new hobbies?
What's that?
In light of all
um Not really, I mean yeah I work usually I work in the morning but sometimes in the evening I have done like some embroidering but not much. Uh huh and they're like listening to podcasts or youtube or netflix and about it. I got a kitten because I was, I just got 11 thing sad. It's like this is so I've been taking care of my kitten and then knowing all my friends with pictures of him all day, call it.
very sweet.
Yeah, he's, I got him when he was like three months old and now he's like 5.5 And he's getting really big, he's going to be really big I think. But he's very sweet.
He brought, his
favorite activity is um to knock over cups that are full of whatever I'm drinking all over the on purpose, especially when they are completely full is his favorite time to do it. And he'll like reach over on the nightstand and swat it down with his boss. So pretty annoying other life. He's great.
No.
we're very used to hide and you don't have to like take it out so you don't risk running into someone because they just have a litter box. So yeah, I highly recommend.
What what what are you on?
Welcome.
Except Yeah. Right.
No, we have two dogs and then, have, well it's the first pet that's all ever been like specifically mine with my like family dogs and we have a family cat. But I'm gonna I wanted one that I could take to ST louis with me when I move. So
yeah, our apartment. I think they were just trying to get us to move in because we signed our lease like in May or june so I think that they're just trying to get people who will like sign it and we mentioned that we might get we didn't like that, we might get a pet and then they were like, well throw that in for free, so yeah.
Thank
you.
Yes, only you usually do, but they were, I think they're just trying to get people to sign leases. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
How long have you and your boyfriend been together? Mhm.
mom.
I feel bad.
I was just like a turning point age for a lot of people That's like my sister's 29 and she's starting to be like, oh no, I need to have Children if I'm going to have them, like having all those feelings and she's like, I don't know if I want kids, but also like I have to decide now like
No, she has a boy, she just moved in with her boyfriend, so that might come soon. Ish. But I don't know. I think they're kind of holding off. Yeah. Mhm
No,
not much. Um I don't know, I feel like I was pretty, pretty boring the last year, like throughout my senior year I think I got pretty, I feel like I was a lot more fun and then senior year hit and I just felt like I was, I was old and like over it, like I was watching all these people like going out all the time and I was like, I'm good.
No,
I wasn't
easy, I've seen, I'm like over it and also what does I feel like like lost its appeal and yeah, I don't know, just like frat parties are really big at Vanderbilt and I was like, I don't want to go to that at all, you know?
And
I mean I went like freshman year, I feel like most people did freshman year and then after freshman year I like went less and less because they're just really gross.
And
or
makes sense.
No.
Back
on my like first like two years of college. I feel like those are the ones where I was like, I was like sometimes I'm like, how did I make it home a lot.
All
the
one.
Yeah. You want to win
it
sophomore year? When we came back, we went out like the first night we came back and I hadn't eaten much that because I've been driving the whole day to get there and we went out and it just turned into like both of us really drunk trying to get back home. She like left her phone and her wallet and the Uber didn't realize until the next day, like both of them throwing up halfway through the walk home and it was just like, and I like that I was like, that was so not
Yeah, I'll survive. And I feel like that kind of stuff this law. I mean, I still like would sometimes, but I think, I mean, I feel like part of it was I had like the opposite. Like I did have a boyfriend and he didn't care if I went out or anything like I still did sometimes, but I was a lot of the timeless just like I prefer to stay home or just like drink wine with my friends. I'm not like, also a lot of my friends were like started going to bars more and that's expensive, gets expensive.
wonderful.
No, I've
never been in like real snow. So like more than those in Nashville, which is like maybe an inch every year, like one time. So that's like the most,
no, it's no, it's not one time and like that 18 years I grew up here and it was like, it didn't even stick to the ground, but everyone like school got canceled a Yeah, okay.
I think it does more in like the north, like the Panhandle part of texas. I think it snows more there, but for the most part, I don't think very much, but I'm in an area which is pretty southern, so Yeah.
that's awesome. I always wanted to try something like that or even go skiing because I've never been, but I also feel like I would be very bad of it.
No. Well, Oh man. Mhm,
Not, well, obviously not recently, but uh not really much until I studied abroad last year, like my junior year, I studied abroad in Scotland um and I was there, I traveled a lot, which was really fun because it's really cheap to like once you're in europe to travel within europe, so really nice and
I went all over while I was there because my classes, the school is a lot easier and like less intense and all the lectures and stuff were always recorded, so like if you didn't go it wasn't a big deal because you could just watch it later. So I traveled a lot there, what about you?
Mhm. It's
yeah, I never thought I would like like it that much, and then with Vanderbilt like Financial Aid cover study to study abroad, so I was like I might as well do it I guess and then it was really great and like at least for like going to europe, the most expensive part is like the plane ticket over. But then like once you're there like we just stayed in hostels and like all my plane tickets were like so cheap and they also have really good public transport so it was so easy to just like go all over, which is very nice.
I'm not like crazy expensive.
Yeah that's having to my little sister because she goes to University of Houston and it was going to be a lot more than the tuition there. But I guess it's because like Vandals private and they they cover like their financial aid is really good so and it transfers over and so most of the time they like schools abroad are cheaper than Vanderbilt so you'll see the aid like whatever is left over. That's like the discrepancy intuition they just like give you that money to like live on. So yeah it's very nice husband.
Not really. I mean I'm going to be moving in a few weeks and then like not really. I mean we were I was planning on traveling some with my boyfriend this summer before he started working and I started going to school but that didn't happen obviously and
no
well we're like not really know. We have been planning it that we were about to book since like just like little or trips and then we were talking about possibly going to like um Japan and Thailand and like just Asia in general. Um But then obviously no. Yeah
I don't know my plans are to moved from texas and that's about it. What about your old? Yeah.
I'm
a very big planner and I've been working very hard on not planning so that I just don't get disappointed because everything is getting counseled. So
I feel no now I feel like I did all my things this morning so I'll probably just, I don't know watched Youtube maybe what talks good. Yeah.
I'm pretty often and my boyfriend's in new york um because that's where he's from and so we haven't seen each other so we use sener, it's like a plug in. Have you heard of it?
Yeah. S C E N E R. And it's like a plug in where you can link up your like netflix or hulu or any of those accounts and so you can like watch it while also like face timing in the same screen and it syncs up the video so a lot which is nice.
Kind of feels like you're together but
Yeah. Yeah you can talk and there's also a chat but you can also completely talk, it's like a sidebar with a video, like video. Mhm.
Yeah.
pretty often, which is nice.
Well maybe that he's been having wifi problems this week though, so we'll see. Which is
like
the
Uh almost three years. Yeah. Yeah.
Now, no not in currently, still graduate because he's going to be in Atlanta, he's going to do consulting so I wasn't that worried about it before because he's going to be traveling a lot anyways and with it like he could travel to ST louis all that like whenever he wanted on the weekends, but now that's not happening, so.
But yeah, not at least until I graduate from grad school and can like live wherever. Yeah,
no he went to Vanderbilt with me but he grew up in new york city and then when we got kicked out we didn't know where to go and then like we both decided to just go home thinking it was only going to be like a month or two, no
fine. So it's okay. It's actually not gonna expected and we just got thrown into long distance a little bit earlier than expected and like long distance and we haven't been able to see each other which kind of sucks but it's been okay. True.
Yeah, I think so. He's planning on moving to Atlanta in september and then I think he's going to come stay with me a few weeks before that but we'll see his plan is changing because he's not even sure to start date keeps getting pushed. So I guess it depends on when he actually ends up starting, he keeps getting pushed back because of pandemic. So. Uh huh.
know.
Yeah. It really sucks the first few weeks because we were like basically living together the last like few months. Um because I had I had a door, but it was basically a one bedroom apartment and he pretty much moved in. And then it was like I host seeing him like every single day most of the day and all of a sudden it was like, not at all, she kind of sucks but that I'm like, well I guess it's like prepping me for we were going to be long distance anyways. I mean it
was going to be different, but yeah, but yeah,
taking a few months it wasn't coping too well over.
No, I'm at home like with my mom and Yeah,
Yeah, it's been very helpful. Mhm.
Well,
yeah, I was talking to you too. Have a great day the rest of your day.
Thank you. Good luck. Uh