SPEAKER_R: Hello? Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Um Can you hear me now? Yes? No. Oh okay, I can't hear you. Um I'm trying to figure out. Okay. Why that is uh Yeah, I think sometimes there's a speaker issue with my computer but I have headphones and so it shouldn't be a problem. Uh Yeah, I'll try refreshing it. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Is this better? Yes,
SPEAKER_R: I can hear, you know,
SPEAKER_L: good, awesome. Uh Well with that little good side of the way, how are you doing today?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. This is actually the second time I've done this and had issues with um hearing people at the very beginning, I don't know if it's like my computer or what, but thank you for your patients.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No I'm I'm pretty old. I grew up in an era where technology was a lot rougher and more calories where most of the time it didn't work. But yeah, I haven't had any issues quite yet, but I don't know what software they use or what program they're using on the back end. It could be junkie coming. I my job is in academia, so come from academia, they probably don't have enough money for anything nice for their studies.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm actually a grad student, so I I get it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Unless you're in stem, there's not a lot of money to go around for human behavioral experiments or something like that,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean I am in some but I know we still get hit with money crunch is sometimes,
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: so I can't
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: imagine.
SPEAKER_L: why you have a big fancy important P. I. Who gets you the $1.2 million NSF grants. I'm coming from the social sciences where if somebody gets like $2000 it's like they're over the moon.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, we're I think we're definitely on different orders of magnitude of good
SPEAKER_L: we don't have
SPEAKER_R: granted.
SPEAKER_L: to like afford buffers or like you know uh fancy machines for organic chemistry. But we would like to travel occasionally or go to a conference that's not paid on our own small cratchit student budget. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Um
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: you're even?
SPEAKER_R: field of research are you on?
SPEAKER_L: Uh So I do japanese politics, political science. Yeah. So I want to say that I want to travel. It's really nice to be able to go to Tokyo to do research. It's a fine place.
SPEAKER_R: Have you been?
SPEAKER_L: Have you been? uh yeah, I was able to do, it was over several trips for 30 weeks in Tokyo. Yeah, it's good for the language and good for the soul. A couple of those were in the summer, so those were awful, just really the worst summers. But yeah, it's really nice city to be in. And when you say that your instead, were you doing chemistry, physics, computer science,
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing your offense.
SPEAKER_L: neuroscience. Okay. And so this is something that probably always impresses people at the party, but they don't know what to ask after that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Like do you want to be a, well when you're a graduate student at a non graduate student party, you quickly learn to not talk about your research in any detail like neuroscience. So you want to be a brain surgeon.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I mean it's better when I was in um when I was doing undergrad, I was actually a psychology major, so now that I'm a neuroscience, like I get a little bit different response, like psychology was like, oh so you can, you know, tell me what's wrong with me, and I'm like no, I'm
SPEAKER_L: The words, I'm not a dream
SPEAKER_R: it's not
SPEAKER_L: interpreter.
SPEAKER_R: the psychology that I do, I
SPEAKER_L: You could have uh
SPEAKER_R: do,
SPEAKER_L: tarot cards to bust out in any of your just just a keep the grift going. At least haven't paid money for the pleasure of, you know, evaluating their psychosis.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, actually I am a pretty new grand student, I started about a year ago um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm
SPEAKER_R: So I didn't have like I guess I had like last year's holidays to like interact with people or you know, I went to a holiday party and interacted, but it's also a bunch of grad students so they all understood and then um so I haven't had a lot of experience with being a grad student and talking to people about that. I'm a grad, the fact that I'm a grad student, wow.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know that you're missing much. I guess people's experience is different, but my cohort started very tight um kind of like uh you know, Parks and rec characters or West Wing characters, like we would all do the same things together in work and outside of work that didn't last very long. There was a lot of drama and so but you know the core heard that came after that they were much friendlier in on better terms after a few years. So do you have like a like a qualifying exam system? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So uh and at the end of our first year we have to like critically analyze a paper and present that. So I'm done with that. And then the way that our qualifying exam is it's a grant proposal. Um so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you're supposed to like find a field of research that a lot of people say should be completely different from what you actually do and then, right, I don't know what type of grant it is, I'm assuming like an f 31 or something, um and then you defend it. My advisor is kind of like, I don't see the point and you spending all this time to write a grant that's completely different from your research show. Just like write a grant that is slightly different from your research. I was like okay that sounds good like uh
SPEAKER_L: That sounds like a
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: terrible use of your time.
SPEAKER_R: um yeah so that will be next year, I think you're from from
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My impression was that they want to use that as an opportunity. The way it was put to me is like we want, so after your course work we want to make sure that you can regurgitate the course work correctly so that when you go to conferences, you don't embarrass the department by like misquoting foundational authors was like, oh so it's a reputation thing. But yes, we should be educated in the barest minimum of all this stuff, which it I think it's a good system, but these professors haven't read these books in like, 2025 years either, so, like, you can tell when they're teaching it to, like, and what, what do you think Mchugh says in chapter three, I was like, boy, I want to ask you the same question, but I know that would be very sassy and inappropriate, so I'll just answer. Um but then they give you two or they gave us two years to write the prospectus, which was the proposal for the dissertation, and that's where you're like, ok, find find the new knowledge that you're going to produce by spending a lot of time on what knowledge has already been producing, some super narrow field. So, maybe the grand proposal in your case is a way to do that. If it's vaguely related to research, doing a grand about something you're not interested in is the stupidest fucking thing I've ever heard. But if you if you could write a grant on something that you actually want to go on and do, but I don't know, maybe you have to do like working labs or something, Do you have to do whatever your p I want you to work on or whatever other collaborators are working on?
SPEAKER_R: Um It's it kind of depends on the lob that you're in, so the way it's working with my advisor is what's common in neuroscience is you don't like immediately join the lab when you enter grad school, you do rotations. Um So like I had my first rotation last fall to see if that was a good fit and then did my second rotation in the spring with the woman who is now my advisor. Um And that was cut short but I stayed in her lab um But basically like before um I joined her lab we had a conversation about you know, where she is interested in going um because she, I think recently became a full professor, so she's like a little bit open to branching out more um and then seeing where our interests lie, but I do know some people in my cohort like kind of signed on to do a project that the p I had intended to do from like that was looking for a grad student to do.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I had a friend who did a physics PhD and most of his dissertation were chapters that had 120 co authors, and it was because it was research conducted at cern the part decelerating europe. So like every staff member including custodians, uh like we're basically co authors on this paper. So he's like, you know, look, look for my name, mark, just way down the list, You're gonna have to expand the tab and scroll, scroll, scroll, scroll scroll. But there I am, and that's my dissertation, like oh God and social sciences
SPEAKER_R: Well because
SPEAKER_L: go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: because physics is also alphabetical, right?
SPEAKER_L: Uh I think so. I'm not sure what the practices in social sciences co authoring is becoming more popular, but it wasn't when I was getting into graduate school. Uh And like, like max you'll see is like three, typically four or five. There's an understanding that like somebody was doing the field research and somebody who's like good are was doing that part and then there was like five graduate assistants who got credit for it instead of being in the like acknowledgement section, which is just the biggest slap in the face. You're not a co author, but I acknowledge your pitiful efforts to educate yourself while working on my glorious research project. Thanks thanks for that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's definitely like I had a we had to take an ethics class and they had a more senior faculty member come give a talk and he was basically like, I never have more than like one author on a paper aside from me and were like, I mean what? And then he was just I think one of the things that kind of ticked off a lot of us as he was like, oh well um like research technicians don't deserve authorship, and a lot of us had done um technical work prior to entering grad school, like I had, and you're not just doing like bench work, like you're actually contributing. Um So for him to just be blanket, like no, like you're getting paid so you don't deserve to get authorship, it was like, what are you talking about? Like how are we going to get into grad school? Everyone is like five papers to get into grad school. Now.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God, to get into graduate school. All right.
SPEAKER_R: I had um Yeah, I think most people in my cohort had at least one, and I think that the really, really top schools, I mean everyone has at least one or two,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. But that is that usually coming from like having interned at the lab or doing some like post bachelor lab experience, because obviously
SPEAKER_R: both,
SPEAKER_L: they don't have the training, right? Because they're trying to get into the doctrine
SPEAKER_R: so what's really common in neuroscience is people will do these, um
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: so they'll do undergraduate work uh during the school year. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But they'll also apply for these like undergraduate. His internship isn't the word but research opportunity over the summer. So like the lab that I was in when I was a technician, one of the summer's we had a student from china come and do research in our lab. And then I think I don't know if that end up being a paper at some, sometimes it doesn't like you know, you can't do something in three or four months that is paper worthy. Um But I think a lot of other people um they start I mean I I started research late, I started research my last year of undergrad. Um But you know seeing like people in underground that like start research freshman year, I'm like how did you have your life together enough like freshman year to start doing research?
SPEAKER_L: But I also don't understand how it would make like publishable quality work, right? Like political science, even my most gifted students at the undergraduate level just don't have enough time and experience. Like write anything good, they can write a good paper on a bad topic, right? Because they're good writers or they're good researchers, but it's like, oh well you don't know the length length and breadth of the field, so this paper you're writing that like Black people vote differently than white people, like that was established in 1955 but I appreciate your like your stunning contribution to the field. Um right so I'm like how does even the smartest person writing paper? So it sounds like maybe they're like in an ancillary research roles, they're not like the lead PI they're not doing like the review or something like that but they don't know did some coding work or.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's basically how it is. I mean, I don't, I don't think I know anyone who has unless they did like a tech position and like had their own independent project has a first author paper. I think it's usually like, oh, you know, I assisted with these various sorts of things and I did some analyses and then contributed to editing the paper. And um, like the, you know, one person who talked in my ethics class would be like, that's not good enough to be an author. Um,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I think it just comes down to the advisor and at this point a lot of people are like, it doesn't as long as they contributed, it doesn't really hurt to give them, you know, some level of authorship. And especially since I don't know, like at least a neuroscience grad school is getting really like everyone's applying to grad school, which is a little frightening. Um
SPEAKER_L: Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Can I can I give you some unsolicited advice from a mediocre white man? Look at look into the private sector as soon as you can. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I am.
SPEAKER_L: Like so there's this there's in my mind. So I started on
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: the graduate student government for my um from my university that I got my PhD from. So I got to talk with a lot of other students from different fields. It's kind of like human centipede of ability to get out of the academy to find real jobs. So stem was at the top, right. And then there was like the economists, political scientists were here and then like way at the bottom were like humanities communication, gender studies. And I think even for like economists and political scientists this year, the number of jobs that have been posted on the central job board is about 25% of what it was last year and last year was considered a bad year. Um I myself have over 425 applications out in the wild, some of those academic and others not, and it's just been horrible. It's been so bad and Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I know. Um there's I think a blog that tracks neuroscience faculty positions and they were like, this is where we were, this time last year, this is where we are this time this year, and it's like, oh, that's bleak.
SPEAKER_L: There's like the old field here and like the new line is like kind of dribbling along. Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean it was kind of, I um I have a fellowship right now and so I have an advisory committee for this fellowship and I, the first time I met with them was over zoom and they were like, oh, you know, what do you want to do? And I was like, whoa, like I'm trying to keep my options open because I'm a first year grad student and like, looks pretty bleak out there, especially right now. And they were like, oh, you know if you really want to stay in academia like I'm sure you'll find a way and I was like this is bad advice,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well but there's a selection effect
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: right there biased because these are people who are extraordinarily successful at being in academia and they haven't really done anything else probably right. Like they did the one thing that no one can do any more. Uh and they're also outside of like all these, I think universities have these institutions that are completely failing to figure any of the shit out. Like people are handing them numbers are like, so we have graduated 500% more phds than there are tenure track positions, There's fewer tenure track positions that have ever been. And most of the new open positions are like these horrible and this is a misogynistic word and I apologize but horrible bitch work positions where you're stuck in this like non tenure track research assistant Or teaching focus, faculty job where you're getting paid $50,000 a year instead of 80 or 90 or whatever to do more work with no promise of tenure or improvement in your work conditions right? And so professors their job is to research and teach so they're like I understand I acknowledge these facts but it worked for me. So I'm gonna ask my students do the same thing as soon as you talk to career counselors like if your university has a career center, I mean they they look like like war wounded veterans right now. The one I talked to at the university of California. My you see I mean she's just like she's like I've never received more emails before, I have never had more students asking me how to get out of academia before. I've never had more departments asked me to come give a guest talk on non academic career tracks than this. My department asked her for the first time to come in because they don't know nobody at that department. And the fact they're like how do we advise students to do something else? And I think they just sat awkwardly around his own call. There was like pulling out their collars and whistling so it's just like these institutions have completely failed and no one's taking responsibility for it now, they're kind of just kind of getting on the ball. Um But like I had a post doc at Yale and even graduate students coming out of jail being like yeah I don't have I don't have a job out of Yale. I didn't go to Yale. But you know it was like it was supposed to hand you life on a silver platter. They're like where's my silver platter?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I would when I was attacked I was at M. I. T. And my advisor there was like a newer P. I. So I'm sure like he didn't have the same networking skills that an older advisor would but I mean he had I think like five postdocs that I knew or five that were like looking on the job market while I was there and one moved back to Europe, one went to industry, one took a second postdoc and won her like partner got a faculty position and she's like working in his lab but it's not the type of research she wants to do. And I was like this is not this is very bad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. and for people who are supposedly
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: good at like quantitative analysis and quantitative skills, these faculty members are dogshit at analyzing the job market. I talked to a guy
SPEAKER_R: I think the
SPEAKER_L: go
SPEAKER_R: other,
SPEAKER_L: ahead
SPEAKER_R: oh God. Oh I was just gonna say the other thing is like a lot of like the people on my committee, I mean I all got their jobs like 30 years ago,
SPEAKER_L: or.
SPEAKER_R: like it's not the same anymore and it's also like no one's retiring anymore. My my friends advisor is probably in his mid 70s, so like no fault on him, like I'm sure he's a great advisor, but like come on, like you need to step down like it's time for us to take over.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you need to open a position and I think departments are also following trends pretty quickly. I don't know if this is true in um their science but in political science like they're getting rid of all the old like like international relations positions and they're like really recruiting heavily on gender diversity and equity. Which is really good. But a lot of people who went to graduate school four years ago didn't know that that was going to maximize their opportunity for job opportunities. So like a lot of searches are failing right there. Like people are so thirsty for a job but they can't find people who do E. D. I. Work. I mean there's there's good scholars to do it, but not enough to like staff. Every new position at every university has put out. Um And for my perspective. And again this is a good effort to maximize, you know, equity diversion and inclusion, but I bring none of those to a faculty position. So when I have to fill out a diversity statement, I don't have anything to say. Right. It's more like I hope to amplify other people's voices, but I am absolutely unqualified for this position if you're using any of those as criteria, Um, which is fine. You know, the university gets to choose to do that and I'm largely supportive outside of the fact that I'm broke, but I'm looking for a job, but you know, it's better for the universe. Um, so yeah, there's a lot of there's a lot of mitigating service and for these people who got the job 30 years ago. Yeah, they have no idea what it's like. So I when I say that I'm offering unsolicited advice, I just know that they're graduate students who are like, no, I'll just weather the storm and sure, and I'm sure there's gonna be a ray of sunshine on the, you know, five years from now, four years from now, Three years from now. That's like, no, I would like find what industry really likes, what skills and pick them up now, like learn, SQL learn our python, whatever whatever they want and you'll make more money to.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean think that's always funny is when we're applying for like all these NIH grants and I'm sort of saying they always ask you like what do you want to do and you can never be like I don't want to be in academia, but you have to be like I'm gonna get a post off and then, I mean academia and like I get that they don't want to fund people that are just gonna not contribute back to like open research, but it's very like everyone's just sitting there saying the exact same thing and lying about
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: how we're all gonna be ps
SPEAKER_L: but whose job is it at the university to like think about this issue. It's not graduate students, you guys are busy, it's not faculty, they're busy. Uh, Dean, maybe department head probably. But usually those guys are just tired and don't want to do that job anyway, you know, they were promised retirement two years ago and now they have to serve as the head or the ombudsman department or something, like just No one is taking responsibility for. And so there's no coordination.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, I think right now it's difficult to because I don't know how it worked out for you, but um the I'm in the neuroscience department but it's within the school of Arts and sciences and they this year like I think reduced the budget by like 75%, it was something like crazy high, which didn't impact us, which doesn't impact my lab because we have a lot of external funding. Um But I'm sure like that was that was really hard for a lot of departments.
SPEAKER_L: Is it a private university or a public?
SPEAKER_R: No it's public.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, that's always harder. And yeah, the yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and I'm in pennsylvania. So uh Mark, the state is in the state legislature isn't super um high on funding universities.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. If they could get their shit together over there in pennsylvania, I'm waiting for a postdoc announcement from you pit, uh not u Penn University of Pittsburgh, is that right? Yeah. And they're supposed to announce that october 31st and I'm like, oh yeah, we're taking our time with that. We just met for the first time november 1st week in november, I'm like, oh, come on, please, Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: do a thing. Do your jobs. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um, but yeah, with with for us there wasn't funding, so basically we're we were teaching every single quarter as soon as we could, so we had funding, We were making about $20,000 a year. We had funding for the first two years while we were doing our coursework and as soon as you pass that you have to go be a teaching assistant or instructor or something like that, which I enjoyed. I like teaching a lot, but most people hated it. They would have rather stepped on a lego than teach a class and uh it made a lot of graduate students miserable both, but that was where the money came from, so we had enough but certainly not for experiments which are becoming increasingly popular survey experiments. Extraordinarily expensive. Also very popular And faculty increasingly sort of like, well, so you know, you could just apply for $10,000 grant, like where am I going to pluck this money from the money tree? Like who's going to give 1/5 year graduate student money for like a half, half, half haphazard survey when there's professional scholars competing for the same money and like, I don't know figure it out. I had a friend borrowed his brother to conduct an experiment in kenya uh to complete his dissertation, it's like,
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: yeah, well he's working for facebook now, so he's making more money than God, but uh
SPEAKER_R: put
SPEAKER_L: but at the time
SPEAKER_R: them back?
SPEAKER_L: a lot of hardship. Um well I have to go walk a geriatric dog, my family has a 15 year old dog and she takes a long walk. She's very sweet, but this is a physical therapy but it was a pleasure talking to you and I hope
SPEAKER_R: you too?
SPEAKER_L: complete graduate school and then Aleve academia immediately and uh do something you know, fancy and powerful and make a shit ton of money. And you live on the coast in a big mansion with your doctorate.
SPEAKER_R: Sounds good. Well good luck to you. Hope that listing gets posted soon.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, hopefully soon. Um, and remember you're not missing out much with with the loss of social opportunities in graduate school, Academia has a lot of colorful personalities. Not all of them are your favorite colors. All right, have a good rest of your day.