Hello? Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Um Can you hear me now? Yes? No. Oh okay, I can't hear you. Um I'm trying to figure out. Okay. Why that is uh Yeah, I think sometimes there's a speaker issue with my computer but I have headphones and so it shouldn't be a problem. Uh Yeah, I'll try refreshing it. Yeah. Mhm.
I can hear, you know,
I'm good. This is actually the second time I've done this and had issues with um hearing people at the very beginning, I don't know if it's like my computer or what, but thank you for your patients.
Yeah, I'm actually a grad student, so I I get it.
Yeah, I mean I am in some but I know we still get hit with money crunch is sometimes,
so I can't
imagine.
Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, we're I think we're definitely on different orders of magnitude of good
granted.
Um
What
field of research are you on?
Have you been?
I'm doing your offense.
No.
Okay. Yeah, I mean it's better when I was in um when I was doing undergrad, I was actually a psychology major, so now that I'm a neuroscience, like I get a little bit different response, like psychology was like, oh so you can, you know, tell me what's wrong with me, and I'm like no, I'm
it's not
the psychology that I do, I
do,
Mhm. Yeah, actually I am a pretty new grand student, I started about a year ago um
So I didn't have like I guess I had like last year's holidays to like interact with people or you know, I went to a holiday party and interacted, but it's also a bunch of grad students so they all understood and then um so I haven't had a lot of experience with being a grad student and talking to people about that. I'm a grad, the fact that I'm a grad student, wow.
Yeah. So uh and at the end of our first year we have to like critically analyze a paper and present that. So I'm done with that. And then the way that our qualifying exam is it's a grant proposal. Um so
you're supposed to like find a field of research that a lot of people say should be completely different from what you actually do and then, right, I don't know what type of grant it is, I'm assuming like an f 31 or something, um and then you defend it. My advisor is kind of like, I don't see the point and you spending all this time to write a grant that's completely different from your research show. Just like write a grant that is slightly different from your research. I was like okay that sounds good like uh
but
um yeah so that will be next year, I think you're from from
Um It's it kind of depends on the lob that you're in, so the way it's working with my advisor is what's common in neuroscience is you don't like immediately join the lab when you enter grad school, you do rotations. Um So like I had my first rotation last fall to see if that was a good fit and then did my second rotation in the spring with the woman who is now my advisor. Um And that was cut short but I stayed in her lab um But basically like before um I joined her lab we had a conversation about you know, where she is interested in going um because she, I think recently became a full professor, so she's like a little bit open to branching out more um and then seeing where our interests lie, but I do know some people in my cohort like kind of signed on to do a project that the p I had intended to do from like that was looking for a grad student to do.
Well because
because physics is also alphabetical, right?
Yeah, it's definitely like I had a we had to take an ethics class and they had a more senior faculty member come give a talk and he was basically like, I never have more than like one author on a paper aside from me and were like, I mean what? And then he was just I think one of the things that kind of ticked off a lot of us as he was like, oh well um like research technicians don't deserve authorship, and a lot of us had done um technical work prior to entering grad school, like I had, and you're not just doing like bench work, like you're actually contributing. Um So for him to just be blanket, like no, like you're getting paid so you don't deserve to get authorship, it was like, what are you talking about? Like how are we going to get into grad school? Everyone is like five papers to get into grad school. Now.
I had um Yeah, I think most people in my cohort had at least one, and I think that the really, really top schools, I mean everyone has at least one or two,
both,
so what's really common in neuroscience is people will do these, um
so they'll do undergraduate work uh during the school year. Um
But they'll also apply for these like undergraduate. His internship isn't the word but research opportunity over the summer. So like the lab that I was in when I was a technician, one of the summer's we had a student from china come and do research in our lab. And then I think I don't know if that end up being a paper at some, sometimes it doesn't like you know, you can't do something in three or four months that is paper worthy. Um But I think a lot of other people um they start I mean I I started research late, I started research my last year of undergrad. Um But you know seeing like people in underground that like start research freshman year, I'm like how did you have your life together enough like freshman year to start doing research?
Yeah. That's basically how it is. I mean, I don't, I don't think I know anyone who has unless they did like a tech position and like had their own independent project has a first author paper. I think it's usually like, oh, you know, I assisted with these various sorts of things and I did some analyses and then contributed to editing the paper. And um, like the, you know, one person who talked in my ethics class would be like, that's not good enough to be an author. Um,
I think it just comes down to the advisor and at this point a lot of people are like, it doesn't as long as they contributed, it doesn't really hurt to give them, you know, some level of authorship. And especially since I don't know, like at least a neuroscience grad school is getting really like everyone's applying to grad school, which is a little frightening. Um
Oh,
Yeah, I am.
But
I know. Um there's I think a blog that tracks neuroscience faculty positions and they were like, this is where we were, this time last year, this is where we are this time this year, and it's like, oh, that's bleak.
Yeah, I mean it was kind of, I um I have a fellowship right now and so I have an advisory committee for this fellowship and I, the first time I met with them was over zoom and they were like, oh, you know, what do you want to do? And I was like, whoa, like I'm trying to keep my options open because I'm a first year grad student and like, looks pretty bleak out there, especially right now. And they were like, oh, you know if you really want to stay in academia like I'm sure you'll find a way and I was like this is bad advice,
it's
Yeah. I would when I was attacked I was at M. I. T. And my advisor there was like a newer P. I. So I'm sure like he didn't have the same networking skills that an older advisor would but I mean he had I think like five postdocs that I knew or five that were like looking on the job market while I was there and one moved back to Europe, one went to industry, one took a second postdoc and won her like partner got a faculty position and she's like working in his lab but it's not the type of research she wants to do. And I was like this is not this is very bad.
No,
I think the
other,
oh God. Oh I was just gonna say the other thing is like a lot of like the people on my committee, I mean I all got their jobs like 30 years ago,
like it's not the same anymore and it's also like no one's retiring anymore. My my friends advisor is probably in his mid 70s, so like no fault on him, like I'm sure he's a great advisor, but like come on, like you need to step down like it's time for us to take over.
Yeah. I mean think that's always funny is when we're applying for like all these NIH grants and I'm sort of saying they always ask you like what do you want to do and you can never be like I don't want to be in academia, but you have to be like I'm gonna get a post off and then, I mean academia and like I get that they don't want to fund people that are just gonna not contribute back to like open research, but it's very like everyone's just sitting there saying the exact same thing and lying about
how we're all gonna be ps
Mhm. Yeah, I think right now it's difficult to because I don't know how it worked out for you, but um the I'm in the neuroscience department but it's within the school of Arts and sciences and they this year like I think reduced the budget by like 75%, it was something like crazy high, which didn't impact us, which doesn't impact my lab because we have a lot of external funding. Um But I'm sure like that was that was really hard for a lot of departments.
No it's public.
Yeah and I'm in pennsylvania. So uh Mark, the state is in the state legislature isn't super um high on funding universities.
No.
Yeah.
How
put
them back?
you too?
Sounds good. Well good luck to you. Hope that listing gets posted soon.