SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Hi
SPEAKER_R: Hi
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: you can hear me okay. Good. Howard
SPEAKER_L: hear me? I'm
SPEAKER_R: Hill?
SPEAKER_L: good, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing fine. So where are you, where are you at? What station?
SPEAKER_L: I live in New York
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: City, how
SPEAKER_R: new
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: york
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in California L. A. So
SPEAKER_L: cool. How's
SPEAKER_R: were the
SPEAKER_L: it going there
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: actually?
SPEAKER_R: larger weather there? Uh huh. Cool.
SPEAKER_L: Today was so high, it's 70° right now. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: how about you? Thank
SPEAKER_R: we're in fun. There were 95-100
SPEAKER_L: you,
SPEAKER_R: somewhere in there today so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I actually wore long sleeves today and it was a huge mistake. I'm dying with you right now.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny. So are you asking it?
SPEAKER_L: no, I'm a teacher actually
SPEAKER_R: I was a teacher for many years ago. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: we do.
SPEAKER_R: What are you studying like what would you would you prefer to teach the older younger? Oh
SPEAKER_L: well I teach high school um
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: which people always seem surprised. People tell me that I seem like an elementary school teacher, but uh I teach high school English um this year 11th and 12th period and uh it's okay, I mean we're doing the remote learning now, which
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: what I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: can ask you.
SPEAKER_L: impossible. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I can't imagine I mean you have the older kids so there's some different dynamics that you're dealing with that younger kids deal with but I can't imagine that you're improving the goals you really want to achieve with the kids. I can't even again.
SPEAKER_L: it's horrible.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: I mean I I feel like, you know, between academics
SPEAKER_R: Well no.
SPEAKER_L: and just like surviving, you know, we chose the latter and like the academics are it's really tough for me, especially because this year I'm teaching an ap class ap literature and
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: I just don't know how we're gonna prepare
SPEAKER_R: me?
SPEAKER_L: them for us, you know? Like it's impossible the way that my school is doing it is we only have two actual classes a week. So like that of having five
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: classes a week, we only have two. So like how am I supposed to do the whole curriculum
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: with only 2/5 of you know, the right time and you know, they're doing it on their computers, it's frustrating like I can't you know, walk around see how they're doing, it's
SPEAKER_R: Yeah you can't get a gauge of how to support them.
SPEAKER_L: and you know, the ones that I feel
SPEAKER_R: Come
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: most bad for are the kids who need like special services, you know? So they feel like kids, the ones english is your second language, like they're just getting totally screwed over. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It is interesting. Um And I think some good things to come out, like a friend of mine, she she's in Westchester but lived in new york before and we were talking and you know,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: the snow days and all that kind of stuff are gone. I mean if this can happen then, you know, there's a snow day. I wouldn't be doing teaching and learning and
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: that's so sad because when I grew up, that was the day you got a small day. It was so exciting.
SPEAKER_L: I know it's funny like a lot of people like that for their minds went like does this mean no more snow day, but it's kind of through, you know?
SPEAKER_R: And if you're not feeling well, you know, you could do say, you know what I I might be coming down to the something, so I'm going to give your note today. That might be a good thing to do.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I've been trying to think about like is there any way because they revolutionized education like for the better, you know when we come out of it? It's like, you know, I'm sure there's actually a lot of students who would really benefit from full time remote learning kids who just can't leave their houses for whatever reason um you know, whether it's a medical thing or family thing um You know like now if there's a way for them to just like connect to, you know, either a remote teacher or classroom, this thing, I don't know, it could be it could be good for them. Um And it's funny because like I work at a title one, like low income school in East Harlem where we like never have any money for anything. But somehow like all the kids got like Apple Mac books this year you know so they could see the remote learning and it's like oh I
SPEAKER_R: hmm.
SPEAKER_L: guess you know somebody did have money after
SPEAKER_R: Isn't
SPEAKER_L: all but you
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: know now that we have technology
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: um You know I really opens up a lot of doors I assume you get to keep the computers after this. I don't know but we'll see what happens. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And I would hope, I don't hope for the kid's sake that it gives them a branch that they never had before too. So um how are you finding materials to teach one? So like what I'm saying like, you know those fun games and things that you can incorporate. How, how are you doing with that? Because it's not something uniquely for. I would have to imagine overwhelming of what you have to learn. You have to do your lesson, let alone the material.
SPEAKER_L: It is a little overwhelming because like all of these attacks cos you know are now doing like free subscriptions for teachers and so you know there's like a depositor pot and all these things and I don't even know where to start. And uh you know on some level it's confusing because I don't want the students to have like every single teacher is doing a different thing and like using a different service. Um So I really for the most part of in trying to replicate my lessons from the before times, you know, as much as possible, my schools are really small school, so most of the kids that I've, I'm teaching in 12th grade now, I already had them in like ninth and 10th grade. So like, you know me and they know my style and like I'm trying to really just make it like the familiar um you know, like google slides presentation
SPEAKER_R: I want to
SPEAKER_L: that normally do and I
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: think they appreciate that like, you know, they're telling me that, you know, they find the lessons are so clear and easy to follow and you know, I keep thinking about like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: maybe I should incorporate, you know, like games and whatever, but at the same time part of me just wants to keep it simple, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You know what the balance of that, you're right. Um
SPEAKER_L: Oh,
SPEAKER_R: so nine background with like pot For 11 years, but special at elementary um in Kindergarten for a lot of it. And um and then we moved, we, I lived in Ohio and then we moved out here to California. Well the schools here pathetic. So I'm like, well my son going to school here. So I, we started connections academy, which is a virtual school and we just said, well let's just see how it goes. So we started and it was fine and we basically stayed in until six food. And then a friend of mine, she was the head of a, it was another charter school that offered a program where you could basically receive the money that the state would get and buy whatever curriculum you wanted. So I, we did that for his 7th and 8th grade. So I understand what you're saying is overwhelming the the number of things out there that all of great and wonderful, but to have the time to go room and see what really works. The network that that can take up all your time and that's I mean what a service for for like to have like a P. T. A. B. Your your getting pigs to test out different things and like give you like reviews of it. Would that be because I'm trying, So he's at a high school now real high school and so I'm on the P. T. A. And that's I'm trying to think how can we support the teachers? Because I have to imagine like you said, there's just so many things out there. Maybe we need to review them as parents to see what works and fun and you know this is going to allow you to, but I know who is used to see how the class is retaining things. You can get a quick overview.
SPEAKER_L: Like, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you know what the purpose of each, would that be a service that you think with culture teachers or not?
SPEAKER_L: I mean that's interesting that just made me think of a lot of things. I feel like what's really unique about this situation is like the teachers and the students are having such, like, an honest dialogue, you know, about like, is this working? You know, do you guys like this? Like what do you guys need? And like, normally I would never like express, you know, insecurity, like this is I'm on using this. I don't know how it's going to go, but like, now,
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: you know, like the curtain has kind of job between us and like, you know, every day I ask them, you know, like would you prefer we do more of this? What do you think of this? And I think it's really good. So I feel like, you know, looping in like the parents, teachers and the students to try to figure it out together. Um You know, because again, like every school has has different needs and um you know, it's good for like a private school in Westchester is not going to be the same as public school and you know, there's just so many things out there. So I think it would be great if their parents would, you know, get on board because
SPEAKER_R: Do
SPEAKER_L: we're
SPEAKER_R: something.
SPEAKER_L: kind of navigating this finally. And so were the students like
SPEAKER_R: Now
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: do you think that do you think you guys are ever going to go back this year to two actual
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: in school?
SPEAKER_L: our system is actually really messed up and frustrating right now. We're technically hybrid um where the students can choose if they want to be remote or virtual. I'm like, we started with it was about 50 50 but now
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: one month into it, we're at like 85% or virtual because I think the kids tried coming in and they were like, you
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: this is what, because it's crazy. You know, like we're all spaced out were wearing that. It's like that,
SPEAKER_R: it was
SPEAKER_L: you know, I think they were hoping they would have some sense of normalcy and socialization.
SPEAKER_R: and it's not now.
SPEAKER_L: It's not that. So, you know, in the first couple of weeks, they all switched back to remote. I mean, not all of them, like literally my fifth period has two kids in person and the eighth period also has two kids. So the
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: teacher, it's crazy like trying to teach a class 22 kids is
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: like, it's totally,
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: know and that's what people don't understand. I know like my friend in Westchester and she's like, well why can't the teacher just set up a camera and you know, do her asking them and both of them will get it would be great. I said because something goes wrong with the camera connect. It's all those other things that go with it that yeah, in the perfect world but ran smoothly. But You are going from here like teaching to people as a different thinking approach in teaching a class of 25, you do things differently, you asked different kinds of questions and people don't get that. Teaching has so many specifics to it and they don't understand that you think oh you just talk, you're done
SPEAKER_L: funny you say that example because the teaching in people and remote kids at the same time, that's been a big source of contention in new york city because the union negotiated that like, we don't have to do that. Like the schools need to hire somebody for the remote classes, somebody for the person. But because my school is so small, we just don't have enough teachers for that. So my second period, I have kids in front of me and then I have 30 remote kids on zoom at the same time. So it's like a little back and forth to figure out the best way to do that. But it's crazy because I'm trying to answer the kids in person and I have like a smart board behind me and then I have kids on zoom, like asking questions in the chest. And so if I ask a question, like I'll say to the kids in front of me like, oh joseph just said this, you know? And it's like, it's kind of funny if they're going to look back on this and be like, that
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: was,
SPEAKER_R: did
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: we do
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: like what else can you do? Like that's what
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: it is.
SPEAKER_R: okay then going back to
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: how parents can support it. What if there was a parent in like
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: in the classroom zoom can ask with you being able to at least organized the questions and answer questions that are minor questions you know like what what page did you say? You know those kind of questions that they would help monitor the situation to free up your brain to get the content because that's unless you're being
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: a future, you're the expert in the content. Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like the best
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: cases like if there's two teachers, you know, like I know some of the classes that are like there's a special teacher also
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: they do it with one of the teachers are dealing with the zoom kids and one of the teachers with it in person. Kids. Um Parents are interesting, you know, that opens up a whole different kind of uh whatever,
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: you know, it's kind of like all hands on deck at this point, you know? So if somebody wants to help like the sheriff please. Um I guess
SPEAKER_R: Do whatever you think is. Right. But yeah, you want I they should get triple your head, but it's not
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: gonna happen.
SPEAKER_L: know, I like what my school is going through now is a big a big thing that like I'm only teaching in person two days a week because you know, you have it. So like the kids only have classes two days a week, so the other three days a week, I'm just supposed to be available on zoom for like office hours, you know, to help them, you know, whatever, but like they're not in person either, they're also on soon, so we're trying to be able to work remotely on the days that were fully remote, you know, like our classic because you know, now there's, it's just too many people in the building unnecessarily. You know, people have
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: to get on the subway, get on the bus to get to work, you know, just like a health perspective. It's unnecessary for us to be in the building every single day. But
SPEAKER_R: I think so too.
SPEAKER_L: you know, and it's hard because there's just not enough classrooms for every teacher to have their own place to go. So,
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: you know, again, it's kind of funny, but like, I'm currently sharing the room with another teacher in the back and so that when I'm talking to students, I have to like talk low and then she has to talk low and like, it's crazy. Like if we were just allowed to stay at home, I could have like a normal conversation like I'm having right now, um you know, that school is like, it's all about the policy. The procedure is, you know, where it's like other workplaces are a little bit more flexible where, you know, it makes sense. Work from home fine, you know, everything is just such a bureaucratic paperwork, you know,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: at schools? It's hard.
SPEAKER_R: Well there's political parts being played here because like in California raw comes down, there's no no hybrid, nothing or do not tend to kid period when so the school he goes to a charter school, but it's a very small charter school. It's project based a different beast itself. And so the principle have the zoom all summer of just brainstorming of what things. And my thing was is that if you're gonna try to do hybrid and virtue, look at that, the teachers are going to be adequate for both. They keep doing outstanding job and no, it's just not feasible. I say we pick one and we go with, this was before the governor said we're going to do it this way. And so I'm like, just pretty one and go with it because the teachers can't, you don't get from the teachers. And so before they even said we had to keep, because we had already decided on the whole year for the whole, uh, so I was glad because disruption of one or the other. It's too much.
SPEAKER_L: I'm jealous, you know, over the summer and my principal requested from the city for our school to go full remote because he knew that not that many kids are going to want to come in and the city said no, because this was back when like, you know, there's Blasio, like wanted to be like the big city that managed to open whatever. So the full remote plan got rejected. And like now as of a few weeks ago, the city is saying okay, if your school wants to go full remote now we'll consider it. But like now we've started, you know, so it's hard to just
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: switch and like, you know, at the same time, it's crazy that we all have to keep coming in every single day for classes to students, you know? But at the same time it's like if those kids want to be there, then, you know, we got going
SPEAKER_R: What,
SPEAKER_L: for them.
SPEAKER_R: what, what can you do? But no, I, I really do. This whole thing is
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: then surprised at how much the local government really does. It is important.
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: I never, you know, all those elections, whatever, who cares. You know, I never paid attention to my local government actions and now I'm like oh my God, you know because I don't think our mirror very a lot of things and you know, so that has surprised me through all of this.
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: But also what I want to say,
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: the heads of the C. D. C. I mean all the heads of things, I really don't know what they're doing. I mean, you're telling me you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: had a whole other that new york, they couldn't bring form ideas and pick the best practice. But it's like wait until the week, okay we're going to do it. You know I mean it's like job I
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: mean.
SPEAKER_L: it's been so frustrating all summer, we're waiting for like any sort of guidance and like it's like mid to late august, they still didn't know what was happening in my, in person, in my not in my remote or not. And you know that I get the last minute, like you said, it's like they just pulled something out of nowhere where like, you know, if the city had just committed to like we're going to start fully remote, they could have spent the whole summer coming up with a really good plan, like a really robust, remote whatever.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: But instead they kind of just like I wasted the whole summer and left, you know, for all of us to figure out. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: and it's a deep here. I mean, I know you want to do a good job. So you know, you were you would have worked out somewhere if you knew what the plan was. I mean, I know like I mean, you know, you you look so much of your own time and effort and energy that nobody's wrong about and don't let
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: it rule.
SPEAKER_L: was dumb because I was just sitting around all summer, like normally my husband and I was like traveled obviously wearing traveling, so I really just had a lot of free time I could have been planning but instead of it was just nothing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right. I know it will be it to see this group of kids that have gone through this how it's going to impact jobs, how it's gonna interact any any of that stuff too. Is it really going to have a different, you don't know? You know, maybe it does like
SPEAKER_L: I know like a lot of colleges are waving like S. A. T. Scores this year and things like that which is good and my students especially or like not great test takers, you know, so this is a good opportunity for them. Um But yeah, it's true if the elephants in the room is that like they're just not going to be learning that much this year, you know like is that okay? It doesn't matter. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right. I mean, I mean, I mean I kind of I guess through experience of teaching, why I quit and all the things that went to all that. I mean, I just didn't like the direction that was going and I just thought it was interesting that got me that I couldn't do it more. It's not a kindergarten, it's ridiculous how much, you know, formal testing that we had to do and I'm like, I can't see myself doing this for most of my life and making my kids cry every day, you know? So interesting, like you said, is there going to be a big change in education because of this experiment that we're all going through and will it help? Thank you for the better, you know?
SPEAKER_L: I mean I thought ap literature last year also and what they did in the spring was they totally change the test. Um You got rid of all the multiple choice. They got rid of two of the essays and they just made the whole test like one essay. So if they had the opportunity to show what they learned and you know it kind of made me think like we should keep not using the multiple choice,
SPEAKER_R: We won't.
SPEAKER_L: you know, choice sucks. Like do we need that? You know, especially for my students multiple choices so hard for them. You know Like I said they're not good test takers but like they really do like they learn a lot over the year and you know they learn to like analyze and rights and I just hate that because they can't answer 55 multiple choice in 60 minutes like automatically. They're kind of screwed. So you know, I think it would be nice if we moved to more. Not that an essay is like project based but like it's closer you know? So
SPEAKER_R: Right. No, it is, it is, I mean, the differences in his school, the accumulating thing is not, but it can be a paper, I mean, it can do that, but it's a project with some sort in a lot of times with group group work projects, but it shows that they, the way you can around, you know, getting the project, we don't know what you're talking about.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. When I teach 11th grade they have to take the regions which is the state test at the end of the year. And it's like agony because you know, we just go over those two essays like over and over and they end up like practice writing the same essay over and over. But like you know what I can say? They're not great test takers that we need to do it so that they can pass it and gradually, you know? But it's like they just spent their whole 11th grade like writing,
SPEAKER_R: that's how she looks today.
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: know? And like none of them are going to develop like a love of literature because they spent the whole year like prepping for the region. So it sucks. I like I loved my high school english classes and that's why I majored in english and became an english teacher, but like no one is going to look back with fond memories over spending a whole year on test craft essentially.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I absolutely agree. I think that education be about the love of learning and further that in everybody in the big picture will be better than okay, you gotta pass that and that's the whole focused um Yeah it was when um like my last year was 2000 when no child left behind the big thing and that's when all that testing came into play and I'm like if this is the future, I'm out of here it's not what we've made. Um and probably why I do keep from school my child because even though we were connected to the virtual school, you know they hand hand outs and things like that. Well the boy the door. Well I took the objective I mean my own lucky's around it and so you know most of the workbooks we didn't do even one page of because we were doing active things, you know doing things and you know something on the trampoline doing your spelling words and things like that that you know so it was nice that I could manipulate it but it was a full time job. I mean there was no way around it was I was looking at what all was and then you're thinking how can I do this a different way so that he still gets the information and um but it would be nice if you know that education opens up that kind of learning are as credible as whatever else that they're trying to make us prove it's me it's they don't trust you teach your as being the expert so you can prove yourself. That's what a lot of this to me is just proof that you're doing your job. And I think that's one of you as a teacher, you you could probably with 99% address to say what grade those kids the observer get.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: You don't need a test to tell, you know, or the teacher and that that's what needs to change to is your you trust your doctor when he tells you whatever you went through the education that laid out becoming you did the licensing. So they should have the same expect, but they don't. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I know it's so true. And then I guess it's easier for the people up top to be like, okay, this could pass the test, this could fail the test. Therefore, you know, this teacher is doing a good job. This one's not. But you know, if you let it be more holistic, it would be a totally different situation. Um You know, like I think that some students that have like failed the regions like no chance of them passing, but like they read a book for the first time in their life and they enjoyed that book and we have some good discussions about that book, you know, so like does that count for anything? Like not really, but like it
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: does. Uh
SPEAKER_R: But, you know, it does. You know, it means something and like you said, just that that connection that they have with you talking about, you know, a common thing. So the book that will stay with them compared to one test that they take at the end of the year. And neither they pass
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: or fail. I mean that's so I can tell you're a great great teacher. You're you're
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: for the right reasons. But
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: now the uh oh now that's what I think really happened to me. I burned. Yeah. It was just too too much.
SPEAKER_L: you very much.
SPEAKER_R: Tell your husband he
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: needs to you know make you probably have that night in. So
SPEAKER_L: you so much. So it's really nice talking to you think.
SPEAKER_R: it was very nice talking to you and and good lucking. Please don't mistake think I worry about your health. I really do. I think that people that have to be out there are it's ridiculous.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: I know it's crazy. Thank
SPEAKER_R: watch
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: those hands so All right. Thank you so much.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you so much. Bye.