Hi
you
hear me? I'm
good, how are you?
I live in New York
City, how
about
you?
cool. How's
it going there
actually?
Today was so high, it's 70° right now. Yeah,
how about you? Thank
you,
Yeah, I actually wore long sleeves today and it was a huge mistake. I'm dying with you right now.
no, I'm a teacher actually
we do.
well I teach high school um
which people always seem surprised. People tell me that I seem like an elementary school teacher, but uh I teach high school English um this year 11th and 12th period and uh it's okay, I mean we're doing the remote learning now, which
is
like
impossible. Yeah.
it's horrible.
I mean I I feel like, you know, between academics
and just like surviving, you know, we chose the latter and like the academics are it's really tough for me, especially because this year I'm teaching an ap class ap literature and
I just don't know how we're gonna prepare
them for us, you know? Like it's impossible the way that my school is doing it is we only have two actual classes a week. So like that of having five
classes a week, we only have two. So like how am I supposed to do the whole curriculum
with only 2/5 of you know, the right time and you know, they're doing it on their computers, it's frustrating like I can't you know, walk around see how they're doing, it's
and you know, the ones that I feel
the
most bad for are the kids who need like special services, you know? So they feel like kids, the ones english is your second language, like they're just getting totally screwed over. Um
I
know.
I know it's funny like a lot of people like that for their minds went like does this mean no more snow day, but it's kind of through, you know?
I mean I've been trying to think about like is there any way because they revolutionized education like for the better, you know when we come out of it? It's like, you know, I'm sure there's actually a lot of students who would really benefit from full time remote learning kids who just can't leave their houses for whatever reason um you know, whether it's a medical thing or family thing um You know like now if there's a way for them to just like connect to, you know, either a remote teacher or classroom, this thing, I don't know, it could be it could be good for them. Um And it's funny because like I work at a title one, like low income school in East Harlem where we like never have any money for anything. But somehow like all the kids got like Apple Mac books this year you know so they could see the remote learning and it's like oh I
guess you know somebody did have money after
all but you
know now that we have technology
um You know I really opens up a lot of doors I assume you get to keep the computers after this. I don't know but we'll see what happens. Yeah.
It is a little overwhelming because like all of these attacks cos you know are now doing like free subscriptions for teachers and so you know there's like a depositor pot and all these things and I don't even know where to start. And uh you know on some level it's confusing because I don't want the students to have like every single teacher is doing a different thing and like using a different service. Um So I really for the most part of in trying to replicate my lessons from the before times, you know, as much as possible, my schools are really small school, so most of the kids that I've, I'm teaching in 12th grade now, I already had them in like ninth and 10th grade. So like, you know me and they know my style and like I'm trying to really just make it like the familiar um you know, like google slides presentation
that normally do and I
think they appreciate that like, you know, they're telling me that, you know, they find the lessons are so clear and easy to follow and you know, I keep thinking about like
maybe I should incorporate, you know, like games and whatever, but at the same time part of me just wants to keep it simple, you know? Yeah.
Oh,
Like, yeah.
I mean that's interesting that just made me think of a lot of things. I feel like what's really unique about this situation is like the teachers and the students are having such, like, an honest dialogue, you know, about like, is this working? You know, do you guys like this? Like what do you guys need? And like, normally I would never like express, you know, insecurity, like this is I'm on using this. I don't know how it's going to go, but like, now,
you know, like the curtain has kind of job between us and like, you know, every day I ask them, you know, like would you prefer we do more of this? What do you think of this? And I think it's really good. So I feel like, you know, looping in like the parents, teachers and the students to try to figure it out together. Um You know, because again, like every school has has different needs and um you know, it's good for like a private school in Westchester is not going to be the same as public school and you know, there's just so many things out there. So I think it would be great if their parents would, you know, get on board because
we're
kind of navigating this finally. And so were the students like
it?
So
our system is actually really messed up and frustrating right now. We're technically hybrid um where the students can choose if they want to be remote or virtual. I'm like, we started with it was about 50 50 but now
one month into it, we're at like 85% or virtual because I think the kids tried coming in and they were like, you
know,
this is what, because it's crazy. You know, like we're all spaced out were wearing that. It's like that,
you know, I think they were hoping they would have some sense of normalcy and socialization.
It's not that. So, you know, in the first couple of weeks, they all switched back to remote. I mean, not all of them, like literally my fifth period has two kids in person and the eighth period also has two kids. So the
teacher, it's crazy like trying to teach a class 22 kids is
like, it's totally,
it's
funny you say that example because the teaching in people and remote kids at the same time, that's been a big source of contention in new york city because the union negotiated that like, we don't have to do that. Like the schools need to hire somebody for the remote classes, somebody for the person. But because my school is so small, we just don't have enough teachers for that. So my second period, I have kids in front of me and then I have 30 remote kids on zoom at the same time. So it's like a little back and forth to figure out the best way to do that. But it's crazy because I'm trying to answer the kids in person and I have like a smart board behind me and then I have kids on zoom, like asking questions in the chest. And so if I ask a question, like I'll say to the kids in front of me like, oh joseph just said this, you know? And it's like, it's kind of funny if they're going to look back on this and be like, that
was,
you know,
like,
like what else can you do? Like that's what
it is.
It's
It's
It's
I feel like the best
cases like if there's two teachers, you know, like I know some of the classes that are like there's a special teacher also
they do it with one of the teachers are dealing with the zoom kids and one of the teachers with it in person. Kids. Um Parents are interesting, you know, that opens up a whole different kind of uh whatever,
but
you know, it's kind of like all hands on deck at this point, you know? So if somebody wants to help like the sheriff please. Um I guess
I
know, I like what my school is going through now is a big a big thing that like I'm only teaching in person two days a week because you know, you have it. So like the kids only have classes two days a week, so the other three days a week, I'm just supposed to be available on zoom for like office hours, you know, to help them, you know, whatever, but like they're not in person either, they're also on soon, so we're trying to be able to work remotely on the days that were fully remote, you know, like our classic because you know, now there's, it's just too many people in the building unnecessarily. You know, people have
to get on the subway, get on the bus to get to work, you know, just like a health perspective. It's unnecessary for us to be in the building every single day. But
you know, and it's hard because there's just not enough classrooms for every teacher to have their own place to go. So,
you know, again, it's kind of funny, but like, I'm currently sharing the room with another teacher in the back and so that when I'm talking to students, I have to like talk low and then she has to talk low and like, it's crazy. Like if we were just allowed to stay at home, I could have like a normal conversation like I'm having right now, um you know, that school is like, it's all about the policy. The procedure is, you know, where it's like other workplaces are a little bit more flexible where, you know, it makes sense. Work from home fine, you know, everything is just such a bureaucratic paperwork, you know,
at schools? It's hard.
I'm jealous, you know, over the summer and my principal requested from the city for our school to go full remote because he knew that not that many kids are going to want to come in and the city said no, because this was back when like, you know, there's Blasio, like wanted to be like the big city that managed to open whatever. So the full remote plan got rejected. And like now as of a few weeks ago, the city is saying okay, if your school wants to go full remote now we'll consider it. But like now we've started, you know, so it's hard to just
switch and like, you know, at the same time, it's crazy that we all have to keep coming in every single day for classes to students, you know? But at the same time it's like if those kids want to be there, then, you know, we got going
for them.
What
what
what,
what?
I
know
it's been so frustrating all summer, we're waiting for like any sort of guidance and like it's like mid to late august, they still didn't know what was happening in my, in person, in my not in my remote or not. And you know that I get the last minute, like you said, it's like they just pulled something out of nowhere where like, you know, if the city had just committed to like we're going to start fully remote, they could have spent the whole summer coming up with a really good plan, like a really robust, remote whatever.
But instead they kind of just like I wasted the whole summer and left, you know, for all of us to figure out. So. Yeah.
It
it
was dumb because I was just sitting around all summer, like normally my husband and I was like traveled obviously wearing traveling, so I really just had a lot of free time I could have been planning but instead of it was just nothing. Yeah.
I know like a lot of colleges are waving like S. A. T. Scores this year and things like that which is good and my students especially or like not great test takers, you know, so this is a good opportunity for them. Um But yeah, it's true if the elephants in the room is that like they're just not going to be learning that much this year, you know like is that okay? It doesn't matter. Yeah.
I mean I thought ap literature last year also and what they did in the spring was they totally change the test. Um You got rid of all the multiple choice. They got rid of two of the essays and they just made the whole test like one essay. So if they had the opportunity to show what they learned and you know it kind of made me think like we should keep not using the multiple choice,
you know, choice sucks. Like do we need that? You know, especially for my students multiple choices so hard for them. You know Like I said they're not good test takers but like they really do like they learn a lot over the year and you know they learn to like analyze and rights and I just hate that because they can't answer 55 multiple choice in 60 minutes like automatically. They're kind of screwed. So you know, I think it would be nice if we moved to more. Not that an essay is like project based but like it's closer you know? So
Yeah. When I teach 11th grade they have to take the regions which is the state test at the end of the year. And it's like agony because you know, we just go over those two essays like over and over and they end up like practice writing the same essay over and over. But like you know what I can say? They're not great test takers that we need to do it so that they can pass it and gradually, you know? But it's like they just spent their whole 11th grade like writing,
you
know? And like none of them are going to develop like a love of literature because they spent the whole year like prepping for the region. So it sucks. I like I loved my high school english classes and that's why I majored in english and became an english teacher, but like no one is going to look back with fond memories over spending a whole year on test craft essentially.
All
I know it's so true. And then I guess it's easier for the people up top to be like, okay, this could pass the test, this could fail the test. Therefore, you know, this teacher is doing a good job. This one's not. But you know, if you let it be more holistic, it would be a totally different situation. Um You know, like I think that some students that have like failed the regions like no chance of them passing, but like they read a book for the first time in their life and they enjoyed that book and we have some good discussions about that book, you know, so like does that count for anything? Like not really, but like it
does. Uh
Thank
you.
Thank
you.
Thank
you very much.
Thank
you so much. So it's really nice talking to you think.
No,
I know it's crazy. Thank
you.
Thank you so much. Bye.