Uh huh.
Hi
you can hear me okay. Good. Howard
Hill?
I'm doing fine. So where are you, where are you at? What station?
Well
new
york
I'm in California L. A. So
were the
it's
larger weather there? Uh huh. Cool.
Oh
we're in fun. There were 95-100
somewhere in there today so.
That's funny. So are you asking it?
I was a teacher for many years ago. Yeah.
What are you studying like what would you would you prefer to teach the older younger? Oh
well.
that's
what I
can ask you.
I can't imagine I mean you have the older kids so there's some different dynamics that you're dealing with that younger kids deal with but I can't imagine that you're improving the goals you really want to achieve with the kids. I can't even again.
All
Well no.
What
me?
I'm
No.
Yeah you can't get a gauge of how to support them.
Come
on.
Yeah. Yeah. It is interesting. Um And I think some good things to come out, like a friend of mine, she she's in Westchester but lived in new york before and we were talking and you know,
the snow days and all that kind of stuff are gone. I mean if this can happen then, you know, there's a snow day. I wouldn't be doing teaching and learning and
that's so sad because when I grew up, that was the day you got a small day. It was so exciting.
And if you're not feeling well, you know, you could do say, you know what I I might be coming down to the something, so I'm going to give your note today. That might be a good thing to do.
hmm.
Isn't
that
What?
And I would hope, I don't hope for the kid's sake that it gives them a branch that they never had before too. So um how are you finding materials to teach one? So like what I'm saying like, you know those fun games and things that you can incorporate. How, how are you doing with that? Because it's not something uniquely for. I would have to imagine overwhelming of what you have to learn. You have to do your lesson, let alone the material.
I want to
and
What?
You know what the balance of that, you're right. Um
so nine background with like pot For 11 years, but special at elementary um in Kindergarten for a lot of it. And um and then we moved, we, I lived in Ohio and then we moved out here to California. Well the schools here pathetic. So I'm like, well my son going to school here. So I, we started connections academy, which is a virtual school and we just said, well let's just see how it goes. So we started and it was fine and we basically stayed in until six food. And then a friend of mine, she was the head of a, it was another charter school that offered a program where you could basically receive the money that the state would get and buy whatever curriculum you wanted. So I, we did that for his 7th and 8th grade. So I understand what you're saying is overwhelming the the number of things out there that all of great and wonderful, but to have the time to go room and see what really works. The network that that can take up all your time and that's I mean what a service for for like to have like a P. T. A. B. Your your getting pigs to test out different things and like give you like reviews of it. Would that be because I'm trying, So he's at a high school now real high school and so I'm on the P. T. A. And that's I'm trying to think how can we support the teachers? Because I have to imagine like you said, there's just so many things out there. Maybe we need to review them as parents to see what works and fun and you know this is going to allow you to, but I know who is used to see how the class is retaining things. You can get a quick overview.
you know what the purpose of each, would that be a service that you think with culture teachers or not?
Well,
Do
something.
Now
do you think that do you think you guys are ever going to go back this year to two actual
in school?
what?
thank
you.
it was
and it's not now.
my
Well
you
know and that's what people don't understand. I know like my friend in Westchester and she's like, well why can't the teacher just set up a camera and you know, do her asking them and both of them will get it would be great. I said because something goes wrong with the camera connect. It's all those other things that go with it that yeah, in the perfect world but ran smoothly. But You are going from here like teaching to people as a different thinking approach in teaching a class of 25, you do things differently, you asked different kinds of questions and people don't get that. Teaching has so many specifics to it and they don't understand that you think oh you just talk, you're done
how
did
we do
that?
Well
okay then going back to
how parents can support it. What if there was a parent in like
in the classroom zoom can ask with you being able to at least organized the questions and answer questions that are minor questions you know like what what page did you say? You know those kind of questions that they would help monitor the situation to free up your brain to get the content because that's unless you're being
a future, you're the expert in the content. Yeah. Right.
What?
No.
thank
you.
Do whatever you think is. Right. But yeah, you want I they should get triple your head, but it's not
gonna happen.
All
I think so too.
so
No,
Well there's political parts being played here because like in California raw comes down, there's no no hybrid, nothing or do not tend to kid period when so the school he goes to a charter school, but it's a very small charter school. It's project based a different beast itself. And so the principle have the zoom all summer of just brainstorming of what things. And my thing was is that if you're gonna try to do hybrid and virtue, look at that, the teachers are going to be adequate for both. They keep doing outstanding job and no, it's just not feasible. I say we pick one and we go with, this was before the governor said we're going to do it this way. And so I'm like, just pretty one and go with it because the teachers can't, you don't get from the teachers. And so before they even said we had to keep, because we had already decided on the whole year for the whole, uh, so I was glad because disruption of one or the other. It's too much.
that's
What,
what, what can you do? But no, I, I really do. This whole thing is
then surprised at how much the local government really does. It is important.
I never, you know, all those elections, whatever, who cares. You know, I never paid attention to my local government actions and now I'm like oh my God, you know because I don't think our mirror very a lot of things and you know, so that has surprised me through all of this.
But also what I want to say,
the heads of the C. D. C. I mean all the heads of things, I really don't know what they're doing. I mean, you're telling me you
had a whole other that new york, they couldn't bring form ideas and pick the best practice. But it's like wait until the week, okay we're going to do it. You know I mean it's like job I
mean.
No.
know
and it's a deep here. I mean, I know you want to do a good job. So you know, you were you would have worked out somewhere if you knew what the plan was. I mean, I know like I mean, you know, you you look so much of your own time and effort and energy that nobody's wrong about and don't let
it rule.
Right. I know it will be it to see this group of kids that have gone through this how it's going to impact jobs, how it's gonna interact any any of that stuff too. Is it really going to have a different, you don't know? You know, maybe it does like
Right. I mean, I mean, I mean I kind of I guess through experience of teaching, why I quit and all the things that went to all that. I mean, I just didn't like the direction that was going and I just thought it was interesting that got me that I couldn't do it more. It's not a kindergarten, it's ridiculous how much, you know, formal testing that we had to do and I'm like, I can't see myself doing this for most of my life and making my kids cry every day, you know? So interesting, like you said, is there going to be a big change in education because of this experiment that we're all going through and will it help? Thank you for the better, you know?
We won't.
Right. No, it is, it is, I mean, the differences in his school, the accumulating thing is not, but it can be a paper, I mean, it can do that, but it's a project with some sort in a lot of times with group group work projects, but it shows that they, the way you can around, you know, getting the project, we don't know what you're talking about.
that's how she looks today.
Just
Yeah I absolutely agree. I think that education be about the love of learning and further that in everybody in the big picture will be better than okay, you gotta pass that and that's the whole focused um Yeah it was when um like my last year was 2000 when no child left behind the big thing and that's when all that testing came into play and I'm like if this is the future, I'm out of here it's not what we've made. Um and probably why I do keep from school my child because even though we were connected to the virtual school, you know they hand hand outs and things like that. Well the boy the door. Well I took the objective I mean my own lucky's around it and so you know most of the workbooks we didn't do even one page of because we were doing active things, you know doing things and you know something on the trampoline doing your spelling words and things like that that you know so it was nice that I could manipulate it but it was a full time job. I mean there was no way around it was I was looking at what all was and then you're thinking how can I do this a different way so that he still gets the information and um but it would be nice if you know that education opens up that kind of learning are as credible as whatever else that they're trying to make us prove it's me it's they don't trust you teach your as being the expert so you can prove yourself. That's what a lot of this to me is just proof that you're doing your job. And I think that's one of you as a teacher, you you could probably with 99% address to say what grade those kids the observer get.
You don't need a test to tell, you know, or the teacher and that that's what needs to change to is your you trust your doctor when he tells you whatever you went through the education that laid out becoming you did the licensing. So they should have the same expect, but they don't. Yeah.
You
But, you know, it does. You know, it means something and like you said, just that that connection that they have with you talking about, you know, a common thing. So the book that will stay with them compared to one test that they take at the end of the year. And neither they pass
or fail. I mean that's so I can tell you're a great great teacher. You're you're
there
for the right reasons. But
there
now the uh oh now that's what I think really happened to me. I burned. Yeah. It was just too too much.
Tell your husband he
needs to you know make you probably have that night in. So
it was very nice talking to you and and good lucking. Please don't mistake think I worry about your health. I really do. I think that people that have to be out there are it's ridiculous.
So
watch
those hands so All right. Thank you so much.