Yeah. Hello, how are you?
Mm It's an interesting weather day here. Just just cold enough to make your allergies go crazy. But war warm enough if you can't really rest that has been in. How are you?
are you guys, you guys get snow
somewhere?
They hit
Well we had thunderstorms that came through, so most of last night was over, the winds blowing 70 miles an hour and the thunder it was just like oh my gosh, because we were just having 70 degree weather, you know, a couple days ago, but that's
Chicago.
It
here.
yeah, I'm a computer
system,
I'm retired now but I used to work for loosen so I actually relocated from Mississippi to come here to work and they got me because I had only ever been here during the summer and then when
I came to beat it from my interviews, it was the spring and I said, oh that's great, it's wonderful.
The first day it snowed here, there was no clue the sun was shining, you know, sky's all pretty blue, it was wonderful. We went to lunch and I was like, oh this is great weather. And then one of my friends came and said come look outside And we had got like 3" of snow. I was like what in the world? They were like welcome to Chicago, like, oh my gosh. Yeah.
But
Me.
The
it's really
close.
And then last year, last year we had some really funny things that happened on michigan avenue, like there was a deer who came into a sandwich shop And I looked around and he stuck around for about 20 minutes and then it left and I'm sitting there going really and and people are kind of sit here looking like we see that every day and I said oh my gosh, oh my gosh, it's very interesting
you
know
You
Not the record. Oh my goodness.
13.
Well
I
think I kind of get delivered one but the records, I don't know, I grew up on a farm in the country so we used to have the raccoons hanging around, they didn't really want to come you know too close to humans. But it was funny because when I moved here I told people like the squirrels just kind of hang out, you know they've been sitting under the tree and you know you walk by, they don't move, they're just gonna look at you like a how you doing? And I said no you're a city animal because if you were in Mississippi you would not be sitting there. So cool because you would be dinner for somebody. So funny. But I have boys, I have two boys and their seven years apart. It's hilarious because when they were younger they would be like we're not taking the trash out at night, we're just not. And I was like what's wrong?
They're like, do you know the records are out there? They were like uh we go we gotta come making a lot of noise with flashlights. And I said okay so you might be right, let's let's not mess with the raccoon. But I never forget. I went to Galaxy because my father is from there and we were staying at the hotel and there was a lizard in the like it didn't leave. It was just, we were like okay he's in the bathroom down okay there by the T. V. And we were just like um is this normal? They were like oh yeah you know they're they're harmless. I was like it's easy for you to say you can't deal with. That lizard is thinking, you just don't know. I thought I thought it was funny. They just said um well it's not funny funny but they had an article about these people who were feeding the bears in their neighborhood. And so the bears were being seen like seen walking up and down the street and the other neighbors were trying to figure out like why why looking up and down the street And the police found out that they were feeding the beer. So I was like oh yeah we don't want to invite that. But where
I am, it used to all be farm forest land just for a man. So now it's nothing, especially later in the evening if you're driving, you'll see like a whole family of deer and on the side of the road just chilling. And I'll be like, if you stay in your lane, I must stay in my lane please, across this highway. Uh There's so many people back in Mississippi who get hit by dear all time because we've got where I'm from. We're like these hills and the deer everywhere. But there, if a deer gets into an accident with a person, then they'll just take it home and eat it. I'm just like, really? They're like, oh well we told, we told in our car, but we got deer meat, but it's for the winner and I'm just going, oh my God, that have
my shirt.
But
do
they? Oh,
what
Yeah. And so
they always
make noise. Um their article about a guy who he didn't know he was near the baby, the cup, but he got too close to them and the and the mama bear came out and he made like all this noise and he was but he taped it. He actually had his phone and he was recording while it was happening. But he was saying, oh my God, you know, I didn't know that that would work. But he did everything he was screaming and he picked up like a thing through it and I'm going, I don't think I would have had the presence of mind to ask me to record what was going on. And you know, he was really seemed really calm while it was happening, but after the bear turned and left, he was like, oh my God, because I almost lost me. Like, I was like, oh my goodness, I can't believe that. That's why I don't understand people who live in California, have a lot of friends who live in California and they're always talking about, oh, you know the Wildcats? And I'm like, why do you stay there? Why are you that they're going walking and I'm going, you know, my idea of walking and walk down the street to the park and back, and they're like, no, we're taking the nature around. I'm like, yeah, but you come across all kinds of things from this nature wrapped. One of my friends said they came across a horse, They were trying to figure out what happened because there was no rider, there was nobody else walking around and they were just walking and all of a sudden horse pops up and I'm going, oh wow, that's really interesting, I
can do
I know right. They probably could have got the horse and wrote around, I'm cool with everything is set for the snakes though. They just
have 50
people in texas keep coming home and finding them like laying on their porch and stuff and I'm going, they could have the house. If I ever came home and found one, I would kiss me like you know what, keep the furniture, keep everything, I'm not even gonna argue with you, you can have this, I
don't
like
don't
trump
Uh huh. Uh See where I grew up in Mississippi, we used to have like the cotton snakes which are like really poisonous.
So I was always taught just don't even food with them, don't mess with them, just
stay away. And, and there was so much greenery which was good for, you know, just for having nature around you, but it hits so and
I never forget, I
went fishing with my grandfather and I caught a snake and it's like it was like a slow motion because I'm grilling it in and as I'm reeling it in, my grandfather took his knife and cut it, cut the line because he was before I realized and I was going to look at it and everything like that, it's not a fish.
So
you know, I just, they can
have that all the other animals. I'm like, you know, we can talk become, hey, I don't want to intrude on you, you can go your way. But if they can have that, some guy had a corvette and he found one under his hood in his arm. I was like, what does this? They'll go anywhere.
And they
showed the
picture. I was just like, I can't do that. So they, the kids get me every once in a while. They when they were little, they used to have the little uh toys fighters.
Little. No, they used to have a little toy toys fighter and then, well it was not the same color because like the Garden state's would be like the little green ones, the little brown ones. But they would have like the little black ones. And and I remember and biology they used to always tell us, you know, if you can, you can tell by the stripes and the order of the strike was poisonous and what's not and I used to tell them if I'm that close, I'm too close. It doesn't matter.
I'm
not questioning the colors there. I think it was like if it's yellow, if it's black with yellow stripes and that's poisonous. But if it's got the yellow and the stripers black, I'm like, if I'm that close, I'm too close.
It's,
I don't want to know. I don't need to know because that's too close.
Not
now. Not right now. It's, it's been really, you know, like I said, cats, dogs, deer, raccoons, squirrels, I can deal with them. I don't mess with them. I'm like, it's your world. But my son, my son missed me over with some birds when he was younger. He was about seven. My oldest, he was about seven. Then he's 28 now. A bird was on sidewalk with a broken wing. He
loves animals. So he got the bird, you brought him home, took care of him, got him all strong and stuff and then he flew away and he was like so sad because he said,
my God, it flew away, I said, but no, that's good. That's what you want to do. Little did little did I know that he was just going home to get the rest of the family? So he came back and he put a nest in my venture and so three o'clock every morning, it was, I'm like, what
in the world? I was like, that's that bird, that's that bird that you saved. And every year it comes back every year, I was just like, oh my God, look at me whenever I, because I stay up really late at night. So then I'm usually like really exhausted at the end of the day. And I was thinking like, why is it three o'clock in the morning? The sun isn't even up yet, but your birds are chirping, They are tripping and he was
just so thrilled. He was like, oh my God, he came back. I'm like, oh no. But I knew kids for sure. He was going to be a veterinarian. He changed up and decided to become a businessman instead he into photography and all that kind of stuff. But I just knew like he's going to be a veterinarian because he loves animals. He stuck a frog in one time and had me thinking I was crazy because I kept hearing the frogs and I'm like, where's the frog? Why am I hearing a frog? He had taken the frog in a shoot out and hit his room and I'm just like, where's that sale coming from? And he's just like,
what you talk about? So they keep me entertained. They're always into something. But
now they're grown.
No, I still do things from home, take on assignments from home that I can still do. Because I actually have lupus and mrs with my immune system and I never know what's gonna be a good day. What's gonna be a bad day? And I take chemotherapy as part of my treatment. So they were like you have to keep your stress level down. And of course I'm a project manager which is like probably the most stressful
jobs you can have. And then I've got very full very demanding customers. So when things go wrong, whether I'm actually there or not there like no, we won't even work there. She has to fix the uh and then when she's on vacation we don't care. We we don't feel right if she's not working on it. So my doctors were like, your job is to stressful. It's going to kill you, you have to relax and slow down. Uh and I did for a little while, but then whenever I feel feel strong, I'll take on little projects and stuff. So the
only
thing, the only thing that Covid did was keep me out of the airport because
sometimes my customers want me to come on site, you know, for a week or two to help them with different things. And so I have not been on an airplane since february of this year. Yeah.
My
son, my um, I have a 21 year old who works for Mariano. He can't go and I was so stressed out because I couldn't care for him because I have, I'm like the at risk group because I have the immune issues. I'm also diabetic and I'm taking chemotherapy. So I hate the three main ones that have my immune system down. So luckily his siblings were like really adamant they were like, no, no, no, no, you stay in your room will take care of him. I was like chicken, see if he has a fever. And they were like, we got this, we don't need your help, we got this. They said they were like we got him you were going to make sure he's okay, but we can't have him sick and you see it too.
So
he did for him because he's my my child that never gets it. No, I mean he touches the flu and he just worked right through it. It doesn't bother him for three whole days. He was out, He was completely out, he didn't leave his room, couldn't hardly eat, couldn't hardly do anything. Um and then it took him about a week to kind of start getting back up um by the end of his 14 days better, but it still took him like another two weeks before he was more like himself, so about a month, but now you can't even tell he's fine, he's ripping and running and back up car and doing everything that he did, but it was so scary, you know, simply because he's hardly ever get sick, so when he gets sick, like, problem, but then he was he had me laughing because he, once he got his energy back, he would put his little mask on, and he was peeping my door and he goes, I'm just letting you know, I'm okay, I'm okay, I was like, okay, he said, but we're not trying to get you sick, so we'll just just peeping in and say hi, and then I'm gonna go back into my room and sit down and drink my bone broth again and build my energies next week. So yeah, that that was that was actually good, and I've had a couple of um other friends from like part of the engineering groups and stuff who has the ones who were actually forced to go into the office, who came back and so that was really weird and I don't know about you guys, but our numbers here are going up, up up, they put us back on restrictions again.
I
know.
I know, am I got my friend, whole foods, they're my friends um you know, we have a push here to try to order from our local establishments because they're trying to keep going, so we've done a lot more of that. I don't know if you got like my amazon boxes everywhere, that uh because
amazon
is my friend, because and thankfully my Children are working so they can kind of go out and if
I need something from the store um that I can't get from delivery, but I tell people all the time, it's like, it's just not worth it. I can count the times I've been outside of my home seven times since March. And also I did, I did, I could not, you know, I ended up breaking the tube, so I had to go and the
dentist
had to
do,
I
had to go for that. Um and and that's basically been the only time that I've been out. So, uh and my doctors actually told me they were like, if you don't have Covid, we don't want you anywhere near a hospital medical facility, anywhere where there's a crowd, We don't want you there. It's funny to me because like, this is the time of year that I use it kind of hibernate inside Anyway. What difference is now everybody else is here with me. So like, the kids are here, my friends are home, you know, so when they get lunch break, still call and we'll do a zoom meeting or something. So I'm asked, actually being really positive for me from the perspective, I get to hang out and talk to people that I usually haven't been able to do it with. My family
just did Halloween uh, virtual party, which was funny, everybody dressed up and do their own little thing. So, you know, from that perspective, it's okay, but
I just
have to be there because even for me, I'll catch a cold and you know, most people have a cold and seven days later they're fine. I have, it'll take me two or three months to get over the code. And so I did. And then now they're talking about people can get covid and the flu and I'm like,
that's not what you want under
anything.
So we're
seeing.
So
even normally my um my doctor usually like very insistent that as soon as she gets the flu vaccine, I come
in and get it this time, she was kind of like, you know what, I want to hold off to maybe the end of november because we think that this flu season is going to last a little bit longer this year. So as long as you aren't interacting with other people, you should be safe. And then we'll have you come in at the end of the month and we'll give you the flu vaccine. So that's what we're doing with that too. But it's just it's just been, I don't know, it's been really offered, I think to see there's some people who don't take it very seriously. Like my oldest son, he and his friends, they think that they are like superman and you know, they get small groups together and they go and do stuff still and I'm just trying to put you guys don't realize you may know what you're doing, but you don't know what the other people are doing. So even in a small group, you've got to be aware um that somebody could have it and not know they happen and he's
He's pretty good about wearing his mask and stuff. But I've noticed like some of his friends, they sometimes they wear them, sometimes they don't, you know, they have them on but they pull them down so they could talk and I'm like, no, no, no, no, you're not going to put them down unless you're eating if you're eating or you're drinking, but if you guys are just talking then get going.
and then he went to Atlanta because he had been planning, he, he never really built a lot for his birthday, He just had a birthday on november 2nd, so he went to Atlanta for his birthday and then he came
back and he isolated away from me further two weeks when he came back. Okay?
So you know, he's protective of me, but at the same time, but word about your siblings and you know what about your friends? And he has two beautiful god daughter. There are seven and four, and he's always getting them and I'm like, don't make those babies sick. He's like, I'm being careful and I'm watching in sanitizing, I'm like, okay, so so far everything has gone well, but
you know, I'm always fussing and my daughter, I have a daughter who is 24 she's hilarious when he comes back. If he leaves to go to the gym or something, when he comes back, she meets him at the door with a lifestyle, she sprays them down. She's like, don't go where Mommy and I'm spraying you down and he's like really, he's gonna actually spray me down. She's like yes, I'm spraying you down because you will go back and be like mom, let me tell you what happened and then she'll get sick and then I'll be mad at you. So
they teach you that
I
do
you know what I want to say? It was like 401.
I know
they said I know they said to make sure we do
at least one minute over Because it doesn't have an estimating tool so it has to be exactly 25 minutes. So I think we may be good. I think it's 4:27 now. Mhm.
Yeah it
is.
Well it's
been a joy
talking
to
you.
Absolutely.
you too.
Take care. All
take