Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh Oh yeah. Mhm. No. Oh, okay. What? Yeah. Okay. Oh, okay. Okay. Go Yes. Mhm. Cool. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Oh, true. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. All right. Uh huh. Yeah. All right. What? Okay. Yeah. Well, yeah. Mhm. Cool. The group. No. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh yeah. Hello?
Cool. How's it going?
What good it's been. Yeah. Today I live in the mountains. I live in Manitou Springs, colorado. And uh
no, I didn't know
there
was, well, there was a small little dusting uh night before last and it wasn't it wasn't nothing. But uh yeah, it's when the sun's out here because we're over a mile high, It feels warm, you know, so it can be like 25, out. And if the sun's blazing, man, it's like, yeah, Okay. Not bad. But today it was a little windy and when I was walking the dog this morning I was definitely gold.
What
state do you? Oh you live it? Yeah, I spent many, many years uh in central Illinois, and I used to go up to Chicago all the time for concerts
and business Back in the 90s. I worked in corporate
for computer stuff, and I used to yeah, I used to go up like once every three months to the Microsoft headquarters downtown there, and I lived in Springfield uh and I take the train up to Chicago and back. Yeah.
Well, a lot
of times going on.
All
ha ha ha.
My
memories, my memories of Chicago are, a lot
of them have to do with going to a meeting like in the middle of january, february
getting out and then because I didn't ever take my car I'd have to try to you know get a ride back to my hotel and man you try that on michigan about five o'clock in the afternoon, get out of town and
it's freezing
cold and everybody oh man there ain't. No way.
Well I live I live close enough in the mountains
where
we get bears in the trash. I've ran one off this year so far so you can never put trash out until the morning the truck gets here because they'll rip it up
until they go into hibernation which is still a little early now. But then we've had raccoons in the house from our doggy door in the back.
we get lizards,
um stray cats. Yeah we get
a lot of
things to,
All
No.
I used
to live down by Carbondale Illinois in a little town called Macondo to And man, it was like 10 miles to the closest gas station because the candle was like down and up down in the hole. And uh so that's the first thing
and everyone told me when we moved there was like, well it's not if you hit a deer it's when you hit a deer because we're right in the Middle East honesty National Forest. And they were sick, I mean sick and my wife goes crazy because here in man itude, they're all over there up and down the street all the time. She cannot keep plants out because they just kill them you know They eat them right
up.
any kind of flowers. Yeah And
the lady at the start of the summer we had a lady here have been attacked by a bear and she got in you know she was just walking up from work and a cub came running out and got close to her and then of course mama bear went nuts you know? Uh So that was kind of scary. She got pretty seriously injured from that so
you
never know.
it's too bad.
They didn't have the last though.
I haven't
seen any snakes here. Um
Well
I
I grew
up in southern California and we used to go camping in the desert
and I used to run across a lot of snakes out there.
they're very poison it. Yeah.
No.
Well
people
Ro
man.
All
Yeah, it's probably
keeping
warm.
garter snakes.
No,
down no down
it's
like I don't want to know that.
Well you're definitely not going to run into snakes, Chicago man, I mean unless
you're way out of the
All
I bet.
But
And
I'm having what sound Yeah.
Well
you said you said you were retired so the Covid thing didn't really slow you down.
It's very
that's
good.
All
Well, do you know anybody that that got
Covid?
How
did he do, did he get like super
Yeah. I I don't know. I haven't looked at it for a while because I've worked from home for like the last 10 or 15 years. So really nothing changed that much for us. We just started getting more
grocery deliveries instead of going
in.
Talk to
you.
Brain.
You
got
to go
for
that. Yeah.
Where?
That's
good?
man.
No,
that's a double whammy man. Yeah,
That's
that's not
good
everywhere.
That's absolutely right.
Yeah. It kind of defeats the purpose, doesn't it?
Good.
Right.
That's good.
Shit,
you've got
to be careful, man. Hey,
do you know what time we started this conversation?
Where's
that?
20?
Yeah,
I
think we're
Because
if
you got
here
for a wine, that absolutely, I'm glad that we both got to hop on and make a little money today. Have
you have? All right. We'll have a great
day.
All right. All