Hi,
how are you,
honey, what's your name? I'm pam.
Well, a j good to meet you.
Well, I think that's kind of fun. I like it. Yeah, you sound like you might have a little bit of an accent from somewhere.
Oh no, you didn't just then I thought you had like a little british accent. Mhm. No, no.
Yeah, I think so. I think so. Well, I'm in Dallas, we're about to you. Yeah. Uh huh. I used to live outside Chicago in a little town called cattle carol stream. Did you ever hear that?
Um
Yeah.
Mhm.
Okay. I love it up there. I love it. When I was younger, I wanted to move into the city really badly from carol stream. Wasn't a really hot place for a person just out of college. Um but wow, trying to reverse commute, working, live in the city and commute out. Didn't work. Mm.
So will
you say down, so you must be up more toward Wisconsin then, where you are? Yeah. Cool, cool. I
used
to come
well I used to have a hiking group that I came up there, got together with once a year or I, they were all in Barrington, like kind of that area like Zurich and so I always take the train out and meet up with them and then we go on one time we went up dog sledding in the upper peninsula of michigan, that was fun.
yeah, my friend lives right by a big preserve that has a whole history behind it and got kind of renovated. Cool,
come on
number.
Well,
so what do you do?
Mhm
that's awesome,
I'm
always looking for stuff like that as like a side gig, you know? Um
well
all right. Yeah well I just kind of feel you can see I've got a few decades on you and I just feel that it's great to have multiple income streams you know. Um And you really see it during covid it's like wow you know if you're dependent on one company it can be hard you know whereas if you're kind
of diversified. Yeah.
Well I think it's fun. I think I learned things from prolific. Um There was one study that I did that had something to do with like um the genome the genomic information that you did it out of. Um uh we call it ancestry and stuff and they have to work this software program that said well if you've gone to ancestry and your grandfather went to ancestry now all that information is out there. and so what are the chances that people can figure things out about you that maybe you want to keep private? It was like wow I never thought about all that stuff before. I just spent the whole thing and got my ancestry done thinking oh that's kind of fun but I didn't understand all the other implications you know?
No
only
wow that sounds kind of cool. So I've never seen that one coming up. This is the only
video.
No.
Yeah. Yeah I should probably review preferences then. Huh? Thanks thanks
for
reminding me
The only
time
I had yeah the only time I had a problem was there was one it was really kind of long. Um And I and it popped up like five times and I thought I guess they want to see how, how I build on what I learned from taking it before. Well, they only paid me once out of five times and I got back with the author and you know, said, hey, I kind of think you should
probably cover me because I really did take this and I met the criteria. I didn't hear anything back. But normally it's not like that, you know, I think it's a lot
of fun.
Yeah. Yeah. So have you done this particular one a few times?
That's awesome. That's awesome. Well, you staying safe up there everybody,
I'd
say.
It
Well.
So
you still
think that
I don't
understand?
So what do you do instead?
Remember.
stuff,
it's simple.
I can remember that up there that got bitter cold the day I left.
Oh well okay, you're gonna laugh at me but when I lived up there um you know, I was kind of like to do just out of college and bought me a little MGB worst car to have up there, you know what it is? Little convertible, little british convertible, terrible. They don't even work that well to start with let alone in the freezing cold. So everybody said if you keep this car and you stay up here, you're gonna have to have a car heater. But typically every, I'd get up really, really early in the morning, try the car if it didn't start and I would have to take this whole elaborate bus route and everything out
to
where I worked and It was crazy. It was 56 below with the Windchill the day I left Chicago, I tried five
hours to start that car.
Uh It was wild. But
When
you know, I can see that we don't have much fall here, you know, kind of say you blink and it's gone, you know, we don't have that gorgeous, gorgeous turning of the leaves and it's just not like that.
So.
I didn't even realize you got much in the way. The hell we get that all the time. It's like crazy here, you know?
I
mean.
That's
um We had an interesting time in the last few days. My mom is 91 and she called us and said she lives in a senior living place, not not assisted, not what they call the nursing home, right? But
she said, I've been exposed and they won't tell me who and they won't tell me how. And you know, I can't share that info, right? So she just got her test back today though, that said she's negative. So we're all like, yeah. But uh That was a little scary
91.
No.
And
I bet. Well, because yeah, it gets a little scary having people come in, but yeah. Yeah. Well, mom is pretty surprised. She doesn't have anybody taking care of her, but she doesn't want to drive anymore. She doesn't want to make her own meals before Covid. She said, wow. For the first time in my life, it's all about me. We said really? The first time, the very first time really? But she said, yeah, I get up in the morning and I just go, what do I want to do today? Yeah, I have to worry about doing anything. We're like, yeah, pretty, pretty sweet life mom.
Not. Yeah, but she got overwhelmed having a home because there was always something whence dad was gone. There wasn't anybody to kind of keep it all up well except for me and that wasn't happening. Yeah. Mhm. Your brothers and sisters. Mm hmm.
Yeah. If I have 11 brother, sure,
mine's a couple years younger. Is yours up that way?
good.
Already,
where do you go to college?
Really? Like ou Oklahoma. Oh
we
got
to lose.
Oh big journalism school there.
Mhm. That's awesome. Well we got a little flag flying outside our house that says, oh you on it. My husband, my husband went there. My stepson went there. Big
big
sooners and
Did you visit him down there?
In fact,
The
only
condition,
that's
where I was going with it. I wondered if you remember the campus? It was, I think it's lovely.
But it still was a great place to spend some time.
You
will not
cost,
you know,
nothing
in texas like out of austin or where?
So I figured
because
that's
where
all the
film,
yeah, that's where
the
film
stuff is happening.
definitely.
no. Well,
That's pretty different librarian to film. Pretty different.
that's
sad. I'm sad.
And that's pretty amazing.
that is true,
You're
kidding. So so what? Okay, so he's editing? Oh getting ready to get newspapers out.
Uh uh huh That's wild. I forgot about, I remember I had the Dallas morning news as an account many years ago and
that's the whole world I don't know very much about, you know?
mhm
well
everybody's kind of stuck right now, you know? And I have to keep telling people like my mom that too, she's like, oh my gosh, I'm going nuts, I can't do this and I'm like mom, the world's like that, you know, Unfortunately we're gonna have to get another six or 12 months and then we do other things. I love how people are kind of getting creative though right now, you know? Um trying to make the best of it,
trying to keep a sense of humor, you know? I
know, I know, I know. Yeah. Well, what do you do for fun mouse and during all this?
Okay. So tell me what that is exactly because I've heard of it, but I don't think I could explain it.
I'm
sorry.
Benefit
so.
So
how do you get started with that? Like you sign up for a particular.
then
system,
just
something.
The
hips.
Yeah,
I got you. Yeah.
You
know
what?
This
is,
I love
it though. That's a great, I'm gonna be Googling that after this now one A little
more.
I love it. How far away do you go?
No.
Mm. That is so cool though, that's cool. So with just like straight hiking, where's the biggest hike you've taken?
I
guess
I
Mhm.
I'm actually
standing
innovation
in this space.
Well I hike down to the bottom of the Grand Canyon and back
George's lovely if you ever do the Grand Canyon um stay at the bottom for an extra night we went down wasn't enough time, it really would have been fun to stay one more night and room around down there because the only way you get there is hiking or by the mule train you can't get there any other way. So
Yeah. So how did you find out about that? How did you know about a haunted house in Georgia?
That's
hilarious. That's not and it was worth it.
No
get
back.
People
Thank
you.
Excuse
me.
So
where
would Okay so you said this is in Georgia like if I wanted to google it how would
I
find
it? Huh,
brutally.
I want that.
That's
crazy though, I never heard of such a thing as a haunted forest I mean other than in fairy tales you know
you're
giving
me all these things to google afterward now. Yeah.
How
am I?
and so
we was this was your dad on
this
one
too? Uh
keith
trimble.
I
was
thinking
I think that's cool that you have this thing that you and your dad liked to do. That's that expensive.
That's
great.
Thanks. Good.
You forgot
that forced though is a cool idea. And honestly, I've never heard of such a thing.
No.
Don't you think?
now,
where
was this?
Where is this 1?
Okay. All right, so I gotta go google this stuff. All right,
well, thanks for sharing all this info.
That
is interesting
bellamy.
care. Come away.