Hi.
Oh I'm doing all right.
I'm Andrew j doesn't make a difference to me really. Mm
I'm recalling me A J. But you know I don't really care.
I don't think I do but you know maybe
No it's probably just something to do with the with the connection maybe or something.
I've been there before to uh
to do some stuff money. No, I don't I don't live really near
that. I lived more in the uh suburbs.
Six Chicago is about an hour away from where I am.
My dad my dad grew up in Chicago you know? And so he has a he has a lot of good memories there and can tell me some stories and whenever we go down there for stuff you know it's uh he can he still knows a little bit the way the neighborhood you know uh is. But I could never I'd like to live maybe a little closer to a big city, you know? But I couldn't imagine like living in one or anything, it would just be too hectic for me or anything, you know.
Well
with
the Wisconsin
border, Wisconsin borders a few minutes from my house.
that sounds cool. Yeah, I've been to Barrington affair but there's a lot of good force deserves out there that I like type. Well
uh it's
it's the white distance words, you know, it's close
enough that I can go out there, you know, on my own and be all right with all that stuff, you know? Well,
well
um I work from home for an internet job, right? Um
I work from home for an internet search engine, evaluation company.
It's boring, you know? But it's uh it's a stable work from home job which you know what we the whole pandemic thing is uh I'm glad to have it, you
know?
it would be better I think as a side gig because that's why I did prolific a little bit, you know to get a little bit more stuff. But it's You at least the one, do, You can't you couldn't really make like a stable living off of it I don't think, you know because they capped the amount of hours you can work at 10 a week, you know? But for what it is it tastes pretty well and there were other positions
that you could get more hours for, but they didn't hire me for any of those.
beginning
helps I that's one of the reasons I did political little bit was for uh was for when I wasn't getting enough hours, you know? Um it could fill in the blanks and now that I am getting enough hours again, it's just a little bonus.
mm. Yeah I I did one that was about what they wanted to, it was
another webcam thing where they wanted to examine your facial expressions when you were viewing like fine out you know pictures which I thought was pretty,
you know.
I just
do I just do the ones that you know appear based on my preferences and all that stuff. But that one was some of the other ones
are can be kind of boring but that one was actually kind of interesting you know.
This
makes,
yeah, just to make sure you vance and all of them like fairly or anything. I've only been I've only been screened out of like a couple surveys. You know that's what that's what that's what this is, that's what I used to do. I used to do stuff is like a side thing on like amazon with their enter programme but you spend so much time just answering questions to determine whether they would accept you and they almost always didn't and then they didn't pay you for that. So I like prolific where you can answer all the questions beforehand and then only ones that there's a almost guaranteed that they're not going to we reject you out of hand for, you know, is
I
like that
or
No,
I haven't had any I haven't really had any repeats at least so far that I've seen other than these ones, but these are intended to be repeats.
Mhm. This is both is my 4th. Can do it six. So I'm going to keep going to try and do it twice more if I can.
that's
one of
the things, yeah, that's one of the things, you know, my my parents forbade me from going into Wisconsin because Wisconsin is apparently the worst state that's been, you know, hit right now, you know? But I didn't really see the reason because you know, I was just going out to some places, you know in the woods where I wouldn't be around anyone, but
they were a little concerned. So yeah, I've been sticking close to home mostly, you know,
honestly honestly, you know, my life hasn't changed that much since the pandemic is because I didn't really have much of a that
much of a social
life
before
this.
So I haven't, I miss uh miss going to gym, I used to go jim a lot, you know, it's just not safe, you know
what I won, you know when I can, you know like every other day, you know, I go on walks, I go on bike rides, you know when I can, you know, So it's not it's
not the same, you know, like once we hopefully get a vaccine or something, I'd uh uh I'll go back to the gym as soon as I can, you know, because it's uh it's safer and it's that's it puts less stress on like my joints than
wanting, you know? And also winter
is coming, so that's gonna be that's gonna throw a little bit of a is there in that baby. We're trying like one through snowdrifts and stuff like that, but
we had we had the Polar vortex one time. That was so that that was so bad that I had to like wear a lead to wear like a coat and a sweater in the car with the heat act. It was it was a nightmare.
I
want
it can be
yeah it can it can it can be pretty bad up here too.
I like fall you know as far as seasons go which is like you know I'm winter is
not really my thing hold that all is actually part of my favorite season. Mhm.
I mean
it's uh it was it was it was hailing here recently so you know it's yeah it's been a very it's been it's been a weird weather pattern. Yeah
I normally don't expect and you know still
waiting out
you know but you know I wouldn't have expected it in like you know october
but what can you do? Oh
Go
What?
Yeah I know my my dad's, my dad's aunt is 90,
he's 1993 or 92 you know who's uh he worries about her when it comes to this stuff because he still lives he still uh he still lives in her own home but it's in a it's uh he has a lot of AIDS in now like you
know a nursing you know like while the clock stuff a little bit you know and he he worries about you know all that stuff.
Well might
one
I want to use a couple years older than me.
He lives with us yeah
PCBs uh he came back he came back from college and he actually has a like a full time work from home job. So you
know he's uh
Oklahoma University you gotta you gotta film degree there.
Sooner
you
got
film degree and a minor in journalism I think.
I don't know if he got the minor and that. I know he I know he got a four year film degree because he's a he's a huge you know, movie buff.
What
what?
he uh he he worked on the newspaper while he was there you know and played like intramural basketball and stuff like that, you know you like that I think
oh God we dropped them off and we picked them up. I don't remember if we visited him, we might have I don't remember, we might have came down for like a commencement, you know, I remember that because we got
stuck where we couldn't get
out,
we couldn't
find a flight out for a while so we basically had to spend like four or 5 days you know with nothing to do Willie you know? But we came down you know it's it's a beautiful campus down there
you know
uh He he like he liked it I think but he's not really uh I don't think he had much pride you know in being like you know a sooner or anything. It was more like he sort of a means to an end or anything. He's not really one of the school spirit kind of people you know
you know it got him he got he got him a degree and he got like you know he got an internship out of it
which
in
texas
excellent which
turned out which turned into a job so
out of boston. Yeah he
he
lived
he
lived
he
lived in uh he lived in Austin for a little while
you
know.
Working
yeah working in well he wasn't he um he had its newspapers he didn't manage to get a film job you know? But he's a he's an editor you know? Um So he worked he worked in an office there and then
eventually even before the whole pandemic thing they said you can just work from home so now you know he uh he does all that from home, he hates it but you know it has like complete health insurance and pays really really well so he's kind of he's kind of stuck with it but you know he hates it
I think he wants to get like a film job or something like that you know or he actually wanted to be a librarian you know before this whole thing hit. But it's always sort of stuck in that right now.
it is but he I think he'd he'd make less but you know he's I think he'd be a lot happier, you know, it's hard to talk to him sometimes because you know I love him but it's like his his job just sort of like depresses him too, you
know?
I would take it you know, I can get something if I could get something like that. You know? I probably you know would you know like he he has he has a like schedule down with like I think he he works like eight hours but he can make it to where he can actually just like work four or 5 hours. Like he has enough time to like you know play video games and watch movies and listen to albums well working. And I'm like that's that seems pretty good to me.
I mean it's a night job, you know? So some of the problems is he he has uh insomnia issues from time to time, You know, like it's
it's sometimes like a 6 to uh two in the
morning thing sometimes.
Yeah, for the next day,
he probably he probably he probably had is that because it's a it's a it's a syndicate, you know? Uh Yeah, it's not a texas that does newspapers for like all the Southern States site. Yeah,
I don't know much about it either, but you know, he's mm
I think if you could find if he could find a way out, you know, but he can't really right now, you know?
Well
Boom.
So all you can do right now, I suppose
I'm doing this. I'm a big geo caster, I do a lot of Geo Castle.
So um you use uh it's where you use a GPS device, like the one you use in your car only. It's a hand held
you
know uh object and you go to various places
and like find hidden containers in places. It's basically like a high tech scavenger hunt. You know
where you putting coordinates and like you know go to a place and like search and use your powers
of observation.
You can get a free account on geo casting dot com. You
know I
started I started with like a really like cheap GPS that
cost just like you know 100 bucks or
anything but it wasn't very good as far as accuracy. And then I moved on to more and more stuff you know it combines the things I like it. I like hiking and I like going
out
in nature you know? But sometimes I feel that hiking without like a purpose
kind of just makes feels a little too aimless and I get to kind of like lost in my own had sometimes.
So it's more like you know I go to I still I hike
but
I
go to places you know and then I use my brain but sometimes
you know
I sometimes I feel I don't use enough
you know?
you
know it's something I can do with my family from time to time my dad comes on the occasional one with me.
Oh there's a lot, there were a lot near my house you know? But I went after those first so now the more most of the ones near me are further away, you know uh near me. I go on so you have to go a little bit further away. I went on, well I went on saturday to um
was it Lake Villa you know? Um Which is up near a little bit like further than Darrington. You know what up near there there was this place called Hastings Lake which there was a series of like 11. Uh Yes it's all around like this lake trail you know that I went for. So I I hiked probably about like a couple miles you know? And it was it was really it was really nice. It was a really windy day yesterday not yesterday saturday.
The biggest hike I've taken, what I just went out to hike you know I don't know I probably I I tend to do my ones tend to be you know I'm related to like geo casting you know there's a there's a conservation area around here. I like to hike a little bit you know? But I don't really I don't really hike for you know uh I don't want to do like long
hikes for like you know
pleasure that much or anything. I used to
I used to I used to sometimes hike I walk, I used to walk or bike from here into like you know a neighboring uh uh
town
which ended
up being like
you know 10
11 miles you know? And I used to do that you know? I think it was more like it was a combo biking and walking though.
Mm I wanted I wanted to go at some point. My uh my my parents went but I haven't, I haven't I haven't been to most of the, I haven't been that much outside my state for the most part, you know the the furthest I got was Georgia.
The reason uh the reason I went to Georgia was probably should have done more like scenery stuff in Georgia. The reason I went to Georgia is there's a which is safe right now, you know? But there was a really, really great haunted house in Georgia, you know? And like me and my dad went down, we uh we got cheap airfare and we flew down to to go to The Haunts
I think I saw it on the Travel channel documentary, You know? That is like the top 13 most scary haunted houses, you know, or something and
it was amazing.
Yeah, it was it wasn't as scary, you know because it was so busy that there was a big crowd of people, you know. But the amount of like money and effort they put into that, you know, was was amazing. There's this
there's there's this phenomenal
effect
there that it's so hard to describe. But they have this thing they do with mirrors, we're using mirrors and like reflecting tunnels basically. They they do this thing where you where it makes it seem like you're at the bottom of like this,
you know fathoms deep like you know mind staffed and you know, you're not but it's so it's hard to
describe
and I I wish I could figure out exactly how they did it because it was one of those things that just sort of like inspired like
are
in me a little
bit,
you know,
And
so
I never walk
another war. Netherworld is the name of the haunt
any th e O world I went to I went to a couple down there but that was like the main one. You know it's Netherworld you know in Georgia you know is one of the ones, you know, arabists in michigan is one of the well regarded ones. You know, I've been to I've been to a bunch of uh Illinois, you know? Not so much now because of the whole covid thing. And I think there's still a bunch that are open and I've heard that like haunted forests are reasonably safe you know because they're
outside, you know? But I still don't want to risk it have anything, you know?
But
Well yeah
but maybe
like
I would hardly recommend like Netherworld that was like one of like to haunt trips we did, which the other one was uh we went to Missouri to uh go to uh the darkness creepy world. And uh Lemp Brewery which was which he had like the coolest location was Lemp Brewery because it was it was built into like the locks like underneath like this brewery,
you know?
But you know, so we hit up we hit up like, I don't know if we hit up all three in one night and we hit up like 31 on one night and two on the other ones. You know
the thing
just
my
dad.
my my mom is not you know interested in anything scary and my brother like scary movies but
he also
doesn't like you
know
doing
things really. So
we were still we were before the before Covid hit, we were planning on doing something and maybe uh maybe Louisiana you know or uh Ithaca new york you know, but ain't safe right now
going
on the house, haunted houses are easily one of the places that's going to come back the
furthest because the whole point of that is that your close to people and they jump get into your
face and scare you.
Yeah there were there were I think a couple in Illinois you know? But I didn't um I didn't uh do that or anything. You know, I've had some really good memories and
like haunted haunted houses. You know one of my probably my favorite. Um And then that probably should be the end of our thing. I think we hit the, but probably the best haunt I've ever been to if it's uh if it's based on like what you get for your money is. Um I went to I went to a place in Mount carroll in Illinois called the Ravens grin in which is a haunted house. But you know, we visited during the off season because it's open, you know as long as you call ahead and like the owner, they're basically took us on a tour for about like three hours, you know through the whole place. And it's just it wasn't scary but it's just a
really weird and cool place with like they had this this couch you know that you didn't know it was actually a pneumatic so the couch would like you know jump you into the air you know? And they had they had they had this slide from like the attic into the basement which I actually chickened out of. You know what? My dad went down and it was just it was it was the monument to basically this one guys visit. You know and
I
I
I appreciate that.
That's an amount kill in Illinois.
Okay
yep no problem. Thanks for
doing
the conversation and all that
stuff. I gotta go fill out the rest of the uh survey and all that stuff. All
They say bye.