Hello
this is an enemy.
Oh this is funny. Did you click the arrow on the other screen? Yeah.
Okay so you should see a time of below. Use it to keep track of how long if you have your conversation. Okay. Oh this is so what do we talk about this saying to miss it?
well I got something to talk for 20 minutes section so where are you located?
Oh fine I was born actually in California but I live now in Georgia.
actually tried.
I am 23.
Well it was exciting. Mhm
I actually just graduated May my master
so no more school for me. So
I did the accelerated track But are you starting I'm guessing you've finished high school already.
More?
didn't really are
did you finish earlier?
Well I guess I grudge well maybe I was 18 when I started college. I don't know all the years are messed
up.
Mhm
I'm stranded here. Not always to like save money for sure.
it's more of its nice. Yeah. Georgia has this thing called a hope scholarship but as long as you have the three point out they cover 80%. But even then depends what school you go to. So could be expensive.
I did accounting so so so thrilling
On this one. Are you thinking about
for further than that? Like my student
stuff
don't you know?
wow. 1 7 Masters. That's that's it for me.
So um I actually didn't college in 3.5 years so I had a job in january of last year and then I was going to quit in august of last year to do my masters. But then but then they let my boss go to like please do, so I worked there part time and they hired me back on full time and May luckily this year,
no under my full time since May. So but everything of course is from home, so it's experience,
it's kind of interesting. Well my mom still goes, I live at home but my mom still goes to the office because she only has one other person. But my dad works on uh forward so he has to go and I can't bring cars home so so I'm just home grandma. And then but I mean it's quite different, a lot more meetings for sure. And I've had so many meetings before, I used to have like once a month but now it's like one a day for sure. It's kind of like hi how you doing at a meeting, what are you working on? Remember that? And then what's funny is we changed accounting systems and I was supposed to, we're in Denmark But obviously didn't happen. So we had a lot of meetings at like 7:00 AM to like, and the systems does
not fun. I'm not really a morning person.
So,
but luckily I was home, they put like an alarm for like 6:55. Yeah, like just a little laptop. How are you, are you working or just look at home, report an apartment.
So.
Since, right. I remember taking that many classes was different. I like to keep myself busy. So I always took six glasses.
It didn't help to like I had two jobs to before and so I lived in apartment now I got home, but at the time when I was in my permit I didn't realize, wow, it's so expensive. I can't see much like California looking that's like crazy.
Yeah, that's true. It depends. At least you're not like the city city. Mhm.
Wind I like to believe decor and I'm sitting on my bed if you want to go now.
You're
funny.
It's always fun.
Like
reading everything.
was
cripples.
So you do anything for fun or just at home every day? Like me
keep
two.
I have
one thing to do before like alternate houses every month.
My other friend I don't want to see because he's always seeing people. So I was like, so we watch movies like at our own houses. But we'll start at the same time and we'll text each other and move. It was just fun.
Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. This world changes soon. I'm sad.
No, I missed like getting out and you know, I love food too much. Yeah.
then my daily outings are public.
That's the door.
Press
and
then I don't know if you guys do this, but maybe because we're extra since my grandma's 80 but we like, like, like like all the foods we buy, because that's what you said to do, we wash everything
Oh I know,
I feel so bad. I mean I don't work for my Master's, graduating is already walked on the road. I feel so bad for like people graduated high school and um what's going underground? Because I don't know, it's like a big deal.
I would
also run.
What?
I have one other sister, she's a year younger than me and she just graduated undergrad, but like she's not doing school anymore, She just became a nurse, but like she wanted to walk and I'm like, I'm sorry, but they rescheduled it to december, but I doubt that's going to happen
because they've been canceled
on. I don't know. It's supporting isn't everything who knows. We'll see. I guess. So. All right. You know, traveling, Unfortunately, that's my favorite thing to do. I spend my money, I'm traveling. So let's punch out.
See I didn't want to study bras in college. She definitely
recommend, I did five weeks in spain because I want to learn spanish more better. My mom and grandma speak spanish, but my life a little bit. So, so that was kind of fun doing that because I've never been away from my family from like more than a few weeks. So that was like sharp and then I went to Portugal and weekend I was there. So that was kind of cool and then that same somewhere else went to two weeks in china with my sister. So that was really fun. And then uh this year brad Davis Costa rica. So that was super fun to, I like doing a huge group swiss school, it's kind of fun.
Yeah, you can travel on your own two in advance. We actually left early because we love Disney. So we went to shanghai in china which was really interesting.
I have.
tom.
Now it does get expensive. I took, I took a few loans and so I did that and now bring playing back. But I mean I wanna didn't know when I was going to be able to do that. Like for instance like the five weeks in spain like a lawyer. Normally we'll let you off that much and that was important for me. Mm
I don't know.
I've never been more than, because my college was three hours away because I wanted to get the, you know, out of home experience. But I also wanted to come home. But also I live in the suburbs of like Atlanta, the city heard the capital, but I didn't want to, but that's still drivable an hour. So I like didn't really want to do that. So I chose Augusta. I don't know if, you know, like the masters golf tournament. That's where they're kind of known.
Yeah, I don't know. I didn't know either. So I was, but it's kind of like the, you know, the football Super Bowl is kind of like that, like Super Bowl. Like everybody from Australia in London. Well, shipping the United States when I was like, holy carol, I never need this existed in a customer in Georgia for all I knew, but maybe one day, I don't know. Like my parents, they looked everywhere because my mom's from Miami and then she flew all the way to California until and they live there and then they chose all the way back and came to Georgia. And I'm like, oh, it's such a huge leap. Like, you know, you're like over here like across the side of the U. S. But I mean, I think will be different. I don't know. I think it might be kind of hard like friends and stuff, but I guess that's why you joined groups or something at all. Have you ever federal activities or something? I don't want to be closed like a b like a state above or something. I don't know. But here's really country, if I've been like up to like Tennessee, I don't know. I'm not really the type of version employers like waiting on it was like, you like south Carolina.
right. Yeah. All cities, but it's so expensive to live in the city. All right.
I like the summer feeling because it's a little cheaper.
All right.
Yeah, I was born in San Francisco, the suburbs, but I can't remember the city's forgive me. But there's like this 17 mile like trail and it's just so pretty around there. I think it's cause now I don't know, but it's really pretty,
But of course it's just was like super expensive to live there. Mhm.
Sorry. I don't know. I don't know if you hear the texting, they look like to turn it off.
I mean,
that's okay. Actually, it won't be on a call because she always walks in and she's like, what are you doing?
Yeah. Even when I'm in meetings like my family, like because they stare at me and I'm like, you guys like go, okay.
Actually. So my friend, she works at a university and she does a lot of research studies for her job. And then she joined prolific and told me about it. And I was like, that sounds kind of fun because I used to do surveys a lot when I was like 12-15 because you know, little kids always want something And I don't know, it's 12 weeks. It's just having using like years and it's like Worth basically nothing. You get like spent a whole hour and get like 50 cents. And then I thought I'd try this and I was like, wow, these are actually really need surveys.
Who
wants.
yeah, I know. Because I've been at home now and I'm like, well I want to do something besides just watching netflix all day,
No, for
Hi.
you're trying to count. And so she was math. Yeah,
that was the only thing I loved my mouth class because I never studied for any exam or anything, so just good at it.
Yeah. Yeah, correct. Uh But actually it's not even that much math now. It's like that's just looking at like the numbers and say like everything fits and stuff like it's just like adding or minus thing. Honestly, maybe you multiplies a few things, but it's actually really simple Mile roughly. My friend's dad is an accountant and it's crazy like Alberta Superstore and it'll be like, we have a six pack of beer. Oh it's $8.00, it's this much per can in this house. My mother get maybe one day. Mm Oh I got into ruling amazon products for fun. Yeah, I didn't know this existed but also, and one day I got like an ad on facebook and then every reviews instead of wasn't scanned. So I tried and then now I get a
bunch
of companies like none of like try this product, write a review. So it's like kind of fun. So
that's fine. Other side, Hustle one on board. Yeah.
that's
something that my friend told me.
no, no, it's not much.
I actually had a kind of trouble with prolific in the beginning and I was wondering, I am my friend. So you know like those questions that you have to do about you? Well like I did them all and then my friend did them all and then you know over time they had like a couple additional questions. But I was wondering, so it's like I took mom only had like a few questions already answered and they do in like first ways, you know one of almost like do you smoke you? Also I put no one and another one question. I'd be like, how often do you smoke? No, it doesn't look so it's addressing. But then I realized I finally emailed discipline. I'm like, hey, I already surveys and I'm like, oh yeah, we just test a few people out and pull you out to just verify your like a person. So I was like, okay,
I have used it like a couple weeks now to, I did my first cash out actually yesterday, which was actually really and already got the money. I was like $15 or something around there. So.
Yeah. My financially to make sure you check like the currency rate and see if it's like if it's like high that day or anything because then you get paid more to but I didn't think about, I think it was yesterday 1:18. Okay. But yeah, washing This one pays a lot for the video I will
show.
Yeah. There's another survey that I tried before. It's really interesting. So it's um it like makes you think you're going to talk a person but you're actually not talking person, I'll be like what you expect to talk to someone. And I was like,
it was
and they're like, why do you think you don't talk to anyone? Were you having temple difficulties? So And I've done that twice. I keep them popping up for me. I don't know. I don't know why, but I've done it twice.
Do you ever like click on a survey? And I was like, sorry, you don't qualify? And I'm like, well why didn't my bead
I'm going
to
drive
them? And I was like, I don't.
Yeah. My friend told me about that too. She's the one who told me all book prolific. But I finally had this extension which was good. You know? At first it creeped me out because like there's a guy is talking to you.
Yeah. This Yeah. You have a study was like how?
yeah, I'll be like one. I was like, are often things or you must accept it. And I clicked on one study once and I didn't look at the time and it was like 40 minutes to look great.
Yeah. I was actually ended up being a pre screening to like if you qualified. So it was like maybe five minutes or something around there.
No. Like is it kind of safe? We're good. Mhm. Yeah.
For me it says 28 but I think we're going to buy me one
other.
I actually started like a timer on my phone. It says 25 minutes and 30 seconds. Because I was just curious because at first it's like like in seconds. So it's like camel on the same seconds.
No, no, no. Those are kind of fun. Many persons possible. You know, I like not too far, but
I'm not I never defend your child with You wanted to know I mean just in the beginning, like you don't know anybody until they from your friends,
Right? I have to tell my friend from I do prolifically should be like, how do you talk to somebody?
I know. It
sounds
like I wonder what person I get. What did they make you talk about? A great is it going to be about situations today? Because then you know this guy get key to depending on what kind of people they are.
I was wondering that too. Like what? Not like anything bad with an older person. But like I mean I understand the workers are like 15 older so
I'm not saying
this person there And then the next person is like 15 years older than me. So yeah, it's kind of fun. My coworker actually. And she is kind of funny. Uh she she went to this was before COVID but she showed me the video of herself bankrupt and toilet paper. And I was like really 55. I was like what are you doing? My mom doesn't do those things. I just thought it was funny. But I guess sure we call it my conversation.
I
think
we click the arrow when I was screened with a timer.
Mhm Look like it.
How was your technical quality?
20 minutes did you spend? I'm gonna put 30 right? If you're partnered O N. Terminus, you waited for them. Right. But that's two questions conversation with life changing. Yeah. I wonder if I like records in and they have to like watch them each one.
That's like a lot of videos to watch, isn't it?
Yeah. Well I read that part too close, you know, I always wonder doesn't actually record. Okay. You got to do is just yourself for a little. Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm. So I guess we close up the screen now and do the rest of the questions. Oh,
I don't write at the same time, but it was nice meeting. You
have a great day.
You know
what time of the last
three,
3.30? I always have to thank California time because I talked to a lot of people.
Right.
Oh
no, I'm Ashleigh I guess
during my sleep.
Bye.