Yeah. Uh huh. Don't get don't get
hi
you know what I mean to and
no not yet
alan I don't think so I just said yeah. Um Anything really? Yeah.
I'm in California
that's cool. Um
How old are you
and 18 Gonna Be 19 Next Month?
Mhm. Are you in school still or working or
demographics?
that's it.
Yeah I graduated in 2019
and I just finished my first year a college and may.
Right.
No what do you mean by early
I'm
kind of younger. I should be I am younger than like most people and migraine. Yeah. Uh
I'm at a community college right now and then I'll be transferring next fall.
Yeah I haven't had to pay for my tuition. It's been covered so I have saved
Mhm. What did you bedroom
I'm doing psychology.
Um I think
I do want
to come by
wanted to my doctorate and become like a clinical psychologist and work with Children. Yeah. Yeah.
Do you are you have you found a job yet or are you still looking or?
Oh, that's good.
Yeah. How has it been for you? But the whole like staying home and stuff?
grandma.
Yeah, I mean
there.
No, I'm just doing school right now. I'm thinking about looking for a job this semester since
we're at home anyways And I'm taking four classes and spring semester had six classes, so it's gonna be a lot easier for me. But yeah, I'm thinking about it since I'm looking to transfer next year, so I need all the money I can get. They also and just see how things go this semester.
Mhm. Yeah, that was me. There's a lot for me, but one of them was a lab, so it wasn't too bad, but it was still like just a lot. Mhm,
Yeah. But I live in like the central valley, so it's the cheaper. It probably like the cheapest place in California to live. But yeah.
mm.
Thank you. Yeah, I just moved into this new house, made my family like a couple months ago. So I had to like just decorated also
by
like okay mom.
And that's
what
yeah. Yeah, that's why I think this semester had six classes and then on top of that, in the beginning of the year we moved out of our old house. So I had to start packing and then this house wasn't ready. So we had to live in an apartment and then the whole pandemic happens and then it
was
just like a lot and then doing like the six classics, six classes, there was just, I love this work and things to do. Yeah, mm
pretty much
at home every day.
I don't really have anything to do or anywhere to go. But sometimes my one of my friends come over being it's just me and her that usually hang out and
so
yeah, but she's been coming over lately and we just watch like movies were just talking stuff. So that's been nice to actually have like in person.
Yeah. Right. Not too much.
Yeah, it's been hard, but
Yeah. And then now it's like really complicated I guess to go out and
Yeah, it's like
you have to worry about a lot more than we've
done
before.
Really through the heart. Yeah, I know a lot people are doing that too. Yeah, I'm just glad I graduated um, last year I was able to do everything
and
Yeah. Yeah. Because I think when I think back to light the end of mixing your year and like going to like, we went to Disneyland for like grab night, have like a senior sunset did graduation and
stuff
like, yeah, when I think about that, that's like happy memories. So when I'm feeling down or something, I think about that now, like seniors that graduated this year, getting it to get that experience. So they
just have to think about like all, like this negative stuff, which sucks. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, it's
time.
What are, where have you travelled to? Right
films?
Yeah, It sounds fun.
Also you've been to a lot of places.
Yeah, I haven't really been, I haven't really traveled a lot, I don't think I haven't even been out of California before. I've been like up and down California but Aragon a lot of places. Well
no, I like traveling I think.
Do you plan on staying in Georgia
jesus
Mm. No. Really? No.
Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. I think I want to stay in California. Yeah or I would I want to move to like Washington state if I found a job over there more likely like maybe like a city anything.
Uh
and I'll be like a big change compared to like what I'm used to and what I've grown up in, I used to break in a town like agriculture, you know, everywhere. So did the difference, but okay, Washington state seems like somewhere I like just because I know it's like cloudy a lot, but I think I prefer the cold then like the hot because it gets really hot here in the summer and play hot for majority of the year. So it'd be nice to like rip somewhere where it's cooler and I don't have to like worry about the heat, like sweating a lot.
Yeah. If I stayed here in California, I probably want to move kind of somewhere in northern California because I think I do like, like the greenery instead of like, um, like the beach. I feel like I prefer that instead.
Yes. Mhm, mm. Mhm.
it is.
That's fine. Burb. Hold on. Yeah. No, I'm busy. Hold on.
No, I'm fine. Okay. Sorry. That was my mom.
Yeah, that's what my mom just do a lot.
Mm. Why I was matches like why or how did you or why did you get like prolific or whatever.
Yeah, I think I found it um, on Tiktok, someone was talking about
like
another, like another, You can listen to music or songs when you get like three cents and then someone put in the comments like, Oh, you should try prolific. And so I looked it up and then I met an account and then I've been doing it for like two weeks already. Yeah. And then having just getting like extra money. That's cool too.
Yeah. And it makes me, for me, I like that. I'm going to be a part of like research. Like it's nice being a part of that. Yeah,
I just, yeah, I just finished taking that summer class for the research methods like psychology. So like being able to see like you know, part of it and then doing my own is cool because I can always
I thought about doing research in psychology but I don't know. I think I'd rather do like just clinical because I don't like it involves like math, all of that and all that stuff like that, but I'm not the greatest act. So
not not the biggest fan.
That's true. It doesn't easier but I don't know just for some reason my brain yeah, you thought the numbers and like the different like equations and stuff.
this is
what?
that's
Uh huh mhm I think I would, I was going to do, I heard about like the amazon and like mechanical turk or something were
you doing?
Yeah I think I tried doing it but then um I wanted to verify my identity, I put my information in and then it said like they couldn't verify it and I didn't really care because I didn't really want to do it anyway because it's so late. You're like three sense for like something. Sorry?
Yeah I thought and it's fine. I don't really need to do that if I'm doing fine. It's already
So how long have you been using it?
That's good. I think I was reading I think I got I got it on July 18 so I was just gonna wait until August 18 just so like I could get like a month and see how much I made before I cash out.
I
know I saw it. I think I saw the other day and I thought I don't know if I really want to talk to someone so I was like I just I probably won't do it and then I think it came up yesterday and I was like on the Stuart. Mhm.
I got
that one too a couple of weeks ago.
Uh huh. Yeah I think I've had some issues I had last week. I got some surveys that I had already done Pop up and then it was like one that you couldn't there was no repeat. So I had an ex out of it. I don't know why it gave it to me again. But yeah
I think there is one that
I
had
that.
Yeah. Are there? Sometimes they get like the notifications I had like the extension.
Oh yeah this is like a study.
Yeah but sometimes it gives me like studies and then I look at like how many places are available and it's like zero and I'm like
Yeah. But I think usually if they're longer it's more get paid more so.
Sure. Yeah. How long has it? Yeah.
So you can use it all the time? Mm This is 31 minutes. But
but then
it depends on on yeah because it's been taking my time ever since I came on this page.
Mhm. Home I guess we're done.
I think I've ever done anything like this before so.
Mhm. That's true.
Yeah because I don't even know if it was possible. I was like how
they do
work.
Yeah so I was worried about it. I was like, am I gonna get someone like around my age or like are they gonna be older?
so
I mean,
Yeah. Do we just
at
all just
I think so. It's so
crackling.
Hi.
I think when I was reading like the
Yeah, I think I was reading uh huh former, whatever it said that it was gonna be recorded.
Yeah.
I think so. Yeah.
Yeah, it was nice to meet you too.
You too and hope the rest of
quarantine
goes good
for you.
yeah. Right now it's 3:30 PM. Mhm. Okay girl.
Wait, what do we say our names? Uh
huh
And serena
Victory into action. Okay.
Hi.