Hello?
Can you hear me
awesome, How are you? How's your week going?
Yeah, this is your first time doing this?
was like my third time, but this was the smoothest has gone so far.
I think last time my mic was not working so I was panic, panicking and trying to figure out how to fix my mike thankfully right now it's working.
Where
are
you?
The
point?
Okay. I'm in Austin, we're pretty close by. Usually people are quite far. I'm Zane
nice to meet you. Um because Houston doing with this. Covid Madness.
It is our
top
basically.
Yeah, yeah. I was looking at the map of the cases
and it looked like I think Houston and Dallas and el paso or not looking great right now. Um
lots and lots of positive cases. I think Austin has been okay so far, like not super, a lot of cases,
but it's probably the smallest city out of all those, so that could be the reason fail. Um,
They are
kind of sucks. That's
writer
why,
But you know, I always thought that the major cities were fairly blue, you know, so I thought maybe you wouldn't get too bad,
but then I guess it also depends on everyone else that's not following the rules. Um, yeah, I mean sadly texas
is
largely Republican and
all right. I don't know why they're against the mask. Like, I don't know. And I don't know why they don't really
believe in what's happening kind of boggles my mind. Um, I have spoken to a few republicans about this and you know, I've asked them, I
was like, so like, um, why don't you believe in covid, why don't you believe in wearing mass? And they're like, well, the masks are just a slippery slope to more government, more government control. And I'm like, dude, like the mask. You know, it's not, you can take it off you want, you can put it on what you want. No one's controlling. You know, it's
easy thing, but
Yeah. I don't get it. I don't get it at all. Um, but uh, it's interesting. I didn't honestly, okay, like truth be told. I thought three or four months after March in april, I thought we would like to have this done, like we'd be done would be passed to like we find some new treatments, we figure out some kind of plan of action. Like whether it's contact tracing or quarantining or whatever. You know, I was like, surely the least they could do is look at some of the asian countries and just copy them. Just do exactly what they're doing and then we'll be fine like that. Time to implement that. And yet we couldn't do that for some reason. I don't know why. And here we
are.
Nothing
good.
Hey,
here,
that
helped me. Yeah. I mean, you know, like, I remember like I was on Tiktok and you would hear about COVID-19 happening in those countries. And like, even then before it really got to the States, people are really not taking
it
seriously
at all. Even though China
was telling
us
pretty clearly that this is not going away. And they were a very, very harsh lockdown. Uh, and even like, I think this is like december january and it was still kind of like a big joke. Like people are not taking it seriously, you
know?
It's not funny. Right? Exactly. I know same, same thing with me. I was like, it's not going to come here and you know, I actually work in a hospital and
a lot of the doctors I work, but they were not even concerned at all. They were like, it's not gonna make it here. Like there's no way. And and then, you know, it did come here and now it's really about and we're probably like the worst off then a lot of countries right now, we're probably breaking all the records in terms of mismanaging how this is spreading. So it's pretty,
pretty, pretty bad. And I think what sucks is that there's a bunch of cool holidays coming up and it's going to ruin a lot of people's plans. Or maybe it won't ruin they're planned and will just get worse. Just get worse and worse. Um So I don't know. What do you think was going to happen this winter
found
fucking
It was
so hard. Mhm. Yeah. That's kind of my hope too. It's like, let's get this vaccine. I'll be the first online. I don't even care as well. As long as it is approved by the FDA, I'll take it. Um So yeah, that's that's the big hope is the vaccine. Um I think the other hopeful thing I heard recently was, you know, they are learning how to treat it better. So it's not quite as dangerous in terms of people dying from it. Um Like, you know, people are still getting severely ill, but less people are dying from it and they were maybe like three or four months ago. So, I mean, that's a little bit of a hopeful thing. Um
Just because
the
doctors
have been are more experienced now than they were.
No.
What?
Yeah. I mean, if if the hospital capacities reach their maximum point, it's like not quite sure what they're gonna do. um there's not much they can do so down pretty bad, but on a lighter note, uh the democrats did well on the election or relatively
well
not as well as I go ahead,
I was just saying, you know, I was hoping for better results than what I saw, but but you know, good enough, I would say, but we did lose a lot of House seats that I wish we didn't lose.
What?
Yeah, I mean, there's a tiny tiny bit of hope left from the two Georgia runoff in the Senate, you know, I feel like Republicans will probably take those, but maybe if we try really, really, really hard, we can get 5050 senators In the standard and then Kamala Harris can be our 51 tie breaking vote. Uh but I don't know, it's kind of a pipe dream right now. Yeah. Mhm
so again
very
no I mean I don't vote for him in the primaries actually voted for Bernie, but um who did you vote for in the primaries
people?
Something?
okay yeah I mean uh the in the primaries I think they had Bernie Sanders joe biden, Kamala Harris, Pete Bridget um
was
beto
yeah I took from texas and I think there were quite a few other ones do is a pretty pretty big group of people um
but I kind of figured they would pick biden because he's kind of like the safe choice, you know like he was with Obama for eight years and people know his name uh you know they wanted to be safe I guess and that's who they picked um
yeah that's I think that's what they thought so too um they wanted to make sure it was someone not too liberal I guess. Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean it's pretty exciting though that Kamala got chosen for the vice president pick. Um
I
know,
what am I?
One of my friends really wanted her to win the primaries and you run for president. Um
Yeah, I mean she's definitely, I was watching the debates with her and mike pence and it was just like a world of difference between, I don't know if you watch them like you know Kamala was like I wanna was engaged and energetic and she had facial expressions
and you know she was laughing and then she was stern and you know she was a human being and mike Pence was just like no
emotional.
Yeah, like he was so un emotional and like just detached from everything. Um It was interesting to watch. Yeah. Yeah. I like Kamala, she's part South asian, which I'm south asian, so that's kind
What?
She's playing the field, you know, I guess, you know, went here when you're running for
office. You want to appeal to the most amount of people you can you can get away with.
I
mean
I mean Denswil democrats will not win without the black well, but
like
there's
uh huh there's no way they would win without without their support.
voting.
That's
great.
Something
is
wrong.
I think
we're working
It
sounds like,
who's going to lose them?
Hello?
that's true. That's very
true.
And I mean I was I was watching the election results and I was just shocked at how many people voted republican. Like it was like that there's a lot of republicans
out there, it's kind of scary. Um But you know, it's weird like they feel the same way, like if you talk to them, they're scared of the democrats. They're like, you're going to take away my guns, I'm really scared of that, you know? And I'm like, no one, but I don't know where guns we tried
really hard for the past many, many years and
nothing
has changed.
We are
Well,
often
you
need.
exactly. That's that's the thing like um it's they use these issues to sort of vote
against their own best interests, you know? That's what's
so
interesting.
50
Well,
Step.
You're
the
best.
No.
Yeah. Right. Yeah. That's the thing. Like sometimes I just don't understand what they're thinking. Um And like the thing is that I don't know very many of them, like I feel like my circle of people are not like that,
so it don't get to interact with half the population of the US, sort of like I don't know how they think and I don't know what they believe in. So it's interesting how he sort of surround ourselves with people, sort of their like minded um Yeah. Mhm. It's been an interesting couple of weeks, that's for sure
with the election,
you know?
Good people. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. And you know, I would wake up in the morning and I would check to see how they're doing and they're still counting, it's like, wow, it's a lot of counting going on.
Thank
you. Yeah, I mean, I think it has never taken this long in the history of elections probably, but I think the reason, I think the reason was that they got a lot of mail in ballots and I think it's slightly slower to maybe check mail in ballots compared to regular Byatt ballots. Maybe that's what happened. But yeah, I agree. Like it took a long time,
but I'm glad it is the way it is, although I would be happier if we actually gained and the houses, you know, instead of instead of losing all those seats. Um Yeah,
Environment,
I don't
we
call
on our last gamble.
And
that,
What
is that?
good.
Hi
I mean, like, even right now, you know the fact that he doesn't want to
admit
that he
lost.
Thank you. Yeah, I mean, honestly, it's getting to the point where I'm getting kind of worried, you know, it's like i it's so uncertain where this is going to go now. You know, this has never happened before. Like no one's taken this long to concede
it's kind of getting getting kind of worried but you know hopefully it will be fined. Um Yeah. Mhm. What
a crazy here.
Has
can
you have
the apartment? Yeah, I mean I heard something about that like some news reports about how there's charges against trump and as soon as he is out of the white house, they might try to press those charges and
that's
it. Yeah,
let's see what
happens.
Right. Yeah. I mean he has probably been the most polarizing president ever. You know like he the rhetoric that he would use on twitter and his speech is like stupid divisive and one of the things that presidents have done in the past is to unite people together and bring people together even even especially like when things are going terrible for the nation, when there's a crisis going on, like you really don't want to separate people out two groups. You want people to come together, help each other and support each other and unite behind a common goal. And he did not do that. He like did the opposite of that. He actually divided people and created more stress. Um, if anything, so, but like the thing about trump is that, you know, even like regardless of the policy that he passed or regardless of what he's done in terms of legislature or laws, I think the thing about him was that his personality and his rhetoric, the words that he chose to use, they were so unnecessarily divisive. If he had just not done that, he probably would have been okay as a president because like, you know, the legislative aspect of it, Yeah, it sucks. And but it's comparable
to other Republican presidents. You know, he didn't do anything super drastic that you can't compare to Bush or some other president. But I think the thing that separates him out from other Republican president is that he was super just, I mean,
Great.
Ready. Yeah,
exactly. Yeah.
No,
Right. Yeah. That's, that's what I was thinking. I was like, I know people have his age that have more composure, more intelligence when they speak and here's the president and he can't seem to do that and just like really confusing. Like you would think someone with that much power that much experience in terms of age, they would be able to sort of control how they, how they talk and not throw tantrums and go on twitter battles and it's just, it's just kind of interesting how it's been. Um but like scarily enough, half the people still voted for him,
like it's really scary. Um
of people,
Yeah, exactly. I know. I don't know. I don't know why so many people voted. That's, that's the question that keeps me awake that I'm like, what are people thinking? Um they are, do you have any um, plans for thanksgiving or christmas coming up?
Mhm Yeah, I'm planning on staying inside and doing absolutely nothing.
I mean,
I mean, I know people are probably going to break quarantine and do what they want to do, but I don't want to be adding to the problems of the world right now.
Exactly. Yeah. That's the thing like that. We have to be cognizant about older people and immuno compromised people and you know, people without health insurance and all these people who need us to stay inside, you know, isolate ourselves. I think what's happening is that since it's been going on for so long, people are simply just exhausted from not being able to live their lives. And I understand that like it's not fun to isolate yourself, but I think it's good to remember that you are doing it for a greater good. Like you are doing it to save lives and you are saving lives by staying inside and not going out into crowded spaces and making things worse. Okay. Mhm. So yeah, I hope, I hope people continue doing that. Yeah. Yeah, it'll be fine.
Duh.
think
about
it.
It
would be.
Thank
you.
That's a thing like that's what's hard about all this, right. Like we can't control the ones that need to stay inside. Like they're the ones that need to be in like, I don't really know how to convince them. Maybe they want biden is there in january. He can sort of do some stricter lockdowns and put some national mask mandates. I don't know. I don't know what he's going to do. Hopefully something because right now we got nothing. We don't have any sort of good protocols in place. You have. I know texas or austin has some protocols in place and you know like reduced capacity in restaurants and stuff like that. I don't know how much that's helping, but clearly we need stricter guidelines to control all this. Yeah. Mhm
Great.
Whatever.
So hungry.
What is that?
The only
thing
for me?
Okay. Yeah. I mean that's that's a startling fact right now. It's like what is he doing? Like what is
he going to do anything
like? Yeah. Like, I mean I think we keep breaking records in the us, right like 100,000 cases per day or more. Well I don't know what the latest number was but it was really really high um And we haven't heard anything from trump really addressing this. Um
And you know like the statistics I read about republicans is that they agree with trump like 80% of them think that he's still the president and he
won.
What? Yeah.
No.
Mhm. Yeah. I mean like it's pretty astonishing. I mean I don't remember much about the gore and bus election that much because I didn't really vote In that time. I think I wasn't in 18 back then but but yeah, I mean it just this this just definitely feels different for sure, like
this just feels crazy to me. Um
exactly yeah.
Um I was talking
to my
friend
and I was like doesn't this feel like totally outrageous like that since
like not
just does not feel normal in terms of elections or anything and they were like yeah it feels really bad and the fact that they, you know pushed a Supreme Court justice and
record
right, that's the thing like they
yeah, I mean it's it's confusing and it's crazy like I don't, I don't get it, it's really bad, but
I mean thankfully, But when does an inauguration happen? I think like the
20th,
sometime
in january. Yeah, we just have to kind of hang on until then, hopefully things will change pretty quickly after that. Uh huh
by then.
okay. I mean I honestly didn't follow too much of her confirmation um but I know
that she has very very like conservative views on things and so that's not good for me
or anyone.
From
in
this
respect.
What?
Yeah but I think like the only way we can do that is that if we windows to run off seats
in Georgia so we got to get that done first and then hopefully
I think like the only other chance we have is in 2022 if we don't get those two seats we'll have to wait two more years on that and that's going to affect. Yeah. Um my uh I agree we need to put some liberal judges in the courtrooms. All right.
I am
The
crime.
Perfect
Yeah exactly. Yeah I mean this administration have done some very just crazy things that I don't know
like it just it just seems like in the past I've never heard quite so many things on the news regarding the presidency or the administration. It's just like this for these four years. Have there just been so much in the news? You know, every day? It's something um hopefully, you know, once biden starts it will go back to normal And by normal, I mean four years prior to that, correct?
Yeah. That's the thing like I mean, you know the policies that are put in place regarding pandemic control and he had a team and yet plans. If something like this happens, I had so much stuff that we would have done had those policies still been in place that he put there and of course trump redacted or removed all of those. So if they had just kept
those
left
along.
Warning.
All
Yeah. It just sounds so petty and like not intelligent you know like it just doesn't make sense. Um Yeah we were just so close to avoiding all this they just not undone so many good policies. Um But you know all we can do now is move on and hope for the best regarding the new president. Um You
see yeah I guess the first priority is getting past this covert B. S. And then take it from there they are. But it was great talking to you. I think we're past our 25 minutes.
What mark? Yeah and I hope you stay safe and
Houston gets
it under control texas too. But yeah I hope you have a good night. Good
to meet
you.