I'm sorry, I just got done uh working though. I have like I work with kids on zoom so why I am in this uh outfit. I
got
it.
I'm a teacher too.
That
Yeah, I just got my credential a week ago, so
thank
you.
That's awesome.
Yeah. Um Well still in the job search right now because it's so crazy with everything, all the districts in my area. Rosen hiring so that's fun. Um
I live in southern California,
Yeah. Where do you
live?
perfect. So bolton states where the cases are rapidly rising.
Yes. Yeah, he's a little uh different.
So I
it's like a summer camp and I worked with students on their e books, so I consult with them and we have like 20 minute sessions each where today was actually the last day I worked with them, it's like a two week camp and it's been really fun, you know,
just
get to
here.
it's yeah it's supposed to be, the camp is based in san Francisco but they have like a satellite
camp in southern California as well,
and
obviously it's all online right now, so we have teachers from all over, and the kids seem to be all from California though because it's like kids that who are like repeating from last year. Right.
I haven't
actually.
thankfully the kids that I work with are in going into third grade to a little bit older, which is great. Um
I student taught in like second grade classroom, so I really liked that's about as low as I go. Um I don't know what grade do you teach, but I'm hoping to teach somewhere around like 4 to 6 because I kind of like the older kids, but uh yeah, 2nd
grade is fine.
What?
so it's sort of a career change. I got my undergrad and illustration. I was I was in high school, I either wanted to go into um forensic science or art and
I chose art. So I went to uh you know uh school in California and got the animation and illustration degree because I wanted to do uh like art for video games, I'm like a three D. Modeler. And then
yeah. Yeah and then I looked at the industry and I said no thank you, it's so much work for not that great pay and
very
powerful.
Yeah. It's crazy. It just depends on the state for sure. It's been a little dicey here in southern California, L. A. Usd is hiring, but uh it's a little out of the way for me and I'm just not interested. So most of my friends who graduated God jobs with an L. A. Usd so
I'm, my fingers are crossed that something is going to open up in like july I've been applying and there's jobs but
and
that's
what I'm thinking is, you know what the especially with just how crazy it's gonna be this year, it's like, well, you know,
why not?
well it's just
crazy
because it's like what are we going to do? And uh you know, Newsome here in California, the cases are really starting to rise and but Newsome's not really like the santas where it's like I think he will shut things down if things keep going on this trajectory, so that's not fun. And at this point it's like mhm and I have a little experience with teaching online and I
had to do half of my student teaching online, which was a mess. Uh I had to uh we have the NTP A here, which was horrible and I hated that too. And how it's just a lot going on right now.
didn't they just have the budget for like online teaching in florida? Mm hmm.
I
just got the title.
The
Yeah, for sure. Well, they need people who have a really good grip on, you know, working and teaching online and through technology and all of that. Like I'm studying right now to get my google certified educator thing as well. Because
I just found out about it like a month ago and I'm like, well that would look good on my resume. It.
True.
Yeah. Our district was not prepared for the switch at all. I was student teaching in that second grade classroom and at 11 a.m. It was that friday the 13th in March. And
through my school you know you did two semesters of student teaching and my teacher actually wasn't there that week, suggest me. So I was basically doing a takeover week.
It's
she was at the back of the room on her phone. It was yeah and
it
was
And it was crazy, it was like we got notified two minutes before the bell rang from our principal. Like okay teachers check your email also by the way, if you have any packets to send out to the kids pass them out now. And like we were like what packets like we didn't have time to prepare anything.
It was crazy. And yeah, it's just been wild since then,
so
I
like people made it out to be like, you were some sort of doomsayer, like some crazy person, but I was like, it's not looking good, like those cases are rising. Um we like the other states had already started shutting down schools and I just know it was happening, you know, there was just no way.
contradictory
broke
up.
so
it
has been up to the districts so far, which has been a mess because some districts are really pushing, you know, brick and mortar in the classroom. Uh, here's some hand sanitizer, you know, masks I guess and other districts are kind of, I'm applying for a couple of positions, whereas a 40% job, so I'm guessing it's like you come in there doing like rotations where kids come in monday Tuesday and then Wednesday, it's a break, you know, where they clean everything and then the other half of the kids come in thursday friday.
Yeah, well I guess it would be like 40% pay, but
it would, yes, because I guess they would just hire more teachers and then have a monday Tuesday teacher on a thursday friday teacher, it's gonna be crazy. It just depends on the districts and I feel like the schools are just kind of trying to feel things out because, you know, if things were getting a little bit better, like three weeks ago, it was like, okay, maybe, you know, we will open and whatever, but then the last two weeks it's like, oh, I don't think we're going to be
in
position.
That's
it is uh it's you
know and I get people feeling all sorts of employees right now especially if you're in a district where they're just like oh here's some hand sanitizer, you know, good
luck.
Yeah I think that's why florida is kind of holding out right now is that they don't want to pay more unemployment, they just can't afford it right now. Right. Mhm.
wow, are you
serious? That's
crazy.
It's
like
Yeah I know there is nothing, I have friends who are on unemployment right now and with the bonus it's like they're pulling in like 4000 a month like more than they ever made of their jobs which is crazy.
But
but
my God I Yeah I don't, wow. Yeah, I know, it's like really? It's like they're waiting for the state of florida that tell them no. And then, because
nobody wants,
come on, yeah, Disneyland to shut down here, they were planning on reopening, I think the 17th of july originally, and
then
they
closed
that down and some of my friends were really mad about it. They were like, I want to go to Disneyland, you know, I've been in so long and it's like, dude, I wouldn't want to go to Disneyland right now, like, come on. Mhm. But
people being mad, you know, I get it, it's not been fun to be home for so long, you know, I haven't seen my friends or done things in three plus months, it's been a mess. But I get
the frustration. It was, it's like, it sucks because it's like, yeah, you have people that stayed home and follow the rules and more masks and we still have this crazy exponential growth right now, what's
Which
exit,
I think we're planning to get together with my friends and it was gonna be like on someone's driveway and 6ft apart, it's just. it's crazy, it's just been like the craziest year, it feels like a lost year. Really? Yeah. Yeah,
I
think it's thursday and I only know that because I'm freaking right now, otherwise I want to know and it's just been it's been a lot
well what's crazy is it took them three weeks to get me access into the google classroom because they had all these, you know privacy things that made me sign all these things, I couldn't even do like one on ones or Skype with the kids at any point. But I created videos for them on my own time and they were pre recorded but they basically,
my university
gave us like uh we had to fill out and we had to log like over 100 hours in like three weeks so we could get our credits on time.
I have friends that are high school teachers and one of my friends is a high school teacher at a school where they had a school shooting in the fall. So
yeah, so there was already like kind of a general consensus of we're not pushing these seniors too hard, we're just going to kind of let everyone slide and let everyone pass in the fall and then you know in spring
corona hit and it was basically like there were no rules, it was like everyone passed, you know, it was just basically like give them something to do every week because some of these kids just weren't doing it. And yeah,
I
don't think so. But yeah, I've just been seeing those all over the news, like the little parades and
I totally feel that because honestly the graduation,
The other ass. But yeah,
super.
Yeah, I am. When I was in high school, I was in the marching band, so we had to play at every graduation for four years. And that was enough. I was like, I, I don't even want to graduate at this point. Like I hate this. I hate the stupid walk. I hate the hours of name calling. Like it's not fun.
I feel like a lot of states are like so ambitious with what they think Cannon should be open right now. It's just like, all right, good luck with that. And I'm really worried about what we're gonna see in the next couple of weeks here with four July. Yeah, that's gonna be fun. That's gonna be fun. And I think, uh, in California were a little like a little pretentious
in some ways. It's like, oh, it's not gonna, you know, we're smart. We wear masks, you know? No. So people were out doing things going to bars, going to restaurants in L. A. For like past month really. And it's just has
they
do.
But orange, the inland Empire. Red super.
No
people.
I think they did close down early and then eased all of those restrictions and then like a couple weeks later,
um, this was a couple of weeks ago new, some kind of targeted Orange County specifically. And then that really pissed people off. But yeah, it's been fun. It's
been a good
time.
It's
very, very wealthy. Yeah. Orange County is crazy expensive. And those people have a ton of money and a ton of time on their hands to protest right now. So that's been fun. Uh what do you teach in high school?
Oh, cool. Yeah, awesome. That's, that's amazing. I have a friend that's ap bio and then I have a friend that is, um, calculus two. I think so
yeah, I, I like high school kids and I think there's a lot to be said about teachers in high school, but I was, for me, it was mostly like, it's probably easier
for me to find a job in California if I'm elementary because you can be in any position, you know?
What?
Yeah, for sure. Like all that stem stuff and that's really big right now and they love that. But my friend she got her credential and biology and but all the places she was applying to it was like, oh you need your biology credential and a chemistry credential and I was like, okay, it's a lot of work. Yeah.
Thank
you.
Had
thanks.
it is, it's a lot of work and they make it so hard to be a teacher, especially in California. It's stupid. Really. Just all the hoops, you gotta jump through all the tests you have to take. So what?
Yeah. It's like renewing of credentials and paying fees and it's what?
it's like, okay, so I have to do work and pay like here in California that you need to pass the ndp a now to get credential and that's a $300 test and if you fail that you have to retake it and that's expensive.
Okay. It's not like we're getting paid a ton as teachers either, it's not like a super lucrative career, so.
And
I
don't get it either.
Uh About two months just because I was like I need some extra money on the side, one of them job searching and then I did get a job just just summer camps for the summer. And but it's been my favorite way to make like money on the side. I think
I'm
gonna go, it's right here. I get a little ding from prolific assistant you know every couple hours and it's like
great.
My parents are like
apprehensive like seems fake.
Yeah. No, it's great and it's pretty reliable for the most part, you know, making some extra cash.
I like
it. Yeah,
that's my friends feel when you're on unemployment
like when I get off unemployment I'm gonna be making less and working more. It's dumb.
we've been cooking a lot more at home and that's been kind of nice because it's like I don't really have time to do this during the school year, I just get home and I'm like exhausted, I
don't have time. But now it's like all right, I can try out a new recipe and that's been kind of nice.
Wait,
thank
you.
you
have been here as well.
for sure. So yeah, thanks for having an awesome conversation.
I think we just exit so why?