wow. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. No. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Whoa. Yeah. Hello?
I'm
not.
No, it's fine. Give me 1 2nd. I think we're supposed to set a timer for like 25 minutes. All right. Let me just do that before I forget. So, you work with kids? I'm a teacher. Are you doing like V. I. P.
Okay. So this will this
will make it uh this will make it much easier conversation.
Well, that's uh
I
teach him for I'm starting here eight next year. So, what you know, what
are you what are you going to be a teacher?
Where do you live?
Okay. Completely, completely different part of the country.
No.
Uh Orlando. So in florida. So right by Disney world? No.
Yeah. But uh yeah, our governor doesn't see it that way. So,
Uh huh. So, what do you do on Zim? What's that for?
All
Is
that
is
that is that locals local Children in California
help?
You're
on Hey,
I figured I figured with the face paint and doing it on on the computer, have you have you heard of it? Kid?
V.
I V. I. P kid is like teaching like english to students in like china and like I've looked into it. I don't have the enthusiastic personality to do it. But like literally that's one of the things like when you read about the interview process, like working with like a five year old, like they want you to have like hand puppets and put on a show.
Because
Now
is this a career change and you
right out of college and going into education?
All
So
and now now are you 100% committed to staying in California? Because like, I'm from florida, but I moved to Rhode island after college. His family was up there and I found it so hard to get a teaching job within a year. I moved back, they moved back. But like some of my coworkers,
like
11 is from indiana and she'll tell me she's like five years older than me, she's like while while in grad school for her masters, they basically said if you wanted a job, you're one out of college, go to florida because you're not going to get one in indiana.
master.
Are
you are you gonna do this substitute around? Like I did that for one
year.
But
yeah our where I where I teach on Tuesday, they came out with the back to school plan which is like here's some hand sanitizer and it's more than just that. But literally if if I get sick or my co worker gets sick, who's actually going to cover that class for two weeks. So I I assume there's gonna be no shortage of substitutes. I mean I'm not wishing that on you like I
that's
it. Yeah.
vascular
I did. We have we have something called like florida virtual school. Um So
Not online. It was some other, I didn't read the whole article. I think it
was
I I saw I saw like a political article, I think I had to do more with um advanced educational services. I think it was for like people like morning english. It wasn't directly related to what I do, but I did like a program called florida virtual School for a
few years as a part time job. I know those those positions I'm assuming are booming uh next month.
I didn't know that's the thing. Yes.
It actually it actually would like, I'm doing right this whole week. Um I'm picking up another ap classes for
high school, so like I'm doing it, I'm doing an online trading and the presenter is now retired, so I just, you just finished And there's this one guy who he's turning, he's like 73 years old and still teaching. So I we're using we're using Microsoft teams and they really don't know how to do things. And it's it's it's really sad knowing some other teachers. They talk about some people with the the switch online since March and they had no idea what to do.
What were you doing? Like student teaching in a classroom? I got an internship. Okay.
was was there a
substitute in the classroom with you? Okay.
I
probably
would have been doing the exact same as this. Oh,
asked.
We started,
we, the friday that it was announced was like, we had like a teacher workday that day. I just right now it was it was random. It was the end of the quarter, so we were going into spring break. No, I still remember like, I was following the news, I was reading the news in class, like while they were working and I'm just trying like, this country is closing down the schools, this country, this country, this country, and I was telling my coworkers like it's coming. Like people were getting so angry. I mean, you don't know what you're talking about within a
day.
Now what is, what is California proposing? Because like florida, it's either your face to face. The second option is you can do online, but like, like our high school has seven periods, so if you would do the online version, So if you, so you would have first period with me, but it would be online
from like 7 to 8
o'clock
in the morning. And you can like kind of vote at school if you like. It's flexible. I guess if you get sick they want that or or it's
completely online virtual. What is California serious about the like morning
afternoon shift or what?
I thought you meant they're they're hiring for a part time position.
I was so what? Okay.
It might
some of my,
some of my coworkers are so like angry and upset and Like this different spectrum. Like I'm I'm 30 like, and I'm kind of like, I feel like I'm probably just going to get the virus whenever. Like we've been home for 13
weeks. Like I accept it. But I have a coworker who is more health problems, obese even my age. But like she she's ready to quit because I guess, I guess she has much more medical issues by other others. It's a whole range of spectrum like,
well,
well,
yeah, the issue is like the congress has not passed giving more money to deal with this and the state doesn't give that much money to begin with.
I mean, mm the state unemployment is like one of the worst in the country for florida. Like it It's I think, I think the most you can make in the state of Florida for unemployment is like $235 a week.
But,
but
I mean, but right now with the federal, so you can make
The
35. So, But no, it's it's one of its one of the worst, I mean in California, that would be nothing, I'm sure.
Yeah. I mean a lot a lot of Disney workers are getting back, but at the same time my my coworkers husband Is making
more now. But who knows after July 31 and the fact
that they are supposed to still open it in two weeks is shocking.
Universe.
Universal's Open. Seaworld's open.
that
one
year
old is
that's that's kind of a debate. You here here? Uh you have people protesting against it and
and
I'm saying my best friend for like the first time in like four
months on saturday, we'll just we'll just wear masks. I like it's definitely
not my bizarre.
I don't even know what day it is anymore, I'll
be honest.
What did you, what did you have to do for your internship while doing the online warning? Like, were you still responsible for that or
your
home?
yeah. We, we couldn't require much of anything, but I like three weeks. Then it started off by saying two grades a week. Okay. Two grades. And that doesn't mean I have to grade everything and by like 33 weeks and they're like no to weapons believe and and we couldn't require like live less than, so it was literally like, here's busywork. Yeah, it was a lot of fun. Yeah,
Russia
frank.
Now did the school, the school you entered that to like a
celebrations carpool thing?
We, we did it at ours. It was actually honestly from teacher perspective, it was so much more interesting than a three hour graduation.
Oh, they're horrible. It's so bad.
I've done two in the seven years and I was not
going to attend this year, like it was going to be on a weekend and it was like I'm not wasting my time going to them.
florida was said to have like a summer graduation and Michael week, but they finally cancelled that like two weeks ago. Mhm.
little bit.
Many characters California also is like, I don't mean to get too political but it's also like 40% conservative. So people think California, they think it's this like well happy state,
but
it's
they are. I
didn't
do it, didn't they just do something that like I remember listening on the news like even they like I think maybe it was the government that goes down the beaches, but like I thought they did something in Orange County that was progressive. Compared to what?
Well.
I
don't
I'm assuming it's kind of like without like all of the multi
residential areas.
Um So studies so so ap world history I guess next year and human geography. So.
I asked.
no
and I know here I don't know about elementary
but I know like any parts, it was like a math reading or science background. They'll get it like that.
like for me at least in the state of Florida, like I have a broad 6-12 clarification, it's like one test from what I understand like science at the high
school level. I
you need to
take a biology
test to teach that you need to teach, take a chemistry test. It is it is very different from what I had to do. Yeah.
Yeah I'm doing some new disability course this summer to renew my certification. I I didn't even know about it until they told me that I needed it for a year from now. Mhm.
That always, that always mystifies me. Where it's like I'm doing what I'm supposed to do to renew my certification or work for it, but I also have to pay for that.
And and then you have to pay the state of the state to actually renew your certifications. Like yeah.
150 hours. I just put in to renew my certification
for five years and then I had to do even yeah, I don't get it.
But
how long have you been doing prolific or other survey type things?
Yeah, I was like, I'm gonna I'm gonna be home constantly on the computer
anyways. I might as well.
I
my fiance has joined it. My dad was like, what are you doing? What is this is like
like,
and yeah, at first at first it's like, this is there's no way
it's
it's
told my coworker. It's like, man, I'm going to be like, losing money when I go back to work. What? What is this?
Why, man?
I'm pretty sure my co worker with the Disney uh workers going at the you know what you should have been doing that, but it's going out way more now because he's bringing in more money than they did before. All right.
And
It's
been 25 minutes. I I wish
you luck with the job search
so before
it.
Okay, good work and stay safe. And it definitely an interesting conversation for the 25 minutes. I was kind of worried. You never know who's gonna be on the other one. Uh huh.
Do we just cook out or?
All right, well, I have good night.