SPEAKER_L: driving on? Yeah. Uh huh. But this is mm mhm, mhm, mhm, mm
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Well they're good morning or afternoon wherever you are.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah well I'm in California right now so it's like 12 over here.
SPEAKER_L: Alright, good. So I want to make a little lunch time money
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Where you at right now?
SPEAKER_L: based out of colorado. But I was in California for eight years, I was in san Diego, doing a doctor,
SPEAKER_R: Why were you in SAn Diego?
SPEAKER_L: doing a PhD program and it's a great place to do a PhD program because if you're indoors all day, you can leave and just like a look at the beach for an hour to clean your eyeballs. What part of California? And
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Socal I'm in this little suburb near like Elway so like there's a lot of stuff to do but like it's not like bustling and hustling like L. A. Is.
SPEAKER_L: well, are you like relatively close to L. A. Like if you wanted to like, you know, party for the weekend or something, could you drive into Los Angeles pretty easily? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's like an hour drive away. It's pretty easy.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, but otherwise yeah, California, just a lot of quiet suburbs, like Anaheim and I'm going
SPEAKER_R: You could come
SPEAKER_L: to Disneyland,
SPEAKER_R: come
SPEAKER_L: I was like,
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: oh this is really cool and everything around, it's like oh this is the most boring part of California I've ever seen. Very peaceful, but yeah, kind of boring. Um,
SPEAKER_R: okay.
SPEAKER_L: so is this your first time or first round doing the study?
SPEAKER_R: I've done it like three times this week already so like it's not like the first time I've done it so I'm pretty like familiar with this stuff really.
SPEAKER_L: So I got two questions I've discovered I liked asking. So one, what do you think the study is about? And I have no relationship or affiliation with the researchers?
SPEAKER_R: mm That's an intriguing question. Um I speculated that like it might be too like maybe just study like interactions between people but like I'm not sure like what they're particularly studying about these interactions or you're testing out like a new like video conferencing kind of platform I guess but I'm not really sure which one is more likely. I'm kind of leaning towards like the human interactions but like yeah that's my thoughts at the moment
SPEAKER_L: yeah. And uh, what do you want to do with the money?
SPEAKER_R: um I guess save it up or spend it however I don't know like I I like I'm a pretty frugal person so I hate spending money, but like if I were to spend money, I'd rather spend this type of money where like it doesn't dig into like any of the my actual savings really, so.
SPEAKER_L: My friends, I always here is beer money. Right? It's like a little money that you set aside for like a tree, you know, six back, you know, while you play video games or something like that. The last person just said just an anime was like, you're just going to blow
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: it on and she's like, yeah, it's like, okay, cool. And
SPEAKER_R: how do you even do that, just like
SPEAKER_L: was my
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: question,
SPEAKER_R: subscriptions or white merchandise?
SPEAKER_L: merchandise
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: merge. Yeah, that was my same questions. Like, doesn't everybody pirate that and has for the last 15, 20 years. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: like I don't know, I mean there's there's some people, I don't know what you get out of like an anime subscription because there's like a bunch of like just websites that just have like um they just downloaded and uploaded to the site, so I'm not sure.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's like, so I used to live in Japan and for example, they've really crack down on piracy there. So they're like kind of encouraging people to buy things, but it's like Spotify or itunes, they've made it easy to buy it and so people just kind of do now. It's not nearly as bad as it used to be, but here like, I don't know, in your suburbs, is there like a local Japanese craft store? Like to go by, you know, the most recent commits, Nuweiba or whatever, Like probably not. So americans pirate it. They're like, of course, because it's not easy to get it anywhere else. And the subscription services I've heard about, like there's, the one is named after the sushi roll, like apparently are just terrible. Like they just garbage,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Are you looking avid enemy watcher or like fan of japanese culture?
SPEAKER_L: Japanese culture. Yeah, so my, my ph d s in japanese politics so I don't watch anime, but if you live in Japan it is around you all goddamn day, you can
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: go into a convenience store and the main character is like trying to sell you fried chicken. It's like, here's the
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: attack
SPEAKER_R: is,
SPEAKER_L: on titan character being like Familymart chicken
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: is the best
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: chicken.
SPEAKER_R: the time,
SPEAKER_L: Like what? Just
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: No, I just want the chicken, I don't want to being sold to me by an anime character. Um but and then like different like cities or city councils or like ballot measures will have like anime like mascots to try to explain to you like the benefits of like in California, there was all those propositions, right? Imagine if like there was a cute character for each of the propositions like Proposition 14 taxi, the tax reform bill. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's got rosy cheeks or something like it's just all over the place in japan which is kind of fun but it's it's overwhelming for sure.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. How long did you stay in Japan?
SPEAKER_L: I've got a total of six months kind of spaced over different things but there's a lot of fun. Have you been? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh No, I haven't, I really want to go, but like, you know, with the situation and I'm probably not going anytime soon. Uh
SPEAKER_L: No, but you know what they're, the news now is right like widespread vaccines by april so you can start saving for the trip. You could probably use money for this uh from this trip.
SPEAKER_R: Ha
SPEAKER_L: Um So so what do you do then or are you student or you have a job or you're between jobs?
SPEAKER_R: uh yeah, I'm an undergraduate student right now in college, so um yeah, I just do this on the site to like just make a bunch of side money I guess to maybe pay for
SPEAKER_L: People,
SPEAKER_R: tuition, maybe like go out with some friends with some food and really? So
SPEAKER_L: What's your major?
SPEAKER_R: uh medical and cell biology at the moment,
SPEAKER_L: Oh God bless. Have you done your or go series
SPEAKER_R: I'm just getting into it right now.
SPEAKER_L: Also. God bless. I was a biology undergraduate major an organic one. We're going to one wounded me psychically on organic to like just destroyed my GPA and also my interest in biology. I finished the degree but it was rough. It was really bad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know, I'm not the biggest fan of chemistry. I'd rather just swearing about like pathways in the body or like some certain like body or like maybe like the bodily systems, I don't know. Chemistry just not my thing. It's like, I don't like the insane like math that goes with it or like the quantum mechanics stuff. Like I'm not I'm not the biggest fan really.
SPEAKER_L: Do you mean like this like geometry that they have you do in the first couple years?
SPEAKER_R: I mean that stuff is easy, but it's just like really tedious.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like, you know, three g of carbon convert this into like moles moles per like graham cracker. It's like, no, I don't want to do that uh for the next 3.5 hours. Um Well, the good news is once you do organic chemistry, you're basically done. Except for, I don't know if the university offers biochem, which is kind of a combination of what you want to do and what you don't want to do. Yeah. Uh And it's also much harder than organic chemistry. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I've heard like it's one of the harder majors in my school because like, you have to like actually like do the kinetics of the reactions of like say like sell your respiration or like what is success? It's it sounds difficult anyways.
SPEAKER_L: Are you a fan of video games? There's an analogy I want to make. It's like it's like Krebs cycle but on dark souls like they just make it extra extra extra hard uh where previous is like Yeah, like it carries a proton over here and it makes energy like Yeah, STP I got it. And by outcome to like, so we're going to talk about the Krebs cycle for two weeks, how what are we going to learn? And even even the teacher starts getting sweaty and like sort of like pulling on their collar, like oh christ, this is gonna be bad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think I think there's probably uh in my major is probably more biology focused in chemistry, but there's for sure chemistry that I have to learn.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's just a hurdle and like everybody knows that everybody knows organic chemistry is like the hard thing to do so that you can do like zoology and like you said, cell biology and genetics and some of these more interesting classes. So what do you want to do with it? Eventually go into like a lab or?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm thinking of becoming like a researcher uh specifically in like cancer cells and how they actually affect it and then like maybe develop some, like, I don't know, this might be a bit more like optimistic, but like perhaps like here some type of thing or at least like contribute to a cure for it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Have you, have you read any like peer reviewed articles for any of your classes that come straight from a science journal?
SPEAKER_R: Um I've read some of the research papers and my professors have published, but I haven't really been into like actual like credited science journalist yet, so.
SPEAKER_L: Sure. Like or even like pub med, right? You look up a particular kind of cancer in pub med. The articles there have like 98 co authors. That's how collaborative researches in medicine, which is great in my opinion. The
SPEAKER_R: course,
SPEAKER_L: problem is like it's the old-fart who's been doing medicine since 1926, who gets first name and he hasn't done anything for the project, but he's the most important guy because he raises money, but you can still contribute.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I could just be a wacky or something in my first years, I'm kind of
SPEAKER_L: What? Sorry? Is that an acronym? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Oh hockey.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh no, it's just like a guy that does like the dirty work, like maybe I just like felt the test tubes or something, that's what the, what,
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: is it
SPEAKER_R: generally what like undergrads do if they get a research position in a lab.
SPEAKER_L: uh is it prepared buffers that another one that undergraduates kind of do they have to make all the buffers for the week?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they do all like the, for lack of better terms, like not interesting stuff, like maybe they, maybe they like do some spreadsheets or like organizing data or
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: like. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well luckily everybody who came before you had to do that same thing. So like you're on the path to success because everyone else has to crap work. But again, that old fire professor, he didn't have the benefit of spreadsheets. He probably had to do it on like, you know one of those lab notebooks that's gritted. It's like it's like all right now add up our expenditures for the last experiment for three years. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What about a masters or PhD if you consider going on to do something like that?
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah, I've been considering it like, but like, I don't know if I want to continue and cell molecular biology or if I want to go into like another sub discipline like microbiology or like immunology genetics or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Is there do you think there and I don't know this feel very well anymore. Ivan paid attention in many, many years. Do you think there's more demand for a master's degree or something on top of the bachelors than there used to be and able to do to get a cool research job?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, for sure. Because like, well it's just a bachelors, like, I don't know, there's just a lot more like demand for more like human, like for me more like uh human knowledge and narrow like you want to hire people that have like more knowledge. So like a person with a bachelor's like sure they could get a job as a research assistant, but like a person with like a masters or PhD can probably win something and like more like
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: it opens up more pathways. Like if you don't want to become like a researcher, you could probably become like a professor or like a more or you could probably win a job like maybe like a big pharmaceutical company. Like it just opens more doorways than just getting a bad choice in a science.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I just I just, all I hear the news is compared to your parents generation ambassadors degree is much less helpful and like landing you a good job in making you a ton of money. Ambassadors degree is the new minimum and then you have to go out and get another degree on top of that. Uh to set yourself apart. And I wasn't sure if that was true for for biology. I know coming out of U. C. San Diego there's a lot of people who get jobs just like you probably know more about this but lots of like life science labs in like the Hoya and SAn Diego and stuff and there's a ton of jobs there but they always ask for like masters and phds But then once you have it it's like a $90,000 a year job or something like that. Which is it's better money than prolific. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Why did you get started with prolific? Like what was your motivation?
SPEAKER_L: Um Like I said sort of beer money, it's, it's, you can set aside a little bit of money like at the end of the month, it's always nice to look and say, oh, I have $100 that I didn't have previously. Um I probably play about 5% of the video games that I used to when I was your age, but it's still nice to be able to buy them without feeling bad about them. Like a brand new video game costs 50 or $60 I think now, which is insane. That's a lot. It's a ton of money. Um so having a little side money for that. So at the end of the day when I'm brain dead and exhausted and the world is falling apart and it's on fire because of plague in politics. I can escape into a world of video games and not worry about the financial repercussions of having paid for one uh with my own money. But I do like, I mean there's uh I don't know if you're familiar with the website Reddit, but there's a beer money separate where they talk about places like this and prolific is by far the most interesting one because it's academic surveys, but not just constantly asking about like what's your favorite kind of car? Would you wear red shoes? It's more interesting topics. Um And I've done survey in my district surveys in my dissertation work before, so it's kind of cool to see how other researchers have done their stuff. Um I did my survey in Japan, so I didn't do through prolific. But yeah, it's kind of see like, oh the researcher like added this attention champ. I've never seen that before where the researcher built the survey in this way, I've never seen it before. So that's that's the boring answers. Talking about surveys themselves is boring but I think it's kind of cool.
SPEAKER_R: You mentioned pursuing a PhD and like japanese like politics I think you said so. And then you said you were originally like something in the life science majors as an under grab. So you said like, okay, I'm just destroyed your desire to stay in the sciences. Mhm. Listen,
SPEAKER_L: I did. Um my
SPEAKER_R: we're talking
SPEAKER_L: my school
SPEAKER_R: about
SPEAKER_L: offered a study abroad obviously that's not something we can do these days anymore but it was a study brought to Taiwan and you could do all of the all of your core biology requirements for semester. So they like they would bring one of the faculty members over 22 gigantic. So I thought this is perfect. I could do a double major
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: can,
SPEAKER_L: asian studies, do this in Taiwan, learn chinese. Taiwan itself looks like an interesting country to go to. It's a win win. And they canceled the program at the last second about a month before we were supposed to go. They said oh we're just out of money. Sorry about that. L O L. I was like, oh okay, are there other places to go to? And so I went to the study abroad office and they said, well there is Japan, it is in ASIA as if these were like equivalent countries just because they're both in ASia. Looking back, I'm like, wow, that was a really insensitive comment. Um,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but I went anyway and I just liked, I, you know, I was there only for four months, but I thought how can I make this into a
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: profession where I have to become an expert in something about japan, Japanese society or Japanese anthropology or something like that. Academia was the natural answer. And then I like politics and so I just tried to combine the two and become an expert in japanese politics. Um, there's, there's a lot of stuff about Japan, I like, like I said, the enemy is like, so, so the food off the charts, amazing. Um, tons of like, if you like a little stores, like independently owned book stores are independently owned cafes or something like that. Uh, Tokyo is just a Washington. I mean you could never ever eat in every restaurant in Tokyo for the rest of your life, even if you get like three times a day. So this is a cool place to be and uh, to work and the language is fun to learn. It's a great party trick. People always want you to say curse words or uh, say a favor phrase from some tv show they liked. Um, but yeah, it's been a, it's been a fun path. Unfortunately not a lot of jobs in academia. So if you're thinking about becoming a professor, um, make your decision very carefully, I would say, Whereas the private sector would be happy to pay you a shit ton of money um, to uh, to cure diseases. So right now I'm trying to see if I can get a job in government, which as you know is transitioning. Um I try not to talk about politics on the prolific calls, but I think it be a good time to serve in the government and so that's, that's trying to what I'm trying to pursue right now. But
SPEAKER_R: You said
SPEAKER_L: you know
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: also say California politics doesn't change very much, but elsewhere in the country things are things are active.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. This years have been crazy. There's been a lot of polarization to say the waste
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well it sounds like you might be a little bit further east
SPEAKER_R: china.
SPEAKER_L: than many California is like you're not directly on the coast. Right,
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm more like central ish. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Central
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: and Eastern California is a totally different beast. The people out there like definitely overcompensate by putting like the biggest trump flags on the biggest trucks and driving around and making a shit ton of noise. And I think it's because they're in California.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, California is an interesting state. You have people from both sides like trying to voice their opinions. I'm like, we could just agree to disagree and just leave it at that really. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you can until people vote and they get really angry. I mean I never I never had like a fight in California but there's definitely like san, Diego is a very blue city. But if you go far enough east there's a city called Santee but it's had so many incidents of like racism and terrorism that people call it clan T right. It's like And and they're separated by like 35
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: minutes,
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: right? It's really not that far but the cultures are totally different in Washington and Oregon are the same way. There's like like a set of mountains and on the east side of the mountains it's like dry brown, it looks like Nevada or Wyoming and it's extraordinarily conservative. And on the west side like all the stereotypes of Seattle and Portland or I play, so it's just like a mountain range divides two totally different cultures. It's wild. It's going from one to the other. Yeah. But like I said California stable so hopefully hopefully things are good in your neighborhood.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I see. Like, I mean, yeah, stuff is pretty chill, so I'm pretty grateful for that. I'm not in like a very like um charged
SPEAKER_L: Murder.
SPEAKER_R: place I guess uh
SPEAKER_L: without indicating who you voted for. Did you vote in the last election?
SPEAKER_R: Sadly I couldn't even vote because I wasn't 18 at that time, so
SPEAKER_L: Oh so you weren't able to vote on the proposition? That would have allowed 18 year olds to vote if they were 17 prior to the actual oh man, that sucks. Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's whatever, it's, yeah, it kind of was, but whatever, I guess I could vote in like congressional elections I guess next time.
SPEAKER_L: That could be your first vote. Yeah. The problem. I mean being in California half the fun is voting for the propositions and like going to the polling place and seeing everybody like in line and you get your sticker so you can be cool on instagram or facebook, whatever. everyone puts their stickers up there. Um I don't know did they have in person voting in California this
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: year? They
SPEAKER_R: think,
SPEAKER_L: would have had to write.
SPEAKER_R: I think, I think they had like in person polling places, but I think uh there was a pretty sizable amount of people that just mailed it in. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: I did, I'm still raged in California. So I mailed mine in all the other part about California politics. As good as when you get the, I don't know if you have ever seen the ballots sent to your parents, but everything, anyone who runs for office in California, they are all allowed to have a single page in like the guidebook to California elections that's sent to every California voter. So you get like the serious candidates right? Like here's Hillary clinton uh here's donald trump and then you get like the candidate for like you know the spaghetti and meatball party or like the english lord bucket head and like there the whole platform would be like twitter is the devil. It's like okay good, that's that candidate, they all get a place in the book. I love it, I love it's like my favorite bathroom reading at that time of year.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like I I saw on the boat that like Kanye's and I'm like, oh I guess I guess that was a quirk.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, he still got like 6000 votes or something and he um I'm not a big fan of joe Rogan but he did an interview with joe Rogan and I felt like I was high like the entire hour and 20 minutes of the interview, Kanye West is an amazing producer and developer but I don't understand what he's talking about half the time, right?
SPEAKER_R: mainly I'm just like
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: pretty adverse or like apathetic to politics, like it's whatever, I don't like the divisions that creates really, so that's why I generally avoid discussing it or associating with it really.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, hopefully hopefully things get better in the future and it's not such a, such a hot button issue. But the last person I talked to from political was from santa cruz, she was born and raised in uh sorry, I went to college in santa Cruz and then she moved to Georgia for a job with a husband. I said, how, how was that transition? She's like absolutely shocking, incredible culture shock coming from California.
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: Have you lived anywhere else besides California?
SPEAKER_R: know, I've been in California in my whole life, so
SPEAKER_L: Have you traveled
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: much outside of California?
SPEAKER_R: traveled for like a couple of family reunions. Like I've
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: been to Asia, my my parents home country of Vietnam. I've been to some other states like Arizona and then like texas. But then I haven't stayed that much. So like I always stayed with my families relatives, so I haven't been able to like experience the culture and like appreciate it fully I guess because I had such a short time there.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. What part of Vietnam did you go to?
SPEAKER_R: I went to mostly the southern parts. Um like so like uh Coachman City originally named Saigon or like uh this place called like uh what was it john hang or something like that. It was my dad's hometowns.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, yeah. That's really famous.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so I've been there and then like uh yeah, that was basically all, but that was like 2, 3 years ago, so it's pretty hazy in my head. But I think I I got the general memories down in my head, correct life. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Do you ever want to go back and see it? I'm, it's on like the top of my list of places I want to go that I've never been to.
SPEAKER_R: I mean like the, it depends on where you go really because some of them because some of the places are like really in the slums and then some of the places are like really like beautiful and pretty. So like it just depends, it depends on where you tore. Really?
SPEAKER_L: sure. But I mean you have family there, right? So you can get inside information. They could say, oh well, you know that part of the city, you definitely, there's nothing to see there. You don't want to go there, but this part of the city. Um, but, but what about like avoiding places I hear like you know there's a ton of tourist, like a lot of young americans coming in their twenties who like rent a not a motorcycle. The little Lopez that are really popular like a vespa and they just like travel around the country. But there's like so many of them now that they have quote unquote ruined these tourist areas. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I would, I didn't really notice it because like, I mean it was, I didn't really see any tour. I'm not sure if it was just the part of the city that I was staying with my family in. But like I didn't really notice much travelers at that time because I went in the winter. So I'm not sure if like most americans just stayed home or like went to different parts, but I'm not sure if it was just not a popular tourist attraction in my part of the city or there just weren't any, a lot of tourists there in general.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Um Well if you ever have the chance to go back um Street food seems like the best thing in the world. They're like healthy bulls and vegetables for like $2. Like I can't imagine America needs that more than anything else for
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: I can eat uh every goddamn day. And I want to in Vietnam where it's best.
SPEAKER_R: such, it's such an iconic and great food. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I know and nobody can make it at home because you have to like cook the bones for 12 hours. I don't know if you have a relative who's made it at home but like they have to start at nine p.m. It's like buy dinner next time, thank you for the soup. It's like yeah I've only been working like 24 or 12 hours on it. No biggie. Damn. Damn. That's good soup.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's really, I mean you could just leave it overnight on the summer. That's what my parents generally do, but that, but it's it's really labor intensive I guess. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's why these places like the really good san Diego had, I wouldn't call like a Vietnamese neighborhood but there was a large concentration of Vietnamese immigrants and second generation and the photo places there, it's not like the Vietnamese restaurants for like white americans or white consumers where there's like a whole bunch of shit on the menu. It's like this far and that's all you can get you can get in a variety of sizes, you can get it with tribe but that's all they're going to make and if you ask for anything else they will slap you with the menu. That's the kind of good place that I like. Uh It would be nice to have one on every goddamn corner. Like I'm sure it is in uh in Vietnam proper. Um So if you've been to Vietnam, you want to go to Japan in Japan at the top of your list. Like if you could go, let's at the end of the pandemic, the U. S. Government
SPEAKER_R: ST
SPEAKER_L: is very sorry, that messed up everything. And they would like to pay for you to go on one vacation after the pandemic. Where
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: would you go?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's interesting. Oh yeah. I would, Japan's at the top of my list, but there's a bunch of other countries I really want to visit. Like uh I really want to go to like maybe like Norway or Finland because I'm really into the north countries to also so like it's gonna be a hard decision but like yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: and what does it in Japan you want to see? So bad? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I guess I just wanna see that. I'm not sure. It just seems like an interesting place. Like I can't really pinpoint one thing I could just point out. Really?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's going to make it a great destination when you do get there though because everything
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: will be cool and interesting to you design food, drinking, tourism, religion, shrines, all this sort of stuff. Uh, well we are at the end of our time, I'm actually having a good time, but I have to help relative drive a car out to a repair shop today and drive them back. But it's a pleasure talking to you. I hope you do well in your degree. Um, and finish that up, Make a ton of money and go to Japan every year, making your sweet, sweet biology money. Uh, and so you can learn more about the country. It's, it's well worth multiple visits. Tokyo is totally different from Kyoto, which is totally different from the countryside where you see like, you know, the Youtube videos are like hot springs up in the mountains with monkeys bathing in the, in the hot water and like people bringing you tea and snacks and stuff like that. Japan definitely deserves multiple trips in my opinion. Norway I've been to once in the dairy was good. That's all I remember. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: All right well that's cool talking to you. I hope you have a great rest of the day.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You too have a good one