Hello.
Yeah well I'm in California right now so it's like 12 over here.
Yeah. Where you at right now?
Why were you in SAn Diego?
I'm in Socal I'm in this little suburb near like Elway so like there's a lot of stuff to do but like it's not like bustling and hustling like L. A. Is.
it's like an hour drive away. It's pretty easy.
You could come
come
on.
okay.
I've done it like three times this week already so like it's not like the first time I've done it so I'm pretty like familiar with this stuff really.
mm That's an intriguing question. Um I speculated that like it might be too like maybe just study like interactions between people but like I'm not sure like what they're particularly studying about these interactions or you're testing out like a new like video conferencing kind of platform I guess but I'm not really sure which one is more likely. I'm kind of leaning towards like the human interactions but like yeah that's my thoughts at the moment
um I guess save it up or spend it however I don't know like I I like I'm a pretty frugal person so I hate spending money, but like if I were to spend money, I'd rather spend this type of money where like it doesn't dig into like any of the my actual savings really, so.
What?
how do you even do that, just like
me
subscriptions or white merchandise?
Like
like I don't know, I mean there's there's some people, I don't know what you get out of like an anime subscription because there's like a bunch of like just websites that just have like um they just downloaded and uploaded to the site, so I'm not sure.
Yeah. Are you looking avid enemy watcher or like fan of japanese culture?
You
it
is,
I'm
all
the time,
you know?
Yeah.
Mhm. How long did you stay in Japan?
Uh No, I haven't, I really want to go, but like, you know, with the situation and I'm probably not going anytime soon. Uh
Ha
uh yeah, I'm an undergraduate student right now in college, so um yeah, I just do this on the site to like just make a bunch of side money I guess to maybe pay for
tuition, maybe like go out with some friends with some food and really? So
uh medical and cell biology at the moment,
I'm just getting into it right now.
Yeah. I don't know, I'm not the biggest fan of chemistry. I'd rather just swearing about like pathways in the body or like some certain like body or like maybe like the bodily systems, I don't know. Chemistry just not my thing. It's like, I don't like the insane like math that goes with it or like the quantum mechanics stuff. Like I'm not I'm not the biggest fan really.
I mean that stuff is easy, but it's just like really tedious.
I've heard like it's one of the harder majors in my school because like, you have to like actually like do the kinetics of the reactions of like say like sell your respiration or like what is success? It's it sounds difficult anyways.
Yeah. I think I think there's probably uh in my major is probably more biology focused in chemistry, but there's for sure chemistry that I have to learn.
yeah, I'm thinking of becoming like a researcher uh specifically in like cancer cells and how they actually affect it and then like maybe develop some, like, I don't know, this might be a bit more like optimistic, but like perhaps like here some type of thing or at least like contribute to a cure for it.
Um I've read some of the research papers and my professors have published, but I haven't really been into like actual like credited science journalist yet, so.
course,
Yeah, I could just be a wacky or something in my first years, I'm kind of
Oh hockey.
Uh no, it's just like a guy that does like the dirty work, like maybe I just like felt the test tubes or something, that's what the, what,
that's
generally what like undergrads do if they get a research position in a lab.
Yeah, they do all like the, for lack of better terms, like not interesting stuff, like maybe they, maybe they like do some spreadsheets or like organizing data or
like. Yeah.
Yeah.
Right. Yeah, I've been considering it like, but like, I don't know if I want to continue and cell molecular biology or if I want to go into like another sub discipline like microbiology or like immunology genetics or something like that.
yeah, for sure. Because like, well it's just a bachelors, like, I don't know, there's just a lot more like demand for more like human, like for me more like uh human knowledge and narrow like you want to hire people that have like more knowledge. So like a person with a bachelor's like sure they could get a job as a research assistant, but like a person with like a masters or PhD can probably win something and like more like
it opens up more pathways. Like if you don't want to become like a researcher, you could probably become like a professor or like a more or you could probably win a job like maybe like a big pharmaceutical company. Like it just opens more doorways than just getting a bad choice in a science.
definitely. Why did you get started with prolific? Like what was your motivation?
You mentioned pursuing a PhD and like japanese like politics I think you said so. And then you said you were originally like something in the life science majors as an under grab. So you said like, okay, I'm just destroyed your desire to stay in the sciences. Mhm. Listen,
we're talking
about
You
can,
Yeah.
I'm
You said
I'm sorry.
Yeah. Yeah. This years have been crazy. There's been a lot of polarization to say the waste
china.
No, I'm more like central ish. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah, California is an interesting state. You have people from both sides like trying to voice their opinions. I'm like, we could just agree to disagree and just leave it at that really. Mhm. Yeah.
I
don't know.
Yeah, I see. Like, I mean, yeah, stuff is pretty chill, so I'm pretty grateful for that. I'm not in like a very like um charged
place I guess uh
Sadly I couldn't even vote because I wasn't 18 at that time, so
yeah, it's whatever, it's, yeah, it kind of was, but whatever, I guess I could vote in like congressional elections I guess next time.
I
think,
I think, I think they had like in person polling places, but I think uh there was a pretty sizable amount of people that just mailed it in. Thank you.
Yeah, like I I saw on the boat that like Kanye's and I'm like, oh I guess I guess that was a quirk.
mainly I'm just like
pretty adverse or like apathetic to politics, like it's whatever, I don't like the divisions that creates really, so that's why I generally avoid discussing it or associating with it really.
You
know, I've been in California in my whole life, so
I've
traveled for like a couple of family reunions. Like I've
been to Asia, my my parents home country of Vietnam. I've been to some other states like Arizona and then like texas. But then I haven't stayed that much. So like I always stayed with my families relatives, so I haven't been able to like experience the culture and like appreciate it fully I guess because I had such a short time there.
I went to mostly the southern parts. Um like so like uh Coachman City originally named Saigon or like uh this place called like uh what was it john hang or something like that. It was my dad's hometowns.
Yeah, so I've been there and then like uh yeah, that was basically all, but that was like 2, 3 years ago, so it's pretty hazy in my head. But I think I I got the general memories down in my head, correct life. Yeah.
I mean like the, it depends on where you go really because some of them because some of the places are like really in the slums and then some of the places are like really like beautiful and pretty. So like it just depends, it depends on where you tore. Really?
I mean I would, I didn't really notice it because like, I mean it was, I didn't really see any tour. I'm not sure if it was just the part of the city that I was staying with my family in. But like I didn't really notice much travelers at that time because I went in the winter. So I'm not sure if like most americans just stayed home or like went to different parts, but I'm not sure if it was just not a popular tourist attraction in my part of the city or there just weren't any, a lot of tourists there in general.
It's
such, it's such an iconic and great food. Yeah.
Yeah. It's really, I mean you could just leave it overnight on the summer. That's what my parents generally do, but that, but it's it's really labor intensive I guess. Mhm.
ST
What?
Yeah, it's interesting. Oh yeah. I would, Japan's at the top of my list, but there's a bunch of other countries I really want to visit. Like uh I really want to go to like maybe like Norway or Finland because I'm really into the north countries to also so like it's gonna be a hard decision but like yeah. Mhm.
I guess I just wanna see that. I'm not sure. It just seems like an interesting place. Like I can't really pinpoint one thing I could just point out. Really?
What?
All right well that's cool talking to you. I hope you have a great rest of the day.