Hi. I'm
sorry. I'm so late. I didn't realize that putting me in this morning. So
I my chat person yesterday we were talking we got like 22 minutes into the conversation and then I think one of our connections went down
was probably mine
and she she clicked out of it or something and I tried to get back. I couldn't get back and they wouldn't they didn't give me money for the chat. So so I put down a bunch of times I could chat and then You know, but I slept late today and when I got up I noticed they had put me in one at 11. I was like how great. So
anyway here I am
glad
you waited.
Oh yeah. Yeah, that's pretty good. So anyway, I'm Karen, I'm here in Virginia. Where are you from? What's your name?
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I like Chicago. It's a good town. I visited a couple of times
if I look like that because I did anyway. Go ahead.
Yeah I I can.
Can you hear
me
Oh that's nice. You should
visit, there's a lot of things to do this time of the year. Not great. There was a little hot and humid so but you know it should be getting pretty soon within the next couple of weeks getting
have had a ton of rain this summer. Like a ton of ring. I mean this is, they said a few days ago it was the second Rania's. Whether the second Rania's august
and you know august is not over yet. So I'm expecting just one second. I gotta take a tissue box away from the cat.
He's beating right now. Okay. Stop, stop go. Yeah, they are so weird.
Just one.
Yes. Yeah. He's a trip though. So how is your weather been this summer?
gosh.
No way. Oh that must have been right now.
You
know
I was
warming
I'm like so what so what did you um what did you do, did you go in the closet or
under
or?
No?
Good.
I
don't
know
I had I had a big tornado, well actually now it wasn't it wasn't probably that huge of a tornado but but like I live sort of I live it's in the country but I'm quite surrounded by trees and um I hear the power went out the first thing okay it really really really hard and then the power went out and this was like about 11 o'clock at night, it was right before the 11 o'clock news was supposed to come on so then they probably thought they might have known something about this and told me, but I mean it was like you know then I started to hear trees fall down and I was like and once I was on the roof anyway I got in the closet and I tried to get the cat and dog to come in in there with me and they wouldn't come and I was like you know, and it was like the wind was shrieking and all this stuff and then it was like um I was starting to think to myself if I should get into like the crouch position or something and then it stopped and but there was it was so weird because it was like you know you could look up in the ceiling and see the tree and the like insulation fell on the ground and it looked like I mean on the floor and it looks like snow, you know there was stuff dripping, yeah stuff dripping and then later like I called I don't know somebody like the fire department or whatever and um out and then I actually called the news too because I want to be on the news that sort of all this damage and stuff and me drama queen. So anyway then I look out they come two were 4:00 and I'm warning or something and I look outside and it looked like it had snowed you know and this was like you know 11 cold mountain snow it was like March or you know something and there were hailstones all over the place. So
what what happened what kind
of damages get?
I
mean did
you
personal?
Whoa.
And your commando?
Your condo, your condo
roof blew off.
black
small.
That
would
have been awful, wow.
Mhm. Was that part of it? Oh yeah it sounds like it, was that part of that Derecho
or Derecho or whatever they're talking about. What happened in Iowa where they had a bunch of tornadoes in a row or something.
Is that part of that system
I know they did interview me for the news. I never got to see it because the power was off
so my but I probably looked probably even worse than I do right
now so
there.
my gosh I don't know thanks so much I guess that's just global warming causing all these problems you know so
and
now.
I did at that time. I don't know. The cat was, the cat's looking at you, he's like what's that strange
person on the computer?
That's so funny.
Oh what time does he?
Oh no I have when it visited visits here. Yeah my friend has a chihuahua blast
type
and he comes every
like every oh no nico he comes
like every other. He wants to like push buttons and see what happens. It comes like every other week. And yeah
he's he's cute. It's not like the cat either.
That's just I mean
my gosh just
oh yeah they're cool. This chihuahua like loves to play. Well he used to love to play, he's kind of getting older now. How how old is yours?
I think
that's
Yeah I think Jack's is about eight. He um he used to be a toy fanatic. I mean I got him I got him a new one last week and you know he didn't really play with it that much. It was like I thought it would be a big kid you know? But he was just like a bird. Yeah I've seen that before.
The house. Okay.
Something really fun. Right.
So what is your week? What's the rest of your sunday looks
like you have to go back to work on them there?
No.
Oh
yeah, that's the story with a lot of people these days. It seems like, Oh my gosh, I actually, yeah, I have a degree in counseling actually. I've
done some members before. Yeah. Um Well, I mean I'm technically retired, but like I, you know, I do do some work. I mean like I do a lot of like kind of fun jobs, you know, like I do mystery shopping for like a perfect complexes. So that's funny. Yeah. I kind of go and pretend I'm on like rent apartments. I will pretend to be a, you know, interested, you know, whatever. It's fun because you know, you get to see a lot of unique things. A
lot of unique places. Yeah, like I go to the city of Richmond a lot in Richmond has like really,
like
some really interesting places, like historic places and stuff. And uh, the last one I went to was really wild. It was like an old converted bank building and like from the hundreds. Yeah, I mean, and like they had the vault, you know, like, and it was a seating area and stuff. So it was like, I was like, wow, it really was like, I even took a picture. I don't usually do that, but it was so unique. I want to throw it, you know?
So
it was
Yeah, it was a common areas of what it was. Yeah, it was like a community
club
room or whatever. So it was really different. So, so you like working from home or
would you prefer to be in an office somewhere?
you're yeah, actually, I was talking to a therapist earlier this summer and it was I didn't know it really wasn't very good because like you said, I think the connection thing and plus it was like it was only like a half an hour session and it's like I didn't really like her because she didn't seem to be very invested at all. I mean it was kind of like one of these, oh well I'm feeling sick so I have to cancel the appointment or there's something wrong with my connection, you know I mean? And then she she was one of these people that would be looking at the clock and that to me is like the ultimate redness, you know I mean you're like looking at the clock or
like
I mean I don't like I was like I was thinking to myself, I'm like 10 times a better therapist than you and I haven't done this for a week
for years, you know, so I don't know,
I'm
gonna
and yeah,
and then they have the nerve to like charge me all this money, which I didn't think I was going to be paying.
So it's like it's not going to be happening because I'm not I'm not paying for those stupid sessions. I don't listen to me. I mean, you know, and then, you know, to her benefit. I mean, I wasn't the easiest personal, listen who I was pretty upset, but I mean, you know.
I know.
it was the whole thing like that. Yeah. Well like what were, you know, so I mean And
I mean, yeah, it was a good experience really. You know, I've had real therapy before. I know how it's supposed to work. It's not so basically, you know, saying nothing, you know, other than like maybe you should get a job or something like that and looking at her watch,
not
great.
Hey, why don't you leave? And I'll take you.
Your clients would appreciate it. I'm sure. Anyway,
what
I mean.
So have you always lived in Chicago or
no, I mean I'm from pennsylvania originally, but I've been here for, Let's see since 1984, so it's been a long time, long time. But um, do you think actually about going back to pennsylvania just because like my parents are there and they're older, you know, they could probably use some help or something and I do miss my home area. I mean after all that's the it's nicer. I mean it's a but the winters are so bad. You know the winter really bad. I mean because it's northwestern pennsylvania like eerie kind of like on the same latitude like the Chicago would be so the same, you know, really super blustery weather. You know now the winters are harsh so. And
that is well originally
lived here with my son's father. So yeah, my husband got
a job down here. So
um he was working for the government. So I was, yeah, you know around the
Washington area and most of the time that I've been here, so okay. Yeah, it was it was fun place to be a lot more fun than here because this is like sort of a wilderness. So yeah,
the only way
and yeah, she probably know it is the further away you are from the city, the cheaper it gets. I mean it was that one of those kind of things
snap. Yeah. So I mean in order to have a nice house or whatever, I had to come, ouch, but it's you know it's a there's a beautiful lake here. So you know
it's sort of a trade. Yeah, I don't want to live here. I mean I want I want to live here like really bad.
That's good. Well look I said there's there's nothing really going on, you know, it's like boring. Oh way.
But
so what
I really hope so. You know, I need to do in order to get enough money to move. I mean I've got to do some, you know fairly major work around here. You know what I mean? Like like right now I'm in furniture getting furniture, but I also have some dental bills and now some things like my car, you know it's something something you know you
never
really get ahead because something that happens you know it
was
like all I want to do is spend money on getting the house ready and stuff. But it's like every month like now I got something wrong with a CV boot in my car or something or the C. V. Joint. I don't know
something
always
hang
up. No really I wish I knew one. Well my roommate was kind of a good mechanic you know but I'm not sure if he would have gone as far as I like to be able to fix this. So I don't know I've been a little bit of his wheelhouse. I don't know he did fix my writing Long Board one. So
yeah. So do you live by yourself then
or?
we look very old yourself. You must get mistaken for a college student.
Getting up their world 30 I'm
on.
Mhm. When you're 30 my son just 1033.
Yeah well actually his birthday is tomorrow as a matter of fact
that he's in burns up.
Yeah he's got a yeah but I don't
know that's
um yeah yeah I guess I mean I wanna well that's the other thing that was covid it's like
you know down there so anyway but so what do you you have clients tomorrow or what?
No
no.
ouch okay yeah that's good I mean that that is that is one good thing about working from home so that's what I like about shopping I mean it's very flexible I mean I just do it whenever I feel the you know need or desire so
but huh
mm I don't know I was just looking for something to do and um it seemed like you know that was this particular company I work for pays pretty well for it. Most most companies don't I mean most mystery shopping jobs are you know not very well paying but you know they pay the most and you know they've been in business a long time and plus they you know they pay the same month if you get it done by the seventh so that's a perk too. So
anyway.
Yeah just just to see whether or not you know the um employees are sticking to their script. Um No word now whether or not like the say they show you an apartment whether or not it's like already fit for habitation or if there's something wrong with it. You know what your impressions are
customer, that type of thing.
Yeah it's kind of fun. I mean if you're just looking for a few bucks, there would be plenty of work around Chicago, but you
know, you can find something better. So I don't know.
Right. I don't, Oh, I know what it was. I was doing some other stuff online. Um, I was doing this little thing that used to be called post loop where you would post and they would pay you for comments and things like that. And uh, I was in some sort of forum that was part of post sleep where people were talking about their online jobs and things like that. And a lot of people were mentioning prolific. I thought, well, prolific. Sounds kind of interesting to check out. And I did, I mean, I've made a lot of money on here actually. What about you? How to get about prolific?
Well,
I think
the recruiting and I think, I think they've had I think they've had things up. Yeah, they said join us or whatever.
I think
they're looking
for
people
in the evening
probably.
Yeah, they
seem really nice
and prolific. Really fair. I mean, I really
like them. So
they
sing them. Yeah. Well there's not much longer than you have to chat. We started at 11 18. Right? So
Now it's time
We
started
at 11, 10 more minutes.
That's
our okay. I'm only
no.
I don't know. I know we started at 11:18 and 11:42 now.
So um Yeah, so 20, probably less than 10 minutes by my calculations. But that's fine if I was my connection doesn't drop uncertainly fine chatting
that
long. Yeah, I mean, you're interested to the other person that I had on here. She was like, I don't know, I don't think she was very involved in the conversation. I mean plus she seemed like she
was
really depressed. She was like this the whole time. And then it was like and she was talking about how she had just broken up with somebody and this was like her first weekend. All her something close, she was his life, wondering what with herself and all this stuff
shit getting it was like a movie,
I'm
moving told me in the past
what stumbled into a hornet's nest.
we shouldn't start crying or something. Oh
boy
Oh man. 1 1 hi I talked to a guy last time though. I mean the other two experiences I had were really good. I talked to somebody in michigan who was I don't know you know she had a very northern lifestyle or whatever. You know they had the wood stove and all that. She was making cool yeah maybe all things you know like black bottom cupcakes and you know it was it was a fun thing so I like talking to her she was very friendly and then and then I talked to a guy who was actually from chile but he was living at the university of Maryland so you know we got into a good chatty's book english. Really well so
have you done this
talking?
No
way.
Well I
was
I mean I just I couldn't believe they had me scheduled this morning already because I mean it was only like late yesterday afternoon that I was trying to like talk to somebody so well like I said we were talking that like they wouldn't give me credit for the session because it didn't go The full 25 minutes. I was like darn it. And he so what are you gonna do I mean?
Well anyway, but at least you know at least here today. So what else are you going to do today
if you have any other plans? It's
a little earlier there.
New scale,
it's a regular happen. The
okay. Maybe I should, maybe I should try that because I'm into like the money making apps too.
Haven't
heard
of it.
that
sounds like product, that's another one. Like that
product tube, have you heard of that
one? That's the same kind of thing.
But I have never um I've never had a video accepted by them. Um I went, I was doing 11 time on, I knew it was like Lysol or something and they didn't, I don't know why they didn't take the video but like um Scout sounds interesting but you know, they may have more work like around the city like Chicago like here in a rural area. Um I don't, I don't know if it would be that much for me to do. Do you ever do feel that that's another one
that's
a like little mystery shopping app.
Product product tube. Yeah. That sounds just like the Scout and actually
you
know,
yeah you have to go places. What about these guys? Do you have to go and pick up the stuff? Where
is it
things you ever
have?
It could just get into the room.
I mean it's your house.
Oh wow. Yeah that's that's pretty interesting. I'm going to have to like check that out and see, you know, see if, how much do they pay on average is of like 10 or 15 per job or something
or?
well,
I mean,
all
now you have to like apply for discounted, did they just sort of like take you?
One.
Thank you.
Well, it sounds almost exactly like product too, but it's been like with product tube, like I said, they usually will still send you on a mission. I mean there's none that I've ever just done. Um you know, just like from my home or something like they want you to like, you know, film something in a store and then talk about it. But yeah, it's kind of a pain because I mean, I know one time I was like, I was in the store and I saw the product, it was some kind of candle, but like I couldn't do it at the time or something and the next time I went back they didn't have it. So I was like, you
know
my
product to
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, but you know where I shop, like it's not that busy, so it's not like people are probably not going to be in
the aisle, like scoping you out, you know
that you're doing so okay, fortunately C 20. I think we I think we've actually
talked
about
30 minutes now.
we're probably going to, yeah, nice meeting you too. We have a great rest of the day
and thanks for the tip. I'm gonna check out these
scouts by Yeah.