Okay. Mm hmm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm mm mm. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh, okay. It wasn't yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Yeah, of course. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. What have you done? Okay. Mhm. Yes, you can access. I'm just kidding. This is done. Yeah. What happened to you for me? Thank you. Just just give me the money. Let me take a moment today. I think this is not in the summer of next year, you know? And at that time. Yes. Yeah. Let's take a look. No place to go. Oh, hi.
man.
no problem.
I
don't know.
well
I was I
was hoping
to hear so I was like, oh no. Uh it worked out.
I'm Christi and I'm in Chicago.
Yeah, I remember
uh you said you were you were in Virginia, Virginia. Can you hear me Okay?
That's really
well,
Yes, perfectly. Um yeah, virgin yeah, Virginia I've never been there
and
Have you guys had any like extreme weather or anything? Yeah
I'm
sure my problem.
How many cats do you have?
There's always one.
It's crazy. We actually like just a week or so ago I had a tornado just ripped down my street which there's never tornadoes in Chicago. Like literally tree smashing cars,
this huge tree oh my gosh it took out like three cars. It was crazy.
You know it happens so fast that like I got like the warning on my phone or whatever like saying you know take shelter or whatever and I'm such an idiot. Like I never can remember if it's like the watch that is more serious or if it's warning and I was like yeah and the next thing I
know
it was like like
it
was so crazy. Yeah it's morning but I don't remember that now.
I
didn't I didn't
do anything at all because like I said, I thought it was, I didn't
just, we always get like the watches or whatever, but I don't know, I was like not really big
attention that I should have fortunately, I'm lucky and like I could see everything happened, but nothing happened like, so my back windows that kind of fell in and so the stuff blue everywhere, but
I
mean
I was fine, fortunately. Yeah. Yeah.
my gosh,
I
like I said
nothing
much.
The roof
pieces of the roof, I guess blew off. I live in a condo, like a condo
building. So, but
what's that? Sorry? What was that
now?
No, just there's a piece that I think of it that were found on the ground. Um and
so I don't,
I don't think anything that bad happened compared to like other people because like, I mean like I said, other people's cars were smashed like completely
out
long.
I got I got lucky but yeah,
what?
I
think it was around that time, but I'm not sure actually. Um Our power also went out then for a couple of days so I was, I didn't watch the news for a little while.
no.
no,
you probably nailed the interview and
yeah, you're a hit. You made the Oh. Uh
scary. Yeah. It's very scary.
What
did you say? You have a you have a dog as well? Sorry?
I
have a I have
He's very much knocked out but he sleeps in the window over there,
visit to Ottawa.
I
am
important.
John
Hey.
That's so funny.
The back part of the bus
dreadful.
He's seven so he's getting up there. He's still pretty funky
though.
Well.
you have to do better.
No.
Uh huh.
Crime.
Um I pretty much work from home now. I'm a therapist so
that's nice. Mhm.
Yeah.
way.
I don't really
thank
you.
definitely.
And that was like, was it like one
was like the vault in the place where people believe it was like a common area or was that like in the
so
far?
I
definitely like working from home and so much as like I hate I have to drive anywhere and all that stuff. But it does make it more difficult to establish connection with like new patients. Like maintaining all the patients has been not that has been okay. Um Not ideal but okay. but but trying to get more people invest, new people invested, it's a little bit difficult, you know?
my
gosh.
yikes!
That
does
not look good experience. Oh it's awful.
Please.
No.
well all the more reason to be empathic and and and very much present, wow. Was it like a taliban do
you say? Was it was it like a palace I think?
that's charts.
jesus. Maybe
you
should get a new job lady.
Maybe we could just as opposed to yeah.
So
funny.
She's not here. Yeah.
Um I haven't, I've been here for about 10 years now, I moved here for grad school. Um but before that I was in Michigan. Yeah. So you, have you always lived in Virginia?
Well, can I ask um, what made you go to Virginia or was it just
no
gunshot
gunshot?
How
You
have a nice trees. Oh, was that? I'm sorry. What was that?
I see. I say.
lovely.
Well.
Do you feel like you'll be
able to
transition under there or? Mm
there's
always,
No,
absolutely,
That is different
from the
mechanic
or something like that.
Hey, that, that's a pretty, it's pretty ransom.
I do,
yeah, producing in my little swallow. Uh yeah. I like, I like it. Um, I like my place. I like, I'm pretty far north out of the city. Like I also, it is cheaper this way. I'm still within the city limits and I'm actually right by, um, I don't know if you're familiar with the area, but there's like a northwestern is like right right by me now. So it's kind of like a college town feel to it, which I really like. Uh yeah.
Oh, thank you. I'm definitely getting out there, but, but they,
I'm in a three year 33 just
get
Over the Oh,
no way.
Woo.
No.
So that's a no.
oh yeah, it was even
I do have one tomorrow. Things are actually, so I'm looking for another job because because it's just so um, so yeah,
tomorrow
and then they just kind of scared about the week. It's nice. I can kind of make my own hours and stuff. It's pretty decent. Big.
Yeah. How did you get into that?
How did you get into that? Like that's kind of
It's
like, what are they? I mean, what are you I guess I'm not familiar. Are you, What are they trying to have? You do like a sauce or figure out or? Oh,
That's cool.
That's it.
It
I've never really heard of that time. And then you look into that. How did you stumble upon prolific then?
Um Well, I I was really into like I was in grad school. I was doing like my own research and everything. And so I came across it through just like looking at, you know, actually using it as a researcher. Um And I was like, oh, well this is cool. And it's kind of like, I like the idea of contributing to, you know, academic research. And so I think it's, yeah, I like I love this actually kind of really want to work for them. I'm hoping to maybe someday. Um But it
doesn't
for opportunities.
I've
seen
that, but I
think
it's mostly and I think if I remember graduates and Absolutely
UK. Yeah. Which I'll definitely
move there. Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
I
used to. Yeah,
definitely.
I think we have another 15 minutes I think around that. No, no, no, sorry,
25. So like
all
the time.
I think
so.
I looked at the time or when
you when you came on and I had a little time they have another page and it was like 15 minutes had gone by and then it's 37 now. So yeah, so just under time, does that make sense? Or am I doing it right?
Hello?
girl. You're
so
you
know?
no.
Yeah, it's
all
What was that?
Yeah, I was like you okay, can I? It's okay.
Really
give you any like guidelines as to how to just like crazy situation, you know?
That's a war.
I've
only I've tried so many and no one ever shows up. So I got one person finally yesterday after like probably trying 10 at least 10 times and
so
I don't know yet. But I got lucky since I got yesterday then today it worked out. But no other than that I've been just like just stay there and nobody wants to talk to me. So, but that would be the only
asked
me. It was good to yeah. So good. Mhm.
Like some, some studies are very um I think they have just limited funding. So I guess I I guess I understand the grad student and me some sympathetic but at the same time that I also feel for you because that's what Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
You
know,
I actually have another research thing to this. There's like this Alcalde de Scout and they it's kind of like marketing research stuff and you like just like on this app and you have to do like little videos and talk about different products or try things like out. That's kind of cool stuff to do that later. Um
D Scout.
D. I C O U T.
That's I'm running
that
here.
You have to like you kind of have to so you basically you do these little like applications for the different missions they have and takes like 5 to 10 minutes. But you have to make little videos. Um Just you know, talking about whatever. Answer their questions, whatever. Um And
so.
Like sounds like what?
No.
What?
I feel
different
in the heart of that one field agent and product to use the product tube.
So
for
the just like go places or anything or can you just
usually
no,
You
know, one time I
whatever.
Yeah. One time. This one last one I did. It was just an app. They wanted me to try out and so I had to like use it and then talk about my experience and the time I had to like make up like a Starbucks drink. And like another time I had um see if there was any once or twice that I got like a product sent to me or I had to do something. But for the most part, it's mostly talking about like my experiences with Youtube or I don't know. Something like that. Yeah.
no
no the one I'm doing when I just finished I got $100 for and what I'm doing
today anyway
for $40. Um And they vary in length. Sometimes
you're like like diary journal that you to keep for like a week, but I mean it's like 10 minutes to do if you want, you know each day. But I'm
no you just sign up and then but you have to just apply for each mission and so you have to apply a lot and they don't always take you. Um But like I would say just don't get discouraged because I've told my friends about this thing like they don't ever picked me and they like to give up after like five. I'm like you got to you know do it plus you have to kind of figure out like how to
um you know, like what it is they're looking for, how to, you know how to talk, you know? Anyways. Yeah, I would
definitely got into it.
That would
be
offered
to I would be like embarrassed. I feel like you forgot.
That's
it.
I think
so
too.
well, it was lovely meeting you.
No.
likewise.