SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hello.
SPEAKER_R: How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Pretty good. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing all right.
SPEAKER_L: All right, so I kind of suck at conversation.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. No worries. Uh Same.
SPEAKER_L: fair enough.
SPEAKER_R: Um So I guess uh what you know, brought you to prolific, like, like got you into it.
SPEAKER_L: I'm basically just casual extra money earning pays the wifi bill every month.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I found
SPEAKER_L: It,
SPEAKER_R: out through uh a friend who's working in like the university that I go to and she uses like prolific in their lab. And so she was like, hey, if you want like, you know, side money, that's pretty easy to get like, you should check it out. And I was like, you know, why not? I pretty much just yeah, use it to help pay the bills also, but you know, it's kind of like my little like rainy day fund thing going on, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I have pretty much found it through Reddit on the beer money threads.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, yeah. Yeah, I follow that thread too.
SPEAKER_L: There's definitely some useful stuff on there occasionally. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Are you uh in school right now or anything or?
SPEAKER_L: I was haven't been for a while. Not really sure if I'm going to go back this point. I'm just not really all that certain what I'm doing with my life. But sure it'll come to me eventually. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, I'm in school currently. I go to uh ut Austin. It's a really nice school. I'm studying nursing right now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I was studying history but basically just a lot of personal stuff happened and kind of just didn't end up going back one semester and now I haven't been back since. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So have you done this um study before, or?
SPEAKER_L: No, this is my first time around.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, I did the previous round, they had it like a month or two ago I think. So then when they released the second round I was like oh my gosh, like I gotta hop on it because it pays
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: super
SPEAKER_L: mean,
SPEAKER_R: well, like.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely. It's like 17 bucks or something in total for about half an hour of time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely, it's like but like I make more through this and like my part time job right now,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Unfortunately most part time work does not pay very well.
SPEAKER_R: definitely not.
SPEAKER_L: I haven't actually worked since the whole covid pandemic began a little before
SPEAKER_R: It makes.
SPEAKER_L: that actually.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How have you been uh dealing with that?
SPEAKER_L: Um a lot of online stuff pretty much selling things. Yeah, I had a lot in savings in the first place, so it hasn't been too bad for me. Yes, I live in Oklahoma, so everything is really cheap,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Are you like in rural Oklahoma or? Yeah. Yeah, I haven't been much uh up to Oklahoma, but like my school has like a quote unquote rivalry with ou And um I think I don't know, I don't really watch the games, but apparently we lost him on this weekend or something. I don't know, it's like a huge deal, but I don't really care too much about that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm actually moving out there towards norman sometime within the next year. So yeah, it's where, Oh you is. You didn't know that already. It's supposed to be a lot more chill with hopefully a lot more to do than uh the current rural Hellscape I am occupied in. Yeah. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: you know um I don't know like what what stuff do you like to do?
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm pretty boring. I listen to music, go on, walks my cat occasionally play video games, watch movies. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: What kind of what kind of music do you listen to?
SPEAKER_L: Honestly, I know a lot of people say everything, but essentially everything that isn't like country or most like modern, indie music or whatever you would call, they play on the radio these days, basically my music taste for the most part just kind of ins and like 2011.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I like listening to Pop mostly like some early 2000 stuff just for the nostalgia. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I definitely feel that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Some artists I listened to uh like choice of on Haley Hugo. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if you know them but
SPEAKER_L: I honestly I have not heard of them. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, they're not really as big but Ariana grande, I'm pretty sure you've heard of her at least.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. Kind of only heard of her because she was dating Mac Miller at one point. Honestly, I haven't really kept up with much pop music, it's just like kind of music doesn't have much of a nostalgia factor to me. It's just not nearly as good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean that's valid. Okay. I feel like I kind of stayed up amongst my friends in terms of my music taste because everyone is like, I don't know, I would say like more unique with her music choice, but I'm just that basic bitch I like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: mean, yeah, that's fine to just be perfectly normal. Not everybody has to listen to some extremely obscure sub genre. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But.
SPEAKER_L: Have like I want to say 5000 songs in total on my phone. Just a ridiculous array of music, everything from classic rock to hip hop, metal. Just Yeah, pretty much most things you can think of.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's a lot like they so I don't know, I'm not the kind of person that listens to the same songs over and over again until like I stumble across something that I like listening to. I also
SPEAKER_L: Wasn't.
SPEAKER_R: like listening to classical music, but that's just mostly when I'm like trying to calm down or like study and so.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, there's classical music, have some like really long technical advanced songs, you could just put on in the background and just kind of chill last about 20 minutes, so you don't have to change anything or look for anything new for a while. I basically put together compilations to listen to when I walk or jog. I have like probably 30 playlists on my phone of all sorts of crap. Also been trying to read more lately, but just really depends on how my attention span is feeling day to day. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry, I'm just I'm just really tired
SPEAKER_L: Yes.
SPEAKER_R: right now. I don't know why but like
SPEAKER_L: No, you're perfectly fine.
SPEAKER_R: um I don't know like I guess just random things about me. I um like cats as well have a cat named hazel. She's like a 10 year old Torti,
SPEAKER_L: Means.
SPEAKER_R: so she's kind of like an old lady but she's really sweet. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Let's say I love like being outdoors a lot. Like I like hiking, I like swimming um Just being out there like away from civilization I guess. Uh I don't know what else. I like
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: playing video games,
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: time to time. I play a lot of like pc games mostly and yeah, I like, and I just turned 21 a
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: few days ago so
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: probably gonna get more into,
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: you know, try not new drinks and stuff too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm 23 honestly, I think I've only bought alcohol maybe a dozen times in my life. I just I got a med card, so
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: I I prefer pot. Yeah. Yeah. I also
SPEAKER_R: This.
SPEAKER_L: have a cat. His name is Peanut. He's really big and fluffy and orange and it's pretty much like one of my best friends. Unfortunately.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I had to shut him out during this conversation because otherwise he tried crawling all over my laptop like he always does.
SPEAKER_R: does he? Yeah, a lot too.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, he's very talkative.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I like I've tried pot before, like I did it for a while, like the past two years, but I don't know why up until recently it's just been making me real anxious every single time I do it. So I've I'm just
SPEAKER_L: There's,
SPEAKER_R: not.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it happens to a lot happens to a lot of people, unfortunately, definitely. It's just not something that's for everyone. And I feel like a lot of people that do smoke a lot of pot or use a lot of pot tend to think that it is for everyone for some reason. But yeah, I try to not be annoying like that. What kind of peace see games do you play?
SPEAKER_R: Um I play league um some
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Valorous CS co uh mixed between like mobiles and shooters. Um I like playing started valley as like a chill game. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: It's my most recent game that I've played. Uh look, point some Rpgs, I've played Skyrim, I've played Witcher three. Um I've been pretty into among us recently because it's, you know, it's kind of blowing up right now. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I'm pretty much like a lot of Bethesda RPgs, I poured probably hundreds of hours of my life into fallout games. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Elder scrolls, I haven't really played Skyrim that much, but back when Oblivion was, first thing, I've probably spent like the later half of my seventh grade year just playing that endlessly. Currently, I've actually recently repurchased Fallout three in new Vegas for Xbox one, and uh yeah, currently just pouring hours into Fallout three at the moment whenever I have the chance.
SPEAKER_R: Do you prefer playing like on console or pc?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, Xbox, I am just, I don't know, I'm too technically stupid to uh figure out everything I would want to figure out on a Pc because I figure out, I figured like if I got
SPEAKER_R: Man.
SPEAKER_L: huge game like that, I would want to start mopping it and I've read about that and like if you get things that conflict with each other, you'll pretty much just be messing with your lowered order for hours on end. That just sounds frustrating and not very fun and maybe I'll get into it one day when
SPEAKER_R: Here
SPEAKER_L: I have
SPEAKER_R: she.
SPEAKER_L: a lot more time on my hands. But now I just I had to stoop councils.
SPEAKER_R: Well it's valid. Do you have uh the switch?
SPEAKER_L: So oh my do I haven't played anything aside from the newest animal crossing on it though, I'm going to get that new Mario All Stars eventually. It's been like years since I played super Mario 64 I feel like that would be a lot of fun.
SPEAKER_R: mm hmm. I've played some switch games, mostly just smash a little bit like splatter tune, but I don't have one myself, like I usually just play with my friends whenever they bring there's over or something, but yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I used to be bigger
SPEAKER_L: If you're
SPEAKER_R: into console gaming until like I got like a pc that's well enough to like run most uh more intense games and ever since then I just sticked with pc I guess,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think a lot of people generally do that once you start playing on PC, there's probably not an overall better experience or reason to go back to consoles basically. I haven't played on PC primarily because the only desktop I've ever owned in my life was like my parents MAC, so I've just had that in laptops and I know if a laptop could run the kind of games I want to play that well without taking up a lot of space anyway. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, mm. But yeah, I haven't really played anything recently that just because I've been super busy, uh I tried to play sometimes like on the weekends, but like most of time if I'm not doing school, I'm working, if I'm not working then I'm just
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: trying
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: to spend some time with people with what limited time I have I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's understandable. Nursing school can be really grueling and occupying. My stepmother went to nursing school rather unsuccessfully actually because it was just so much work.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it definitely is. Mhm. The highway or what what's uh your or what's the reason for you moving to norman?
SPEAKER_L: Um basically I just want to be I don't know somewhere where I can meet people that aren't dumb rednecks I guess. And the fact that where I live now they're just there really isn't much work wise, school wise, restaurant wise, not much of anything really but common fast food and the walmart and basically, yeah, I just, I want to move to a city that isn't Tulsa and that isn't okay, see because they're just to populated too much traffic, norman's. I used to live in Edmond for about a year, my first year of college and I liked it there. And what I've seen seen around norman, it's pretty similar but slightly better overall. So it seems like a good place to settle without going out of state, which I don't really plan on doing least until I have some long term career thing figured out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Um well if you ever get any chance um with going out of state I would say definitely check out austin, like a lot of people hate saying this, but it's kind of true, it's kind of like the little California in texas, like it's
SPEAKER_L: A lot of people are moving to texas these days like Houston and austin and stuff because housing prices in places like California are just skyrocketing insanely. And yeah, the only city I've been to in texas when I was old enough to remember anyway is Dallas and I just happened to go on a vacation with my parents down there right after police busted this giant homeless camp. So basically when I was going through town and looking at museums, they were just homeless people everywhere and it was awful to see. Really?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: Fuck.
SPEAKER_R: pretty effective like I don't know, in Austin it's a little bit better. Um It's a really liberal city, I love that about it, like I love how
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: queer it is too, because I'm from like the Houston suburbs, it's super republican and white and just like it's where redneck and rich republicans meet. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: no. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: when I got to Austin my god, the vibes were so so so nice, like I don't know, everyone's super chill. Um And in fact like with how they handle the homeless, I mean it's still not like the best solution, but I think there's like a certain local law that says like if a homeless person like
SPEAKER_L: Next.
SPEAKER_R: sets up there like I guess
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: area
SPEAKER_L: degree.
SPEAKER_R: and it's not considered private property, then they're allowed to stay so the cops can't let
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: go and you know, get rid of them, Which you know, doesn't really like solve the problem of homelessness, but at least you're not like displacing people and like removing them or but
SPEAKER_L: definitely. Yeah. That's definitely another reason I chose a norman because it's, it's really queer friendly and now I live in a maze county, which is like Republican plus 60% district. It's just kind of batshit crazy conservative. So yeah, a little rough.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, the other day um I'm back in Houston right now just to visit for the weekend. But God there was this lady and her husband, they were selling trump merch at a gas station. I was like really like, oh God, I I swear to God if if he wins again, I don't I don't know, I'm about to move to Canada, the first thing I get. Oh
SPEAKER_L: I'm, I don't know if trump wins again then America's just in general, a lot more stupid than I presumed. Just kind of sad because I already pursue mitt was over all kind of stupid for electing him in the first place, but what do you know I mean we did reelect bush after all, so I wouldn't be too terribly surprised,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: want a babe.
SPEAKER_L: but biden actually seems to be doing pretty good in the midwest so far, so I think at this point it's pretty unlikely for him to be re elected.
SPEAKER_R: I sure
SPEAKER_L: They can.
SPEAKER_R: hope so because I can't stand that man.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Of course, yeah, I I really hate the fact that uh essentially he's developed a entire political party into his own personal personality cult and
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: uh you can't really talk to any of those people basically their entire lives revolve around donald trump at this point. It's kinda like they live in a whole different reality altogether and it's just kinda have to nod your head.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's pretty terrifying how like brainwashed people can be like I have a family friend who is an avid trump supporter because she is an evangelist and she was saying stuff about how like masks cause like, like just brain damage or brilliant ceo to for too long isn't good or something. I don't know something you know like the the crazy
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: wild share that you
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: hear and it just hearing that just like I just smacked me in the face. I was like, I can't believe I'm facing this level of like stupidity in front of me right now. Like I don't, I don't even think like, I mean I don't, I don't know. It's crazy what people
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: believe out there.
SPEAKER_L: its consequence of just unregulated, unfiltered media just in the air waves all over the internet and Fox news and everywhere constantly. You can just see even the most unreliable source and most people just don't have a bullshit filter. So if it confirms like their prior beliefs already there, it's going to be reinforced and uh it's probably a cycle you can easily break out of. But 11 good thing about that actually is republicans will probably be quite aimless after trump has gone, even if he does serve another four years because developing a party into basically complete personality cult is like putting literally all of your eggs and then some into one basket, they just be lost. Once there's no obvious replacement, I think it could in the long term very well cost republicans the next several elections.
SPEAKER_R: I mean that's what I'm hoping for. At least
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Building a coalition isn't easy. And if it's a coalition entirely based off admiration for one man who no one really successfully imitates. Can't really replicate that very easily.
SPEAKER_R: that's true. I just, I don't know like the the american voting system is just kind of already braked in some ways. It's pretty obvious in what ways it's rigged in. But like, I don't know. I think it's just fucked up how like it's like they're giving us like this sense of like we have purpose in terms of voting, but like it all comes down to like the electoral college. It kind of just makes it feel like, I mean I'm still going to vote, but it just makes it feel like the vote doesn't matter because of what else goes on behind the scenes. It's
SPEAKER_L: essentially
SPEAKER_R: just,
SPEAKER_L: due to the Electoral College, your vote does not count even 1/10 as much as someone who lives in Ohio florida or pennsylvania. It's basically candidates compete for the default red and blue states that usually vote red or blue, no matter what and then about they have to appeal to about half a dozen states that will switch back and forth every now and then and definitely leaves a lot of people out.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean the system's fucked. I think it was. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I would say that Electoral College could eventually work to democrats advantages with people from California and the West Coast moving in greater numbers to places like Arizona and texas. Fortunately, I think texas could very well be an actual swing states sometimes the next election cycle or two.
SPEAKER_R: I wouldn't doubt that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: Like,
SPEAKER_L: you look at the last Senate race between Beto and Ted Cruz, a lot of people were expecting cruise to sell the victory by like a 6 to 7% margin, but instead he only won by about 2.5%. So the numbers, numbers are definitely building up against republicans there in the long term.
SPEAKER_R: that's true. I mean, hopefully we see something in the next Yeah, you're years or so. But anyways, um, It was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Nice talking to you, too.
SPEAKER_R: This is
SPEAKER_L: You have a good day.