Hello.
How are you?
I'm doing all right.
Mhm. No worries. Uh Same.
Um So I guess uh what you know, brought you to prolific, like, like got you into it.
Yeah, I found
out through uh a friend who's working in like the university that I go to and she uses like prolific in their lab. And so she was like, hey, if you want like, you know, side money, that's pretty easy to get like, you should check it out. And I was like, you know, why not? I pretty much just yeah, use it to help pay the bills also, but you know, it's kind of like my little like rainy day fund thing going on, so. Yeah.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, I follow that thread too.
Are you uh in school right now or anything or?
Um Yeah, I'm in school currently. I go to uh ut Austin. It's a really nice school. I'm studying nursing right now. Yeah.
So have you done this um study before, or?
Okay. Yeah, I did the previous round, they had it like a month or two ago I think. So then when they released the second round I was like oh my gosh, like I gotta hop on it because it pays
super
well, like.
Yeah, definitely, it's like but like I make more through this and like my part time job right now,
definitely not.
It makes.
Yeah. How have you been uh dealing with that?
Mhm. Are you like in rural Oklahoma or? Yeah. Yeah, I haven't been much uh up to Oklahoma, but like my school has like a quote unquote rivalry with ou And um I think I don't know, I don't really watch the games, but apparently we lost him on this weekend or something. I don't know, it's like a huge deal, but I don't really care too much about that.
But
you know um I don't know like what what stuff do you like to do?
What kind of what kind of music do you listen to?
Mhm. I like listening to Pop mostly like some early 2000 stuff just for the nostalgia. Um
Yeah. Some artists I listened to uh like choice of on Haley Hugo. Um
I don't know if you know them but
yeah, they're not really as big but Ariana grande, I'm pretty sure you've heard of her at least.
Yeah, I mean that's valid. Okay. I feel like I kind of stayed up amongst my friends in terms of my music taste because everyone is like, I don't know, I would say like more unique with her music choice, but I'm just that basic bitch I like
just
But.
Yeah. That's a lot like they so I don't know, I'm not the kind of person that listens to the same songs over and over again until like I stumble across something that I like listening to. I also
like listening to classical music, but that's just mostly when I'm like trying to calm down or like study and so.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry, I'm just I'm just really tired
right now. I don't know why but like
um I don't know like I guess just random things about me. I um like cats as well have a cat named hazel. She's like a 10 year old Torti,
so she's kind of like an old lady but she's really sweet. Um
Let's say I love like being outdoors a lot. Like I like hiking, I like swimming um Just being out there like away from civilization I guess. Uh I don't know what else. I like
playing video games,
time to time. I play a lot of like pc games mostly and yeah, I like, and I just turned 21 a
few days ago so
probably gonna get more into,
you know, try not new drinks and stuff too.
It
This.
I
does he? Yeah, a lot too.
Uh huh. I like I've tried pot before, like I did it for a while, like the past two years, but I don't know why up until recently it's just been making me real anxious every single time I do it. So I've I'm just
not.
Um I play league um some
Valorous CS co uh mixed between like mobiles and shooters. Um I like playing started valley as like a chill game. Uh
It's my most recent game that I've played. Uh look, point some Rpgs, I've played Skyrim, I've played Witcher three. Um I've been pretty into among us recently because it's, you know, it's kind of blowing up right now. What about you?
Mhm.
Do you prefer playing like on console or pc?
Man.
Here
she.
Well it's valid. Do you have uh the switch?
mm hmm. I've played some switch games, mostly just smash a little bit like splatter tune, but I don't have one myself, like I usually just play with my friends whenever they bring there's over or something, but yeah,
I used to be bigger
into console gaming until like I got like a pc that's well enough to like run most uh more intense games and ever since then I just sticked with pc I guess,
Yeah, mm. But yeah, I haven't really played anything recently that just because I've been super busy, uh I tried to play sometimes like on the weekends, but like most of time if I'm not doing school, I'm working, if I'm not working then I'm just
trying
to spend some time with people with what limited time I have I guess.
Yeah, it definitely is. Mhm. The highway or what what's uh your or what's the reason for you moving to norman?
Yeah. Yeah. Um well if you ever get any chance um with going out of state I would say definitely check out austin, like a lot of people hate saying this, but it's kind of true, it's kind of like the little California in texas, like it's
Yeah, it's
pretty effective like I don't know, in Austin it's a little bit better. Um It's a really liberal city, I love that about it, like I love how
queer it is too, because I'm from like the Houston suburbs, it's super republican and white and just like it's where redneck and rich republicans meet. Okay.
And
when I got to Austin my god, the vibes were so so so nice, like I don't know, everyone's super chill. Um And in fact like with how they handle the homeless, I mean it's still not like the best solution, but I think there's like a certain local law that says like if a homeless person like
sets up there like I guess
area
and it's not considered private property, then they're allowed to stay so the cops can't let
go and you know, get rid of them, Which you know, doesn't really like solve the problem of homelessness, but at least you're not like displacing people and like removing them or but
Yeah, the other day um I'm back in Houston right now just to visit for the weekend. But God there was this lady and her husband, they were selling trump merch at a gas station. I was like really like, oh God, I I swear to God if if he wins again, I don't I don't know, I'm about to move to Canada, the first thing I get. Oh
I
want a babe.
I sure
hope so because I can't stand that man.
What?
Yeah. It's pretty terrifying how like brainwashed people can be like I have a family friend who is an avid trump supporter because she is an evangelist and she was saying stuff about how like masks cause like, like just brain damage or brilliant ceo to for too long isn't good or something. I don't know something you know like the the crazy
wild share that you
hear and it just hearing that just like I just smacked me in the face. I was like, I can't believe I'm facing this level of like stupidity in front of me right now. Like I don't, I don't even think like, I mean I don't, I don't know. It's crazy what people
believe out there.
I mean that's what I'm hoping for. At least
that's true. I just, I don't know like the the american voting system is just kind of already braked in some ways. It's pretty obvious in what ways it's rigged in. But like, I don't know. I think it's just fucked up how like it's like they're giving us like this sense of like we have purpose in terms of voting, but like it all comes down to like the electoral college. It kind of just makes it feel like, I mean I'm still going to vote, but it just makes it feel like the vote doesn't matter because of what else goes on behind the scenes. It's
just,
yeah, I mean the system's fucked. I think it was. Yeah. Yeah.
I wouldn't doubt that. Yeah.
Like,
that's true. I mean, hopefully we see something in the next Yeah, you're years or so. But anyways, um, It was nice talking to you.
This is