Hello.
Pretty good. How about yourself?
All right, so I kind of suck at conversation.
fair enough.
I'm basically just casual extra money earning pays the wifi bill every month.
It,
Yeah. I have pretty much found it through Reddit on the beer money threads.
There's definitely some useful stuff on there occasionally. Yeah,
I was haven't been for a while. Not really sure if I'm going to go back this point. I'm just not really all that certain what I'm doing with my life. But sure it'll come to me eventually. How about yourself?
I was studying history but basically just a lot of personal stuff happened and kind of just didn't end up going back one semester and now I haven't been back since. Yeah.
No, this is my first time around.
I
mean,
Yeah, definitely. It's like 17 bucks or something in total for about half an hour of time.
Yeah. Unfortunately most part time work does not pay very well.
I haven't actually worked since the whole covid pandemic began a little before
that actually.
Um a lot of online stuff pretty much selling things. Yeah, I had a lot in savings in the first place, so it hasn't been too bad for me. Yes, I live in Oklahoma, so everything is really cheap,
Yeah, I'm actually moving out there towards norman sometime within the next year. So yeah, it's where, Oh you is. You didn't know that already. It's supposed to be a lot more chill with hopefully a lot more to do than uh the current rural Hellscape I am occupied in. Yeah. Yes.
What?
Um I'm pretty boring. I listen to music, go on, walks my cat occasionally play video games, watch movies. Uh huh.
Honestly, I know a lot of people say everything, but essentially everything that isn't like country or most like modern, indie music or whatever you would call, they play on the radio these days, basically my music taste for the most part just kind of ins and like 2011.
Yeah, I definitely feel that.
Yeah.
I honestly I have not heard of them. Okay.
definitely. Kind of only heard of her because she was dating Mac Miller at one point. Honestly, I haven't really kept up with much pop music, it's just like kind of music doesn't have much of a nostalgia factor to me. It's just not nearly as good.
I
mean, yeah, that's fine to just be perfectly normal. Not everybody has to listen to some extremely obscure sub genre. Yeah.
Have like I want to say 5000 songs in total on my phone. Just a ridiculous array of music, everything from classic rock to hip hop, metal. Just Yeah, pretty much most things you can think of.
Wasn't.
yeah, there's classical music, have some like really long technical advanced songs, you could just put on in the background and just kind of chill last about 20 minutes, so you don't have to change anything or look for anything new for a while. I basically put together compilations to listen to when I walk or jog. I have like probably 30 playlists on my phone of all sorts of crap. Also been trying to read more lately, but just really depends on how my attention span is feeling day to day. Yeah.
Yes.
No, you're perfectly fine.
Means.
Yeah.
Thank
you.
It's
it's
Two.
Yeah, I'm 23 honestly, I think I've only bought alcohol maybe a dozen times in my life. I just I got a med card, so
I I prefer pot. Yeah. Yeah. I also
have a cat. His name is Peanut. He's really big and fluffy and orange and it's pretty much like one of my best friends. Unfortunately.
I had to shut him out during this conversation because otherwise he tried crawling all over my laptop like he always does.
Oh yeah, he's very talkative.
There's,
yeah, it happens to a lot happens to a lot of people, unfortunately, definitely. It's just not something that's for everyone. And I feel like a lot of people that do smoke a lot of pot or use a lot of pot tend to think that it is for everyone for some reason. But yeah, I try to not be annoying like that. What kind of peace see games do you play?
Okay.
Mhm.
Oh, I'm pretty much like a lot of Bethesda RPgs, I poured probably hundreds of hours of my life into fallout games. Um
Elder scrolls, I haven't really played Skyrim that much, but back when Oblivion was, first thing, I've probably spent like the later half of my seventh grade year just playing that endlessly. Currently, I've actually recently repurchased Fallout three in new Vegas for Xbox one, and uh yeah, currently just pouring hours into Fallout three at the moment whenever I have the chance.
yeah, Xbox, I am just, I don't know, I'm too technically stupid to uh figure out everything I would want to figure out on a Pc because I figure out, I figured like if I got
huge game like that, I would want to start mopping it and I've read about that and like if you get things that conflict with each other, you'll pretty much just be messing with your lowered order for hours on end. That just sounds frustrating and not very fun and maybe I'll get into it one day when
I have
a lot more time on my hands. But now I just I had to stoop councils.
So oh my do I haven't played anything aside from the newest animal crossing on it though, I'm going to get that new Mario All Stars eventually. It's been like years since I played super Mario 64 I feel like that would be a lot of fun.
Yeah,
If you're
Yeah. I think a lot of people generally do that once you start playing on PC, there's probably not an overall better experience or reason to go back to consoles basically. I haven't played on PC primarily because the only desktop I've ever owned in my life was like my parents MAC, so I've just had that in laptops and I know if a laptop could run the kind of games I want to play that well without taking up a lot of space anyway. Mhm.
That's
true.
Yeah, that's understandable. Nursing school can be really grueling and occupying. My stepmother went to nursing school rather unsuccessfully actually because it was just so much work.
Um basically I just want to be I don't know somewhere where I can meet people that aren't dumb rednecks I guess. And the fact that where I live now they're just there really isn't much work wise, school wise, restaurant wise, not much of anything really but common fast food and the walmart and basically, yeah, I just, I want to move to a city that isn't Tulsa and that isn't okay, see because they're just to populated too much traffic, norman's. I used to live in Edmond for about a year, my first year of college and I liked it there. And what I've seen seen around norman, it's pretty similar but slightly better overall. So it seems like a good place to settle without going out of state, which I don't really plan on doing least until I have some long term career thing figured out.
A lot of people are moving to texas these days like Houston and austin and stuff because housing prices in places like California are just skyrocketing insanely. And yeah, the only city I've been to in texas when I was old enough to remember anyway is Dallas and I just happened to go on a vacation with my parents down there right after police busted this giant homeless camp. So basically when I was going through town and looking at museums, they were just homeless people everywhere and it was awful to see. Really?
Fuck.
Well
And
no. Mhm.
Next.
This
degree.
Thanks.
definitely. Yeah. That's definitely another reason I chose a norman because it's, it's really queer friendly and now I live in a maze county, which is like Republican plus 60% district. It's just kind of batshit crazy conservative. So yeah, a little rough.
I'm, I don't know if trump wins again then America's just in general, a lot more stupid than I presumed. Just kind of sad because I already pursue mitt was over all kind of stupid for electing him in the first place, but what do you know I mean we did reelect bush after all, so I wouldn't be too terribly surprised,
but
but biden actually seems to be doing pretty good in the midwest so far, so I think at this point it's pretty unlikely for him to be re elected.
They can.
Mhm. Of course, yeah, I I really hate the fact that uh essentially he's developed a entire political party into his own personal personality cult and
uh you can't really talk to any of those people basically their entire lives revolve around donald trump at this point. It's kinda like they live in a whole different reality altogether and it's just kinda have to nod your head.
Good.
You
that's
its consequence of just unregulated, unfiltered media just in the air waves all over the internet and Fox news and everywhere constantly. You can just see even the most unreliable source and most people just don't have a bullshit filter. So if it confirms like their prior beliefs already there, it's going to be reinforced and uh it's probably a cycle you can easily break out of. But 11 good thing about that actually is republicans will probably be quite aimless after trump has gone, even if he does serve another four years because developing a party into basically complete personality cult is like putting literally all of your eggs and then some into one basket, they just be lost. Once there's no obvious replacement, I think it could in the long term very well cost republicans the next several elections.
Yeah. Yeah. Building a coalition isn't easy. And if it's a coalition entirely based off admiration for one man who no one really successfully imitates. Can't really replicate that very easily.
essentially
due to the Electoral College, your vote does not count even 1/10 as much as someone who lives in Ohio florida or pennsylvania. It's basically candidates compete for the default red and blue states that usually vote red or blue, no matter what and then about they have to appeal to about half a dozen states that will switch back and forth every now and then and definitely leaves a lot of people out.
I would say that Electoral College could eventually work to democrats advantages with people from California and the West Coast moving in greater numbers to places like Arizona and texas. Fortunately, I think texas could very well be an actual swing states sometimes the next election cycle or two.
if
you look at the last Senate race between Beto and Ted Cruz, a lot of people were expecting cruise to sell the victory by like a 6 to 7% margin, but instead he only won by about 2.5%. So the numbers, numbers are definitely building up against republicans there in the long term.
Nice talking to you, too.
You have a good day.