So much. Hi. I
was
thinking
what?
I will
people.
Oh you did it before you tragedy.
No no I've been in a few years
probably a couple of years. Yeah. You
are your camera. I can't see your whole face. Yeah.
There
you go. Right.
Yeah. You know my husband did that. Yeah.
took
it
like
pretty a little longer than yours but like a buzz. Yeah.
Our
problem.
Yeah. That's exactly what do you do?
florida. I live in venice florida. What? That's gulf coast.
Give
us.
Yeah it's kind of in the middle of the state. Okay.
Where
do you
city?
Oh I lived in new york city. What happened?
I was um for a long time. I lived on 27th between 7th and 8th. Okay.
wow.
Perfect.
Oh not so cool right now
I guess.
Cool. Um I'm retired. Yeah.
I
make jewelry. I don't have any to show you. Well I sort of did and I have a website but I'm retired from, well, how does this work? Uh
But I you know, I don't make much money at it. So
I was I invested my money and so far so good. I live up right here.
No they're they're grown
um In fact I had one of my my older son is um in Austin. Yeah, so
you're
from texas right? So
yeah, he graduates um very soon. Um He was in for their for graduate degree and so uh he's gonna move to California and I guess june for a job.
The
health.
Yeah, that's where I was born. Mhm.
University of texas Austin. Yeah.
I was supposed to go to his graduation um
May
I was mad sad. I can't go.
You
must.
Yeah.
It's really a bummer.
Like
I had gotten that flights and my hotel and all this and it was like uh you know
I did.
What's on that?
Sit here.
What?
Or are they keeping you on though? You didn't lose your job?
Prison.
start.
Oh that's good.
problem.
Yeah. I'm getting really it was okay for a while
but I'm like
I'm like really missing restaurants, really missing bars. You know just just
being
normal. Uh huh.
I was okay for a while. But
Yeah. We have two dogs.
We don't really have. Yeah. Our families in Maine.
Yeah. Yeah. One of my sons and one of my senses in new york actually. And but he's staying with his dad because he got out of the city itself. His dad lives right outside in Scarsdale and so before they, you know, got real real real bad his job, had him work at home and then he's decided well I may as well just go to my two dads, so he's he's just been staying there outside of new york and so he's working but from home Mhm.
You
do
it?
all
the
money
you
know like
well
that's good, I mean at least they can Yeah.
well I don't uh I mean I don't know what you can like, it's totally no, I mean in the sense that you could never live on it or say anything, I just do it to kind of like it actually pays for my beads,
you might
be
Yeah, I find that, you know, I don't I don't I probably don't do it as much as you do. How much would I say? I make? Probably every three days I make 20 bucks. That's that's not very good really. What do you think about it? But I'm not sitting there like waiting to pounce like some people really,
you know?
Yeah, I check in every once in a while and oh, it's like, wow, there's six things I can do a lot of times. I'm sure this happens to you, to you. Like you'll think, oh there's like so many, and then by the time you finish one There's one left
and it's
crappy
one
does every
some guy.
I know it's such bs,
I hate those. Yeah, I just decided to get, I got out of all of those for a while. I was trying all these different ones and they were such bullshit and so much work for nothing
for 36 tens you know? And I was like I am still not doing this. So I just, you know.
Really big part.
That's very good. Very good
Do you get notifications about it or something? Yeah.
I
don't that's good.
What?
This
isn't good.
Okay, a good idea
because that
would help. I'm just sort of like I
check
and that.
What?
Oh I was a fashion designer in new york.
You get, I mean under normal times or whatever circumstances you get like good travel benefits, don't
you?
That's awesome.
Oh that's so great. Especially when you're young like you are.
Well how fine right
now. How do you, how much do you like how does it work to get time off to go to Japan let's say. Or like do you do you, I don't even know how much you guys work normally
I mean.
Well
Black.
Some
what
what?
Thank
you.
Yeah.
Oh man, that's awesome.
Oh that's cool because you, there's a maximum or something
like in a row?
No no I mean like um you know how pilots, there's like a maximum hour or trips or hours that they can do? Are
you obviously things like you can't do you know more than X amount of hours or something?
Well
no.
Full
on.
Hey
Howard?
Chicken corn.
And do they how are you paid, are you salary or like do you get overtime for them when they ask you like You're about to go over 14. Do you want this trip? Like is that trip extra trip more money
I think
for
ourselves
especially.
Another
one.
so I
called.
of course.
You know.
What?
So do you do that do you do the do you do that seat belt thing where you say that
barrel?
yeah and yes. How much can you see? You can see them? Yeah.
What?
that he's too big to hold. Can you see him?
he's
going
what
Mhm. Do you? Oh you must miss him so much.
Yeah it's in it's like it's pretty suburban venice is like I don't know what would I say? It's like mhm what's a town near you that you would know? Well anyway it's it's small but it's sort of like
you know it
yeah there's there's no real skyscrapers in the downtown, even in Sarasota, which is the next, it's not really, you know, a big huge city.
Well
how much
people?
Yeah, well we're on the coast, you know that so that we're on, we're not on the beach, but the beach is a mile away. Have
you ever heard of siesta key? That
the,
No, so it's a beach in your hair
once.
Well, I went, I went to boston
to
visit my son and I've been to Dallas only for work.
Uh huh. I thought I was really weird. Uh huh. And the only reason I said that I liked, Austin you know, because
it was when I went to Dallas and this was years ago, you have to understand it was like, what
20 years ago people were wearing cowboy hats for real
while.
I was like,
what? You know,
it
was.
Yeah, I thought it was like kind of, I couldn't I just thought it was wow you know and then all the cowboy boots and just all of that stuff like I didn't know it was for real, you know what I mean?
Less.
Oh yeah. Yeah. See I I figured it's changed because that was a long time ago.
like
I felt really old there. Yeah because everywhere I look you know it's college kids.
what is that?
Thank
you.
Yes I bet we did. Um Yes.
Yes we did. He took me there, see I just didn't know where we were. Yeah. Beautiful.
yeah that was beautiful
and we also had barbecue and uh
it's the best. That was so good.
But yeah you're right, I mean I don't but that was a long time ago I lived there but yeah I don't remember that being a thing
So
yeah yeah but then the Italians were there you can't get
out
it's beautiful.
Are Russian way back in Scottish.
Um I grew up you know where stanford university is?
Northern
California? Any Palo alto?
Oh well that's a little more north than I was um Uh kind
of like 30 miles south of San Francisco.
Look
now that's where I was.
That's because
my dad I grew up there because my dad was a teacher, a professor
yeah after college um I went when did I go to new york? This is going to probably before you were born or something,
19
Yeah it was probably before you were born, 1980. When were you born,
So it's before your one that's so fucking scary, 1980. Um A thank you.
yeah you were
he's back there.
Me, what's your name?
Ray Andy
Yeah my son my older son uh the one in Austin he's 20 five so he's almost your age. A little smaller one is 20 one.
No.
Yeah that's it. Okay
now. Yes sisters
that's what everyone tells me.
There
boys are easier.
I was because I was I'm afraid to have a daughter because I thought maybe you know it is more pressure is your that you know they're looking at you there you know where the boy is kind of like oh dad gets to handle
you know.
so your uncle
that's good.
See I think the pressure is off of you. You can do whatever you want now I don't have to there it's done your your mom has her grandchildren.
She keeps asking but you know.
No
not you don't trust me man I'm not that. Oh okay.
Yeah yeah who knows? I think the younger one who knows They might both have but the younger one definitely someday he likes kids
Yeah.
How come you didn't give you?
what
was
the problem?
Well
that's
a really cool thing we go into those maybe someday I'll do it again.
Well this is great though I mean yeah I'll do it you know.
that's the bucket list you know what that is? Right okay bucket list you know you can't start Atlanta have fun because your life goes about by really quick quicker than you think
it does and I know I I don't I mean I'm not that old but it does it flies and it just flies faster every year, you know?
So,
well we want to do more traveling and we can't right now and I always wanted to see the pyramids, you know,
But I don't know if that will ever happen now because well, because you know, Yeah, hopefully, but it's not so like they tell you to be very careful if you travel there and all this stuff. So I'm like uh it's nerve racking to think about, you know? But hopefully, you know,
good.
Where
he was,
you
know?
lot.
yeah, sent me to uh but now I'm sure you saw that it's like hit the White house, you know,
today? Yeah, it's got like mhm Ivanka's you know, her, somebody works for like her first in line or something. His um the president's valet who brings him his drinks and stuff is coax, you know his diet cokes and you know somebody else who is like pretty close in. I think it was vice president Pence is like chief of you know to his staff or something. It was someone close and so it's like oh my God they and you know how much they're testing them and doing all this stuff and still hitting them. So it's like you
know
so contagious. It's like
no.
No.
Right because then there walking around and they don't even know they're sick, you know?
I hate and I yes.
I'm sure flying is everyone wearing them?
Here
you
go.
Yeah that's good.
cool. I wasn't I was supposed to hit my thing I forgot.
too. Good luck.
No,
thank you. You
too.
That's fine.
Okay, bye now what do we do?