mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Right, wow. Sure. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. What? Oh Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. You okay? Come on. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Tree. Oh it is. Fuck you okay. Yeah. The check tonight They needed four arms included. Oh, for me on. Mm. Yes. Very easy. I feel like I can finally trust Monday the Middle one. Thinking basically I always have pieces flying after jesus the right place. Start banking time today. That's time right now breathing nuclear for teaching in every with the use of special working well. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. And mhm I'm always because I'm just crazy working hard saving and we could use here from doing that gays and four. I'm going through these tough times and help you. Finals is hiring. That's the shop dot com. You like it because we're not only men but food on people's tables. Thank you. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Was there? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Aren't you? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Coming. Mm hmm. Uh huh. Okay. Right. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mrs one nation here. Uh huh. Business. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm truly here, mom. Yeah. Okay. Because he was it is. Give me a feel good. Thank you. Mhm. But you wouldn't know. What about them you're supposed to do. Excuse me. Oh, don't sound Oh, let's just make my day. About what? Oh, okay. Now problem. Yes. Uh No. Oh, right. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Look. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Business. All right. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. This was right. Okay. Uh huh. Hey, did you everybody go back in time to kill my old girl? You're by my mother is crazy. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. On that sack taste john taught me for me. Yeah, Please. Good. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Uh huh. Mhm. A lot a stuff, don't you here again? Army defeat. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. It was, yeah. Please. Oh yeah. Yeah. I don't know what he's doing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Beautiful. You're good. Yeah wow. Buffalo. Okay. Okay. I should have no additional yeah. Mhm. Radio the delivery sheet. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yes. You it's the water. Yeah. Yes. No. This that's what Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Business extension please please. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. See how yourself. Why? Yes. Obviously it's easy. It's simple text french. Right now you get a complimentary part work. Yeah. Yeah. More fashion. Yes. Come on. Uh
I was not expecting
by
going with some. Okay.
I wasn't expecting
anyone to come on today because last
week last week nobody came on.
ma'am. Is this your first time? Yeah. Mhm. Are you new to prolific?
Yeah. How long?
Right
There you go.
I'm
bald. You have to give myself a quarantine haircut.
Did he go bob? And
I
think
there's
yeah I just I had a hair like combs and everything but I just like took it off because I knew the barber shop
would be
closed for a while, so sure.
Where are you?
Yeah. My friend, she
lives
in I guess the panhandle area, I don't know if that's close by.
I've been there. It's a nice little nice. I like it. I live
in
I live in new york.
Yeah New York City is one.
I'm in queens. Where are you?
I just moved to new york last year though, I'm originally from texas. Mhm. So
yeah I'm in I'm in Detroit right now. I'm working, I'm a
flight attendant. Yeah
like
right uh What do you do?
just living the life you
guys are?
see it. Okay
I hope.
Is your husband retired too? Oh nice. Alright. Like you guys just kids still at home or they already
the agreement?
On
one.
Nice. Austin's really nice. Yeah.
California has
like the
best weather.
so he's um at the University of texas actually
got to go and see how
but
then all this happened. Yeah.
Are they still having a ceremony or is it like a video
of
ceremony? Uh
He's gonna have it
it is it
here
did they refund you guys?
Nice. Okay. At least I read from you. Yeah the flights now they're they're like
they're way less flight right now so they're kind of full because they might have like one flight a day for a certain city instead of having like big seven flights, how they usually do. And so they're
playing like 24-30 people at a time. Sometimes. Usually, you know, you have a plane for like
70 years people, 100 people. But right now, you know, they're cutting down on the flight. So
I mean I'm, yeah, I'm still on. Thank God. Um, I was off all of april because um
Laguardia had close, we'll close our airline down for that month and then starting
again in May. I started working again. So
yeah. So I was kind of just hanging out at home. Um, you know, trying to find a good routine and stuff like that. So what, what
have you guys been doing?
Like
the 1st 2 weeks, right? Yeah.
The
everyday
The,
do you guys have like pets that keep you company and stuff like that or?
Okay. His family came over and hung out with you guys?
They remain.
Okay. I have my, my rumor is working from home, but see he's been working
from
home
like March. I feel kind of bad for her because he hasn't gone anywhere. I have three rooms. One of them went back home to north Carolina. The other
one
moved
out because he was a bartender. So you know how they close on all the restaurants and then this other one she does like
imports
from, I don't know where she's been working from home, like For two months now. Strong. I feel
pretty bad.
Yeah. He still, she's still working making money. So do you make good money from prolific or like is pretty decent?
For you, what
your beats are
you reading?
All
right. Don't worry.
Want
to predict
the dollars
cases. Yeah, I
I tried other um, websites, but they're like, really? I don't know, they're not good because prolific actually has websites for you. And then I tried like swag bucks and another one, but like
requestion they just cancel you out and
you can't make any money.
Nothing for like 20 cents.
I think, I think last month would probably, I made it like $126.
Just
because, well, because you know, I was at home all day, so I literally just have my computer on, you know, I would still go about my day and touring the stuff, but you know, things came up and I just did them.
I don't know what kind of computer
you have.
Okay. Yeah. Because you can add it to your, to your thing here and then it'll like give
you a message like, hey,
it's pervades
up and then you go and look at it,
hold
it.
that
announcer,
it announces it like, hey, a survey and then I just, if I'm cooking or eating, I'll come back and like do it. So what
were you doing before you retired though?
That's like the best place, The best place for it. That's good. Um, I was working at T mobile for four years and then I ended up getting fired. So that's how I was able to move to new york because uh, I just was looking for a new job and they, I got like the interview. Um, I did the interview and then they hired me. So I just moved moves on over here.
Most
definitely. Yeah, most definitely. They, they pretty much paid for all our flights like going anywhere domestic. Uh We get we get to go wherever if you want to travel international you just pay taxes on the other countries fees Which can be up to like $30 or $50. So
Yeah it's a blessing like going like going to Japan is like $34. So it's a blessing. Uh True.
Yes. Yeah. So that's the thing like I just started with this job in september so then this happened and I was just like no like I haven't really got to use my benefits as much I got I got I was able to use them a little bit. I went to Puerto rico and uh you know like California, stuff like that. But I haven't really got to go international yet. So.
What?
so basically
basically like go
with me. Um you start off on reserve meaning they'll call you when they need you to work.
So six
days out of the week I could
be on call basically and then I have like three or four days off and then another five days on and then two
days off. But if I want to like now that I'm now that I have like I'm not on reserve anymore, I can ask
for
specific days off like a week, Uh
four days, five days and I can just go whenever right? And then um
yeah so you just request the days you went off but then you'll have like four or five days that you're working nonstop, you're just going wherever with you know and then they'll give you like four days off, three days off and you can use those days to do whatever show
They
give us a maximum of 15 days off a month.
Whoa.
so that's that's within a day. So for example um let's say I've been working 12 hours in the day right I can't exceed 14 hours unless I give them permission to. So if they say hey we have this trip for you but
you're going to go over your 14 hours is that okay with you? And if I agree
then they'll give it to me but if not they won't schedule me for it Since you can't work in a single day more than 14 hours. Yeah and then they
give
you, yeah and then they have to give you a rest period between 8-10 hours after that. So if so if I work if I worked like a seven or eight hour
during
then I have to have 10 10 hour
eight or 10 hours of rest before I can go back to work. Yeah, so.
Uh It's just additional
money towards
your
hours, so they'll just pay you
extra hours. Um So yeah, I mean we can work overtime
to,
for example, we can pick up extra trips like on our days off, like like I'm off next week, monday, Tuesday Wednesday. If I wanted to pick up trips on those days, I can do that and then you add on to my to my hours
in
my pay, but I usually don't do that because I like my rest period. You're
you're like jumping
from hotel to hotel four days in a row, five days in a row and you're just like, I want to go home and just chill you. But it's it's very
funny. It's a fun job. Yeah. What was your?
and then
you click it, you know what A lot of my friends actually um they do kind of like mess with me about that. Uh But yeah, we do all your dog. Uh huh.
I can see, you know, they're so cute. Is it a big bro?
Is that a pit bull? Okay.
I guess you can see the plug. I
love
their
amazing. I love I have four, I have four back in texas with my mom.
Oh right. Like so much. I miss them a lot. There are really good companionship. It looks like you have a big home though. I'm assuming you're in the suburb somewhere.
Houses
and stuff like that.
Yeah. It's like more
chill
compared
to the city.
Talk.
Now
having
Have you have you been to texas before?
It's
It's
off.
Okay, cool. Did you like it?
You know?
But
it's not
like that
anywhere.
Like
you
you working in the fashion industry and like being fashion forward. I'm sure you saw that and we're like why? What is this?
I thought it was just like something you see on T. V. Or like.
No. No well Houston Houston I don't there's still because there's the mexican population in Houston is really big so I mean there's still people that wear their boots and things like that that are for mexican descent but you don't really see the whole cowboy like thing you know that you would see on tv anymore. It
Yeah. Austin though. I love Austin compared to Houston and Dallas because it's more laid back. Um You know it's a college town but there's still a lot of. Yeah.
Number.
Yeah. Did you guys get to go to the, it's called the Oasis? Mhm.
It's um, it's basically like a restaurant on the lake, but
the lake
is pretty big,
Yeah, it's like a mexican restaurant thing and it's like three stories and
yeah, it was really nice, nice down
there.
you got to have a barbecue.
yeah, I haven't found any barbecue places in the city. Um you know in new york has a lot of great restaurants, all different types of food. But I think
the south, yama, swimming, the south has
like, you know, superior barbecue compared to new york.
you can't
find anywhere else. Yeah, italian food is
good. Are you? Italian? No. Okay, you're
Okay, California. Uh what, what part of California? Where you want?
I've heard of it.
I've heard um
sacramento.
Okay.
Yeah, I've heard of stanford.
I've heard stanford.
So
you
gotcha man. Then you ended up all the way in new york.
I'm coming.
I'm create,
And 91. Yeah.
But yeah.
Is your husband there there?
Well, Hello
Ray
and you? Okay. Nice to meet you. Right,
21.
Okay. And you just have the two boys?
You didn't get stuck with any girls now
that they
did
you,
did you want daughters where you to get, you were good with the ball?
Let
them go off. Whatever, do whatever. I'm, I'm actually the only one I have 43 siblings and they all have Children and I'm pretty much the oddball out. So
yeah, I'm the cool uncle.
I like can be, my mom's already asking like where's the grandchildren like? You already have something with them like? Mm
that's true.
She has four grandchildren now so she should be good with that. Um You don't have any grandchildren
no.
tell him to take the time. Tell him to take the time.
myself um
When I was in school I was studying uh well studying spokesman word trying to go into power protective service here. But that yeah I got an end up happening so
I was I don't know I just I was in school for about 10 years and then like I guess I just got caught up with like the whole party life thing and I kind of I don't know I just wanted
to leave so I just went
back home
and then I started working um And that's when I found my
job at T. Mobile so. Uh huh. You
know I was
yeah maybe later. Uh when I when I when I had stopped working for tomorrow I was you know definitely weighing out my option. I was gonna enlist back in school um or enrolled back in school but then like I said the flight attendant job called me so I took that one I don't know nothing. I
Yeah something I've always wanted to do. So I just took the opportunity. Mhm.
and the flash right just quick.
did
you guys get to do everything on your bucket list or? Uh
nice. In Egypt yeah.
It is it is
pretty nerve wracking when when I was before april when I was working in March um you know I was really bad in Italy like there was a guy there you know you're just making friendly conversation, I asked him where he was coming
from
and he told me Italy and I was just
like
looking at him like, oh what
are you finding right now, man? Just stay home. A lot of the, a lot of the survey, I don't know what I'm saying for you, but that I've been getting have been all about like Covid 19 and it's just getting like, oh well, I'm just tired of hearing them
what I did.
That
crazy.
You just don't know. It could be
anywhere. The scariest part to me is like not knowing if they have it, you know, because some people don't
show symptoms. So that's to me like the scariest. Mhm
coughing it up and talking to you and that's why I just keep the mask on 93
when the time I take it off is like in the hotel room and that's it.
Yes, at this point is mandatory so you can't get on the plane if you don't have it, which is good. Um The only exception is if you have like breathing issues or if you need like a tank or something
like
that,
then you don't have to wear. But other than that everyone has to wear
Well it's like we hit 25 minutes. Uh
No you're fine, you're fine. Um Yeah so it was nice meeting you. Uh
God bless you with everything
and you know.
Thank
you.
Hi. Yes ma'am. It was five.