Hi, how are you?
I'm doing good. I'm so glad you showed up. My last conversation did not show up. Oh
yeah, totally. Yeah, this is my first time doing something like this, but it sounds like you've done it before.
awesome. Well my name is Vivian,
Nice to meet unit.
Where
are you
at?
I've
used I've used it before, it's been a while, but I have used it before. It doesn't pay as much as prolific does, which is nice. I just learned about prolific. I'm uh psychology student at the University of north Carolina here in Nashville. And in one of my psychology books, it was talking about surveys and it mentioned this website and I was like, oh check it out and make a few extra dollars. And then I was like, oh, this is really cool, there's a lot of opportunities.
I'm,
yeah, I think that's kind of why I've been like, oh it's okay, but not great because I've done a good amount of hits, but I don't think I've done enough to like qualify me for some of the you know higher stuff so. But yeah it's a bookmark on my computer and go there every once in a while. But I go to prolific every day because I always have at least one or two surveys in there that I can do everyday, which is nice.
I wonder how many people they have on their everyday. I mean must be quite a big pool of people that they draw from
and
then
boom gone. Yeah. Right.
Yeah. Well I'm happy that I found it and I can thank my psychology class for that so it's
Yeah. Yeah I've been um a user of swag bucks and my points for years both of those and so I will do surveys on there, but those are really hit a hit or miss. Like you, you know, sometimes you just don't qualify for them and then you don't get anything for the time that you've taken, you know, in there. So I like about prolific is that even if I don't qualify if they're whatever time that I've spent on the survey I get a little bit for that. So
that's always nice.
Yeah. So this is nice. This is a nice change for sure. I'm really happy that I stumbled across it. So.
no.
So they didn't move the extension date just
the regular day because the extension dates usually october yeah.
man.
Were able to
pull it together.
I've used tax act in the past before for quite a few years. I liked it too. Really easy
user friendly. Yeah. Mhm. Speaking of procrastination, I'm a big procrastinator too. I'm one of those people that I guess I do better under pressure. So like I put off doing all of my assignments until the absolute very last moment that I can and I do them, but obviously it serves me well because I have really good grades. So, you know, it's not detrimental to to my education I guess.
Yeah.
Um Well in the mountains of north Carolina um and so I would say it's not as bad as a lot of other areas is um I do personally know um to people that did get it in the spring. One of them was hospitalized for three days. Um And then she was fine and then the other one was, she just had some mild symptoms, but otherwise she was okay. Um But
um I mean, I think it's okay for the most part when I go out, I see people wearing masks and
being responsible and
Yeah. I mean, I'm the type of person that I don't do, like the flu vaccines or anything either.
Like I'm just like, I'm of the same mindset as you. I'm I'm going to get sick, my body is going to do its job and you know, I'm going to build up the immunity for whatever it is, so I'm not really concerned about it. In fact, I think I probably had Covid in the spring because I got really sick for a while in late March, but I didn't go to the doctor because I wasn't so thick that I felt like I need some sort of medication. I just took care of myself. But you know, I have somebody in my family that is a high risk individual. Um They don't live here in north Carolina. They live in Illinois, but if I were to visit them, I'd want to be careful. So only because they're high risk, like, you know, not not something to play around with for them if they got sick, like they have to get the flu shot every year and all that stuff so that they're protected. But so for me, it's just basically I keep to myself and don't like follow the regulations because I want to make sure that if I come into contact with somebody that is like a high risk person, that I'm not responsible for getting them sick. So, but I know I'm an introvert, like I don't, this is not, not changed my life at all, Like I really ever go out and do
anything
live out in the country, it's me and my cat. So it's basically just I'm living my best introvert life like we're doing my homework and then like reading all the books that I can read and binging on the T. V. That I can binge. That's basically uh.
Well that's good. Hi
how are you? I know your industry has really been hit because a lot of at least that from what I understand. I mean
maybe you can
is
it is
it true because not as many people are wanting to go out and be out
you
know?
just like a whole bunch of people couple weeks ago. Right.
I love
not working.
I
live off of my financial aid right now so I'm like so
happy that I don't have to do
You know,
I'm like, I wish that I could never have to work again, but with getting a psychology degree and once I get my degree, then I'll go on and get my masters so that I can practice um It'll be a different, like it won't feel like a job than for me because it's something
that I'm really interested in and I think it'll feel different than all the other jobs I've ever had jobs are not fun in my
opinion.
It's
like you don't have to do that.
Right. You know,
they have
integrity, which is good.
pawn stars. Yeah.
25% of the actual value is pretty sad.
But in a different way like they got their wealth by being misers and and the guys and fingers got their way from being like genuine with people. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. I love those kind of shows because you never know what you're gonna see. And I like the element of like that they find something really awesome like or they make somebody's day because they tell the person no, this is like worth a lot of money, this thing that you have. You know, some people don't realize the value of what they have. So that's what I like about those shows. I like shows like um
if I'm watching reality shows, I like those like um like the Oak Island's like mystery show that's on the History channel and like big tuna, like the fishermen doing their job, like those kind of things because those are things that I would never like be exposed to in my life, you know, ever, like I would never be working on a fishing boat, you know, I would never be drilling, you know oil get oil drills down to find treasure, you know? So I have like those kind of shows are pretty cool.
Do you have a favorite show now? Is there something that's current
that you're watching,
that you're the
I think I made it to season six or maybe almost a season seven and then I was like no, I'm not as as as captivated by it as I was when it first started, so
I haven't I haven't watched it
while.
I really love supernatural,
I have watched that since the very beginning and this is its last season, I think it's got six or seven more episodes left and then it's done forever and I'm gonna be sad about that. No. Mhm. That's a
good show. But
Yeah, I have such a huge list on netflix, I don't think I'd ever get through watching everything that it's on my list. But um what did I watch? Oh I watched um like I like science fiction and fantasy stuff um and I used to really like horror when I was younger and I'm not really into horror as much anymore, but I watched um the haunting of Bly Manor on netflix um left last week and I really enjoyed that,
it was kind
of like
you? How
was it? Was it good?
Yeah. It's cool that he kind of keeps his gang around him, you know like the people that he came up within the businesses are still with him. That's that's really awesome. I really like him too. I think he's funny. It's funny. Down to earth to
jane. Yeah, kevin James.
awesome. So
you say you've
been at Sea World for 15 years, huh?
still,
I mean
that's a long time.
and
No.
All
You
know,
emails. People got to be careful with emails when they send them like that. You're right. I'm my side with you. Like it should have been its own email with its own subject that said, okay, we're gonna start, you know, this week, during the weekdays it's going to be open. So, you know, get your
people
and order your product and, and you know, whatever else you need to do,
but
man. Well, good job handling it the way that you did.
Well, that would be nice. That would be nice.
I
close
this the video tab now that we're done? Or should
I keep
it open?
And
Vivian,
thanks sick. You
take care.
Bye.