Mhm. Okay. All right. What? All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Really? Yeah. Okay. Two. Mhm. Okay.
I can hear you. Can you hear me?
it's it's
Uh That works
Yeah whatever works. How are you today?
same it's sunday you know Not much to do.
that's basically what I've been doing. Nothing interesting.
Yeah that reminds me I actually have to update my computer. Super exciting.
Yeah. Mhm. I'm worried because I have a lot of uh files like photography stuff so I might have to back them up before I do that. Yeah.
Yeah.
How's your has the pandemic treating you
I
see
it's awful. Hello?
What city or state? Oh I'm in pennsylvania near philadelphia about you.
Mm. That sucks. Yeah actually um
ahead. Yeah.
jeez I know the agencies are super backed up because I actually um I work for Bank of America and so they do the contracts for unemployment for some of the States so that's what I do all day like talking to people about their benefits and stuff. Uh
And
when
Yeah I mean all the departments like everywhere was caught by surprise so they're already behind like they're still using Internet Explorer for my job so they're not they're not getting things done quickly. Mhm.
What?
I think it might be like how your computer is focusing. I know my phone will do that sometimes or how your phone's focusing.
Mhm.
Yeah it's fine. I'm sure that
works.
um yeah my last one my video actually didn't work but they still counted it because I talked the whole time. I was like all right.
Yeah, I
was really worried. Yeah. Yeah.
mm.
I
don't
think
there.
Yeah,
I don't think they're monitoring, it's super heavily. As long as they see that like you kind of attempted then they'll still compensate you.
I really like prolific honestly. I'm surprised
I found it. Like I found it I think through Reddit and I thought I was like another one of those scam websites where you take surveys and they give you like 10 cents and I was like, whoa, once I actually started taking them.
No,
I used the uh the swag Bucks website or whatever because people said it was good and I would take like 20 surveys and I'd get kicked out after like 10 minutes of answering questions.
No, I haven't tried it.
Goodbye.
I might check out que me. It sounds interesting yeah.
I'll
check that
out.
jeez
that's pretty cool,
I'll check
it
out.
I tried to um I tried to sign up for Mturk and I know they like do that background check kind of thing and I didn't qualify because I don't have a credit score because I just
graduated high school and so I don't I don't have any credit cards so they couldn't like verify. I was a person.
Yeah
yeah I try and there's this other website and I like did all the tests for it and then I signed up for like the like the other tests for spanish because I was like well I know like basic, I can read spanish, I just can't speak it fluently and I was like let me try this and then they never got back to me and I was like, I did both of these. I don't remember what it was called, but I think I read it wasn't really worth it anyways. No.
Good
as
is it? Cope?
It's okay.
Yeah.
I mean besides surveys, I have like my regular job. I just like to take them in my free times that way. You know, I like spending money, whatever. Mhm.
tap.
No, I haven't left the house at all since the pandemic started. Mhm Yeah. Okay.
Thanks.
Well,
Yeah. Mhm Nine
I know they're talking about like doing a second lockdown. It's just like I never even left the first one. So that doesn't really, it doesn't mean too much.
And
jeez.
Yeah. I mean my mom's at risk, so I haven't been going anywhere and they shut down my school because at first we thought it would just be like a week out of school and then this is in March and after that we just didn't go back and so nobody was out on the streets or anything.
I know, I have a sister who's, I think she's four and so my parents both work that works from home and we're all at home and so we like trade off,
I guess practicing like letters or whatever, so that way she's still kind of learning something, but it's difficult. Yeah.
don't
I'm sorry, I didn't catch that.
Oh, I graduated just this year, like 2020 last summer I was, so I go to art school in new york but I mean the pandemics even worse there so I'm taking a gap
year because I can't do online school. I can't focus.
both
All
chris
people.
Yes
thank
you.
Bye bye. I have five
people,
five other people in the house so people are always coming in my room I swear.
How's the how's the weather in Wisconsin? Okay.
Yeah it was super warm here last week and now we're back to like the forties and fifties.
Mhm Yeah I grew up in the midwest and michigan, so I'm actually used to the cold so I'm surprised it's still like this warm. So
that's
one
good thing.
Yeah, I don't get how people can like go out and do stuff when it's like freezing outside. I
don't
have
the tolerance.
my
house
same.
And my house
gets
super cold. So I have like to, I think I have to sweat shirts on two pairs of sweatpants just to stay warm.
it's,
No, it's
definitely freezing.
I don't think anybody is, especially because I know so many people are like, I mean they paused the eviction moratoriums for the States. I don't know why they haven't put them back in some places, but I know around here near like Delaware County, we've got like a lot of people that are just about to get kicked out, which is awful because it's already, it's near december.
yeah. And I like the government just moved so slowly. They did like one round of stimulus and that was it, like barely anything. Yeah. Mm
Yeah. I don't even, I don't know if they'll have another one before the end of this year, which is ridiculous. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, man, I don't know. Uh huh. Mhm.
I saw
that.
Yeah, I saw that that study it keeps like emailing me to sign up for it, but I never use facebook so it's like this wouldn't really work for me because I think I use facebook maybe like once a month just to check up on like my grandma or whatever.
I'm still here. You don't get it. It's gonna be okay. Thank you. Bye bye. You better come now. I'll come in a bit.
And I might try it and just like, I don't know, open the website maybe once a week just to see if that qualifies for anything.
Yeah, I like the I don't know if you saw it. There was this one really interesting survey you basically just like played this space game. I guess
it was actually a lot of fun. It like it let you do repeats and I kept playing it. I kind of want them to make it an actual game. Yeah.
she's
it's
it's pretty um it's not even super complicated. You have like four other people and you like there's like these instructions and only half of you can see the instructions and the other half can see like the way to complete it. And so you have to work together to get through the steps. It's pretty cool.
Two.
and
still worth it if you got I think it was like $3 so certainly worth it.
it's like we reached our goal so we're at 27 minutes. Yeah.
Please.
how long does it um How long does yours say?
Yeah you and they have the notes afterwards. You can just type that the timer was off so. All
okay. Well I guess we're all good here.
Thank you. You too. So, yeah.