yeah. Hi can you hear me okay?
Yeah I'm trying to pull it up on my computer. Actually my computer was like being really slow and I didn't want to be late so I'll we hold it up on my phone. I'm like carelessly if I keep it on there
I don't know if it'll work. I'll just leave it on the phone.
Hey guys okay. I don't know what to do with my phone at this point now. No
I am tired. How are you?
Yeah nothing to do except surveys and watching tv. Uh huh.
But um resetting my iphone fun stuff.
Always paying that ass. Something always doesn't work great afterwards.
I would um you have lost a lot of files because of that stuff. Google, google is good for that stuff backing up amazon one drive mega. Yeah. So
many mm.
Um I was a server before the pandemic started. Um I had switched into a law office um and start working at a desk. And then I lost my job there because of the pandemic. I would have lost my job as a server anyway. But um try to get more light in here. But then uh you know uh I found another job as a server again after a while being unemployed and still haven't heard anything from unemployment. Been
like
eight months.
Yeah. Do you live in
Okay. Yeah it's it's uh wearing Green Bay. I'm in Green Bay. Wisconsin and Wisconsin's horrible about unemployment. They're very very bad about it and everybody's complaining and like nobody's getting any money.
I think different.
Since april that I applied never got a dime
I am kind of relaxed with them because I did work like at our job center in town well in a town and we did work with people on unemployment all the time. We help them
and
help them get admitted in every week and whatever and do their resumes and it is you know like a process but it needs to be streamlined like bad.
heard that Wisconsin was like really behind with with their software in technologies and stuff like that so it was that was like a a barrier right there in itself but I know they had posted online um they were hiring people to work at home as unemployment rate, you know I like this paperwork
and stuff like you're getting like it looks like on my and that my light keeps flickering but it's not but like a video it looks like it is.
let's see, I like to turn the light up. No, I'm not off, I like to turn the lights up. Mhm. A
little better or
I
click it on my phone a lot because she Yes, dumb sometimes. But yeah, I last time I did one of these chats, I went out to like use my light thing and it like kicked me out of the chat. I was yeah, I'm like, I'm not going out of this thing at all. I mean, I was able to get back into it right away, but the men dude stayed on the phone chatting for like, he was like 45 minutes total, just so we made sure because I got kicked off a few times. So if we like talk for a while just to make sure we both had our 25 minutes and it was
really?
Night.
Yeah, I was worried when I first did it on my phone the first time. Like if they would accept it because it said not to, you know, it didn't say not to, it just said to use your computer, you know? So I was like mm
I wonder what they're about this but they didn't care.
I
was
in my
car. Uh
huh.
And that's cool. Money is nice.
Two
Right. It's like actual studies that you get paid pretty well for. It's kind of nice. I got a call from that. I do a couple different ones. Um but prolific is probably my favorite. Honestly, I think that it pays good like the studies you don't get kicked out of them after doing a few questions, you know? Whereas some other sites will do that to you and I hate that.
So you don't waste my time. I filled out the profile. You should know that. I don't qualify for this survey, but.
mm. Yeah, it's ridiculous like you me, have you heard that?
It's Q. M. E. And it's it's actually good but it's kind of like that to where um you could get kicked out of the surveys. Like if you're you know if you don't pay attention or if you don't qualify or they just fill up before you're done or whatever, sometimes a partial payment. But the thing I like about it is you can cash out at any time, you have five cents in your account and you can cash out to Paypal. So
like I I need like $3 for something. I can go right out on there and just make $3. It might take a you know because there are surveys range between like 15 cents to like a dollar 50 you know? And most of the time if they're higher than a dollar, you don't qualify. Like it seems like but I've made quite a bit on there and paralympic.
It is it's pretty cool. And then um there's surveys on the goal which is on your phone, that one's that. Um I've earned probably like $60 and I don't do surveys from there. Not like constant surveys you know But located surveys and stuff and it's not like ads on the page or enough and it's like a legit survey thing but they don't have it on your computer, only on your phone.
It's because
it's
surveys on the go. It's good. Like I did a food study and they paid like I think it was like $30 I think I got paid for that. And it was like just
five day food study where I entered my food and that I ate every day.
Ah and you'll be in the store and they'll just have a survey randomly and you take a picture or something and answer some questions can I say?
And
then
there's a turk amazon. Yeah I do that too. But I haven't done very much on it yet. I'm working on
what?
Oh I see like I was wondering about that because me and my boyfriend signed up and he got denied and I didn't and I'm like uh huh. You know like I thought you know maybe they just take so many people and I wasn't how they did that and then my mom signed up and she got through just fine you know and I was like I wonder what their criteria for that is. You know like I've never I guess asked them. Uh
I don't know it's kind of odd. It's um you know you do surveys in it. You do some surveys and you do like weird things like transcriptions and like record yourself or take pictures of yourself pointing at something. It's weird like a lot of them you can't even do because you have to be like a certain nationality and speak a certain wedge and you know, so I have to skip those. Some of them just lock you out for no reason. I don't know.
probably not. There's paid viewpoint is pretty good actually once you get going on it like at first as slow and, and it's annoying but once you get going on,
it's pretty
good. I guess like I think I went to serve a police dot com to find, I think it was survey police to find some of the top ones to do. But
survey police. I think it is couple my conspiracy if that's what it's called. I don't know why, but my browser is horrible lately
I think. Yes. Survey yeah,
yeah.
yeah. I'm 37. I take them to make, you know, to make extra money because you know, I lost my job and I wasn't working and I need money and I needed cigarettes and I needed gas and I needed food. So like, you know, like he a few card, but I can't get, you know, like money for gas to get to work or, or wherever I need to go. But I mean I didn't stay home, but anyway.
No, it's not serving please. This wasn't it?
Yeah. Like I've been,
I've been contained from friends
and family. Uh, J
please. He's like, I'm thirsty.
I have a police. I was right. Okay. Sorry. But yeah. Yeah. The first lockdown, we, we were in hotels a lot. We should we, I don't think we took it as a very serious at first, you know?
And then like, like back in like March, like early, you know, february March and then we realized and and like nobody was in the hotels, you know? So we were staying there alone anyway. So it was we had we went to this one hotel will stay there for a couple of days and there was like literally one other people, one other family staying there and they were like on the other side of the hotel and it was huge because it was right by field where the packers play. You know, it's a big hotel, there's two things there. I'm like
don't realize safer than at home.
he was supposed to kindergarten and I'm having to do it for him and then expected to still work in job and everything. I'm just like, like I can't be his teacher, you know? And in school, like they want me to do the virtual school thing all day with them, you know, and supportive and I'm like, what? No, that's gonna happen. Are you
it?
It is like he was in preschool when it started got like, like they closed it and then he starts kindergarten and he's like confused. He's like, when do I get to go to school? You know, like the actual school and he doesn't understand sometimes that the virtual classroom is like um not recorded or he thinks live when it's reported, you know, it's weird for all. Mhm. I have an old, my oldest daughter, she's just, she's 16 and she just does it all online. I think fires, she's so smart, she does it all online by herself. I don't even have the club I mean,
but when did you,
what did you graduate?
Breathe?
I would just have to, especially with heart related studies. Like I did online schooling for accounting for three years and I got my degree, but it was hard to say the least like and this was just like, you know, some crap college, you know, it was a legit uh college and I was just like this is hard like
writing these papers, I feel my math but my algebra class, I had to retake it. I'm like
who the hell culture bruh. Like anyway, that should be done in like I took
that in high school but I couldn't even pass
it in colleges or I mean I did go to college like 10 years after high school still. Mhm.
Yeah. So every
crazy
thanks.
I take
back
I've got my parents and my son and like my son, you know he knows come to me before grandma and grandpa. So he's like, my can't go ask them, just can't you can you will grandma's that I'm on the survey thing so she'll get you something to drink if you ask now. No. Well yes, you go thirsty.
It's all now. It's like down in the thirties. Yeah. But I mean like last week it was really oddly warm and then got back to like phrasing because the wind is insane right now, insane. It's just crazy.
I hate it. I grew up out west, out in California and las Vegas areas and I still not used to it. I still don't like it at all.
Yeah. Older by now I'm a hunker down in my house and don't leave.
I
like
it. I quarantined myself in the winter every winter. Covid or not.
Well
I
use
all or something. I'm like, what are you doing it once I get cold. Wait, okay.
My
little around like why are you so cold mom? And I'm like, I don't know.
And there Dorothy. Mhm.
I
guess.
well I have a space heater down in my room so that but my parents keep it colder. Like you can feel the difference when you go up the basement stairs. You totally feel it just like
mom is freezing. Like if I give my son a bath upstairs, his lips will like turn purple and no ship and stuff as soon as I pull them out, it's like so cold up there. Mhm.
Tonight.
No in Bear man. I'm not looking forward to winter time.
going on around here too. Yeah, it is. And they nobody seems to give a crap that people can't pay their bills. You know? Like how are we supposed to pay a rent when we don't have jobs because this pandemic that the government, you know like not maybe not our government but a government allowed to happen or whatever. I don't even know what happened but still like article grandma.
I was waiting for that next one too.
I I don't think so either. I really don't like, I was hopeful for like august while ago and now. No, I figured
did this perfect study where I had to add a extension to my toolbar on chrome or to like, you know and it's supposed to only read facebook and the ads that show on my facebook and it's done nothing since I got it. It's supposed to give me surveys to do like once a week and I think that's why my my browser is like freezing up and stuff. I think it's like what a better thing.
I
thought else did that one.
Yeah, I kept pulling my profile up and just leaving it up because like I don't either, I really don't use facebook all that much anymore. Sometimes I'll browse it a little bit or I'll use messenger to talk to certain people but I don't sit on facebook. I I don't follow people, I don't have people following me really. I have friends but I think I a third. Mhm
I just clicked on extension to see if anything is done with it and there is a reward code I have to claim board. And uh it says I had I put it on november 5th I have to take any concert.
Yeah like I literally didn't open it every day at all, like it was twice, two or three times I had it open and then today I thought about it and I opened it and it's been open for a little bit and I just thought about it. I was like, wait, I should check that.
Oh, I play the game. Yeah, but I still get paid.
the game at all. Like it was supposed to put me in and then it said somebody else left, they didn't have enough people or something and it was done as soon as I got into it, so I
need to get that thing, but they still paid me. So I was
like,
that
doesn't quite, yeah, I remember the first time I see come up, I had to go to work so I couldn't do it. I was mad and I came up again, I was like okay, I'm gonna do it. And then I get in and it kicks me out right away and says it said that I was the best player or something. Like it evaluated me as the leader of the four and I was like, I literally did nothing. I to actually see the game itself. Like there was
like a chat that started to pop up, it didn't, not everything was loaded. And then bam I was like, well one and a game took me three seconds.
Yeah. And I was just like, wow, that was weird. And like it logged me as played the game and stuff. I was like weird. I was what the deal was with that.
I don't know why I like mine like switched and ended up the wrong. Let's see. Oh yeah,
it seems to show the right time. So I'm gonna give you think like on the site on uh prolific on my browser too.
Um Yeah, that one on my phone says five minutes and I had one up on here. That also that for some reason only says one minute, but 10 minutes ago it said 10 minutes, you know, or something like, so I think I just like the site is just not working, right? I don't know, but I'm sure. So like it'll it should still count. Be fine for me.
And like it's just how it's set up. Their timer will restart all the time. It's weird.
I have a good rest of your day,