then.
Yeah, how's it going? Uh huh.
Sorry
to hear that. I know you can't tell because I'm looking at my face, but it's really sunburned because um it's worse than it looks because
um I power washed, I have a deck, my power washed it this weekend and and that was on saturday all day long as outside, it's a pretty good size deck. And then sunday I was building a swing set for my kids in the backyard. And uh you know when you, if you have a sunburn and you get really like, you feel ill when you go to bed that night, like my stomach was just turning is by the way, we just like jumped into this, what the hell are we doing? Like we just talk about anything we want to, or?
Southern Oregon. Okay,
Vermont
Vermont Burlington, like if you heard of Bernie Sanders
now? Okay, well I had to borrow it from somebody. So when you say it's your forte, that means you've done this before.
me too.
Me
too.
Same here. Same here. But I'm just curious like have you done one of these like video chats before? I have not
All
I know. So I um I Have been working from home for like the last 10 or 11 weeks and like the first two weeks I was like super motivated and really productive. I mean this conversation has to stay here
but
I have struggled for like the last two months. Like I just can't stay focused on work. I've got two little kids um you can only hear one of them because my life took one just to check up today. But so there at the doctors but my four year olds in the background watching tv, my one year old, is that the doctor and my wife? And I mean between us, I probably, they probably get, this is so shitty. Probably about two hours of work. It's just, it's impossible to stay focused. Um, My wife will say, hey, can you help me with this or the kids get hurt or, or whatever. Um, and then I just stumbled on prolific, like, I was on a subreddit. I mean, I was suddenly I was on reddit, you know, read it right? And
I
wasn't even, I wasn't even looking for it. I just stumbled on the subreddit called Beer Money. And I was like, what does that mean?
And
And
uh, and it said, go, you can click on these websites and you can make money just by answering questions. And I was like, well that sounds fine. So
I signed up for, I signed up for like six or seven of them and all of them were kind of crappy. Like you, you get like a couple of pennies a day but with prolific, I've been on it for three weeks. I made almost 30 bucks. I mean it's like, it's a fun little thing to do. You know, just, it's beer money.
Take your
you want
me to?
what?
Moving.
What?
Bye
There
we go.
What?
No,
we're
not going to do that
bobby.
I'm barbara.
I love
that. It's cool at the end when they say like this is what it's really about or they'll
ask you what do you think it was about and I tell them and then it's like, oh no, it's totally wrong.
that's
like yeah
it's least palatable or most palatable whatever. Um
So I kind of get annoyed like not annoyed, but I don't really like doing them longer than like 15 minutes just because if something pops up for work and I've got to go attack it, like if somebody says hey can you look at this? Um I need to be able to do that obviously. So um if it's longer than 15 minutes, I pretty much skip it, but I found one just now for 17 minutes and by the way you notice prolific is all in british pounds, which is I have to like
because
you get
more
what,
and but I always, I saved a little link on google just so I can always do the conversion right away, just so I know like this one says $3 or £3.4 whatever the hell it is. So
good
luck.
No.
believe me. I know.
Why don't
get anymore.
No
more.
No, I haven't.
Yeah.
No.
What
Spectra
shows?
So
you
is it real
time?
Okay. I'm gonna take because I would like geek out on this stuff so I'm just opening another window. Tell me what it's called. Once more
Spectrums
or
key
Like a character on Pee Wee's playhouse.
Are
you you and I like right around the same age, like I'm early 40s.
Okay. All right. So we both know previously, Yes. Oh working is on Toy Story is a character in toys,
but okay, that is only pulling up Toy Story results so I'm gonna put
quirky
and
you
did.
Okay, subscribe. Hey there. My wife just got home and my daughter, Hi. Um,
I'm doing, um, one of those surveys, but this one, what is that? We have to have a 25 minute conversation with a stranger. Um, so
I didn't, so I'm talking to somebody in southern Oregon, which, by the way, I was just looking at google maps and I love looking at the satellite and I noticed there's a ton of like high desert there. Like I was shocked. Like I thought Oregon was all forest. Are
you living in that dry part? A
huge state?
all
okay. I moved to a different room. It will be a little quieter here.
Hey, it is in Vermont too, but no retail.
Do you, do you, do you have retail there? Yeah,
yeah, yeah. Okay. So our governor is a Republican so he wanted to very slowly. So he two years ago signed a law that we can grow like we can possess, I want to say five plants to, can be female, three can be mailed something weird like that.
And as long as you are possessing under and out,
you know like they can't even write you a ticket. Nothing. And part of me was like, well if it's legal, what's the big deal? But if you go to a liquor store to try to purchase 25 cases of Vodka, they won't let you do that either. So it's, they have to put some rules in effect, you know? Um but you can't buy it like in a store or anything, I'm gonna just do this, that's a little bit better. Yeah, so but now with with Covid and you know everybody's economy is just getting shot right now um in Vermont is really really dependent on tourism because we get a lot of people from boston and new york who come up here because it's very beautiful, very clean, very forested, you know lots of nice like lakes and mountains and resorts on them and stuff. We really really rely on people coming here but um obviously we don't want people coming here right now or they're just, they're just starting to ease up on the restrictions so
you say you've
been to Vermont? Oh wow.
Yeah. Um were you like a kid and your parents traveled or was this your choice?
Manufacture
wait, when you
say
horrible,
Do you mean expensive or or hard to find or
what is horrible mean?
created areas, some weird stuff coming up to your door.
What was what was the, sorry, the mountain in the background, What was that again?
Don't
worry,
I'm not knocking you, I'm just curious where
you are.
I'm
waiting,
I'm
waiting.
the mountain in the
background company.
take it seriously, so um and that's one thing, I was surprised because I grew up in New Hampshire about 90 minutes away, I moved here seven years ago when I met my wife and new Hampshire, I mean like politically they're very different states. You wouldn't think so because they're right next to each other and they nickname is like the twin states because Vermont looks like an upside down new Hampshire if you look at them on the map. Um And Vermont Vermont is a very, very blue state in New Hampshire is much more purple, I would say, you know, um and there's some tax advantages on the new Hampshire side, there's no sales tax or income tax, so if you're like within like half an hour of new Hampshire, pretty much everybody will live on the new Hampshire side, so I never, in a million years thought I would live in Vermont because in my pea brain it was like, oh well Vermont's like economically disadvantaged of, There's no good reason to go there, but when you're this far away, you know, 90 minutes away from the border, you're not really influenced by their tax policies and shit. I have no idea why I'm bringing this up, but you said something
that made me think of it, but either way it's just Vermont's a really beautiful place and I'm super
happy.
So
I am looking at google maps and I am seeing something I want to comment on. It looks like about half an hour south of you. Maybe 45 minutes is a town called on on Highway five. Why are E. K. A.
Okay. So I looked at that and I said Eureka and I thought I thought Eureka was on the coast and
then I,
I
yeah, I panned out a little bit and down about, I don't know, two hours southwest on the coast, there's Eureka and I'm like holy shit, there's two practically the same name.
The
old growth.
No, the closest I came was 20 years ago. I a gal, I was dating, she had an uncle who lived in Phoenix and we took a three week vacation to go see him. But like his place was our home base. But we went all over the west. Like we went to Grand Canyon, we went down to Mexico, we went to L. A. But that's the closest, like I've never been to the northwest and to me like I've seen like Seattle and Portland like both look like absolutely gorgeous cities and based on kind of the politics of the place, I think I'd fit in really well there too. So
I
when my
sister, when my sister got married, they took a road trip out west. Yosemite has big trees, right? Isn't there a road goes through a tree, something like that. You know I'm
talking about
there's a picture of her there and I was like that's crazy. Like here's the tree and like my sister is like this tiny little dot next to it. It's just unreal How big those things are.
Yeah. You're not wrapping your arms around
that thing enormous.
one
of those things falls over,
you're not gonna
I've
heard
of those
yeah. If I liked mushrooms I'd be like really excited for you. But
I think my association with them is because when I was a kid my parents would buy them and they would come in that can and they would just be slimy as fuck. And to me like I don't want to I like as soon as it would touch my tongue it which is gross and maybe they taste great and but I just can't get over that slimy factor now that being said if you buy them fresh like in a farmer's market they're not slimy but I just can't get past it. I can't.
Okay. We need to talk about something for a second. Somebody told me that I love sweets. Somebody told me that I would love this thing called a shoo fly
pie.
You have one. You must have had one where you're from our release
for you. Yeah,
I've
heard
somebody told me get wet bottom and I'm like, what does that
mean?
that's
the dryer. Okay. That's the dryer.
So what I did was I went on facebook and just in our local group here in um, I live in a town called essex. So I just posted an essex group. I just said will anybody make a pie upon request? I said I would pay for it because I'm not really much in the cook. Um, and if somebody out there really believes they're a fantastic cook and I would like them to make me. But you know, I probably the best thing I'd have to do. I need to contact somebody in dutch. What do they call it? Pennsylvania
dutch.
Now
I know they're like pretty much
in pennsylvania
and
Ohio,
I
mean
we can make whoopie pies. I mean I've had whoopie pies but
I want, I don't know, I just want like a somebody who's really skilled at making like sweets and pastries
and
stuff to do it.
It doesn't go bad. How do you keep it from getting broken though? You know? Like how would you ship a pie? That's why I can't contact somebody in pennsylvania.
Is that something you have experienced doing?
but all
drown.
You didn't buy the Pillsbury frozen there, anything you did the homemade
or
scratch.
I don't need
it.
Yeah. My kids are digging like the spaghettios with meatballs right now and I took a sniff of it. I'm like, oh God, it was only when you're a kid, but
Robin,
So
there's
a spaghetti oh tree out there somewhere that doesn't get
any pesticide out.
When you say you growing up poor or whatever, I grew up poor and I'm by like no means rich just because I have a backyard and a porch, it's jack
shit.
It doesn't, it doesn't mean anything. Um So sometimes just this weekend I asked my wife like, have you ever heard of this like frozen chicken company called banquet? And uh they would, when I was a kid, when I was a kid, my dad would get this frozen chicken that you have to bake for like an hour at 400 degrees and it comes out kind of dry, kind of crispy, but so it's not great chicken by any means, but it's
just nostalgia.
Yeah. Like I don't know what they bred it with but it's just it was pure nostalgia and I had a great meal and but I was like this was somebody's first bite of chicken. They probably would say chickens disgusting in there with but
I
just had
Right. I've heard like these conspiracy theories about them like pumping the chickens full of um all these different kind of drugs to make them so that they're so heavy that they can't even walk because I I don't know if any of this stuff is true, I'm
it's
not
to
an extent.
Well
if you hear like if you see like someone will sneak a camera into like slaughterhouses or those chicken houses where they raise them and they are cages stacked and they're just shitting on top of each other. It's really awful. It's totally something
I
don't
know
problem.
Well
that
yeah. Are we at time Have we made?
How much do we how much did we
make from this?
No, we've started at 9:45, didn't we?
You're three hours behind me, but it's 10.
Um What time
did you log in?
You were you were getting into those mushrooms? I just
getting how
much?
Yeah. Really? I'm sitting I'm coming. Uh How much was this survey? Do you know like there was like a Buck 50 for answering questions and then there was like $15 or something
for having a conversation.
Speak. All right,
well, we
earned it. We
earned
it.
I'm next 73.
Yeah. You to fire and I'm gonna help you and look you up on sparky. And I'm going to watch some seismic activity.
Go on.
All right. Thank you so much.
Thank you
very
much
there.