I, can you see me? Hello? What?
I can hear the kids in the background. High.
I just had a huge
allergy attack. But besides that I'm good.
hey.
I mean this is like my forte so like we can talk about anything. I got crystals on the back shelf on the hippie living in southern Oregon.
you at?
Ish?
So I can't borrow your pressure washer then. Damn it.
I'm just saying it's easy for me to make conversation. I could talk
just
about
anything. I can tell.
Uh No I do some software testing where I um sometimes I videotaped myself and basically it's like me looking at the websites and going through. I'm a gold rated UX tester so I do that for you test but their business has been really slow
and they're trying to get me onto things but I'm like look I don't have time to waste like every cent counts right now. So um if they don't have something that I just skip it like nope. And I only work with, I only work with a particular team because I trust them and there's just no bs like they write their tests properly and um it's just much easier. Like I love working with people globally but sometimes the language difference and it's just it's way more work than the money you get paid. So um I found prolific a little while ago and I was like holy shit where was this all my life?
Well
it's okay.
Your
money?
I said
that's what I said, rapid rise up your money, that's where
you were.
You're like
It honestly I've been doing this kind of crap for a long time trying to find that special one. And I had before I found new tests, I had never gotten any kind of real paychecks. And I've been working on working from home like that's my jam. Like I've been trying to do this my whole life
and um so I,
I
gave myself an education in um designing
websites and with wealthy affiliate, so I have my own business
through there and as I'm building that up, I do this to supplement my income and prolific. It's just, it's the only no bullshit besides I've ever found like I'm not, you know, every once in a while maybe there'll be a product or something that they're trying to find
out about. But um it's, you know,
other things are like bullshit, like
household
items like I don't care about you. I was like, I do, I use vinegar
and water to clean
shit. Okay, so you know, I don't want to talk for an hour about my laundry detergent, like it's not not
really my jam. Um
Yeah, but I love I love
the psychology surveys and stuff like that. You're just like what
what were they studying? Like what is
this about?
no.
Or there or there like you know 10 Children will die if you click this button now just getting like nothing like that. But but you know like that those weird scenarios where like there's only two options and you wouldn't pick either one of them, but you got to pick the one, you
know that's
Yeah.
Uh huh.
it's awesome. No
it's awesome. You
have.
Yeah you get more. So you always feel like you're like, oh like
that little bonuses. Like I wait like I used to convert it just to see what it was when I was like, well this is fun and then, but when you go to paypal, you got to convert it to us currency. Uh huh.
so you know like I rare, you know that's the one thing about working from home. You gotta you gotta pick your battles and um I get distracted sometimes. Um But
like
with the little surveys, I'm like okay, do you really need this? 53,000?
You know, 53 cents right now like. But I'm like, yeah I kind of do like literally I grew up dirt poor so every cent counts. Um
But while I'm writing and stuff, I
usually
have music on that doesn't have words or I use brain. FM. I love the fireplace. Brain.
FM.
I don't know if you ever heard of that.
Like it's a folk, it's like a focus track and um they only have one on there that I really like. It. It's the, it's the fireplace and there's like, basically like by neural beats, kind of like going on the background and then a fireplace. Um And
then I'm, I'm kind of a woman armchair scientists. So I've been studying earthquakes for a long time. So I'll have the
spectra step on my big monitor. It like
keeps
me,
it's um, it's basically a graph charts of seismic noise around the globe. So
you
can, you
can,
yes. So you can see earthquakes when they're happening.
Um Oh, the spectrum goes well.
The one the one I'm on. No, no, no, go to sparky
as
S. P. O. R. Ky.
I know
she's a very,
I'm 47.
Sporty.
on
Youtube, go to Youtube. If you, if you type in sparky, you'll see
it.
It'll,
it will look like a big graph chart
my wife.
Hi strangers.
No.
Uh, we have like a bunch of micro climates here. So
like when I, when I first cross country for the first time, sorry, I, the kids
are, um, when I first crossed the country, I went through the, the east side of Oregon and it was nine hours of just hilly, hilly desert. It was a nightmare. And my girlfriend's like, there's this beautiful hot springs at the end and Eugene and I was like, if there's not a hot springs at the end of this drive, I'm going to strangle you to death, this was gonna happen, but it really was. So once you get out to um, once you get out to the coast, it's super forested. But um, you can't see, it's raining pretty heavy now so you can't see um but behind me the mountain ranges um Mount Ashland And it's rather beautiful. I'd take you out there but there's nothing to see right now but myself. 40 mm.
Southern Oregon where weed is legal and.
yeah, that's
Yeah.
There's always some sort of stipulations,
the legal.
I've been to Vermont I've grew I grew up on the Susquehanna River in pennsylvania about
it.
I've been in every state except for Alaska hawaii in florida.
No, that was as soon as I graduated from high school I was like peace out. I started traveling and I mean I was never homeless or anything, I always had a place to live, but I just um I just, I wanted to go everywhere. I redwood forest, I was born in California, so in my mind I was always going back to where I was born, So 1998 I landed in San Diego for 16 years. Um so I was there for 16 years and then a friend of mine got very ill and I was kind of like it was getting overwhelming in san Diego housing was horrible, but it was actually crazier for me to try to find a place in southern Oregon than it was in southern California,
We had to move
few
months
ago.
expensive.
Every single person is like in san Diego, I always rented from like a private person, not like a property management thing. That was really hard to do here, like we were so blessed, we have like a football field of land now I'm a total country girl, so we like went more rural right before the lockdown happened. Um, so now I'm even more rural than I was before and I'm super happy. Like I grew up in the woods, like I live for forests and you know birds and creatures and
I love creatures. Um, So we're not in bear country here, but um, like I said, the mountains are myself 40. I mean it's just, it's gorgeous here, but it gets very dry during the summers. Like you know, I grew up in the pencil Tuckey rainforest so the dryness I don't like. Um, but I'm like a hop skip and a jump if I wanna go into the woods. So
that's
mount
out.
don't
worry about it. My nickname is fire by the way. If you find sparky site. Um, F. Y. R. E. That's what everybody calls me, jennifer, Nice to meet you. I don't
care if you know
my name,
I'm
not worried about the guy with that's married with kids coming to stop me from Vermont um uh what is going to say?
Mount
Ashland and I was gonna say to tourism is huge, part of how Ashland makes its money, They do the Shakespeare festivals um the summer and the fall um So the safe spear festivals like just brings tons of tourism here and they've already had to cancel a bunch of it. Um You know all the all the music festivals are cancelled, like that's just a huge amount of money here, so I'm not really sure how we're going to do, but we, you know everyone is really good about supporting local, so it's, you know Vermont's like that too, so that's one nice thing, like you know if you can buy it down the street you're going to do that here. Yeah.
Oh, it's
that
is
gorgeous.
Do y rica
now?
It's
different.
Yeah, I have a lot of people down there um out and out in the old growth redwood forest, which
is,
have you ever been there with your family?
you'll
feel, you'll feel at home there, like if your family feels at home in Vermont you'll probably feel at home here, but I highly recommend you want to take a vacation like let the kids run loose in the redwood forest, like it is like it's a must see, it's
see.
that's
that's in the that's in the redwood forest.
like I'm definitely a tree hugger and like any time that we've driven through the redwood forest but were able to stop, we just get out and just run and hug a tree, it's more like this.
No
no. Um But the water like like basically besides the bear or something, if you get into trouble like nothing is going to kill you there. Like it's just it's like
so
no
I'm just saying like it's so peaceful and the ferns and it's just like it's like Disney wonderland is basically what it is and right now is um uh mushroom season here. So I'm trying desperately to find somebody who knows what they're doing. Um I almost dated a guy once just because he was a psychologist because I just want to score the good mushrooms moss but I didn't do it because he didn't seem very compatible with me but almost did it because it was like it's that good and they're like coveted areas around here that people go and hunt mushrooms. Um So it's morale season now so
it would
be
like it would be so nice to bring some free morale's home.
sorry.
but you also have to, yes this is a texture thing. Like I was the same way with tomatoes and mushrooms actually when I was a kid. But yeah I grew up in P. A. Where everything is canned or jarred or you know I grew up in pennsylvania dutch country. So.
shoo
fly pie. I
like the
you've got to find a recipe for the dry bottom.
But if
you
see
because that's because wet bottoms are their preference. But dry bottoms are what my family made growing up. And it's just like it's like really caramelized and chewy. And so if you like that texture go with that one and the wet
bottom.
Yeah but the wet bottom is almost like it could be like this thick and it is just sugar heaven. Like if you're into that, I'm not a sweet person. Have a savory person. But the shoo fly pie man has got to go into that molasses uh
pennsylvania
dutch country. So you don't have, you don't have any Amish in Vermont know Amish
communities of the month.
No
Men in
Argentina.
Yeah. Mostly I was
just
wondering like no whoopie pies for you either.
All
now
see
see that's something I could make and send you because it won't go bad.
priority mail box. And then I make my little thing like I would take it on a drive except I would uh probably vacuum seal the pie.
Yeah. I just got into pies a few years ago. I I never was really into it because it's a pain in the ass the dough and everything. But I found I found this amazing vodka pie dough crust and it basically keeps the gluten from forming so I can um it's really easy to work with. I don't know if you ever bake at all, but um
uh it's literally the flaky ist most beautiful buttery pie crust I've ever had in my entire existence, and I can make meat pies with it. I made like the first pie ever made with it was blueberry pie, Fresh blueberry pie. I don't even eat fruit pies. I was making it for my friend, my elderly friends and but I tasted it, I was like, goddamn goodbye
and I don't even eat pie.
no,
no,
no. Yeah, I don't like the chemical crap. I grew
I grew
I grew up with that shit like I don't, you know, I grew up with Chef Boyardee pizzas, you know? Yeah, like it was like that but I love that shit When I was a kid, I tried to eat it when I was older for nostalgia and I was like, oh jesus, what was I doing?
you know I did I tried to eat spaghettios later on in life too because I I if that was poor people food back then like there was nothing else. We had
a can of spaghettios. Um Oh I never liked rahman. Um Then I found out how that shit was made. It's scary how they double fry the noodles and oh, it's so gross anyway. Um But they have organic spaghettios now too, like literally from the same. Yeah, I know, I was like, oh, because it doesn't
have
that.
I
know right? It's probably just the sauce, but I'm just like it and it doesn't have that weird tinny aftertaste. Like the old school ones have, because I tried to eat. Yeah, I was desperate once and I was like, I'll just get a can of spaghettios that also told me up in the eight. I was like, oh no, no, no, no, no.
me
neither.
the crust,
the crust is good. The crust is good.
no,
I,
I ate a lot of that in high school because my parents were gone a lot and I was taking care of my brother in a five bedroom house and um in pennsylvania and yeah, I mean it's very dry like it's basically like it in Kentucky fried chicken, like it's just old chick, old chickens like waiting outside.
well it
is
and you know, for me,
I,
I can't, I can't always buy organic chicken, but I can buy a lot of local here and in pennsylvania. I would buy directly from the Amish markets, Amish and Mennonite markets and there is a huge ass difference between between a whole roast chicken straight from the farm than that farmed chicken like
where they're in the big commercial houses.
grew up around them and then like chicken shit is the worst smell like give me cow or pig shit any day of the
week.
But
but those commercial chicken farms,
oh my God, when they clean those out in the summertime, it's horrible.
All right. We've
been
so
hi,
We we've been talking for 45 minutes.
No, 6 45.
a half a half hour, half hour.
Sorry,
I barely slept last night. I had the huge allergy attack this morning. Yeah, 6:45. It's only 7:17 now.
That's
legal
here too.
44
1470 something
and pat
and pounds.
we
did.
It was
to meet you.
Yeah, you'll see. Deb on there a lot. And what they'll do is they'll call um like what they're seeing on the spectrum. It takes a long time to study them to know what you're seeing. And it all depends on how close the booms are, how close the hits are to the stations. So it's a lot of it's a lot of stuff but um in the description below, she'll give different links where you can go and check stuff out as well. Um
But it's pretty cool. Come say hi to me sometime.
Thank you. Have blessings and stay safe with your family lessons
on
all
of you.
Bye.