Uh huh. Thank you. They're kind of late. You know what I was thinking? I'm making earlier and I attempted to wake you up. Uh Chocolate souffle and all I needed was a bar of chocolate. They say he was like chocolate chips, a little chocolate or thing up when they came to the Hello?
Hi,
how are you?
Just just a little bit, just a little bit. So how are you tonight?
I'm doing good, I'm doing good. Good.
Uh Thank you for something.
Uh Thank you. I actually got this uh from walmart and stuff. So yeah, wal mart. They have a lot of these. I don't know though, I got this like in March so that they
will have
anymore, but thank
you. So
how was your day today?
It's pretty good. It's pretty good. I just spent most of the date actually in bed. I wasn't feeling 100% so kind of like isn't bad and stuff like that, so actually just kind of like getting around right now and stuff
and stuff, so that's kind of like fighting and stuff like that, so um
so this is your first time doing like conversations online?
core.
Um this is my fort one
so
far. Yeah, so pretty, it's pretty interesting the first time, like when you started to do it, I'm like kind of like you said he was nervous right, so kind of nervous and be like, hey we're gonna have to talk about uh you can find something interesting, you know, so it's kind of like nervous thing, it's not nervous and that's not a word. Uh nerve wracking, but then after a while, you know, it's kind of like just find a common topic and start talking and stuff, so it's no pick up on something and whatever else, so that's how you actually
do it, but yeah,
and stuff. So did you watch the debates the past couple of days?
You watched the debate?
Uh
No, I watched the ending portion of it because I actually was doing one of the uh the conversations at that particular time, so we just end up just talking like other stuff because the
time was like mashed mess together.
that's yeah, overlap and stuff, so that's kind of like what? So are you in college? You seem
like you're
can I ask, what are you taking up?
Yeah. Um Yeah, and take up, I'm doing my doctorate right now, so I'm working on my dissertation. Okay.
Oh thank you so much for a girl, I'm old. Thank
you.
Well
that that is true, that is true. You definitely thank you for saying that you definitely right? Yeah, so it's pretty cool. So why did you choose human resources?
Agent.
that's
awesome. So you, so you haven't done any internships yet? Right, Because you're just a sophomore?
Uh
Oh wow, that's awesome. Well I hope you keep that up, we'll definitely, because once you get into the work feel it, sometimes it's always like hmm but I guess as you climb up the copyright and having a positive attitude it. Mhm.
I
know that's not like
a Debbie downer. Okay, lets fresh, fresh. That is so it's such a Debbie downer, but now that's the awesome thing, I just have to have a good heart, like you sound like you do. Yeah.
Mhm. That's pretty cool. That's pretty cool. Uh That's pretty cool. Um I don't know,
messy
break,
I love to read, that's like my passion, so I love to read books I like read um historical romances. Um Also I like to read like any books for dealing with business and marketing. Um Just uh yeah just put some business and marketing and historical romances and stuff like that, so that's kind of like my forte right now and
stuff. So yeah.
What about you?
Eight. Uh That's really cool. That's pretty cool. Did you do you use um the Tiktok app?
Oh
Yeah,
that's what I have. I started it mm like about two, 2 3 months ago. I had some of my students was telling me about it before um and I didn't know anything about it until they was telling me like oh yeah, well anyway, I was having a conversation and me being a little
bit nosy I was asking him about um and they started explaining it to me and show me what was so funny that they were doing. So anyway I ended up telling my husband and he got onto it. So he'd be like hey babe look at this, look at this and so he would always have something funny and it's fun. So anyway about Yeah two months ago I decided to actually download that myself and it was pretty cool. I don't know how they get the algorithm together because that that algorithm is really good.
Um So everything that I kind of like like spiritually um christian stuff, so they had the christian, they had uh the mom stuff, me being a mom, it had like
the business stuff for me, what all I like to do. So all my crafting and stuff like that too. So it had all of those different stuff on it and so for me it was kind of fun. So I had a lot of entertainment stuff, a lot of informative stuff so they give you a little bit not bits of the news and stuff. Um And then a lot of what else? Just educational political. It's funny. Some right rude because I don't like a lot of custom and so they have some people cuss a lot, so I don't like that portion of it. But I mean it's really fun. So I'd be on there like I'll start like I was on a friday and I started at nine o'clock in the morning because I was like okay
like if the kids ready to start school and then um just check it a little bit to see what's up and then you know, just get over my day and I'm sitting on my coach until like 12 1 o'clock just
to scrolling. Yeah,
it was just, well, it's kind of sad, but it was funny. So when my husband, he's like, babe, what are you doing? I'm like, you wouldn't believe it. I'm on here, still watching Tiktok. Uh huh. Well, it's, I don't know, it's cool. It's much more fun than um, facebook because I was on facebook for a while
a long time ago and they introduced me to instagram, but I was on instagram. So now I like go instagram and now I'm just tick tock. It's so funny. I just moved from one thing to the next.
No,
I am probably on it anymore. I think it's like so many. The last time I was on it, it just is boring and people just have all kinds of issues just going
on. But I don't do facebook like I used to before, and when I started like a couple of years ago, it was just like a lot of my associates at that time would be like, oh, you need a facebook needs space. Like I don't know if you remember my space, but it started with my space and they was telling me get on my space and when I finally got on Myspace, I didn't understand it. Then it's like, oh, facebook. So I got on facebook. But yeah, and I was like, oh, I love facebook and then now it's just crazy how I just graduated from facebook all the way. Not ticked off, but it's pretty cool. Yeah. And stuff, so it's pretty much, yeah. Oh, I'm sorry, drinking some tea too.
is um what did he make us? This is grantee and he added in some um some lime inside of it for me, like a little bit of sugar inside of it and stuff so
So what do you do for fun?
And.
Oh that's pretty cool.
Uh What is that?
It
is that kind of like an app or game? What is it exactly?
Mhm.
No,
I don't
let them make it because it's too messy but they
have it, they had it before, but by the time it gets on the carpet is just like a lot of work.
Yeah. Mhm.
No, you just finished telling me about it. So you said this line, so it's kind of like what a sensory with this line when you use it.
Okay. That's interesting. I never heard of before before. I don't feel, let's look into that. Okay, so
what are your plans for the holidays?
Yeah.
that's pretty cool. It's pretty cool. So do you celebrate it or do you just like mhm
Thanksgiving and
christmas and thanksgiving?
that's pretty cool, That's pretty cool and stuff
Yeah, mm hmm, mm. I guess I guess would it be I guess christmas? Uh huh christmas and stuff when I was younger, when I was a kid, I love love, love love christmas and then when I became an adult it was like mm
whatever you know what I would say stressful, it was just like kinda like whatever you kind of get on the stage because you know when you're a kid you're like anticipating the gifts underneath the tree, thinking if your parents got you what you wanted. Um So but now I've been, I got back into it because of my little ones, so they are super super super excited about christmas and my daughter, she is like literally flabbergasted about the whole christmas thing, so we cannot, well she cannot wait until christmas, so she's already done her christmas list to santa, which is interesting, so she's, she's like mama six, she's six, so what she did was I didn't know you could download um the center app on the phone and so she downloaded a santa, apple into the phone and she's like calling
these
different center absent, telling them, oh she went to prince's car, she wants this and that and then she wrote a letter to santa, so she put it in the mailbox then she called my grandma, not my grandmother, my mom and so my mama, she wants for christmas or other grandmother christmas and then of course me and her dad and stuff, so she ready like is already like making sure she does everything to get exactly what she wants for christmas set. Yeah,
so definitely this christmas gonna be kind of exciting because before, when she was younger, you know we get the gifts and she's just opening and then that would be kind of like it, but now she is super, so what do I say, super excited, she's so interested in it, that I think is going to be fun to just watch her open up all
her gifts
and just be like, you know, she's so excuse me, she's so yeah, a pressure to, so everything you do for her, she's like, oh I
love you, thank you so much, she makes you feel so special like just for the little things that you do for her and stuff, but I'm just like, oh you know, you gotta
make it happen for her because she's really, really by type of person where even the littlest things, she still has that grateful or humble personality on
within her. So super excited. So yeah,
christmas now because I can't wait to open up those gifts with her.
Yes, that shit, yep,
lovely. Plus what else can I say? Very determined, consistent because I watch, I watch her right now and I'm like, wow, if you have a goal, so your goal is princess card power, this car, she knows which one she wants. She says the two cedar, so she's like specific, so she knows exactly what she wants. So that's her gold. And then she put out the steps to accomplishing this goal. So her steps was, hey, I'm gonna let my mom know my dad, no, like grandmothers know. Then she went ahead and she downloaded the center app
to
center knows what she wants. And then she sends, uh, well of course, you know, we took it out of the mailbox, but she writes a letter to santa to say, okay, Hey, santa, this is what I want for christmas. So all in, all like I'm like, OK, I can't wait to see what type of woman you're going to be because that's very, all
very intricate. Yeah, very detailed. You ain't cutting no corners. You making sure you get what you wanted to of course every day it's like, okay, well my princess carton and she has her pictures where she's on the phone and stuff like that. And she's always showing us, I was like, wow, right division to make it plain. So she's always with her, her vision, which is her car and she's always showing itself. Yeah, totally impressed with the dedication and the drive on the consistency. Is that so yeah, definitely. Mm hmm.
And stuff. So yeah.
Yeah. It doesn't. I live in florida. So no
snow. But when I lived in a Minneapolis, uh it's no and I just loved it. It
was So have you been researching it snow before? Mhm
But if you ever do go somewhere like at Minneapolis is one of those places are not many will say Minnesota is one of those places that really like, you get to experience all the seasons. So we got to experience like autumn and I'm not saying in order so part of me like you've got experience autumn, you've got experience winter, you got two springs fall, spring summer. And you
actually got to see like the trees from when there was nothing on the trees where all the leaves that come off to actually see everything starting to bud and bringing life back again for the spring and everything
is flourishing for summer. And
then as autumn comes around everything started turning orange. And then the winter it's beautiful and the snow was beautiful the first time I saw that I could not believe it, it was so beautiful. But then it's
but it's really cold too and then one
of
the most interesting parts about it too is actual like ice, raining ice and so that was yes Rini ice. So yeah
but it didn't go hard, hard hard like when I was there I was probably
inside
but it was really I enjoyed it. So if you ever have the opportunity to I'm sure you have your like your young and
stuff and you have a great career so you're gonna be able to travel
and do all that. That's definitely spend
uh winter somewhere where it's gonna be snowing so that you can see because it's such a beautiful sight really. It is mm.
Yeah.
I was mostly inside, I was actually in college at that time, so for me I didn't have a car, so all of my friends had cars back then, so they would actually drive us around, but it's always about just being prepared for the water, so just dressing for the occasion. Um the warmers and stuff like that, like nowhere to stay inside or go outside, but that point chad please, I was like young and like to have fun. So I used to wear my my little short little mini skirts, I was slimmer and all that other stuff back then. So I would go out and it will be like like two inches of snow or three inches of snow, and I will have high boots on it, short skirts and jackets and stuff like that. But you after a while I think you just get a used to it so it doesn't really play a factor and stuff and then like you would get to cool and then think about it. I was living in the dorms so the school had the what do you call that? The central unit, the heaters stuff. So the buildings were always warm and then they have always had like tunnels. So excuse me so you can walk from one building to my max building and you don't even have to coincide.
most places, most places like that without snow, they really have everything together so you really don't have to go inside unless you really want to because all the buildings are interconnected From one place to the next.
Mhm.
So which are you in the United States?
Okay. Which state are you in?
Mhm.
That's pretty cool While we just finished our is what because of 25 minutes? Right.
that's fine that's fine that's fine. Okay
so how long have you been in texas? Have you been there your whole life?
Oh that's pretty nice. Yeah I always wanted to come visit texas but
I heard
it's really isn't really hot there.
And stuff stuff that's pretty cool. So
since
you're going to school do you live in the dormitories or do you live at home with your parents?
That's pretty nice. Oh that's pretty cool. So how are you dealing with the whole covid thing? So you're so with your schooling you're doing it online or are you going to campus?
that's good. That's good. That's good. So you but you actually before being on campus and have the whole campus experience. Right.
Thanks.
Mhm. That's good. That's good. Mhm.
Okay.
I am I think just having this conversation
with you kind of helped. So
it's not like yeah because I was laying out flat all day so I was in bed like cover it up. So now I had a little headache before I came on the call, so I was like okay I just want to know if I can get through this. Um But you know
so then you know talking to you and stuff, you know, I don't feel my head doesn't hurt anymore, I'm able to sit up so I'm going to actually be able to get some some work done um Or not because I may just be lazy and just chill back out
but since everybody is sleeping but
now I feel much better. So sometimes having conversations really do help you make you feel better and stuff. And then I learned something new about somebody today. Mhm.
Yeah. Just gonna do some resting. That's I think what it is.
stuff so yeah,
It was nice meeting you too. So well guess 927.
It's kira.
No,
it doesn't mind. No, I don't know. My dad came up with it. My mom said um from he was uh what do you call it when I was born? She said he wrote it on a piece of toilet paper and
he brought it to her,
toilet paper, wrote it down on the toilet paper, gave
it to her and said this is what her name is going to be.
Yeah. Yeah. That's quite an interesting story. Okay.
I don't know. Well I would like to think of it as I just would say for my life has been a real blessing. So for me I think you're with me blessing because God has been really good to me the last 19 years and being covered. So yeah. But that would
probably would be what it means for me. Mhm.
But anyway, it was nice talking to you.
So,
I have a
good night. Nice meeting
you too. All
right. Have a good night.
You