SPEAKER_L: All right, Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm mm. All right. Oh, for what? Oh. Oh. Uh huh. Oh right. Uh huh. Oh yeah. Mhm. Oh, okay. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh, it is our common and then we'll be on the terrifying and looking after that. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I mm hmm. Mhm, mm hmm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. And I don't know any evidence. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Family. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Well, Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. We'll never know. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah, We know. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing well. Can you hear me? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I can hear you okay.
SPEAKER_L: Very cool. My name is Jeff.
SPEAKER_R: Dorothy, nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: What was looks like they're getting set up maybe.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, sorry, we're good now.
SPEAKER_L: No problem. I've done a few of these now so I'm I'm used to the little setups.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's one of the nicer surveys, or like, Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Have you done a few of them already
SPEAKER_R: I've done a couple before this, but
SPEAKER_L: Tracy?
SPEAKER_R: I was just closing out a couple of minutes studying earlier. Sorry?
SPEAKER_L: What are you studying?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I'm on campus right now, back on back in college. Um And so it's the first week of glasses, so I'm just like, kind of finalizing since well before my classes tomorrow.
SPEAKER_L: Very cool. Are they doing in class study right now?
SPEAKER_R: Um I go to Duke. Um So part of it, like, I'm living on campus and like the classes has kind of gone hybrid, so like, some classes are in person with like online elements, all of the classes that I've signed up for, unfortunately online. Um But I'm still like on campus, like I'm living in dorms and all of that, so
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: still
SPEAKER_L: crazy.
SPEAKER_R: like, Yeah, it's it's insane. Especially um So you're considering like a lot of neighbouring schools, like UNC have like shut down very recently. All of those are just kind of like, we have no idea how long like kind of like if the hourglass on our time is going to go up.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Absolutely. Have a altered how the dorm life is. Have they imposed more restrictions and everything?
SPEAKER_R: So many restrictions. I mean they've done a really good job, like um for example, they've really limited, like they've kicked out all the upperclassmen, so like juniors and seniors are not allowed on camp, like they're not allowed to live on campus, so that's allowed. Um But yeah, which sucks. But um that's allowed for like really spreading out of students on campus, so that like there's a ton of empty rooms. Um They've done restrictions so that like pretty much everyone has a single. Um There are also things like uh for each, for every like bathroom, toilet and shower can only be used between up to four students. Which is kind of a different, like I shared a bathroom, a sink, shower, toilet last year was like 20 of like, I think probably at least 14 other students last year, they've done a really good job of like mandating us to wear masks and all of that. But it still feels crazy to like kind of go back to some form of some form of normalcy amidst a global pandemic.
SPEAKER_L: If are you born on that conservative side of trying to wear your mask more often and taking it really seriously or is it a little less of a threat?
SPEAKER_R: Um I mean all of were required to wear about like it's there's very much a social pressure like for good reason. Um I mean I don't think I'm taking it as seriously as I probably should be. Like I mean obviously like washing my hands a ton um wearing masks, all of that like social distancing, but with stuff like, like there's technically limits on um like I'm technically I'm in a suite, like we're technically not allowed to have more than three people in a room at a time but like I love hosting people so I constantly bring like groups of like 5 to 9 people to my room and like I I just definitely not wise but I I don't know we'll see.
SPEAKER_L: Well as long as they're typically the same people, it's okay but if you're starting to intermingle then it's always that like powder keg scenario. Right.
SPEAKER_R: yeah we'll see and like A week or two.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I hope you guys stay safe as you can. It's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: hard because
SPEAKER_R: hope
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: do.
SPEAKER_L: half of the college experience is being able to hang out and interact and really grow friendships and relationships so it's really tough.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I don't know how the freshmen are doing it, I couldn't like if I entered college with everything that's going on,
SPEAKER_L: Well those freshmen are the seniors of last year too, so they like didn't have their graduation. I had all this weird stuff. I work at a high school. I do, uh, I do technology for our school district and they primarily have me at a high school and the elementary school that's nearby it. So it was weird for us to have to shut down and not have a graduation, not have the, like the prom and all that other stuff that is grad night. None of that. So yeah, that's got to be really weird for that class entering college in that same kind of like almost post apocalyptic kind of feel like half population that's all hired.
SPEAKER_R: So like what are what are some of how your goal district in dealing with the covid stuff?
SPEAKER_L: Um, our city is very blue collar and so a lot of them are like anti mask and it's not as as dangerous as the media makes it out to me while um, there's, I would say us we're more of a minority those that are like taking it very seriously. Like I've been on a pretty strict quarantine because right before it all happened, I found out I had some kind of issue with my heart. So it turned out to be like, uh, like, you know, this is affecting people's hearts for long term, it's putting too much strain on somebody's with like a healthy heart. So I locked down, I I didn't want to go anywhere risk that. But
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: uh this is the community around here is very much, let's reopen kids need to be in school and everything else. And so they had to push and pull, they had what was going on with the media and around the world of like, you know, this is a real threat. And then they had the local people that really pay their salaries because it's all publicly funded. So there's like they have that pressure from them to kind of reopen. So up until a couple weeks ago they were going to do kind of like a hybrid where it be at least two days in the classroom, be like monday thursday for some and then Tuesday friday for others and Wednesdays off. And then finally the governor just shut everybody down. They said unless you can meet these requirements for your counties, you all have to shut down and you have to go distance. So we had to shift
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: gears real quick and spin up a bunch of other things
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Where are you? In the U. S.
SPEAKER_L: in Oregon.
SPEAKER_R: In Oregon, interesting?
SPEAKER_L: So we have the very liberal Portland above
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: us, but all around is all agriculture, it's all blue color and we're right next to corvallis next to us, you so we have that they're a little more liberal over there too so they're taking it a little bit more serious but like you know where we are. It's very blue collar and very uh huh You know, people walk into like the store with their mask on and as soon as they passed the doors they just drop it or so it's just it's hard.
SPEAKER_R: that's interesting. Yeah I'm from Houston. Um So I think that I definitely understand like the
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: kind of that juxtaposition of like being in a city where there tend to be more like democratic blue um values, but also just being in general in the south. Um Yeah, I I did a road trip from Houston to able to Georgia um because I have family in Georgia and I don't think I didn't want to fly up on and it was, it was insane going through like Alabama on Louisiana, Alabama particularly was like, No one had masks on, it was absolutely terrifying. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's what we're starting to feel like it's weird to not see people with masks and taking it seriously and it's kind of like it's almost kind of flipped the script as how it started off. You know, you'd see a couple of people in masks and be like uh they're taking it too far and now everyone's like kind of the reverse. Like if you don't see mask, you're like, hey, why aren't you wearing a mask? Why are you not close to that person?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, now, no, um I have a thought, I completely forgot.
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's all just like, oh, um so my brother is a physician um and he and I were like kind of talking about, especially considering like he doesn't when he dropped me off at the airport to fly up to um north Carolina, he said, see you in a month, like he fully anticipates me coming back. Um but he, he and I were talking about just like, what we anticipate this you're going to look like and all of that. And he, he was like, I think school's going to reopen just because you can't really stop it forever, but he was like, I think that it's going to take, unfortunately, it's just going to take, like, Children dying for like, people to really wake up and to see the magnitude of like, yeah, maybe it doesn't kill, but like it does more than we probably think it does. Um
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: and you can get it multiple times and like, it's probably scarier than we realize. Um but it might just take like someone's kid to die for, for people to like take it seriously.
SPEAKER_L: Well, even starting to see that over there on the east coast to it. We've seen schools open and kids get sick. There's a heart heart wrenching story about a young kid I want to say is more southeast like Georgia area somewhere in there that he got sick, got his parents sick and both of them passed. So he's an orphan now and he's, I think in high school, I mean that's how do you deal with that? The kid's life is forever altered just because people couldn't just kind of, you know, chill out for a little while. It's sad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, and like, it's also just really, I don't know, like, I think Duke students in general, um I like to think that we're like moderately intelligent and like, you know, we're not we're not going to do so rich it, but like um there have been a couple of instances where people have blatantly been just completely disregarding things, like um greek life on campus is dying for for many reasons, not just um uh the pandemic, but one of the, one of the frats kind of through like a smaller party of like 50-70 people, which that in of itself is like okay, why? But on top of that, one of the frat brothers um he had tested, so Duke tested everyone when he came on campus. Um and the idea was like, you should quarantine and self isolate before until you get your results, but most of us didn't also um we don't, the test was very like, it's not the thing where they shove off the stick up your brain, it was very like painless. So there might be, I don't even know if that's like completely accurate. And so um yeah so one kid tested and he didn't get the results back but he went to the party and you know as a drunk kids do, they pulled around and he tested positive the next day. So a bunch of other kids. Yeah so like data and pike a bunch of their members are like of quarantine off campus because that or like freshman. There's another there's a picture, it's absolutely disgusting of like probably 100 freshmen outside of the dorm. Um And they're all just like congregating. They were playing water palm. Like I just I was the first, I was a counselor for like orientation and I told my kids, I was like if you guys want to experience college, like if you want to know what it feels like to go to our local club or to go to like these big frat parties off campus, like shape the fuck up because this is not college, like water pong outside and thought that how will realize is um Yeah, it's, I think the issue is like we want to live normally and like, I think it's also really hard to ask a lot of these freshmen to like have perspective and to be mature and to put aside their selves there, like want to meet new students in this new environment. Um So like there's definitely a place for empathy for them, but like, I don't know, I, I just fully anticipate like outburst outbreaks coming like in a week or two.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there's tons of empathy for him. I mean their whole world is rocked And now you introduce that the aspect of going to college where you get away from your family or your hometown and everything else and you're supposed to have all these experiences and then yeah, I don't know. That's if you think about it, it's been about five months since everybody went to lockdown. So you're kind of getting a little stir crazy too. And
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I I totally get it. But yeah, my heart goes out to them, that's going to be really rough. My college life was different because I didn't really do college. I just hung out with everyone at college down at SAn Diego. So I got to experience it more secondhand without any of the pressures of studying actually. But yeah, not to have that experience that time to actually just be young adults is it's gonna be kind of shell shocking.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah. Do you have any kids or
SPEAKER_L: I do. I have two little ones, I have uh, eight year old and nine year old, almost 10.
SPEAKER_R: how about bin?
SPEAKER_L: uh it's been a roller coaster. They were out of, they were at private school before all this started. And uh when the lockdown hit, they came home and my wife works for the school district too, but at a higher level at the E. S. D. And so we both got to do remote work. So she kind of became their school teacher at home and started getting their mom curriculum and it was okay. They understood what was going on for the most part but you could see it kind of weighing on them where like they didn't have their friends anymore, they weren't outside playing, they only have each other. Uh There's been a couple of times where they start acting up and then we realized like oh it's just because like where they're only friends right now and we're not giving them that time because we're busy with other things going on are just tired of being stuck alone kind of here too. So we had to take a step back for those kind
SPEAKER_R: Next
SPEAKER_L: of instances and realize, you know, we need to be there for them because this is doubly hard for them. This is all they know. So they're still building all of that life experience and yeah, so it's kind of like, um, yeah, yeah, roller coasters, a really good way to say it because there's been really good highs to, there's been a bunch of ups of really reconnecting with them because they're at that age where they start hanging out with their friends at school and their personalities start changing and morphing to whatever they're around now that their home all the time. You could see like they kind of reset a little bit. They kind of turned back to who they are initially a little more nature versus nurture kind of idea. Yeah, so it's been, it's been fun that way, Really spending quality time playing family games and hanging out lots of Minecraft.
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: It's been good, right? But now this year we're starting to look, we were going to go back to that same private school, but then um their their curriculum wasn't up to par honestly too to help with like distance learning and stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: So we're going home school this year, just going to play it safe the whole year and then next year hopefully things will have calmed down and we can get back in and get them back. Acclimated to being an actual classroom. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's all crazy like, yeah, like next, next year, for example, I really want to study rods, I really want to go to italy um but it's like, I don't even know what next week is, you know, look like let alone next year.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, depending on how things go, they might not allow americans over there, they're starting to get a hang on it over there in the Eu but we'll see if, see if it sticks. It's weird, you heard like a new Zealand had zero cases for a while and then they kind of poked back up with a few new cases and nobody knows where it came from or how it's spread.
SPEAKER_R: It's really scary. Um and yeah, like I, I was, I was talking to my friend, I'm actually like, I don't think I'm supposed to be in this building right now um like just walking through. Yeah, there's a million restrictions for good reason, but um for example, like on the college library um we have to reserve in order to go in there like you can't just billy dolly and like choose the table and plop down. Um So my friend and I made reservations because like I need a change of pace from just being in my room all day um And but they don't allow food in there so and I like I was going to eat dinner i my class and it's pretty late. Um So we I was like okay I don't pay this amount of money to like not be able to study and eat at the same time. So we like I we went into this random like building um and for some reason we all have access to it, but I technically like and my friends and I are studying here but I don't think I'm technically supposed to be in here. Um.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and it's like like there was a there was an eerie sense of like just how it was clearly really eerie stepping on campus like the first day of classes when um we have two campuses dude. Um One is primarily for freshman, so seeing there's like a constant bus system that is rotating and so seeing like the buses pull up with like kids just piling off with backpacks on like walking their classes. That like sense of normalcy felt so wrong. Um Yeah, and it's, I don't know, I'm just trying to savor every moment because
SPEAKER_L: gotta
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you gotta take the good with the bad with it, right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: So are some of the positive things that have come out?
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Just being here like, oh my God, I miss like interacting with other like college students. Um Yeah, like I I duke I think is to me right now, it's the best place on earth, Like I've grown so much um there's something so incredible about being on this magnificent campus, surrounded by students from all over the world who are like also ambitious and like have different drives, um different goals and like I think I've just grown so much as a person, like perspective is widened so much because like um because I came from like a southern asian christian household which like all are incredibly conservative. Um and and so I going from that to this was just like I felt so much more at home and so much more like myself um and yeah, just just reconnecting with friends like that I haven't seen in five months, but I didn't get to say goodbye to because I never got a full closure on my freshman year. Um And like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: just we re we? Re seeing some of the organizations that like I've been a part of that we've been meeting online for so long and it's like finally being able to see their faces. Um It's just so nice like I will take sitting six ft across from people with a mask on any day rather than like over zoom, you know, I'm in texas there in Hawaii like I will, I will take this over anything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that was for me too, I like I said, I've been pretty strict on my lockdown and then uh amongst all of this, our church had board elections and somehow I got nominated and then elected, and I was like, how do you guys even know my name, that should I just be called the drummer, and that's kind of what I was filled as uh But so yeah, they held their first meeting and I got to go there and I was just like, this feeling of like I'm just saying you guys like in person like this, this has become very normal for me, like I do troubleshooting and I have meeting after meeting, trying to get everything up and running for the district, but like to see somebody in person be able to talk to them, it was it was refreshing to say the least.
SPEAKER_R: It's like like it just it just quench is a part of our soul. Like I like human like community I think is I I'm a huge extrovert too. So like
SPEAKER_L: Look.
SPEAKER_R: if I'm not with people constantly, I get tired and exhausted. Um Like when my um like my campus ministries grade, like the sophomores all got together on sunday and just like the laughter and the fellowship and just like people, I was like, oh my God. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's what you start to miss. Yeah, even my coworkers, a few of them uh stayed active through the district the whole time, coming into the office each day and everything. Um but about four or 5 of us kind of retreated to home and now some of them have returned back to work to try to get all the classrooms ready and whatnot. Uh I as much as some of them annoying me, I I miss every last one of them kind of, you know, I missed that camaraderie and the banter and doing it over like google chat or meet just isn't the same as being in the room and yelling at each other and giving each other a hard time making fun of the old man because they forgot again what they're supposed to be doing. It's just you miss all that like you said community. Yeah. Yeah. So what, what are you studying at, Duke?
SPEAKER_R: Um I plan on majoring in sociology, mining and Economics and getting a certificate and markets and management. Um So I have I came up with like kind of a plan for my like I want a 10 year plan but kind of 10 year plan um where I want to Kind of do um what consulting for like four years out of college so by then I'll be like 26 and then um after consulting I'll I plan on going back to school and getting a J. D. Then working for a non profit and then as a lawyer and then eventually hopefully running a nonprofit. Um
SPEAKER_L: cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah but then you know I was talking to my sister in law and like they're very big on like kind of digging into why you want to do things and like just just like good good solid things that like teenagers tend to not think about like perspective and and reasoning and understanding yourself. Um and she was like when are you going to get married and have kids? Um and she was and she yeah, she's just like Dorothy guaranteed uh that plan is going to change by the time you graduate, so
SPEAKER_L: It could,
SPEAKER_R: I say all of this. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it could it's good to have something to shoot four and then be flexible enough to alternative if if that desire gets around,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, I think that's why there's the four years of insulting because um I don't think I'd be any use as a lawyer if I have no experience in the real world, no experience working. Um and so like I'm thinking, I'm hoping that will give you enough time to like continue growing as an individual because I know that it doesn't just stop when you're out of college um and exploring like what nonprofit work I want to do if I want to do non profit work, so.
SPEAKER_L: what about non profit? Would draw you that way?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Um I went on a mission trip to new york city the summer before college and it kind of broke me. Like it really made me realize how everything I am only where I am because of the community that I've been like the community, the family, the circumstances and the opportunities and resources I've been placed into. Um like I'm standing on the shoulders of my family and like giants and like
SPEAKER_L: madam.
SPEAKER_R: I I've also come to the conclusion that like really the only difference between like, you know, blue collar workers like that, Mcdonald's fast food workers and like a Duke University student and like the socioeconomic differences I think are primarily due to information and resources and opportunities. I I think like for me like it would be just be so wrong for me to like live my life, not not giving that back, you know, and like like I'm able to look outside and enjoy the sunset and take a breath because I'm so privileged and like I think life is worth living and I would want to allow and like help take the burden off some people who don't have that time to take a breath and like enjoy the sunset and live.
SPEAKER_L: That is a great foundation to start a career. Just remember that no matter where you go, you can still apply that foundation. Even me working technology for students, like my boss is always like, it's always further students is always for the students. I'm like, no, it's not. I do it because I like helping people. So I'm supporting the teachers, I'm supporting the staff, the principles, all of them, I'm helping them do their jobs better and finding ways to ease their life. That's what it's about. For me, it doesn't matter what their home life is, It doesn't matter what kind of socioeconomic background they come from. It's whoever's in my sphere of influence, those are the people I'm going to try to help. Yeah. So yeah, keep that as your foundation. That's a good foundation.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'll try.
SPEAKER_L: Well, good luck. We hit our time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thank you so much. It was really awesome meeting you.
SPEAKER_L: Likewise, I wish you all the all the best and hope you stay safe out there.
SPEAKER_R: You too.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks