All right, Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm mm. All right. Oh, for what? Oh. Oh. Uh huh. Oh right. Uh huh. Oh yeah. Mhm. Oh, okay. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh, it is our common and then we'll be on the terrifying and looking after that. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I mm hmm. Mhm, mm hmm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. And I don't know any evidence. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Family. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Well, Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. We'll never know. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah, We know. Hello?
I'm doing well. Can you hear me? Okay.
Very cool. My name is Jeff.
What was looks like they're getting set up maybe.
No problem. I've done a few of these now so I'm I'm used to the little setups.
Have you done a few of them already
Tracy?
What are you studying?
Very cool. Are they doing in class study right now?
That's
crazy.
Yeah. Absolutely. Have a altered how the dorm life is. Have they imposed more restrictions and everything?
If are you born on that conservative side of trying to wear your mask more often and taking it really seriously or is it a little less of a threat?
Well as long as they're typically the same people, it's okay but if you're starting to intermingle then it's always that like powder keg scenario. Right.
Yeah. I hope you guys stay safe as you can. It's
hard because
that's
that's
half of the college experience is being able to hang out and interact and really grow friendships and relationships so it's really tough.
Well those freshmen are the seniors of last year too, so they like didn't have their graduation. I had all this weird stuff. I work at a high school. I do, uh, I do technology for our school district and they primarily have me at a high school and the elementary school that's nearby it. So it was weird for us to have to shut down and not have a graduation, not have the, like the prom and all that other stuff that is grad night. None of that. So yeah, that's got to be really weird for that class entering college in that same kind of like almost post apocalyptic kind of feel like half population that's all hired.
Um, our city is very blue collar and so a lot of them are like anti mask and it's not as as dangerous as the media makes it out to me while um, there's, I would say us we're more of a minority those that are like taking it very seriously. Like I've been on a pretty strict quarantine because right before it all happened, I found out I had some kind of issue with my heart. So it turned out to be like, uh, like, you know, this is affecting people's hearts for long term, it's putting too much strain on somebody's with like a healthy heart. So I locked down, I I didn't want to go anywhere risk that. But
uh this is the community around here is very much, let's reopen kids need to be in school and everything else. And so they had to push and pull, they had what was going on with the media and around the world of like, you know, this is a real threat. And then they had the local people that really pay their salaries because it's all publicly funded. So there's like they have that pressure from them to kind of reopen. So up until a couple weeks ago they were going to do kind of like a hybrid where it be at least two days in the classroom, be like monday thursday for some and then Tuesday friday for others and Wednesdays off. And then finally the governor just shut everybody down. They said unless you can meet these requirements for your counties, you all have to shut down and you have to go distance. So we had to shift
gears real quick and spin up a bunch of other things
in Oregon.
So we have the very liberal Portland above
us, but all around is all agriculture, it's all blue color and we're right next to corvallis next to us, you so we have that they're a little more liberal over there too so they're taking it a little bit more serious but like you know where we are. It's very blue collar and very uh huh You know, people walk into like the store with their mask on and as soon as they passed the doors they just drop it or so it's just it's hard.
What?
Yeah. That's what we're starting to feel like it's weird to not see people with masks and taking it seriously and it's kind of like it's almost kind of flipped the script as how it started off. You know, you'd see a couple of people in masks and be like uh they're taking it too far and now everyone's like kind of the reverse. Like if you don't see mask, you're like, hey, why aren't you wearing a mask? Why are you not close to that person?
Great.
huh.
Well, even starting to see that over there on the east coast to it. We've seen schools open and kids get sick. There's a heart heart wrenching story about a young kid I want to say is more southeast like Georgia area somewhere in there that he got sick, got his parents sick and both of them passed. So he's an orphan now and he's, I think in high school, I mean that's how do you deal with that? The kid's life is forever altered just because people couldn't just kind of, you know, chill out for a little while. It's sad.
Yeah, there's tons of empathy for him. I mean their whole world is rocked And now you introduce that the aspect of going to college where you get away from your family or your hometown and everything else and you're supposed to have all these experiences and then yeah, I don't know. That's if you think about it, it's been about five months since everybody went to lockdown. So you're kind of getting a little stir crazy too. And
yeah, I I totally get it. But yeah, my heart goes out to them, that's going to be really rough. My college life was different because I didn't really do college. I just hung out with everyone at college down at SAn Diego. So I got to experience it more secondhand without any of the pressures of studying actually. But yeah, not to have that experience that time to actually just be young adults is it's gonna be kind of shell shocking.
I do. I have two little ones, I have uh, eight year old and nine year old, almost 10.
uh it's been a roller coaster. They were out of, they were at private school before all this started. And uh when the lockdown hit, they came home and my wife works for the school district too, but at a higher level at the E. S. D. And so we both got to do remote work. So she kind of became their school teacher at home and started getting their mom curriculum and it was okay. They understood what was going on for the most part but you could see it kind of weighing on them where like they didn't have their friends anymore, they weren't outside playing, they only have each other. Uh There's been a couple of times where they start acting up and then we realized like oh it's just because like where they're only friends right now and we're not giving them that time because we're busy with other things going on are just tired of being stuck alone kind of here too. So we had to take a step back for those kind
of instances and realize, you know, we need to be there for them because this is doubly hard for them. This is all they know. So they're still building all of that life experience and yeah, so it's kind of like, um, yeah, yeah, roller coasters, a really good way to say it because there's been really good highs to, there's been a bunch of ups of really reconnecting with them because they're at that age where they start hanging out with their friends at school and their personalities start changing and morphing to whatever they're around now that their home all the time. You could see like they kind of reset a little bit. They kind of turned back to who they are initially a little more nature versus nurture kind of idea. Yeah, so it's been, it's been fun that way, Really spending quality time playing family games and hanging out lots of Minecraft.
It's been good, right? But now this year we're starting to look, we were going to go back to that same private school, but then um their their curriculum wasn't up to par honestly too to help with like distance learning and stuff like that.
So we're going home school this year, just going to play it safe the whole year and then next year hopefully things will have calmed down and we can get back in and get them back. Acclimated to being an actual classroom. Uh huh
Uh huh. Yeah.
Yeah, depending on how things go, they might not allow americans over there, they're starting to get a hang on it over there in the Eu but we'll see if, see if it sticks. It's weird, you heard like a new Zealand had zero cases for a while and then they kind of poked back up with a few new cases and nobody knows where it came from or how it's spread.
Uh huh.
gotta
you gotta take the good with the bad with it, right. Yeah.
So are some of the positive things that have come out?
What?
Yeah, that was for me too, I like I said, I've been pretty strict on my lockdown and then uh amongst all of this, our church had board elections and somehow I got nominated and then elected, and I was like, how do you guys even know my name, that should I just be called the drummer, and that's kind of what I was filled as uh But so yeah, they held their first meeting and I got to go there and I was just like, this feeling of like I'm just saying you guys like in person like this, this has become very normal for me, like I do troubleshooting and I have meeting after meeting, trying to get everything up and running for the district, but like to see somebody in person be able to talk to them, it was it was refreshing to say the least.
Look.
that's what you start to miss. Yeah, even my coworkers, a few of them uh stayed active through the district the whole time, coming into the office each day and everything. Um but about four or 5 of us kind of retreated to home and now some of them have returned back to work to try to get all the classrooms ready and whatnot. Uh I as much as some of them annoying me, I I miss every last one of them kind of, you know, I missed that camaraderie and the banter and doing it over like google chat or meet just isn't the same as being in the room and yelling at each other and giving each other a hard time making fun of the old man because they forgot again what they're supposed to be doing. It's just you miss all that like you said community. Yeah. Yeah. So what, what are you studying at, Duke?
cool.
It could,
it could it's good to have something to shoot four and then be flexible enough to alternative if if that desire gets around,
what about non profit? Would draw you that way?
madam.
That is a great foundation to start a career. Just remember that no matter where you go, you can still apply that foundation. Even me working technology for students, like my boss is always like, it's always further students is always for the students. I'm like, no, it's not. I do it because I like helping people. So I'm supporting the teachers, I'm supporting the staff, the principles, all of them, I'm helping them do their jobs better and finding ways to ease their life. That's what it's about. For me, it doesn't matter what their home life is, It doesn't matter what kind of socioeconomic background they come from. It's whoever's in my sphere of influence, those are the people I'm going to try to help. Yeah. So yeah, keep that as your foundation. That's a good foundation.
Well, good luck. We hit our time.
Likewise, I wish you all the all the best and hope you stay safe out there.
Thanks