Hi, how are you?
I can hear you okay.
Dorothy, nice to meet you.
yeah, sorry, we're good now.
Yeah, it's one of the nicer surveys, or like, Yeah,
I've done a couple before this, but
I was just closing out a couple of minutes studying earlier. Sorry?
Um So I'm on campus right now, back on back in college. Um And so it's the first week of glasses, so I'm just like, kind of finalizing since well before my classes tomorrow.
Um I go to Duke. Um So part of it, like, I'm living on campus and like the classes has kind of gone hybrid, so like, some classes are in person with like online elements, all of the classes that I've signed up for, unfortunately online. Um But I'm still like on campus, like I'm living in dorms and all of that, so
still
like, Yeah, it's it's insane. Especially um So you're considering like a lot of neighbouring schools, like UNC have like shut down very recently. All of those are just kind of like, we have no idea how long like kind of like if the hourglass on our time is going to go up.
So many restrictions. I mean they've done a really good job, like um for example, they've really limited, like they've kicked out all the upperclassmen, so like juniors and seniors are not allowed on camp, like they're not allowed to live on campus, so that's allowed. Um But yeah, which sucks. But um that's allowed for like really spreading out of students on campus, so that like there's a ton of empty rooms. Um They've done restrictions so that like pretty much everyone has a single. Um There are also things like uh for each, for every like bathroom, toilet and shower can only be used between up to four students. Which is kind of a different, like I shared a bathroom, a sink, shower, toilet last year was like 20 of like, I think probably at least 14 other students last year, they've done a really good job of like mandating us to wear masks and all of that. But it still feels crazy to like kind of go back to some form of some form of normalcy amidst a global pandemic.
Um I mean all of were required to wear about like it's there's very much a social pressure like for good reason. Um I mean I don't think I'm taking it as seriously as I probably should be. Like I mean obviously like washing my hands a ton um wearing masks, all of that like social distancing, but with stuff like, like there's technically limits on um like I'm technically I'm in a suite, like we're technically not allowed to have more than three people in a room at a time but like I love hosting people so I constantly bring like groups of like 5 to 9 people to my room and like I I just definitely not wise but I I don't know we'll see.
yeah we'll see and like A week or two.
I
hope
you
do.
Yeah I don't know how the freshmen are doing it, I couldn't like if I entered college with everything that's going on,
So like what are what are some of how your goal district in dealing with the covid stuff?
No.
Thank you.
Yeah. Where are you? In the U. S.
In Oregon, interesting?
No,
that's interesting. Yeah I'm from Houston. Um So I think that I definitely understand like the
kind of that juxtaposition of like being in a city where there tend to be more like democratic blue um values, but also just being in general in the south. Um Yeah, I I did a road trip from Houston to able to Georgia um because I have family in Georgia and I don't think I didn't want to fly up on and it was, it was insane going through like Alabama on Louisiana, Alabama particularly was like, No one had masks on, it was absolutely terrifying. Yeah.
Yeah, now, no, um I have a thought, I completely forgot.
Yeah, it's all just like, oh, um so my brother is a physician um and he and I were like kind of talking about, especially considering like he doesn't when he dropped me off at the airport to fly up to um north Carolina, he said, see you in a month, like he fully anticipates me coming back. Um but he, he and I were talking about just like, what we anticipate this you're going to look like and all of that. And he, he was like, I think school's going to reopen just because you can't really stop it forever, but he was like, I think that it's going to take, unfortunately, it's just going to take, like, Children dying for like, people to really wake up and to see the magnitude of like, yeah, maybe it doesn't kill, but like it does more than we probably think it does. Um
and you can get it multiple times and like, it's probably scarier than we realize. Um but it might just take like someone's kid to die for, for people to like take it seriously.
Yeah. Yeah, and like, it's also just really, I don't know, like, I think Duke students in general, um I like to think that we're like moderately intelligent and like, you know, we're not we're not going to do so rich it, but like um there have been a couple of instances where people have blatantly been just completely disregarding things, like um greek life on campus is dying for for many reasons, not just um uh the pandemic, but one of the, one of the frats kind of through like a smaller party of like 50-70 people, which that in of itself is like okay, why? But on top of that, one of the frat brothers um he had tested, so Duke tested everyone when he came on campus. Um and the idea was like, you should quarantine and self isolate before until you get your results, but most of us didn't also um we don't, the test was very like, it's not the thing where they shove off the stick up your brain, it was very like painless. So there might be, I don't even know if that's like completely accurate. And so um yeah so one kid tested and he didn't get the results back but he went to the party and you know as a drunk kids do, they pulled around and he tested positive the next day. So a bunch of other kids. Yeah so like data and pike a bunch of their members are like of quarantine off campus because that or like freshman. There's another there's a picture, it's absolutely disgusting of like probably 100 freshmen outside of the dorm. Um And they're all just like congregating. They were playing water palm. Like I just I was the first, I was a counselor for like orientation and I told my kids, I was like if you guys want to experience college, like if you want to know what it feels like to go to our local club or to go to like these big frat parties off campus, like shape the fuck up because this is not college, like water pong outside and thought that how will realize is um Yeah, it's, I think the issue is like we want to live normally and like, I think it's also really hard to ask a lot of these freshmen to like have perspective and to be mature and to put aside their selves there, like want to meet new students in this new environment. Um So like there's definitely a place for empathy for them, but like, I don't know, I, I just fully anticipate like outburst outbreaks coming like in a week or two.
No.
Mhm. Yeah. Do you have any kids or
how about bin?
Next
I mean,
I see.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's all crazy like, yeah, like next, next year, for example, I really want to study rods, I really want to go to italy um but it's like, I don't even know what next week is, you know, look like let alone next year.
It's really scary. Um and yeah, like I, I was, I was talking to my friend, I'm actually like, I don't think I'm supposed to be in this building right now um like just walking through. Yeah, there's a million restrictions for good reason, but um for example, like on the college library um we have to reserve in order to go in there like you can't just billy dolly and like choose the table and plop down. Um So my friend and I made reservations because like I need a change of pace from just being in my room all day um And but they don't allow food in there so and I like I was going to eat dinner i my class and it's pretty late. Um So we I was like okay I don't pay this amount of money to like not be able to study and eat at the same time. So we like I we went into this random like building um and for some reason we all have access to it, but I technically like and my friends and I are studying here but I don't think I'm technically supposed to be in here. Um.
Yeah and it's like like there was a there was an eerie sense of like just how it was clearly really eerie stepping on campus like the first day of classes when um we have two campuses dude. Um One is primarily for freshman, so seeing there's like a constant bus system that is rotating and so seeing like the buses pull up with like kids just piling off with backpacks on like walking their classes. That like sense of normalcy felt so wrong. Um Yeah, and it's, I don't know, I'm just trying to savor every moment because
I
No.
Uh huh. Just being here like, oh my God, I miss like interacting with other like college students. Um Yeah, like I I duke I think is to me right now, it's the best place on earth, Like I've grown so much um there's something so incredible about being on this magnificent campus, surrounded by students from all over the world who are like also ambitious and like have different drives, um different goals and like I think I've just grown so much as a person, like perspective is widened so much because like um because I came from like a southern asian christian household which like all are incredibly conservative. Um and and so I going from that to this was just like I felt so much more at home and so much more like myself um and yeah, just just reconnecting with friends like that I haven't seen in five months, but I didn't get to say goodbye to because I never got a full closure on my freshman year. Um And like
just we re we? Re seeing some of the organizations that like I've been a part of that we've been meeting online for so long and it's like finally being able to see their faces. Um It's just so nice like I will take sitting six ft across from people with a mask on any day rather than like over zoom, you know, I'm in texas there in Hawaii like I will, I will take this over anything.
It's like like it just it just quench is a part of our soul. Like I like human like community I think is I I'm a huge extrovert too. So like
if I'm not with people constantly, I get tired and exhausted. Um Like when my um like my campus ministries grade, like the sophomores all got together on sunday and just like the laughter and the fellowship and just like people, I was like, oh my God. Yeah. Yeah.
Um I plan on majoring in sociology, mining and Economics and getting a certificate and markets and management. Um So I have I came up with like kind of a plan for my like I want a 10 year plan but kind of 10 year plan um where I want to Kind of do um what consulting for like four years out of college so by then I'll be like 26 and then um after consulting I'll I plan on going back to school and getting a J. D. Then working for a non profit and then as a lawyer and then eventually hopefully running a nonprofit. Um
Yeah but then you know I was talking to my sister in law and like they're very big on like kind of digging into why you want to do things and like just just like good good solid things that like teenagers tend to not think about like perspective and and reasoning and understanding yourself. Um and she was like when are you going to get married and have kids? Um and she was and she yeah, she's just like Dorothy guaranteed uh that plan is going to change by the time you graduate, so
I say all of this. Yeah,
Mhm. Yeah, I think that's why there's the four years of insulting because um I don't think I'd be any use as a lawyer if I have no experience in the real world, no experience working. Um and so like I'm thinking, I'm hoping that will give you enough time to like continue growing as an individual because I know that it doesn't just stop when you're out of college um and exploring like what nonprofit work I want to do if I want to do non profit work, so.
Mhm. Um I went on a mission trip to new york city the summer before college and it kind of broke me. Like it really made me realize how everything I am only where I am because of the community that I've been like the community, the family, the circumstances and the opportunities and resources I've been placed into. Um like I'm standing on the shoulders of my family and like giants and like
I I've also come to the conclusion that like really the only difference between like, you know, blue collar workers like that, Mcdonald's fast food workers and like a Duke University student and like the socioeconomic differences I think are primarily due to information and resources and opportunities. I I think like for me like it would be just be so wrong for me to like live my life, not not giving that back, you know, and like like I'm able to look outside and enjoy the sunset and take a breath because I'm so privileged and like I think life is worth living and I would want to allow and like help take the burden off some people who don't have that time to take a breath and like enjoy the sunset and live.
Yeah. I'll try.
Yeah. Thank you so much. It was really awesome meeting you.
You too.