SPEAKER_L: right, yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm Mhm Okay, mm. Oh yeah, yeah, No. Mhm. Uh huh, mm Okay. Mhm Cool. Oh yes, Okay, Yeah. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Hello. How
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: Um My name is marty,
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry not Nadia,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, not even
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty
SPEAKER_L: cripple,
SPEAKER_R: train T. R. A. C. Y. Tracy.
SPEAKER_L: alright. Tracy. Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Like why? Thank you. I love your glasses. Those are awesome. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: how is your day so far? How is your day?
SPEAKER_R: So far so good. It's kind of funny. Are you on the west coast or on the east coast?
SPEAKER_L: I'm kind of on the west coast, I'm in Arizona.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm in southern California, so probably close to the same time zone.
SPEAKER_L: So nice. What, sleeping with, if you don't mind me asking what city?
SPEAKER_R: Outside of san Diego,
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God, I've always heard it's like gorgeous out there. How long have you been?
SPEAKER_R: it's really nice. It is very very pretty. Um yeah, I'm a little bit biased. I was born in northern California so I kind of like it up there a little bit better. The big trees and a little bit more grass and but down here is really nice and it's nice to have the ocean so close and yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I've been,
SPEAKER_R: so what part of Arizona are you
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: in?
SPEAKER_L: in phoenix. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: spring training capital of the world.
SPEAKER_L: it seems I just moved out here actually next month
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So you're just kind of getting used to it.
SPEAKER_L: somewhat, I mean I grew, I it's kind of a weird story, I grew up between New York and Phoenix up until I was about 10 and then we moved out there permanently and I I was living in new york right up until october basically and
SPEAKER_R: Recently they came back then. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I have family here, so I've always kind of visited, I've always kind of wondered like well what would it be like if I moved out there? Um So I just did it this year. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Good for you.
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: That's a big move. But that's at least your winters will be nicer your summers, well, new york, it's I think pretty humid in the summer, so you won't have that out here.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I mean it gets insanely hot here. Um I'm just gonna see if I can manage and you know, I'm kind of flexible now as far as like where I could live, but so I suppose if the summers weren't that great, I could try to spend some months in new york or or in a different place that wasn't as hot, that's what I want. Does she's worked at the school, so she spends the summer in Mexico?
SPEAKER_R: Oh nice. So she kind of gets the best of all those different worlds. She gets the better weather for the summer and for the winter I had an uncle do that. They live in Canada and they come down for, they used to anyway, they come down for the winter in florida. Um and they call them snowbirds. Um and then they go home for the summer up there, but the summers up there, like the summers in new york is where it's really muggy and humid and lots of bugs and just Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: so were you in new york city?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I was I was living means one of the girls. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: cool. Yeah, I'm roughly familiar. I I you know, obviously everybody kind of knows Manhattan. Um But I know all the other boroughs, I'm just not as familiar with how they all like interconnect because they're kind of their own separate city almost. Where?
SPEAKER_L: but I've been living there for 20 years and I just kind of I guess like after the whole pandemic happened with the lockdown being so strict there and not only that, it was like the riots, the curfews, things like that, and that's just kind of sealed the deal for me, I was like I'm just getting out of here, I don't I'd always kind of been like not not loving it I guess for the past couple of years and I just, Honey
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah, well there's a lot of people there and it it's in some ways I think it would be really nice because it would be kind of like the melting pot everybody talks about and you get exposed to so many great cultures, but at the same time so many people all kind of in one small area makes for so much friction. That can be really hard. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's exactly right. Um So yeah, mm
SPEAKER_R: well that's cool. At least you had the option of somewhere to go. Um
SPEAKER_L: yep,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I'm lucky in that way, I know a lot of people want to um a lot of people did leave if they could leave and then some people are just um you know they like it there and they want to stay in their their new Yorkers or what have you um Some people don't have the means to just kind of pick up and leave.
SPEAKER_R: Especially during all the financial, I mean not just the pandemic but all the people who have lost their jobs and just it's not good out there for most people right now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's true. Both lost their job like they want some of this year.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Sure. Oh that's not good. I'm sorry to hear that. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: what do you do out there, do you? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I live with my mom basically at the moment. I'm not really doing too much because we're, she's really vulnerable so I I just try not to do, I do I do as little as possible outside of the house so I'm trying to do as much as possible online. Um
SPEAKER_L: So many people
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: government
SPEAKER_L: online,
SPEAKER_R: stop.
SPEAKER_L: groceries, everything.
SPEAKER_R: It's crazy. It's I mean I think I'm a little older than you and I mean when I grew up you could bear I mean you got your newspaper delivered and that was about it and now you can get literally anything. I mean anything anything you can think of if amazon doesn't have it, they know where to find it,
SPEAKER_L: exactly. It's kind of creepy though how big they've gotten, you know like I heard that he's like what a trillionaire or
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: something like them.
SPEAKER_R: yes or close so yeah, he's like one of the, what did they I hear he was like one of the top five richest people ever or something ridiculous. Which I kinda in a way I'm I admire that. I mean his his drive and his know how put together that company that made so much money. But on the other hand, does one person really need that much money? Couldn't we tax them a little bit? You know, I mean it wouldn't hurt him and it would help so many people if he could, if we could raise that tax rate so we'll have to see what happens in the next few years. From what I understand from what biden has been talking about. That's one of the things he's going to work on is raising the tax on people who make tons of money like
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: perfect, Nobody needs that
SPEAKER_R: How many of
SPEAKER_L: rich, you know I guess he won't happen along with them.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yes, he did. He want capitalism for sure. So now that he's won the game, he might want to hopefully he wants to try and share some of the wealth because that's um I don't know, it just seems like so much could be done for so many people who are hurting um and and and the people who can do something don't seem to want to, so we'll have to see how that turns out. You know, I don't yeah, I don't I don't hold out huge hope, but I think there is some hope that things will change at least a little bit. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: they were saying that I read somewhere that the tax rate like in the 40s and the 50s used to be like 80 and 90% over a certain amount. So if you made anything over $200,000 a year, you would get charged 90% tax on it. And to me that kind of seems fair because if you make that much, your lifestyle is not going to be that affected if you make that much, you know that tiny bit less, it's I don't know, it's just coming from the, of course if I had a ton of money, I'd be like, no, I don't want to give up any of my money,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I guess I
SPEAKER_R: wow, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: don't know because I want I don't have it for the money, I don't know how I feel, but
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: I'd like to think that I would be more generous
SPEAKER_R: I would like to, likewise, I would like to think that I would be definitely because I kind of think once you reach a certain point you've got so many houses in so many cars, what else do you do with the money? You know,
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: there's,
SPEAKER_L: kind of room now you too like
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of like just
SPEAKER_L: you know
SPEAKER_R: to keep score.
SPEAKER_L: even if he wanted to, you know that's just what's the point of that? Right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it doesn't make much sense. So are you are you in school or you um
SPEAKER_L: No, I just got I got out here with the idea that I'd kind of like that was my idea was to go to a S. U. For speech pathology.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Oh nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But because I used to teach in new york, I was a kindergarten teacher so I've been trying wanting to get out of that for some time now, you know just kind of burned out and was looking into speech pathology. But then with all this time to think I was like do I really want to go back to school? So now I'm just working in the meantime while I make I make sure I know what it what it is I really want to do before I go making a big commitment like that. Um It's still interests me but then I started thinking about so many other things that would interest me that maybe wouldn't be like having to pay for grad school and then grad school in itself is just was just one of the most already got my masters for my teaching degree and that was just about the most stressful time I've ever had, you know, so I just want to make sure for now I'm just working and um learning how to drive because I never had to drive.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Have you lived in the city you never really had to because you can walk or take public transportation everywhere? That's oh how fun though. Are you learning on an automatic or on a stick?
SPEAKER_L: On and I don't I don't know, I don't know if I know the difference to be honest. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You would know if you had because the six shift is where you have to manually change the years. Um And I don't think they make a lot of them anymore. Um But yeah that I learned how to drive on a stick and it was a lot of looking back it was fun but in the moment it wasn't it was very stressful but just learning how to do making sure watch all the other drivers and know what the rules are and then passing the test. Um That was stressful enough without having to change the gears yourself. Do they still make you learn how to parallel park to take the test? Oh
SPEAKER_L: You know in new york do um here, I think my cousin said they do and then um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but I don't know that I'll be doing a lot of parallel parking around here like that, don't see that much of that. Um But so far I've been good like I've always thought I'd be a really good driver for some reason, Like I think I think it will go well. Um I might even pass the first road test. Who knows? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah there's no reason why you shouldn't especially if you've been practicing um Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: you you got yourself through a master's program you're driving will be a piece of cake.
SPEAKER_L: It's hope.
SPEAKER_R: That's I mean master's program that any of any of them that I've ever heard I didn't get that far but any people that I've talked to that have gone through it. It is so grueling and intense and like the work itself is hard but then like trying to manage your life in addition to all of that is hard. All
SPEAKER_L: was off
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: these.
SPEAKER_R: you did that you can do anything you put your mind to really? Quite literally. That's awesome
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: heart.
SPEAKER_L: So how did you hear about this
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: website
SPEAKER_R: is um I'm on Reddit I don't know if you know um I'm on a few of the
SPEAKER_L: Too bad actually. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I was working for some, just some ways to pick up a little bit of money and they have like three or four different websites that talk about it and this was one that they talked about being um very reliable and and like not screwing you over over getting paid and I've because there are some horror stories out there, people doing all kinds of work and doing those um what do they call them, the gig tasks and then they don't get paid or they get paid like a month and a half or two months later
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: and that's like that's not what people are in this for.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've heard about it in the same way I think. Yeah, I'm pretty sure I did and then I've always kind of had the account but I never used it and then recently I just every every time I'm really not doing anything I just pull it up and do a few of the studies and stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's what I've been
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: doing too, I just kinda kind of keep it on the back burner and if I'm playing around on the computer too much then I just opened it up and I feel a little bit productive.
SPEAKER_L: It's like those feelings, moods. I'm just swiping through
SPEAKER_R: crap.
SPEAKER_L: feeds. It's the same as like taking a few moments and then it's kind of cool that they pay you in pounds because it's like a little more than it seems.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yes and it's it's depending on what the exchange rate is on the day, you might get like a center two more which is always like a little exciting,
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's too I didn't even think about that.
SPEAKER_R: Of course I have. I've had it go the other way where I did the math based on what they said the exchange rate was and then it changed and it was a little lower but I'm you know, again it's just a few pennies so it's not that big of a deal but it's it is exciting to get paid in the pound in pounds. Um Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: the whole concept of doing the money exchanging is it reminds me of vacations.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Thank you when the last vacation you
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: got to take before this this all happened. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we went camping this summer before um and right now that feels like forever ago because
SPEAKER_L: Boom.
SPEAKER_R: it's. Yeah so. Yeah. Yeah but I like to go camping and spend a lot of time outdoors.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: And uh have you been camping since you do you go camping
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: too?
SPEAKER_L: went more in the like in new york like during the summer not this summer but late summer like it's a nice time, august september um And I was doing a lot of can't be like in Connecticut there's nice spots like up to upstate new york but you have to watch out for like the ticks I actually don't mind. It won't last year. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: goodness.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's the
SPEAKER_R: Oh my goodness, that's scary.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. It was pretty.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I've heard the big problem there is really bad. Um We have them here not quite as much um People don't have to worry quite as much but you still have to keep an eye on your pets and make sure particularly if you go out and in kind of places with long grass. Um Whereas I think in new york it's there like everywhere like in the woods and in the grass and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: everything. What's up,
SPEAKER_L: I had a friend of learning with she was like in the city just she lives in Queens and she was doing she was cleaning or vacuuming and had all the windows open and she thinks her doctor said that she thinks that's how she got it because that same day she found the tick on her leg and it's not like she out to the woods or even to Long Island or anything like that. So I feel like maybe the raccoons in new york have had the text now. That's what I think
SPEAKER_R: that I think you're probably right and there's a lot of people don't think of cities as being like full of wildlife but it's surprising
SPEAKER_L: then.
SPEAKER_R: like the raccoons and the possums and the rats. Um what else have I seen? Coyotes? Um Like in san Francisco they have a problem with not really a big problem, but there's particularly with the pandemic with everything to be so quiet, a lot of the wildlife is coming back out so they're seeing coyotes in the streets and they're seeing the possums and the raccoons and of course it once and the squirrels and yeah and you're right, any of those could carry a tick. God it's kind of scary. She was in her own house and
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: just with the windows open.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So that's why I didn't even get diagnosed. I was lucky I got diagnosed almost right away because I knew I'd been in that area where like people get it, but she went like a good three months just like wondering what was wrong. Like she just it's like you just know something's wrong but it's not that bad but you're like something's just not right, like something's just not right. You feel like foggy. I was like calling people different names or like, you know, I was studying some of the prerequisites for my courses and I was like, I could swear that every time I read something, it's not even registering. So it was a lot of those things, but it was only when like my legs and my joints started hurting real bad that I went to the doctor. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that sounds terrifying because you don't really know, I mean that could be so many awful
SPEAKER_L: In
SPEAKER_R: things,
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: case,
SPEAKER_R: mean Lyme disease is pretty awful too, but at least you know it's recoverable and you can get over it but that would be terrifying if your leg started hurting and you didn't know and you were like feeling slow, at least you kind of knew you had been out. Oh, your friend must have been terrified.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, She not rough a bit. And then like mentally when she got the treatment that she got on the antibiotics
SPEAKER_R: Stop.
SPEAKER_L: um was when she realized that they were right, she had Lyme disease because at first she was like, how is that even possible? But she did find the tick and she had like the little ring around the bite and everything. So we know it was
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: a tick. So just weird.
SPEAKER_R: that's very weird. I've had to take him off of our dogs and I can't, I don't even want to think about having to take one off of myself. That's so scary. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: how is, what are you guys doing for thanksgiving?
SPEAKER_R: Really? We're going to be very, very quiet. We're not gonna see anybody here. Um We're very much um why I mentioned my mom is really vulnerable and I probably am too for a variety of reasons, but um it's just we want, we figure it's better to be safe than sorry and not um not either. I don't think we have it to spread it but not catch, so we don't want to contribute in any way to any of that.
SPEAKER_L: that's probably,
SPEAKER_R: Um, So we're going to be quiet are you? But you're you're with your family there in Arizona. So you'll probably see some some of your family. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: most of us have been keeping to ourselves for the most part. Um I'm actually not a big on thanksgiving just because I was like uh you know, my family is like mexican and I when we first came here, it was like not really something we celebrated. So we didn't grow up really doing that. It seems like they do it out here like over in new york. We never did anything, but like it seems like they celebrated here. Um so, so it's kind of weird because it's like that latin latino culture is kind of rude. Like to not go to the family events, but you know, I kind of don't want to, but I don't want to ward I.
SPEAKER_R: No. And you don't want people. Yes. But if you, I mean at least the weather there is good enough that you can probably do a lot of stuff outside and if you wear your mask and wash your hands that you should be fine. Um, Sometimes there's things you just can't avoid. So you just have to do the best you can and get through it. Um, but it's it's very scary. Um, and this, the whole asymptomatic carrier thing scares me because it's, you could have it and not even know it and be spreading it around. Um, So that's, but hopefully this vaccine, I've heard that there's two different ones. So I am so
SPEAKER_L: that takes
SPEAKER_R: I want I'm really glad to hear it and I'm so hopeful that they're not like like trying to get our hopes up. You know that it actually does work and they actually are going to start distributing it. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: fingers crossed because this is going on and gone on way too long.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's true. I don't want to believe it is everything
SPEAKER_R: that they were
SPEAKER_L: that sounds like too good to be true but um there's bound to be an end at some point you know So maybe this is it. I hope so
SPEAKER_R: I hope so. Oh I can't tell you how much. I hope so. God. It's just yeah it's but even going to get the vaccine will be scary because from what I've heard there, you have to go once and then two weeks later you go back and get the second one. But in that two weeks if you if you were exposed and get it then you're not because you're not safe until after like a week after the second one. Oh I'm what I'm hoping is that people listen when the doctors tell you what to do and don't go running or l I've got the shot and go running around partying and whatever and then they spread it even further because they aren't they aren't complete they're not safe yet. So we just hope
SPEAKER_L: I've noticed that it's a there's a very clear divide between people who are like gonna be cautious and people who are just not going to even care whatsoever. I just think some people are just like that. Um And it sadly it's turned into like a political thing. Um Which one you do or don't do but it's just you know.
SPEAKER_R: and that's I think what bothers me the most is like we're supposed supposed to be this great country and supposed to be so smart and supposed to be all this you know blah blah. But the way that I mean nobody is not I shouldn't say nobody. A lot of people aren't listening to the scientists who went to school and studied and devote their life to learning how all this stuff works. They're the experts but we're not listening to the experts because of politics it just seems so short sighted.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Um And and the thing I think that bothers me the most is the people that say, oh, it's not real or oh, I'm not wearing a mask or oh, you know my rights, you can't make me wear a mask. They're not necessarily the ones who are going to die from it. They're going to take it home to their grandmother or their aunt or some of the poor cashier who doesn't have a choice about going to work because they are essential. Um, and they're gonna make somebody else sick who could die. I think the selfish knit that and the political, I mean, not listening to the experts because some politician tells you not to just seem so it's against your own best.
SPEAKER_L: Where?
SPEAKER_R: You know what? I'm not explaining myself, right? But yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it's totally agree. It's very strange. I don't understand it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't either. It's and I just, I kind of hope that we can all kind of get over it and at least I'll agree to try and, you know, I don't know, most people don't want to be helpful to other well, I don't know, but most I just hope we can all kind of get back pointed in the same direction again, where we're kind of we're all working for a common goal of making it a better place to live and and taking care of everybody who needs to, you know, instead of this whole me and you and we're all separate and I just I don't like any of that. I think it's not productive and it doesn't really solve any problems.
SPEAKER_L: Yes it can let me see. It was nice chatting with you. It looks like we've done our time to
SPEAKER_R: we have
SPEAKER_L: what matters.
SPEAKER_R: likewise not a it was a real pleasure to meet you and good luck. And I hope you find a path that you want to take
SPEAKER_L: Only
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: one.
SPEAKER_R: uh and get but just, you know, keep in mind you have done more than most already and what you whatever you put your mind to you can do because you've already been through the hardest stuff that you're you're going to have, the worst it can be is just as hard. So, you know, and you did it. So, I think that's great. Good for you.
SPEAKER_L: thank you so much.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Thank you, dude. Happy thanks. Take care.