right, yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm Mhm Okay, mm. Oh yeah, yeah, No. Mhm. Uh huh, mm Okay. Mhm Cool. Oh yes, Okay, Yeah. Okay,
good.
Um My name is marty,
Yeah, not even
cripple,
alright. Tracy. Nice to meet you.
how is your day so far? How is your day?
I'm kind of on the west coast, I'm in Arizona.
So nice. What, sleeping with, if you don't mind me asking what city?
Oh my God, I've always heard it's like gorgeous out there. How long have you been?
I've been,
I'm
in phoenix. Yeah,
it seems I just moved out here actually next month
somewhat, I mean I grew, I it's kind of a weird story, I grew up between New York and Phoenix up until I was about 10 and then we moved out there permanently and I I was living in new york right up until october basically and
I have family here, so I've always kind of visited, I've always kind of wondered like well what would it be like if I moved out there? Um So I just did it this year. Yeah,
and
yeah, I mean it gets insanely hot here. Um I'm just gonna see if I can manage and you know, I'm kind of flexible now as far as like where I could live, but so I suppose if the summers weren't that great, I could try to spend some months in new york or or in a different place that wasn't as hot, that's what I want. Does she's worked at the school, so she spends the summer in Mexico?
And
yeah, I was I was living means one of the girls. Mhm.
but I've been living there for 20 years and I just kind of I guess like after the whole pandemic happened with the lockdown being so strict there and not only that, it was like the riots, the curfews, things like that, and that's just kind of sealed the deal for me, I was like I'm just getting out of here, I don't I'd always kind of been like not not loving it I guess for the past couple of years and I just, Honey
yeah, that's exactly right. Um So yeah, mm
yep,
I'm lucky in that way, I know a lot of people want to um a lot of people did leave if they could leave and then some people are just um you know they like it there and they want to stay in their their new Yorkers or what have you um Some people don't have the means to just kind of pick up and leave.
that's true. Both lost their job like they want some of this year.
what do you do out there, do you? Mhm.
So many people
now
online,
groceries, everything.
exactly. It's kind of creepy though how big they've gotten, you know like I heard that he's like what a trillionaire or
something like them.
that's
perfect, Nobody needs that
rich, you know I guess he won't happen along with them.
Yeah.
Yeah I guess I
don't know because I want I don't have it for the money, I don't know how I feel, but
I'd like to think that I would be more generous
as
kind of room now you too like
you know
even if he wanted to, you know that's just what's the point of that? Right?
No, I just got I got out here with the idea that I'd kind of like that was my idea was to go to a S. U. For speech pathology.
Yeah. But because I used to teach in new york, I was a kindergarten teacher so I've been trying wanting to get out of that for some time now, you know just kind of burned out and was looking into speech pathology. But then with all this time to think I was like do I really want to go back to school? So now I'm just working in the meantime while I make I make sure I know what it what it is I really want to do before I go making a big commitment like that. Um It's still interests me but then I started thinking about so many other things that would interest me that maybe wouldn't be like having to pay for grad school and then grad school in itself is just was just one of the most already got my masters for my teaching degree and that was just about the most stressful time I've ever had, you know, so I just want to make sure for now I'm just working and um learning how to drive because I never had to drive.
On and I don't I don't know, I don't know if I know the difference to be honest. Yeah.
You know in new york do um here, I think my cousin said they do and then um
but I don't know that I'll be doing a lot of parallel parking around here like that, don't see that much of that. Um But so far I've been good like I've always thought I'd be a really good driver for some reason, Like I think I think it will go well. Um I might even pass the first road test. Who knows? Okay.
Mhm.
It's hope.
was off
these.
Thank you.
So how did you hear about this
website
Too bad actually. Yeah.
It
Yeah, I've heard about it in the same way I think. Yeah, I'm pretty sure I did and then I've always kind of had the account but I never used it and then recently I just every every time I'm really not doing anything I just pull it up and do a few of the studies and stuff. Yeah.
Well.
It's like those feelings, moods. I'm just swiping through
feeds. It's the same as like taking a few moments and then it's kind of cool that they pay you in pounds because it's like a little more than it seems.
Oh that's too I didn't even think about that.
The
Yeah. Thank you when the last vacation you
got to take before this this all happened. Yeah.
Boom.
Hello?
I
went more in the like in new york like during the summer not this summer but late summer like it's a nice time, august september um And I was doing a lot of can't be like in Connecticut there's nice spots like up to upstate new york but you have to watch out for like the ticks I actually don't mind. It won't last year. Yeah.
Yeah that's the
Mhm. It was pretty.
I
I had a friend of learning with she was like in the city just she lives in Queens and she was doing she was cleaning or vacuuming and had all the windows open and she thinks her doctor said that she thinks that's how she got it because that same day she found the tick on her leg and it's not like she out to the woods or even to Long Island or anything like that. So I feel like maybe the raccoons in new york have had the text now. That's what I think
then.
Like
what?
Yeah. So that's why I didn't even get diagnosed. I was lucky I got diagnosed almost right away because I knew I'd been in that area where like people get it, but she went like a good three months just like wondering what was wrong. Like she just it's like you just know something's wrong but it's not that bad but you're like something's just not right, like something's just not right. You feel like foggy. I was like calling people different names or like, you know, I was studying some of the prerequisites for my courses and I was like, I could swear that every time I read something, it's not even registering. So it was a lot of those things, but it was only when like my legs and my joints started hurting real bad that I went to the doctor. Yeah.
In
that
case,
Yeah, She not rough a bit. And then like mentally when she got the treatment that she got on the antibiotics
um was when she realized that they were right, she had Lyme disease because at first she was like, how is that even possible? But she did find the tick and she had like the little ring around the bite and everything. So we know it was
a tick. So just weird.
how is, what are you guys doing for thanksgiving?
that's probably,
most of us have been keeping to ourselves for the most part. Um I'm actually not a big on thanksgiving just because I was like uh you know, my family is like mexican and I when we first came here, it was like not really something we celebrated. So we didn't grow up really doing that. It seems like they do it out here like over in new york. We never did anything, but like it seems like they celebrated here. Um so, so it's kind of weird because it's like that latin latino culture is kind of rude. Like to not go to the family events, but you know, I kind of don't want to, but I don't want to ward I.
that takes
Mhm.
Yeah, it's true. I don't want to believe it is everything
that sounds like too good to be true but um there's bound to be an end at some point you know So maybe this is it. I hope so
I've noticed that it's a there's a very clear divide between people who are like gonna be cautious and people who are just not going to even care whatsoever. I just think some people are just like that. Um And it sadly it's turned into like a political thing. Um Which one you do or don't do but it's just you know.
What?
Where?
it's totally agree. It's very strange. I don't understand it. Yeah.
Yes it can let me see. It was nice chatting with you. It looks like we've done our time to
what matters.
Only
one.
thank you so much.