SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I will. Thank you. Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, can you hear me well?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, I can, I just heard that volume go up of it. Thank you. Yeah. Alright, how are you today?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing well. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm well to thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Do you go ahead?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I was I was just going to say that this is a first for me. I only started using prolific like a little less than a month ago. So this is the first time that um I'm using it for a video.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: So this is new. Yeah, this is
SPEAKER_L: it's a little
SPEAKER_R: new experience.
SPEAKER_L: new for me too. I mean I've been with prolific. I'm trying to think. I think since like earlier this year. Um, I really enjoyed there's a lot of really interesting studies I think that you know that they have, but this is my first time doing one of the um live conversation. Like, you know the partner conversations. So, so I need to it too. So
SPEAKER_R: that same. The same here. Uh The conversation live is new. Um Yeah, I mean I'm surprised I heard of prolific dreaded uh you know that um online social media thing that's called Reddit. And so that's how I learned about it. And then when I signed up, I thought it would be more along the lines of just doing surveys and things. But it's not quite like that. I mean it's a lot of studies. It's not so much service, but it studies and there's not ones that I um past seen before, so I like it. It's interesting. Yeah, like you said um what they have is a lot of interesting stuff. They don't come up very often, but they're interesting.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Do you have the Oh, I don't know if there was an echo, but do you have the what you call like the extension, like the extension on your browser? Okay. Yeah. I didn't know about that at first. And then I read about it and like because otherwise they go so quickly. I think sometimes when they do come up like you get sometimes I see like one or two spaces remaining or you know, something like that. There's not a lot of space is so but it's interesting like I'm I do some surveys for other sites and those are more standard. Like you know, what kind of tv streaming services do you listen to? You know like questions like that like again and again. But like one thing I like about prolific is that everything is different like, you know, it's actually like helping the university researchers, which is interesting. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And you know where you're coming from, they always introduce themselves, which is nice and you know what you're doing um and what is for, so Uh
SPEAKER_L: think that's true. So yeah, I found out about it like I heard about it too from like one from Reddit actually. So just reading about like just different different things you can do. So. So it's interesting. I think maybe now that people are tending to be home a little bit more to, I think maybe there was like more users on it or something. So, but so do you have to have plans for this weekend or anything so? Right so
SPEAKER_R: Um
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: The weather is nice today. I'm actually hoping that go out later to just go on a wall because it's all it's full and the leaves are just turning, I think they're almost at their peak right now. Um color is changing. So
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: I want to do that before it really gets to cool. I don't do very well in the cold, so yeah, I think it's going to rain this weekend, so I probably, yeah, probably I'll stay in uh reading surfing doing
SPEAKER_L: least
SPEAKER_R: prolific
SPEAKER_L: relaxing.
SPEAKER_R: things.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. Hopefully so yeah it's nice here too. It's like it gets really cold where I am in the winter so and I don't like the like really extreme cold either but it's nice now like in the I don't know 60s or so so or 50s and the leaves are changing so there's a lot
SPEAKER_R: I'm in
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: michigan,
SPEAKER_L: you can get out there. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: it's like, I think it's 55 right now, we would be more than that because the sun is out, so it's always like, yeah, it's nice, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in new york but like upstate like western new york area so it's it's nice so I like it at least I think it's gonna be a little harder when you know when it gets colder and there's
SPEAKER_R: All right,
SPEAKER_L: bit less to do in the in the winter. But at least now it's like it's women like you don't have to use sunscreen, you know, you can go outside and enjoy things, but it's not like so cold, you know, so it's nice to just sort
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: of get out and do something. So not not as much as we used to, you know what the way things are, But there's um a lot of like we've been streaming more with family and you know, like the video calls, do you use Doom and or like
SPEAKER_R: I use
SPEAKER_L: those kinds
SPEAKER_R: I use
SPEAKER_L: of things?
SPEAKER_R: a lot of um I use a lot of WhatsApp um for communicating with family um and also um face time. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mostly though it's still a lot of texting, but we're, my family is not the type of like videos that often. We don't use video that much, so yeah, but um yeah, Irene I'm still studying, so everything all my classes are online, so that's that's I've taken online classes before, but it's just something about it this time around. Um Maybe it's just me because I haven't been out very much um uh My area is actually one that's seeing a slight uptick in cases, so I haven't been going up that much, but it might be just me, but I feel like people are just a little bit more on edge. Uh and it comes across, it's surprising it comes across um even like we meet up presuming everything, like I'm I do some work for the college newspaper, so we do a lot of zoom meetings and I can just, it's not the same at all, it's not the same as being like at the college, being in the same room with all the other students and the advisor and just being able to talk and I can just tell that tempers are frayed a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: I think that's true. I um well my kids are in um are doing like all virtual, so they're like ones in middle school and one in high school. But um it's hard, I think it's like hard, probably even more so, I don't know, I mean think it's hard on all like faculty and teachers and everything, but like they have I think the teachers didn't really have a lot of time to get a lot of training in terms of like how to do things technology and some are technologically and some are really comfortable with it but others aren't and I feel like there be like some of the kids are going like live and then some are streaming into the classes so they're kind of like having to manage everything you know at the same time. And it's just like you say like I think in work and teaching but also like when you go out and like I've noticed I don't go out a lot but even though I'm just picking something up through like a drive through you know are going
SPEAKER_R: remember.
SPEAKER_L: to the grocery store or something, people are just like edgier you know like they're like not as friendly or they just want you to hurry up or I I don't know it's just hard I think I hope that things you know will get better. I was like joking with my husband, I took my kids
SPEAKER_R: But mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know a few weeks ago or something to get ice cream. They have this like ice cream special words like a dollar you go like only on Mondays like once a week, but like you know I order the ice cream and I stayed like they asked me like three times you want to count in a cup and I specified in a cup,
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: And then like I get there and they like up to the window and they said did you want this in a cone or cup? And I said uh because I was we were like picking it up and then we're going to bring it home So it would have been sort of hard to manage if they were on cones, you know? And I mean the person was like, like really impatient about it, like,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: like all right, I guess I have to redo all this or you know, put it like, but she was just so grouchy about it, you know? And like is that really that big of a, like just simple things like that? You know? I think people are just tired of like staying in and not being able to do, you know, like the things that they used to do and I just hope that that, you know, gets better somewhat. But I think it's it's hard. I think it's college, my my husband teaches um he's a professor and I mean he said he can't really see it like that. It's just I think that's really hard as a college student too because a lot of the, you know, like the things you do in college or expect to be able to do like in groups or dorms or whatever and I yeah, I think back to when I was in college just how much how different it must be now and like he said, he sees like my husband says it's just a lot of students are just having like a lot of worries and you know, it's just it's just tough for them because like you say like it's really different, I mean where he teaches like some classes are online and some aren't. So it's um it's kind of like a mix or students can choose to be online even if the classes like held in person. But um I don't know do you think that some people are more comfortable with technology like delivering it online and others in your
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: experience?
SPEAKER_R: think so, but well, I live really close to one of the bigger universities in the state. Um and they want to bring, well technology wise, some people are okay with like having all their classes online um and some might prefer it that way, but there's a trade off in that in certain classes that I'm hearing from, other students in certain classes. I think some of the more um some of the language classes and especially some of the math classes, the lecturers are signing them more work then there used to or that they expect to receive. I I heard a few stories about how students are spending up to like 40 hours on just one math class a week. and I'm like, what?
SPEAKER_L: my gosh,
SPEAKER_R: It's like, it's like, I think it's something like discrete math or something like that. But yeah, it's way more than they would have spent. I think in a normal semester, I I don't know if that's just because of the certain lectures they're getting who just have decided to pile more on to the students this semester, but that's what they're noticing. They're spending way more time on classes than they used to. Um And I think that that might be just unique to this particular university. I'm not sure if that's the case anywhere else. Um For me, it's a little less work life balance all of a sudden the work that the student paper I'm doing with their, like on at all hours of the day and night, so um I've had a little bit of trouble just adjusting to that, like, and I think that's um some of the other students maybe are. Um I think it's something you have to get used to. Uh not like setting boundaries, I guess, like we're not expecting, I'm not expecting to do work at two in the morning, just not gonna help you get something up the next day that I'm not gonna do that. Yeah. Yeah, I mean that's not I'm not saying that happens a lot, but it's happened once or twice a semester, so yeah, I guess that's just getting that balance there. This fall was the first time. Oh, so I'm, for my particular college, we are completely almost completely online. Only those classes labs are having that conducted on campus were not even allowed to be on campus uh in the building, if you go out to the building is locked, even not allowed to be there without permission from the vice president. So there they were like really straight. Um there were this college was the strictest, I think when it came to the lockdown in March, um and things have opened up again in michigan for the most part, especially now that the governors executive powers will be drawn. Um So so we're just kind of expecting to see more of a rise, especially with football coming back, but you're not going to have students in the stand, but they're still having football. So um and we know that the football players are lying when they say they've never tested positive. So yeah, I I know that because one of the other student writers interviewed some of the football players, and so she says she knows, Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh my Gods,
SPEAKER_R: so there's that you ask that your question originally, it was about the um whether they're used to technology and doing that more easily, but yeah, that's how it is right now. Uh Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's that's oh, I can hear, I think I'm echoing a little bit, but I think um that yeah, it's hard, I think with the work like balance, I think everybody knows that everyone's at home more and like, you know, they're not as busy doing their busy, but they're not as busy like doing outside things. So sometimes I think there's this expectation that like whenever they need you, you know, you'll be there, like you're saying about the newspaper, but that must be really hard and I mean, I'm sure God.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was just trying to gently tell them like you need a balance here, so um it's not everybody I'm, most of the other students understand, it's just like this, particularly one or two who are themselves, I think under stress and so there pouring all their energy into doing what you're doing and they're not realizing that like, slightly inconvenience, I just, but I think that it's just something like they, you'll learn. Uh Yeah, so yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: absolute
SPEAKER_L: that's hard, I
SPEAKER_R: party.
SPEAKER_L: think it's just and then it's sort of like hard to know when things might go more back to normal, you know, I mean maybe like sometime in the spring, but maybe not like I think that's one of the hardest things about it. It's like this uncertainty like, you know, you can't go to campus now, but like if you knew that like two months from now everything would be fine. It might be easy. Do you think like it might be easier to kind of a little bit easier. Not not totally, but like just this sort of vague, you know, like it's like just so open ended I think and it's just sort of like I'm going to end, you know? So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's it's weird because it's a lot of doom and gloom from the college students, they everyone's kind of expecting that uh thanks to get well even before fall started that we will kind of warned like in the news and everything that to expect a rough fall and winter. So we kind of knew it even before going in, that it would get a little worse and it did. Um, almost immediately once the campus opened up, the case is just, well, they have what they call covid dormitory cereal. Um, very quarantine the students, but yeah. Um, yeah, so if we had, let almost like if they keep miraculously came up with the vaccine that I could actually distribute to everyone next year, that would be nice. But realistically, I think a lot of students are just making the, they're probably deciding right now whether you want to come back in the winter or if they want to do first, I
SPEAKER_L: Bring
SPEAKER_R: think.
SPEAKER_L: it. Yeah. I think a lot of people are different now. You said are the dorms closed to, you said you can't be on campus or you can beyond the door in the dorms or
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: not?
SPEAKER_R: I'm really close to the University of michigan. Uh, I don't go there. My college is a a little distance away from the university of michigan and we my college in particular is like we're not allowed on campus or certain parts but you have members different. Um. Um They bring their brought things back. Um Pretty much as much as they could, students have that option and do online work. Um There are places, but if you're not a student, an actual student you can't go into certain parts of the U. Of M. Campus, but it's a lot of things have opened up. Um And one of the bars in downtown is going to open up again, I don't know how that's gonna work, like they say they're opening up but I think there might be enough pushback that they change them, I'm not sure yet, you just heard that like a couple of days ago. So um Yeah that's what it's kind of like now the students are have returned to the dormitories during the fall, like um at the o bam the ones who had already paid their lodging fees and we're not willing to how to place, they couldn't get refunds I guess. I mean you could, some of them, but I think that was the point where they passed and they couldn't get refunds and so they had to make the decision to do everything remote or to actually come to the university and then take classes, so yeah, yeah, the cases here are still manageable. Um But yeah, we'll see.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think we're kind of in that wait and see to like a lot of reopen like restaurants have reopened but there are 50%. It seems like a lot of people are going though, like I do more like take out, you know? But like when I go and it's like a Saturday night, it does seem like there's a fair number but it's like this balance for like, especially small businesses, you know, and like like movie theaters, I think they announced nationwide that regal like in the US and UK is they're stopping operations like you know temporarily for the foreseeable future, not just because people don't want to come but because there's not a lot of new movies being released with like all these things that we sort of used to take for granted that you could just like the stress especially especially probably in college, you know
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: like after big exam or something and do or like not available. So I think that that that can be tricky and it's like this balance, you know like our governor is saying like we might need to shut down again or he shut down some some schools have shifted online like more like in the new york city area. Like they
SPEAKER_R: actually I'm sorry, I actually did have to um I actually did have to go to new york and august, I think it was the third week of august or was it, I had to go to new york, so I was only there for a day, but um and I it was my first time in new york, so um it was pretty crowded, but when the people I was with who were more familiar with it said that there was nowhere compared to what it would have been pre covid and yeah and they were there was some talk that they were worried about how new york as a city would affair after all this um as as time goes on because there um just because of the number of businesses that have moved their staff out of the offices in new york. Um And yeah because I think it was you know, mostly service based and so they moved all the with that moving the staff out. Yeah, so um Uh huh the the the impression I got was that the city was badly impacted and um no one was sure when it will be able to recover the longer this goes on, so Yeah, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: it's interesting. I'm glad that I'm not in like certain industries I think would be really hard to
SPEAKER_R: Eddie
SPEAKER_L: like restaurants, you know like that would be like I admire anyone who's in that industry, you know trying to make it work. But I think that would be really tough. So it's just it
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: will be interesting to see, you know how it goes and it can't last forever. But I hope that like for college students like yourself or like high school students like you know that just a lot of the experiences that you know like you want to have in college like that those can um come back and you know I think they're trying to do like it's just like a hard balance I think like I've heard of some colleges where like they want people to say in the dorms probably because they want the money from it like a lot of the time because that's like a big money driver for them and then they want them to still have their meal plans probably again because of like the money. But like I think it was Gettysburg in pennsylvania and I think this is only for like a couple weeks when they had an outbreak but they actually would not like the only reason like they would let students leave the dorm room is like go down to the bathroom
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: so I take a shower in the bathroom, um, to go to the dining hall to get take out like some kind of box of food to bring back or to go get a covid test. And like other
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: than that, you weren't allowed to eat them. Like leave your dorm. And that's just really yeah, that's like, I mean just because storms aren't really that big either and like hopefully you get along well with your roommate or whatever, but
SPEAKER_R: With
SPEAKER_L: you know, it's just it's just a sign of, you know, the times I guess of how of how it can be. But I just like my husband just like he, you know, like, I mean he teaches and and works with a lot of students and he just feels bad for, you know, the college students because he's like, I can just, you know, see it in them that it's, you know, and he asked them how they're doing and everything and it's just it's just different for them. He said he's surprised that, I mean I guess it's probably a good thing, but he's surprised like more students have chosen to do remote rather than like who could like even though certain classes are online, like he's surprised um that like more have just chosen to say, I'm just, you know, going to do it remotely in camera and and and
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: everything I guess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think it also might be because they want
SPEAKER_L: Wait.
SPEAKER_R: to finish on time. I think the people who do the students who decide to continue and ones who really want to finish on time are concerned that if they take that gap um semester or year as the case may be um that they will have a harder time coming back or that they will fall behind. I think that's the main reason. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think that's true. I mean he said like to like the like even if like a classes in person and they could choose to like come in person all the time, a lot of them are choosing to at least a lot of the time, like, you know, do it remote from from their dorm room or something like that. And I mean, I guess in a way that reduces the risk for, you know, for everyone. But I mean, I think he said that like by and large, like most of the students have been, you know, really responsible and everything. Like, I think sometimes there's a perception in the news that like certain groups of students who go out and party off campus or whatever. Like I think some people stereotype wrongfully, you know, and say like,
SPEAKER_R: Which is
SPEAKER_L: well all the students are going and it's just like this,
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: you know, a small group that sort of, you know, makes everyone say we'll call the college, students are going
SPEAKER_R: come on.
SPEAKER_L: to go out and party. But it's just amazing because it's like, you know, just a small group, like that's all really takes, you know like to start something. So I mean I've heard of like just I heard of a case that not where my husband works but another case where um like a relatively small college but they had some kind of gathering and there were um I think they were like using most of the precautions but they were eating you know like it was something where they were eating and I guess they were like less than six ft apart and you know there were like a fair number who caught it and then they had to like you know almost shut down for a couple of weeks just to you know make sure they were really good about quarantining and everything. But I don't know, I never could have quite imagine that you know we would be in something like this. But I just hope that by next year that things get you know maybe by the summer at least
SPEAKER_R: remember.
SPEAKER_L: so that things get like a little
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: better like with my kids schools there um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: They have, well if they were in person they'd only go two days a week.
SPEAKER_R: For me
SPEAKER_L: It's called like a hybrid. Or they can choose to go all remote and they're doing all my kids are doing all remote. But um you know I think they're really trying to like open things up as much as they can. Like they said at first like all activities in the middle school are going to be virtual like on the computer but now they're saying like well we're gonna have we're gonna do a bunch of them in person, you know and it's like it's like this balance because I feel like well that's good for the kids I guess. Like it's good to, you know, even though my kids are virtual, like I still encourage them to say like go out for a bike ride or you know something like socially distance with your friends because it's hard you need that social interaction. But then at the same time like what's too much like there was a big debate about sports like whether to do sports, I think they opened it up to lower sports at the high school level but they're not doing doing like intramurals or something in middle school, but like you're saying like with the football you know like and how do you know like like you're saying some people like have it and you know don't admit it or anything like that so it's just um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, I hope that that I hope that gets better and like you say like the work life balance sort of pushing
SPEAKER_R: Some of my
SPEAKER_L: back of a girl.
SPEAKER_R: you know some of my relatives uh they have their daughter um Who's I think like nine, So they're having they decided to send him back to school, but it's a school with I think only 50% capacity. I mean they're keeping like students like students in each class then and how do I put it? Like I think they waited and decided that that would be the best way to go for her because they didn't want her not to be able to interact with students her age which was really important. And that part of um during that stage in your life, when you need that interaction and just to be able to grow as a person eventually. So yeah, so the risk I guess they waited and found and decided that it would be better and I actually agree. Um, I just because my fingers and really hope that the school is doing your pastor. Bye. Take care like with the kids and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: I think so. I mean, I think I've been surprised that the cases in schools have been relatively like there have been cases, but I mean there were like some friends of mine who were like, like one of my friends is friends with someone, another parent who's a nurse and this nurse was like uh you know parent, one of the students, it's just like within two weeks of opening, they're going to be shut down again. Like that was her prediction, you know, And it seemed like like that's probably likely the case, but They've been open like five or 6 weeks now and you know, it's like they've had, you know, some cases here and there, but nothing like major, so some of it, I think it's just getting a control
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: and like what are the best procedures and how do you balance, how do you best mitigate things because we can't go on like this for forever right? Like even once there's a vaccine or you know whatever like it just seems like not everyone will gather them. It's still going to be with us. I think to stomach sent like the point was reached out which the risk is like zero is probably really far off. So it's, it's just, it's challenging. But I hope that it gets better and I don't know, I wonder like when things do go back to normal more people will appreciate certain things more, you know, like just to like, like just you know, my kids and I used to go bowling like they had passes where he could go like three games a day with shoes like any time the whole summer it was really cheap. You about like he paid like one for one pass and you know where they would go with their friends and things like that. And I just look forward to the time that we can do that. I keep saying it's not going to be forever. You know what we could do that kind of like on a regular basis to just sort of help them, you know, hang in there to try to think of new things that we can do that are safe, you know, to try to keep their spirits up as much as possible. So Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's, that sounds so much my, and now I feel nostalgic
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's true. Yeah. But
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: I hope
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: crossing. Yeah, I'm
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: crossing
SPEAKER_L: what was
SPEAKER_R: my fingers. Oh, I'm crossing
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: my fingers hoping that, um, that a cheap white spread vaccine will be, hopefully by fall next year. I'm just trying to, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I think it will, I mean it sounds
SPEAKER_R: the police
SPEAKER_L: like maybe summer for most people like, you know, first they'll target
SPEAKER_R: that,
SPEAKER_L: like first responders and doctors and things like that. But like for sort of the general public. I hope so and I think things will get gradually better, but it's just, you know, it's kind of like one step at a time, I think I try not to focus too far ahead and I try to know focus on, but it's it's tough and I think it's especially tough for like college students like yourself and for kids, you know that um you know, because it's just school or college is sort of a big part of you know who you are and everything and I hope that some of those activities can come back like safely, you know, that things can be more normal, awful.
SPEAKER_R: Well, one thing I've learned is how to use a green screen, how
SPEAKER_L: How to do once then.
SPEAKER_R: to use a green screen. Do you have that background? So yeah. Um, yeah. So, well that's a trade off. I'm learning things that I wouldn't have if this hadn't happened um Yeah so there's always the bright side, that's what I've realized that it helps to just keep positive all the time. That really helps me.
SPEAKER_L: I think that's true. I think that the schools, the principles always say like this is going to build so much resiliency, you know, in in our youth and I'm like I mean I think it will in the end but it's a painful, you know people to get their I think but but I think that you know it um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: it will in the end it's just uh you know make people more patient flexible hopefully in the end, so mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yeah
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, but I guess um yeah, so I think we've talked for yeah for a while, but yeah, so this was this was nice, this was it was I didn't know, you know, I don't know exactly what to expect, but it was really nice talking with you and I hope
SPEAKER_R: it was nice
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: to talk to you too, my name is verna I had never, I forgot to introduce myself, my name is Burn, I was
SPEAKER_L: I'm Andrea so nice to nice to meet you and I hope
SPEAKER_R: into
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: Israel
SPEAKER_L: everything um you know works out and things get a little better with the work life balance and everything.
SPEAKER_R: as well I hope that you and your family stay safe and healthy during this time and happy and positive and hopefully everything comes together like and next year you'll be able to go out bowling
SPEAKER_L: Two
SPEAKER_R: again.
SPEAKER_L: right? Absolutely. So you to hang in there with everything
SPEAKER_R: Yeah you as well thank you so much for me.
SPEAKER_L: you too. Okay bye.
SPEAKER_R: take care, bye
SPEAKER_L: Okay take care. Thanks