Hello?
I will. Thank you. Can you hear me?
Yeah, yeah, I can, I just heard that volume go up of it. Thank you. Yeah. Alright, how are you today?
I'm well to thank you.
Oh, I was I was just going to say that this is a first for me. I only started using prolific like a little less than a month ago. So this is the first time that um I'm using it for a video.
So this is new. Yeah, this is
new experience.
that same. The same here. Uh The conversation live is new. Um Yeah, I mean I'm surprised I heard of prolific dreaded uh you know that um online social media thing that's called Reddit. And so that's how I learned about it. And then when I signed up, I thought it would be more along the lines of just doing surveys and things. But it's not quite like that. I mean it's a lot of studies. It's not so much service, but it studies and there's not ones that I um past seen before, so I like it. It's interesting. Yeah, like you said um what they have is a lot of interesting stuff. They don't come up very often, but they're interesting.
Yeah. And you know where you're coming from, they always introduce themselves, which is nice and you know what you're doing um and what is for, so Uh
Um
The weather is nice today. I'm actually hoping that go out later to just go on a wall because it's all it's full and the leaves are just turning, I think they're almost at their peak right now. Um color is changing. So
I want to do that before it really gets to cool. I don't do very well in the cold, so yeah, I think it's going to rain this weekend, so I probably, yeah, probably I'll stay in uh reading surfing doing
prolific
things.
I'm in
michigan,
it's like, I think it's 55 right now, we would be more than that because the sun is out, so it's always like, yeah, it's nice, yeah.
All right,
good.
I use
I use
a lot of um I use a lot of WhatsApp um for communicating with family um and also um face time. Um
mostly though it's still a lot of texting, but we're, my family is not the type of like videos that often. We don't use video that much, so yeah, but um yeah, Irene I'm still studying, so everything all my classes are online, so that's that's I've taken online classes before, but it's just something about it this time around. Um Maybe it's just me because I haven't been out very much um uh My area is actually one that's seeing a slight uptick in cases, so I haven't been going up that much, but it might be just me, but I feel like people are just a little bit more on edge. Uh and it comes across, it's surprising it comes across um even like we meet up presuming everything, like I'm I do some work for the college newspaper, so we do a lot of zoom meetings and I can just, it's not the same at all, it's not the same as being like at the college, being in the same room with all the other students and the advisor and just being able to talk and I can just tell that tempers are frayed a little bit.
remember.
But mhm.
of
you.
No.
I
think so, but well, I live really close to one of the bigger universities in the state. Um and they want to bring, well technology wise, some people are okay with like having all their classes online um and some might prefer it that way, but there's a trade off in that in certain classes that I'm hearing from, other students in certain classes. I think some of the more um some of the language classes and especially some of the math classes, the lecturers are signing them more work then there used to or that they expect to receive. I I heard a few stories about how students are spending up to like 40 hours on just one math class a week. and I'm like, what?
It's like, it's like, I think it's something like discrete math or something like that. But yeah, it's way more than they would have spent. I think in a normal semester, I I don't know if that's just because of the certain lectures they're getting who just have decided to pile more on to the students this semester, but that's what they're noticing. They're spending way more time on classes than they used to. Um And I think that that might be just unique to this particular university. I'm not sure if that's the case anywhere else. Um For me, it's a little less work life balance all of a sudden the work that the student paper I'm doing with their, like on at all hours of the day and night, so um I've had a little bit of trouble just adjusting to that, like, and I think that's um some of the other students maybe are. Um I think it's something you have to get used to. Uh not like setting boundaries, I guess, like we're not expecting, I'm not expecting to do work at two in the morning, just not gonna help you get something up the next day that I'm not gonna do that. Yeah. Yeah, I mean that's not I'm not saying that happens a lot, but it's happened once or twice a semester, so yeah, I guess that's just getting that balance there. This fall was the first time. Oh, so I'm, for my particular college, we are completely almost completely online. Only those classes labs are having that conducted on campus were not even allowed to be on campus uh in the building, if you go out to the building is locked, even not allowed to be there without permission from the vice president. So there they were like really straight. Um there were this college was the strictest, I think when it came to the lockdown in March, um and things have opened up again in michigan for the most part, especially now that the governors executive powers will be drawn. Um So so we're just kind of expecting to see more of a rise, especially with football coming back, but you're not going to have students in the stand, but they're still having football. So um and we know that the football players are lying when they say they've never tested positive. So yeah, I I know that because one of the other student writers interviewed some of the football players, and so she says she knows, Yeah,
so there's that you ask that your question originally, it was about the um whether they're used to technology and doing that more easily, but yeah, that's how it is right now. Uh Yeah.
Yeah, I was just trying to gently tell them like you need a balance here, so um it's not everybody I'm, most of the other students understand, it's just like this, particularly one or two who are themselves, I think under stress and so there pouring all their energy into doing what you're doing and they're not realizing that like, slightly inconvenience, I just, but I think that it's just something like they, you'll learn. Uh Yeah, so yeah,
absolute
party.
Yeah, it's it's weird because it's a lot of doom and gloom from the college students, they everyone's kind of expecting that uh thanks to get well even before fall started that we will kind of warned like in the news and everything that to expect a rough fall and winter. So we kind of knew it even before going in, that it would get a little worse and it did. Um, almost immediately once the campus opened up, the case is just, well, they have what they call covid dormitory cereal. Um, very quarantine the students, but yeah. Um, yeah, so if we had, let almost like if they keep miraculously came up with the vaccine that I could actually distribute to everyone next year, that would be nice. But realistically, I think a lot of students are just making the, they're probably deciding right now whether you want to come back in the winter or if they want to do first, I
think.
so
I'm really close to the University of michigan. Uh, I don't go there. My college is a a little distance away from the university of michigan and we my college in particular is like we're not allowed on campus or certain parts but you have members different. Um. Um They bring their brought things back. Um Pretty much as much as they could, students have that option and do online work. Um There are places, but if you're not a student, an actual student you can't go into certain parts of the U. Of M. Campus, but it's a lot of things have opened up. Um And one of the bars in downtown is going to open up again, I don't know how that's gonna work, like they say they're opening up but I think there might be enough pushback that they change them, I'm not sure yet, you just heard that like a couple of days ago. So um Yeah that's what it's kind of like now the students are have returned to the dormitories during the fall, like um at the o bam the ones who had already paid their lodging fees and we're not willing to how to place, they couldn't get refunds I guess. I mean you could, some of them, but I think that was the point where they passed and they couldn't get refunds and so they had to make the decision to do everything remote or to actually come to the university and then take classes, so yeah, yeah, the cases here are still manageable. Um But yeah, we'll see.
No
actually I'm sorry, I actually did have to um I actually did have to go to new york and august, I think it was the third week of august or was it, I had to go to new york, so I was only there for a day, but um and I it was my first time in new york, so um it was pretty crowded, but when the people I was with who were more familiar with it said that there was nowhere compared to what it would have been pre covid and yeah and they were there was some talk that they were worried about how new york as a city would affair after all this um as as time goes on because there um just because of the number of businesses that have moved their staff out of the offices in new york. Um And yeah because I think it was you know, mostly service based and so they moved all the with that moving the staff out. Yeah, so um Uh huh the the the impression I got was that the city was badly impacted and um no one was sure when it will be able to recover the longer this goes on, so Yeah, I don't know.
Eddie
correct.
Well
it's
With
I think
I think it also might be because they want
to finish on time. I think the people who do the students who decide to continue and ones who really want to finish on time are concerned that if they take that gap um semester or year as the case may be um that they will have a harder time coming back or that they will fall behind. I think that's the main reason. Yeah.
Which is
no,
come on.
remember.
Right.
Mhm.
For me
Yeah.
Some of my
you know some of my relatives uh they have their daughter um Who's I think like nine, So they're having they decided to send him back to school, but it's a school with I think only 50% capacity. I mean they're keeping like students like students in each class then and how do I put it? Like I think they waited and decided that that would be the best way to go for her because they didn't want her not to be able to interact with students her age which was really important. And that part of um during that stage in your life, when you need that interaction and just to be able to grow as a person eventually. So yeah, so the risk I guess they waited and found and decided that it would be better and I actually agree. Um, I just because my fingers and really hope that the school is doing your pastor. Bye. Take care like with the kids and stuff.
What?
Yeah, that's, that sounds so much my, and now I feel nostalgic
and
I'm
crossing. Yeah, I'm
crossing
my fingers. Oh, I'm crossing
my fingers hoping that, um, that a cheap white spread vaccine will be, hopefully by fall next year. I'm just trying to, yeah,
the police
that,
Well, one thing I've learned is how to use a green screen, how
to use a green screen. Do you have that background? So yeah. Um, yeah. So, well that's a trade off. I'm learning things that I wouldn't have if this hadn't happened um Yeah so there's always the bright side, that's what I've realized that it helps to just keep positive all the time. That really helps me.
Yeah
yeah
it was nice
to talk to you too, my name is verna I had never, I forgot to introduce myself, my name is Burn, I was
into
Israel
as well I hope that you and your family stay safe and healthy during this time and happy and positive and hopefully everything comes together like and next year you'll be able to go out bowling
again.
Yeah you as well thank you so much for me.
take care, bye