Hello.
Nice to meet you Sarah.
This is my 4th call. What about you?
Okay.
Got you. You're the look the closest to my age of anybody I've talked to so far.
No, I'm 20 for everybody else has been like 40 or older, so
What?
Yeah, that's let's kind of have a win. But you know, you both, everybody knows you to be like on the call for the certain amount of time. So it works out.
And I have that page going with the link at the time are on it. Yeah. Should be good.
that's really interesting.
It's
How long it
democrat?
How long have you been doing that job for?
No.
What are you gonna get your masters in?
Oh, that's so fun. I was a
I was a neuroscience major. So that
so where do you go to school?
I don't know where that
is.
captions,
That's so cool.
What?
I'm in medical school right now, so the second year med student, yep. Um So probably will not be going into like neurosurgery. Wait because my degree, like for my school neuroscience is basically a double major in bio insight and then you took some like Euro classes on top of that. Um So I was only interested in like the side part um and like obviously like a lot of the neuro things, but it doesn't necessarily correlate to like neurosurgery as it is because you aren't like actually like talking and having those conversations. Um But I loved it, I did like um it was called like developmental psychopathology. Um So research in that when I was an undergrad and um we looked a lot of like kids who have been put into foster care um and how that experience of being separated from their families and primarily like their mothers um affect their emotional development and like the skills they had with regulating and like communicating their emotions later on. But just like the site stuff is so interesting to me. That's so fun that
you
get to go down that field.
Yeah.
Yeah. So I'm really interested in women's health. Um So I think O. B. G. Y. N. Is probably where I'm gonna end up. I also do really like um Children, so I might especially like nick you. So I could see myself going into Pete's and working with like creamy babies or like just working with kids in general. So something like along those lines um and those tend to be happier fields, like my roommates in med school and she wants to go into oncology, which is like really not a happy field to be at the most part. So I'm like
Especially
if I was like a general Obi you see you don't see the highest cases, you see like the ones that are more like typical
and general
problems and like that such a happy time for like mom and the whole family. So I think that would be enough, you know like positive experiences to make up for like ones that are really hard. So uh that's that's hopefully what I I see myself doing but we start like our clinical rotations in the hospital. Um And like april or may of this up 20 years, that's when I get so you know kind of actually experience all the different specialties. Um And so who knows maybe I'll change my mind or you
know.
So.
So
you decide
like the end of your third year or so is when you make it. Um But like they have us you start doing research like this year so we have to graduate with the research project. So
you want to like start it earlier so it's not you have time to finish it and you aren't stressed out when you're taking like your board exams and stuff like that. So I'm starting research that's like obi research. So if I end up in that field as opposed to like going into like cardiology and they're like well why did you look at like this random like you know the birth process? But
who
knows?
Um So there's a bunch of like potential options. Um I've been right now I'm working with um like a resident who looks at like women who get hysterectomies and like if they have I think it's like heart problems or like some other like coexisting like um like like uh coexisting diseases like how that affects like the recovery from a history to me. Um So she's like traffic just like helping write the paper and like doing like um like getting the data from the patients. So something like on that note I'm also really interested in global health research. Um And so part like part of the program that I've entered my school. Um We do like global health stuff once a month and then they will pay for us to go do research abroad and do like a rotation abroad as well. Which is so fun. Um I was supposed to actually be in peru and Honduras this past summer but obviously with coded that
hasn't been happening. So I'm hoping that like by the time I'm like end of my third year, early fourth year I'll be able to travel. So I'd like to do my like whole project based in like a global health location, so something so a whole bunch of like ideas. I'm trying to like pull
together
so.
Just
like not going
to work out.
Yeah. So I took a year off between undergrad and med school. Um And I'm sure you, you know, like people will take gap years and stuff like that. And so I didn't actually take a gap year. I had applied to go straight to the med school after college. Um But I was like after I like gotten accepted, which is like, like yesterday was like my three years ago I got into med school, so I was like cute. Um So I had been volunteering with this organization that goes to Honduras um since I was like in high school and we would do like medical brigades down there and like, you go like, I went like almost every year through high school and undergrad. And we would just like, you know, bringing people in the community and like do all like the routine, like health screenings and stuff and like given medication for like their chronic diseases. And I did a lot of work in the school there as well. Um And so I went down during my fault break of my senior year and they had just opened up a bilingual school in the town where we had gone to. And it's like the only like public school that's bilingual and Honduras, all of the other ones are like really, really expensive and only like the rich people basically can go to them. Um So they were looking for, they really needed teachers for the bilingual school. And so I went and visited and I was like, oh my god, I want to do this so badly. So I was really lucky that like the school end up choosing from med school, they were okay with me deferring my admission, so I was able to spend um the
whole year, like I graduated in 2018, so like the whole next school year um working, I taught their grade um in Honduras about school, so that was really fun, really good opportunity. Um definitely, like some things were really hard, so I'm happy that I came home when I did, but some things that were like really wonderful, I was just like talking to somebody else yesterday about how my landlord would sell avocados and it would be like four avocados for the equivalent of a dollar,
and I could literally just like walk downstairs by some avocados by a few eggs and make like a toast every morning before work. And so I was like those little things like you can't do that right now, but I also do have like You know running water and
25 so trade up. But yeah, so that's something then super interested in. I feel like I'm talking so much about myself.
well
let's
go.
No.
Oh that's crazy.
Oh that's
fine.
And
yeah, of course.
Oh I'm
that's
fun.
Where
you,
so anywhere
great.
It's
I'm in Ohio and I feel the same way I can drive to like more midwestern farm town.
But
this,
yeah, I like I'm in Cleveland now which is like the biggest city slash cat is the city biggest like place I've ever lived in. Um I think it's like, this is like the biggest size I think I could handle. If I lived in like Chicago or new york. I think I would just be so overwhelmed.
Thanks.
and so many people I had gone there in high school for like a weekend trip with like some program I was a part of and I remember we were like walking through the streets and I was just like, there are so many people here and I couldn't handle that. Like I'm like from a suburb in Ohio, you know, like it's not like there aren't that many people around us, but it's like, I'm not convinced constantly into like these streets so I understand what you feel.
Not
After everything ends.
I know, I
feel that
but you know you you have time off eventually. That's the goal of the future, right?
So
didn't
it? And you know yourself back? So if you have what their decision is for you?
I mean is that is a great
deal.
My big
I'm sure it's nice to be here. Your family two.
Yeah. If you're like away in Tennessee and like being alone in a new place where it's so much harder like go out and uh huh Yeah.
I feel like not that I don't know you that well but I feel like that was a really good
good.
Yeah. So I'm like three hours away from my family and when I went to college I was like four hours away so I've always been like within driving distance, which is something that's really important to me so I can really understand like the same feeling for you.
that's not
at all.
I
so
why would you? Yeah. Yeah. And
uh
that's good. I was gonna mention earlier when you said you were on the border of France and Germany, I
I've gone to France before and he went to colmar which is
also okay. Is that close to where you
were?
Oh, that's so fun. Yeah. I really liked it as a town. I thought it was like, I mean I was just traveling in France my family so I was like young, it was like the first time I'd ever had wine um uh
it's
not
too
difficulties.
it's a really good, really
good place to
live.
No,
that's what I think is good.
you
do,
You know you're living, you learn,
Yeah, I'm sure you're playing enough money into them intuition. Yeah. Yeah,
I had this great phrase for the first year of med school um and it was when some moves most and whenever like one of those things to come my way, I would just be like, well when someone's most
well what more more credible asked for on valentine's day, Am I right? Okay.
you love it. Yeah. My apartment in Cleveland doesn't have air conditioning either, so
it's
not
too
bad. But yeah, over the summer there were times when it was really bad um I worked as a nanny this summer just because like everything I was gonna do, like medicine wise kind of fell through with the pandemic um in their house was air conditioned and the parents were divorced. So like sometimes the kids would be at their dad's house and the mom would like go with them and her boyfriend, so no one would be at the home. So when it was really hot I would just like drop the kids off at their dad's at like six, which is when I got off and then I would just go back and watch T. V. At the house because no one was there until it was like The Sun one set and then I feel like Okay now I can go home to my own apartment that's like I just can't go home without air conditioning.
I know it was really great.
And they would like I was like cooking for the kids so they're like oh you can just feed yourself too. So for the whole summer I never like I didn't even really have to buy food. I was eating like breakfast, lunch and dinner there.
So it was a great job.
Welcome.
You're like, what am I
doing?
Be
a little safer?
that's hard.
Yeah. You have you have to be around the kids all the time. I mean the kids I babysit were 25 and eight and their parents were going through a divorce and so there was a lot a lot of turmoil there and I was just really good at like, all right, let's I'll let you scream and then maybe a half an hour we'll try again to do something. But like the five year old, she's her name is Claire in particular. She got she would love to scratch with her nails. And I had like marks on my hand from it and I was like, I'm gonna be paid really well like playing, but I would have to like go in and like whenever she was like in a happy mood I would like trim her nails down,
I was like whoa, they could go and like, I mean he's writing a guarantee.
thank
you.
Yeah.
And it's what it is. Okay.
Thanks. I feel like you're
actually
protein.
Yeah. Have a good rest of you know your time your life.
So
weird like with everything,
I hope
that, you know, getting your masters goes really well for
you,
a restaurant. Thanks.