Oh, actually Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you so much. This is not Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Welcome. Yeah. Many people Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. The future? Yeah. Yeah.
Hi, I'm Sarah, what's your name?
Nice to meet you maddie. Um Have you done this before?
this is this will be my second, I had one yesterday uh
with with a girl and so yeah, my second.
really? I'm I'm 22. Is that does that matter?
I talked to um I'll be 23 on Wednesday, but I talked
to um an 18 year old Once we're getting. So that was that was good. Like I was worried like I'm gonna get someone that's like 15. I mean, I could do it obviously, but it would be a little more awkward. I feel like like more of a lot of things to talk about, but
and I'm just kind of a timer. I don't know if you have.
but I talk to people like every day for my job so it's kind of, I work as like a crisis line operator. Um
Yeah it is and it's pretty, you know it's not
really like small talk but it is like a lot about conversations and got someone keeping up the conversation so it's good practice I guess. Um Yeah studio
how long
were?
Um Only like a month. I'm really new since I just graduated. Um I just graduated from college in the spring and um yeah I took a semester off but I'm gonna start my Masters this coming
spring.
Clinical psychology.
you were away?
I I was a neuroscience major.
Um I went to center college.
it's
a small school in Kentucky so. But
yeah um I have a degree in neuroscience and then I'm going to get my Masters in clinical psych and I'm hoping to work as like a neuropsychologist, so probably
get my um PhD or saidI
like finish this idea at some point I don't know eventually. Um What are you wanting to do with or what are you doing with your neuroscience degree?
That's
some
I'm like that's your that research sounds so interesting and I'm glad you know I wanted to go to med school but then I think that I had to take a chemistry class obviously yeah chemistry
class and um hated it and I was really bad. I was a really bad chemistry student um even though my professors like tried to help me, I was like I really I don't care about this, I really care about the brain, I just care about what I had to learn about chemistry. Um So I didn't end up obviously going to med school. I changed my mind very soon. But do you know like give any idea of like what like field medicine you want to work in or?
What I also feel like I mean it might be happy like your birth but there's a lot of like babies that don't make it birth and like babies that are in the nicu but I mean there's definitely more happiness than in than England
Colleges.
That's
true.
I mean
you have time. That's
the good things. But don't you have to like you have to decide I guess you have to do your rotations and stuff. It's
not
to help you.
All
Do
you
do you have any idea like what you want to what you're going to do, research project on or?
Why?
Well I
mean
you have inserted it, you were obviously you should be able to have a whole bunch of ideas and because it's like have one idea that you're like steadfast on and then you come to find out like it's either not that interesting or you know, you're kind
of like
fucking
yet be stuck in your ways and kind of like up a creek without a paddle. So it's good that you have a lot of different options uh and that you have opportunities to go to go abroad and into the work. That's really interesting. Um Have you ever been like out of the country before?
Yeah.
Well
So when
Oh, I mean I don't care. Um I mean do you have any questions for me? I mean as far as like where you talked about, where you went abroad, I can tell you do that. Like I studied abroad in europe my
like
junior
year, so I lived in France sort of a similar experience or you know, I lived with someone
that I lived with like a host mom. She wasn't, she wasn't french, she was Romanian, but she lived in I am, I lived in a town called strasbourg, I don't know if you've ever heard of it, um it's like right on the french german border, so like I could literally walk across the bridge to get to Germany
and I lived with Romanian woman who worked for the worked for, oh gosh, what did she work for? The Council of Human rights, the european council. So yeah, that was my experience. I lived in France for three months and we traveled to a whole bunch of different countries with my best
friend.
It was really, really cool and I got to see a lot of stuff. Um They didn't really have anything to do with neuroscience, has actually
nothing to do with neuroscience. Um but I didn't really care, like
I'm gonna have fun, I can speak some french uh and I had awesome, I would go back, I would go back today if I could and
my whole my husband did, I always have a bed Uh
if
I ever want to come back, so I definitely am going to go back. It's like
it was
one of the best experiences ever. And I mean there you can literally hop on a train and be
anywhere
in 45 minutes. So It's a little different here where I get in the car and I drive 45 minutes and I'm like in Indiana or somewhere dumb
like you know? Um But
Yeah like my my I live and like I live in Kentucky, like a very like western Kentucky and um there's like I mean I live in this town, it's not very big, but my best friend, she lives in northern Kentucky and so like she literally garage across the street, the bridge to Cincinnati. I'm like I'm a little fellas like you have a little more opportunities in the that's the that's nice. Uh But I don't know I like living in a smaller smaller town even
if
we don't have as many things as Cincinnati.
No like I can visit there no problem but I um and I like I can figure out how to get around it can do all that, but there's like some aspects of it, I will never like I would I would never figure out like I I want I've never been in new york and my friend and I want everything is done, we're going to go and we're gonna visit but like I could never live there because I'm not tough enough, I
um I literally like call my mom every day like I can't, I just couldn't I wouldn't have uh the time I wouldn't even know what to do, you know what I mean? Like I still live at home, I wouldn't I wouldn't know what to do by living in new york on my own but like the biggest city.
Yeah and it's like I the biggest city I've been in his paris which all maybe know who's London but paris in of itself is like nasty and it smells like pee and um it's just disgusting and so I can only imagine like that the what we imagine like the ambiance is probably terrible.
It's probably different pasties. There's just as many rats. It smells just as bad. Um That's, that's what I expect, but I'm happy to go and I would love to go somewhere. Um after,
after everything's done, yeah, after everything's decided to stop. Um but I'll be in school so I probably won't get
if
what? Yeah, I'll be in school and at work like 30 hours a week and like maybe thinking of it. Yes.
Yeah. And I feel really like I'm really, really happy with like where I am right now. Like I had, I was actually supposed to move to Tennessee to go to school for this this fall, but I decided like, at the very, very last minute, like, a week before I was supposed to go to not go, it was like extremely last minute. I'm not that kind of person. But I was like, I was like, second guessing it every single day of the summer, and I was just like, just I didn't want to do it and I was only doing it because I didn't want to make, like, my parents upset, but my I told them I was like, I don't want to go and they're like, oh, okay, that's great. I'm glad you made that decision. Like, I was like, I thought you were being disappointed. They're like, no,
what
just happened?
Yeah. And so like, I'm going to school like closer to home and I got a great job, like a great out of school job where I get like, I'm part time, but I still get like full time benefits and they will pay for half of my school.
I
know. I was like, oh my gosh, I'm so glad I didn't go to like, I'm going to move to Murphy's Burrow. I'm like, I'm so glad I didn't go to Murphy's burrow. And then like, just yesterday I texted my best friend, I was like, look at this. And I sent her an article where the apartment complex I was gonna live. They were just shooting and someone died. I was like, I'm so glad I didn't know the Murfreesboro because I probably could have died. Like honestly I could have died. Like it's like literally everything. Like I was like, I need to, that just goes to show you need to trust your gut, you need to go with your gut. So I'm so glad I did. I'm so much happier. And
even with everything going on.
Yeah, because my whole family, like everyone lives here.
At
Well, let's
just look at the facts like that's what people do when they go into school. Like, I don't know how far away your school. Well, I guess you're in Ohio and you're going to school in Ohio. But
And I don't know, I feel my mom's happy with me being here, so I'm happy of being here and Like, so what I'm 23 and I still love my mom. That's okay.
It's good.
It's
like, yeah, what am I supposed to do? Run an apartment on on a part time salary? No,
no.
yeah, thanks.
I'm really, really happy right now.
What?
I know.
I've
been to Colmar.
Yeah. I love I loved every, I loved almost every bit of europe like there's something I mean you're young so you might not have like understand like you know recognize a lot of stuff but like things are closed all the time, like you can't ever get anything because they they don't the french just don't like to work. I get all like some days where they literally aren't, they're just not open and then
some
days when they're
protesting and so you can't get anywhere because because no one wants to work. So like yeah, maybe so I had I had some some some things
that I couldn't live there, I couldn't I think maybe I could live there if I had a car and it was in a college student trying to get drunk every weekend, you know what I mean? But um but when wind is cheaper than water like
might
as
well do it. Um Like we got for valentine's day, my best friend and I got like a bottle of wine for some reason we got the cheapest bottle we could find because he thought any good and it was really like like less than a dollar and with the worst thing I've
ever had because
we couldn't even finish it. So we had a nasty wine and like this little pastry that looked like a little mouse for valentine's day and I
made food. But
yeah it was cute but then I made food and I burned the pan and we scrubbed the pan for like weeks. We still couldn't get the burn off the bottom of the pan, I was like, oh no, so that pain went in the trash and our school never found out about it. So
you know you live, you don't, maybe you should stir food when you cook it, but no, that's okay. My school can pay for that.
Yeah,
yeah and then that's it situation. I was eating a cute mouse declare and taking terrible wine and it's just smelling burnt food everywhere. Yeah,
in a french apartment without any air conditioning and um just listening to all the neighbors partying. But
I
am
extremely guitar
singer.
You Vanessa system for sure.
I think
that's awesome.
Yeah, that is really that's really good. I also, I didn't nanny, I babysit for my cousins, you're babysat my cousins over the over the summer, but they probably weren't as good or I mean obviously I could eat whatever food I want. It's my aunt Uncle Tower, but like my cousins were absolutely terrible and like Children I've worked for all, I've worked for a lot of daycares. And I don't know why. I always get myself into jobs that have to do with kids because I like, oh my gosh,
I have no patience. I don't really have zero patients. And like, I almost got a job this uh for my almost got a job that was working for the same organization I work for now, but for kids like mental hospital. And then they were telling me like, oh yeah, you're gonna have to like, grapple kids to the ground, don't wear your hair up because they'll pull your hair or don't wear your hair like this because they'll pull your hair and don't do this because they'll break and break it, and if they break your own, we'll get you a new phone. I'm like,
I
thought that maybe I'll just talk on the phone to people every day. Oh
look,
yeah, it's a little safer. I mean maybe it's just as stressful because it is like the suicide hotline.
But um you know, you can at least like hang up like in the call and then go do something in like decompressed and like that's a joint. But if I worked for the hospital, I would never really get to decompress because the kids live there. It's inpatient hospital. Thanks. I would never get to just like go like scream into a pillow somewhere.
If
You figured it out. Like my little cousin would do that, but she was like, she's 10 and she still scratch me and she hit me once. I was like, I told her dad he's like, why don't you just spank her? I'm like, I'm not going to spank her. She's my cousin. Number one. Number two, I don't agree
with
that. So I'm not actually bigger than me. I'm five ft tall. If he's bigger than me, like I'm not going to try to spank her. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah.
And
yeah, my time
on the phone off, but it was really nice to talk with you and meet
you.
Thank you. You
too.
And
it's
thank
you. And the same for you with your meds Phil degree. Right,
You too. Bye.