SPEAKER_L: I don't want a single comment on a single comment saying, oh now I don't believe in love or I thought I believed in love and now now I don't anymore. None of that please. Because we did because we did love each other. We do love each other. And we've talked about everything and last about everything about everything that was all about a month ago already. So confirmed sexual merch asked me in the past, like confirmed bisexual, What does that even mean? I didn't really know how to answer that question. It was like, well it's too funny. I know, I know I'm not what I would say that what I really meant was confirmed. I'm into women. But the thought of confirming whether or not I was interviews never crossed my mind. It was like being into man was just a given. That was it was something I never questioned. I had crushes on boys and date boys altered. Junior high high school. I was actively participated in heterosexuality. So I never even question. And it wasn't until I started exploring sexuality. Not men that like oh this is different if this wasn't supposed to be the entire time. And these alarm bells started to go on with my bed.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hello? How are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Good. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing well. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: I like
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: the picture.
SPEAKER_L: what what? Oh thanks. So what's up in your life?
SPEAKER_R: Uh, not much was just getting some work done very slowly, fascinating.
SPEAKER_L: What do you do?
SPEAKER_R: I'm a behaviorist.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's so cool. What field of behavior do you study?
SPEAKER_R: Um, actually, so we worked with autism mainly. Okay. So I, you know, I do a lot of stuff for nonprofits and go to homes and things like that. Um, but um, yeah, mainly I go in and if what I'm doing right now, which is like kind of side work. Um, if you know, parents are having a real hard time with their kids, um, you know, and I live in new york and so it's only, um, we can only work with autism under our license, thanks to our governor. And yeah, I go in and help them out in different ways. So I'm writing an initial assessment, which is very long and tedious. I just got started and I go wait to get
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: to get out of this call. What do you do?
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm actually a college student. I'm about to be in my senior year but I'm studying cognitive studies. Yeah. Um cognitive studies in quantitative methods so.
SPEAKER_R: so you're doing kind of like, like clinical psychology very cool.
SPEAKER_L: I'm like learning and memory.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, definitely related.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't meet many people randomly that are um in the same field so that's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah no one, no one really knows what I do, everyone actually when I say it with behaviorist things of psychology first so. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yes.
SPEAKER_R: I don't even think my wife really knows what I do too well where you go to school?
SPEAKER_L: Vanderbilt in Nashville. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Trying to remember. My friend might teach there beaches. Yeah he teaches down in and no he teaches in Clarksville,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Like npsu maybe.
SPEAKER_R: you know he's only been there for a year, could Clarksville is down in Tennessee to correct.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like 45 minutes away.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah he was over in indiana and then he went down to to Clarksville not Nashville um teaches uh linguistics and dramatics so sure nothing that you're interested
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: in because I'm not either and he's one of my best.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So how's lockdown treating you?
SPEAKER_R: That's great. I'm like one of the few people that says that um you know I got to work from home quite a bit more. I got be really young daughters that I get to spend a lot more time with. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was working a lot of days like 12 hours a day out of the house and I was never seen and now we save on child care because of the home with us. Yeah get
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: to do stuff
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: around the house. Um My workload is a lot lighter, you know? Uh So my second job it's suffering there but at the same
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: time, you know it's a trade office, we don't have, you know how things going for you over there?
SPEAKER_L: Not that. Um So I'm in charleston and they opened up probably a little too fast and so the numbers went way up especially because it's like a big tourist destination. Um And so now they've like rolled things back and it's that we're definitely that weird like people are like it's fine but it's I uh yeah. So you know my family has been mostly trying to stay at home, my dad's not working from home, we're just like doing home improvement projects, that that kind of stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've been doing the same,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. It's
SPEAKER_R: haven't I think?
SPEAKER_L: the first time like all of us have been home at the same time for a while since I went off to college, so it's nice to have everyone home and bouncing around the house.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm sure sure it's just it's so weird. I I did one of these for the first time yesterday and this is my
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: second one and that's what you know what we're talking about two, it's just so weird what's going on?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Um How did you get into doing prolific?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I just found it on a google search. So um my wife is a big spender and I'm not and I was I started saving for retirement later in life and so you know I I just had this thought one night that like yo there's I know those online survey sites, so I started doing some of them and I just kind of put it away to invest and then uh someone you know every once in a while do google search, best survey sites and prolific
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: came up and yeah it's great, I mean it just pops up and yeah usually if I'm working for will have it on the background check it on a few times a day, how'd you do it?
SPEAKER_L: Um It's kind of the same thing actually when I first ended up in lockdown, I um got laid off and I was like, I have money saved up and then, you know, I'm living at home now, so it wasn't like super urgent, but I was like, you know, I might as well try to make some money while I'm sitting at home. Um And yeah, I have found prolific and just been like, do you have the extension?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I just found that a couple weeks ago, so that makes it really convenient.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I was just like, have it, let it pop up and see what I see what I can get. You might as well make some a little bit of money with my time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah a lot of my spirit, like
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: if I'm just sitting around watching cartoons and my daughter, I'll start answering surveys like that. There's a few states that bounce around from but prolific actually my favorite because it's, you never,
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: you never really,
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it pays well and you know, you know, you're qualified already, you know, that would do that. You know, this one, this is one of the more unique ones that I've ever done that, to be honest with you, I've been doing them Prolific. I'm
SPEAKER_L: Bye.
SPEAKER_R: about three years now.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, wow. Very cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It adds up anything
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: else.
SPEAKER_L: like, I'm always surprised because it doesn't feel like that much, but you know what you're doing like a little bit every day. It really does
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know, I made a couple 100 bucks a month from all this stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I got like a system
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: down. It works out pretty well for me. So like I said, I just, I don't want to tell him 70 so I'm going to, but
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: um, unfortunately live in a really expensive part of the country. And so anyway,
SPEAKER_L: Sorry. Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: I I work in her, I live in a really expensive part of the country anywhere else. Like we look at our salary and we should be,
SPEAKER_L: Card?
SPEAKER_R: you know, we should be living in a huge house and have no worries. And here it's like we're struggling to get by on a middle class existence. You know, it's where I was born though. It's where my family is. No. Oh yeah, I don't want to move yet,
SPEAKER_L: I can't blame you and looking at moving to new york after I graduate, but we'll see how the economy is doing and all of that.
SPEAKER_R: do that
SPEAKER_L: Not
SPEAKER_R: everyone?
SPEAKER_L: worth it.
SPEAKER_R: No, I live right outside of new york city. Um There's
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: a little county, it's called Rockland County. Um That's right on the other side of, well there's like White Plains in New Jersey, right next to New york city and we're right outside of that. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And I had a
SPEAKER_L: Hey,
SPEAKER_R: condo on the taxes were about 8500 a year. Uh huh. Yeah. And then all my friends that live in the city, they're trying to get out, they hate it, there's riots there and um people are leaving the city in droves because of everything that's going on there. Um and I mean cost of living like, you know, to live in a studio apartment in the city
SPEAKER_L: Another
SPEAKER_R: is about 2500 a month. So don't do it. It sounds really nice, Don't do it, you know, maybe for a couple of years and don't don't settle down here, It's too expensive.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Like, you know, while I'm young and can, yeah, like I have to worry about like school kids and I don't know, we'll see I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like I said, it's just so expensive here. Um I don't know, it's getting stranger and stranger where I live, has other problems going on now to that. Um There's a lot of, I don't know how to say this diplomatically, lot of racial tensions um with
SPEAKER_L: Oh.
SPEAKER_R: a particular group and you know from, so in this living in some of its actually founded because the group is actually doing a lot of harm and I don't think it has
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: anything to do with their cultural beliefs, just what they're doing as a
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: group and it's causing a lot of problems in my county and surrounding counties. It's gonna get ugly. It's getting ugly, it's been getting ugly. So at some point I'd like to get away from it all.
SPEAKER_L: Where
SPEAKER_R: You know
SPEAKER_L: you can move anywhere? Where would you move?
SPEAKER_R: Hawaii and we went there, my wife and I started dating, we went there, it was the first vacation that ever took. They didn't want to come back from
SPEAKER_L: Star.
SPEAKER_R: uh huh And it's it's expensive there too but it's just you know I'm just bucket list why? But we'll probably wind up either somewhere Tennessee or north Carolina or Delaware or something like that. It's a little warmer, a little cheaper, you know? Uh huh, things like that. It's just too expensive to have a family here. Like I said, I'm working two jobs. My wife has a good job and it's, you know, it's a, it's tough. Where after new york, what do you want to do?
SPEAKER_L: Um I am kind of open to, I would love to be in a city with excellent public trans. It's like a Big one. Um but you know, or I mean better than what we have here, but I'm open to going where the jobs are and where life takes me. So Okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So you're at that fun starting out stage.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I have um, a year until I graduate.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, that's not too bad. Right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: what type of job are you looking for?
SPEAKER_L: Um Probably some like a research position. I might end up going to grad school. Um, and like being in academia, but I want a little bit more time before I commit to something like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. A few of my friends are college professor and it's, it's a different type of life, you know? Um my friend that's actually in Tennessee, he was teaching in Germany and then he went to
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: indiana and it was tough for him in indiana. He actually at that time like later on in life came out and sK and he's like, I'm in the bible belt and mike pence was governor at the time and he's like the conversion, he's like, but it might feel this so small, it's hard to go anywhere else. And then, so he met a guy and who is in Louisville and he's like it's about a two hour drive, it's not that bad. And then he went to teach at Louisville, but he didn't get offered a return position,
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: so now he's in Tennessee, they had bought a house together in Louisville and they look like, I I think he said it's about a four hour drive, five hour drive. It's like it's pretty far. Um So and I'm like, well what are you gonna do? We just continue a long distance relationship so you know my hat's off to him, you know, it's the life I chose.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's the, those tough choices.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, he likes it, he likes it so Yeah, it's good things you love to do. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. A few friends who work and um like the entertainment industry in Louisville to like um work for like the theater there and stuff like that. I do like the events that derby and those kind of things. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: that's cool. That's got to be a lot of traveling.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. They love that. They get to travel all the time, but it's not for everyone.
SPEAKER_R: No, I'm at that stage where it's like I get to stay home on the weekend, that's great. My my friend posted something the other day, it was like it was perfect for me. He goes my punishment of staying home and
SPEAKER_L: At
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: least.
SPEAKER_R: to bed early as a kid are my goals as an adult now and I'm like yeah, that sounds about right, that sounds about
SPEAKER_L: Chief. Yeah. It's another one of those like, yeah, you guys like a different lifestyle, definitely a different lifestyle because you know, you get to sleep in until like 10 o'clock our later, but then you gotta go to work and you don't get off until like 11, 12 or sometimes later depending on what it is. And then you do it all again the next day. You travel, a lot of them will like take time off and tour with the show. So then I get to travel all over. Yeah. You know, like it's really cool. But if you have a family, it's less desirable.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's tough. I think it's really tough. I think I would have liked it when I was younger, but you know, I think everyone kind of falls into their niche. You find what you like. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I'd love to I'd love to kind of travel on my own terms. My mother in law, she travels a lot for work um short term medical supply company, but she has to set up all
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: of these um meetings and things like that and events in other parts of the country. So she has to travel with them and and set them up and she's you know she's like well you know at first it's nice to go to las Vegas and it's like you really get like one night out so like have dinner or something you're working, she goes I don't get to these places. Um So yeah I kind of keep that in mind too, you know when I get old, when you know the kids get older we had more time, I'd love to do more
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: traveling in my life something. Um
SPEAKER_L: My dad, he's trying to retire soon. Um and his his he wants to do like how swaps you like switch with somebody and then it's like for a month or two. Like, you know, just get to fully live in another city for a while that seems really need.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know how it feels that someone living in my house for a month or two though, that part would kind of, I don't know, I'm a bit territory.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can't blame you.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. So but yeah I've heard of that. Um
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: No I never did much traveling in my life. And then, you know, I met my wife, I mean we went to Hawaii in Aruba Italy in florida and I mean we went on a bunch of trips and you know, we had kids and that pretty much. So we'd like to get back to that at some point. But let's see
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: life's a tripp. Never really know where it's
SPEAKER_L: kids,
SPEAKER_R: going to take you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Good outlook. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: The yeah, one of my friends went to school for what you're doing and she works for a
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: pharmaceutical company. She traveled all over because of that. But she lived in she was in the Netherlands close to Amsterdam if I remember correctly now.
SPEAKER_L: wow. That's really,
SPEAKER_R: But like has lived there, I don't know how that works because when I you know, I haven't talked to her now probably about seven years because you know, But she didn't speak dutch and she didn't speak japanese. Let's see how she did with that. I don't know. Okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: So are they doing in person class for you guys?
SPEAKER_L: Right. Kind of, so we're all moving in. Um so at Vanderbilt, everyone has to live on campus usually. Um and so this semester they like authorized a bunch of people to move off so they could, you know, did identify. Um but we're still moving into dorms and then classes are either, most of them are either like an online class or a hybrid class. So the two of mine are virtual and then three are, I'll only go like once a week or once every other week. Um and that was just like rotate people depending on how big the classroom is. Mhm mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's that's gonna be tough to Uh huh. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's like it's definitely something to adapt to. I'm glad when you get to, I'm glad it's not all online. Listen, mhm. Something rely on. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: You know, I almost feel like so much of the college experience was going there, you know, otherwise you could have just done the online learning how it's being taken away. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I also think a big part of like the learning experience of college is how to live independently and take care of yourself and you know, that you wouldn't get if you were staying home and taking classes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, it didn't work out too well for me, so I can't speak on that. I went away for a year was a disaster and I came back home and went to a college here, so I was very immature for my age in college to me six years to get my undergraduate. You have, I can already tell you have a much better head on your shoulders than I did when I was your age.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks um, hoping everything works out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh You know, it's At just one I was I was like 25 or 26, I wanted to be a teacher and I started teaching, I got this great teaching job right out of college and I hated it, like, I hated, it was like fitting, you know, around a round peg in a square hole. And so I had a bunch of friends at that point, there were a lot older than me and you know, I used to always go to them for advice and I went to them and these are guys that were in their forties
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: and fifties that were established and have families and have businesses and I'm like, you know, I just wish I knew what I wanted to do with my life. And almost all of them told me this exact same thing, like when you figure it out, let me know this way, maybe I have an idea to, and you know, it was kind of at that moment, like, I don't know, I I grew up, my father was a teacher and my grandparents owned a store and that's what they did, like you got a job and that's what you did for 40 years or whatever, and then you retired and that was what to find you, and like, now I'm seeing like, you know, at that point I realized like it's just kind of a journey and you know, so when I stopped trying to figure out like, oh this is what I want to do with my life, it's kind of like this is what I want to do right now, and since then things have gotten so much better and you know, uh worked in the same industry for 13 years now, but um I have like six different jobs each one like you know either you know each one in some way better than the last
SPEAKER_L: You are
SPEAKER_R: you know? Um It's been
SPEAKER_L: listen
SPEAKER_R: great. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: What's your favorite and least favorite part of your job?
SPEAKER_R: um I never know what to expect on a daily basis. You know I also I work for a non for profit and we house adults with developmental disabilities
SPEAKER_L: That's right.
SPEAKER_R: um at least the division I work and we do a lot but that's what I what I do there and I never know what to expect on a day to day basis. Every day is different. Um A lot of days are just very rewarding,
SPEAKER_L: cleaning
SPEAKER_R: you know. Mhm. Um People that don't talk to anyone like no I want to talk to chapter
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: and you know it's like tangible the difference I make because it's you know I work very much on the on the micro level so um you know I get to work with these people
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: like one I want to actually make a difference
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: which is awesome. Mhm. Mhm. Um Least favorite part I gotta be honest dealing with the families. Some of them are great um But some of them are very unreasonable and you know it comes back to the psychology that I understand it. Uh You know they built or they want their kids perfect. You're the one that's supposed to fix them. There is not fixing it you know. Um And and that's that's tough like when you're getting blamed for something that is not your fault even trying the hardest and and you know see
SPEAKER_L: Come on. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you want to fix as bad as them. It's a tough it's a tough pill to swallow sometimes especially when you know it's also now you're getting blamed for not doing something in front of
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: you know your supervisors
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: and things like that and it happens all the time and we all understand, but
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: it's really tough. Um And I get bit all the time, so that's a distant second.
SPEAKER_L: Nothing.
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, so but you know, I love what I do. Yeah. Not all fun, but you know, most days it's it's fun. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Mm.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Difference in the world. Yeah. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I took, the first job I took in this field was by accident and I just had a job that I hated.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I absolutely hated. Go come home from that job.
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: started applying to anything that I thought I would get an interview for and one that like, well come teach life skills to adults and I'm like, well I was a teacher, Maybe it's different
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: with adults and you know, these people have disabilities, I
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: had
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: no experience in the field and I went in and they're like, he's got a master's, we're gonna pay him 1550 an hour. He's going to take it, we're gonna give it to him.
SPEAKER_L: control
SPEAKER_R: And like I showed up and yeah, I was teaching like bills, but I was like going out and drinking coffee with these guys and like teaching them how to like walk around the town and um, we're listening to music and you know, we're just doing all these like fun things. I'm
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: getting
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: paid to like drive around and go to the
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: mall and
SPEAKER_L: shit.
SPEAKER_R: like, It was awesome. And I was 25. I was working with all young females to, which definitely helped. And I'm like, I just, I just have to figure out how to make a living doing this. And yeah, it was, it took
SPEAKER_L: dr
SPEAKER_R: a couple of years, but I figured out.
SPEAKER_L: very cool.
SPEAKER_R: All right, well, I think our time is up. It was fun.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah you too. Boom.
SPEAKER_R: Good luck with your school.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks. Yeah. Have fun. Good luck with lockdown and all these things. Just treat you
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you too.
SPEAKER_L: and see you.