Hello.
Good. How are you?
I like
the picture.
Uh, not much was just getting some work done very slowly, fascinating.
I'm a behaviorist.
Um, actually, so we worked with autism mainly. Okay. So I, you know, I do a lot of stuff for nonprofits and go to homes and things like that. Um, but um, yeah, mainly I go in and if what I'm doing right now, which is like kind of side work. Um, if you know, parents are having a real hard time with their kids, um, you know, and I live in new york and so it's only, um, we can only work with autism under our license, thanks to our governor. And yeah, I go in and help them out in different ways. So I'm writing an initial assessment, which is very long and tedious. I just got started and I go wait to get
to get out of this call. What do you do?
so you're doing kind of like, like clinical psychology very cool.
So yeah, definitely related.
Yeah no one, no one really knows what I do, everyone actually when I say it with behaviorist things of psychology first so. Uh huh.
I don't even think my wife really knows what I do too well where you go to school?
Uh huh. Trying to remember. My friend might teach there beaches. Yeah he teaches down in and no he teaches in Clarksville,
you know he's only been there for a year, could Clarksville is down in Tennessee to correct.
Okay. Yeah he was over in indiana and then he went down to to Clarksville not Nashville um teaches uh linguistics and dramatics so sure nothing that you're interested
in because I'm not either and he's one of my best.
That's great. I'm like one of the few people that says that um you know I got to work from home quite a bit more. I got be really young daughters that I get to spend a lot more time with. Yeah.
Yeah, I was working a lot of days like 12 hours a day out of the house and I was never seen and now we save on child care because of the home with us. Yeah get
to do stuff
around the house. Um My workload is a lot lighter, you know? Uh So my second job it's suffering there but at the same
time, you know it's a trade office, we don't have, you know how things going for you over there?
Yeah, I've been doing the same,
haven't I think?
Yeah, I'm sure sure it's just it's so weird. I I did one of these for the first time yesterday and this is my
second one and that's what you know what we're talking about two, it's just so weird what's going on?
Uh I just found it on a google search. So um my wife is a big spender and I'm not and I was I started saving for retirement later in life and so you know I I just had this thought one night that like yo there's I know those online survey sites, so I started doing some of them and I just kind of put it away to invest and then uh someone you know every once in a while do google search, best survey sites and prolific
came up and yeah it's great, I mean it just pops up and yeah usually if I'm working for will have it on the background check it on a few times a day, how'd you do it?
Yeah, I just found that a couple weeks ago, so that makes it really convenient.
Yeah a lot of my spirit, like
if I'm just sitting around watching cartoons and my daughter, I'll start answering surveys like that. There's a few states that bounce around from but prolific actually my favorite because it's, you never,
you never really,
yeah, it pays well and you know, you know, you're qualified already, you know, that would do that. You know, this one, this is one of the more unique ones that I've ever done that, to be honest with you, I've been doing them Prolific. I'm
about three years now.
It adds up anything
else.
Yeah. You know, I made a couple 100 bucks a month from all this stuff. Yeah.
Yeah, I got like a system
down. It works out pretty well for me. So like I said, I just, I don't want to tell him 70 so I'm going to, but
um, unfortunately live in a really expensive part of the country. And so anyway,
I I work in her, I live in a really expensive part of the country anywhere else. Like we look at our salary and we should be,
you know, we should be living in a huge house and have no worries. And here it's like we're struggling to get by on a middle class existence. You know, it's where I was born though. It's where my family is. No. Oh yeah, I don't want to move yet,
do that
everyone?
No, I live right outside of new york city. Um There's
a little county, it's called Rockland County. Um That's right on the other side of, well there's like White Plains in New Jersey, right next to New york city and we're right outside of that. Um
And I had a
condo on the taxes were about 8500 a year. Uh huh. Yeah. And then all my friends that live in the city, they're trying to get out, they hate it, there's riots there and um people are leaving the city in droves because of everything that's going on there. Um and I mean cost of living like, you know, to live in a studio apartment in the city
is about 2500 a month. So don't do it. It sounds really nice, Don't do it, you know, maybe for a couple of years and don't don't settle down here, It's too expensive.
Yeah, like I said, it's just so expensive here. Um I don't know, it's getting stranger and stranger where I live, has other problems going on now to that. Um There's a lot of, I don't know how to say this diplomatically, lot of racial tensions um with
a particular group and you know from, so in this living in some of its actually founded because the group is actually doing a lot of harm and I don't think it has
anything to do with their cultural beliefs, just what they're doing as a
group and it's causing a lot of problems in my county and surrounding counties. It's gonna get ugly. It's getting ugly, it's been getting ugly. So at some point I'd like to get away from it all.
You know
Hawaii and we went there, my wife and I started dating, we went there, it was the first vacation that ever took. They didn't want to come back from
uh huh And it's it's expensive there too but it's just you know I'm just bucket list why? But we'll probably wind up either somewhere Tennessee or north Carolina or Delaware or something like that. It's a little warmer, a little cheaper, you know? Uh huh, things like that. It's just too expensive to have a family here. Like I said, I'm working two jobs. My wife has a good job and it's, you know, it's a, it's tough. Where after new york, what do you want to do?
So you're at that fun starting out stage.
Okay, that's not too bad. Right,
what type of job are you looking for?
Yeah. A few of my friends are college professor and it's, it's a different type of life, you know? Um my friend that's actually in Tennessee, he was teaching in Germany and then he went to
indiana and it was tough for him in indiana. He actually at that time like later on in life came out and sK and he's like, I'm in the bible belt and mike pence was governor at the time and he's like the conversion, he's like, but it might feel this so small, it's hard to go anywhere else. And then, so he met a guy and who is in Louisville and he's like it's about a two hour drive, it's not that bad. And then he went to teach at Louisville, but he didn't get offered a return position,
so now he's in Tennessee, they had bought a house together in Louisville and they look like, I I think he said it's about a four hour drive, five hour drive. It's like it's pretty far. Um So and I'm like, well what are you gonna do? We just continue a long distance relationship so you know my hat's off to him, you know, it's the life I chose.
Yeah, he likes it, he likes it so Yeah, it's good things you love to do. Mhm.
that's cool. That's got to be a lot of traveling.
No, I'm at that stage where it's like I get to stay home on the weekend, that's great. My my friend posted something the other day, it was like it was perfect for me. He goes my punishment of staying home and
going
to bed early as a kid are my goals as an adult now and I'm like yeah, that sounds about right, that sounds about
Yeah, that's tough. I think it's really tough. I think I would have liked it when I was younger, but you know, I think everyone kind of falls into their niche. You find what you like. Mhm.
I'd love to I'd love to kind of travel on my own terms. My mother in law, she travels a lot for work um short term medical supply company, but she has to set up all
of these um meetings and things like that and events in other parts of the country. So she has to travel with them and and set them up and she's you know she's like well you know at first it's nice to go to las Vegas and it's like you really get like one night out so like have dinner or something you're working, she goes I don't get to these places. Um So yeah I kind of keep that in mind too, you know when I get old, when you know the kids get older we had more time, I'd love to do more
traveling in my life something. Um
I don't know how it feels that someone living in my house for a month or two though, that part would kind of, I don't know, I'm a bit territory.
Uh huh. So but yeah I've heard of that. Um
No I never did much traveling in my life. And then, you know, I met my wife, I mean we went to Hawaii in Aruba Italy in florida and I mean we went on a bunch of trips and you know, we had kids and that pretty much. So we'd like to get back to that at some point. But let's see
life's a tripp. Never really know where it's
going to take you.
The yeah, one of my friends went to school for what you're doing and she works for a
pharmaceutical company. She traveled all over because of that. But she lived in she was in the Netherlands close to Amsterdam if I remember correctly now.
But like has lived there, I don't know how that works because when I you know, I haven't talked to her now probably about seven years because you know, But she didn't speak dutch and she didn't speak japanese. Let's see how she did with that. I don't know. Okay. Mhm.
So are they doing in person class for you guys?
Yeah, that's that's gonna be tough to Uh huh. Mhm.
You know, I almost feel like so much of the college experience was going there, you know, otherwise you could have just done the online learning how it's being taken away. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah, it didn't work out too well for me, so I can't speak on that. I went away for a year was a disaster and I came back home and went to a college here, so I was very immature for my age in college to me six years to get my undergraduate. You have, I can already tell you have a much better head on your shoulders than I did when I was your age.
Uh You know, it's At just one I was I was like 25 or 26, I wanted to be a teacher and I started teaching, I got this great teaching job right out of college and I hated it, like, I hated, it was like fitting, you know, around a round peg in a square hole. And so I had a bunch of friends at that point, there were a lot older than me and you know, I used to always go to them for advice and I went to them and these are guys that were in their forties
and fifties that were established and have families and have businesses and I'm like, you know, I just wish I knew what I wanted to do with my life. And almost all of them told me this exact same thing, like when you figure it out, let me know this way, maybe I have an idea to, and you know, it was kind of at that moment, like, I don't know, I I grew up, my father was a teacher and my grandparents owned a store and that's what they did, like you got a job and that's what you did for 40 years or whatever, and then you retired and that was what to find you, and like, now I'm seeing like, you know, at that point I realized like it's just kind of a journey and you know, so when I stopped trying to figure out like, oh this is what I want to do with my life, it's kind of like this is what I want to do right now, and since then things have gotten so much better and you know, uh worked in the same industry for 13 years now, but um I have like six different jobs each one like you know either you know each one in some way better than the last
you know? Um It's been
great. Yeah
so
um I never know what to expect on a daily basis. You know I also I work for a non for profit and we house adults with developmental disabilities
um at least the division I work and we do a lot but that's what I what I do there and I never know what to expect on a day to day basis. Every day is different. Um A lot of days are just very rewarding,
you know. Mhm. Um People that don't talk to anyone like no I want to talk to chapter
and you know it's like tangible the difference I make because it's you know I work very much on the on the micro level so um you know I get to work with these people
like one I want to actually make a difference
which is awesome. Mhm. Mhm. Um Least favorite part I gotta be honest dealing with the families. Some of them are great um But some of them are very unreasonable and you know it comes back to the psychology that I understand it. Uh You know they built or they want their kids perfect. You're the one that's supposed to fix them. There is not fixing it you know. Um And and that's that's tough like when you're getting blamed for something that is not your fault even trying the hardest and and you know see
you want to fix as bad as them. It's a tough it's a tough pill to swallow sometimes especially when you know it's also now you're getting blamed for not doing something in front of
you know your supervisors
and things like that and it happens all the time and we all understand, but
it's really tough. Um And I get bit all the time, so that's a distant second.
Um Yeah, so but you know, I love what I do. Yeah. Not all fun, but you know, most days it's it's fun. Mhm.
So
Yeah. I took, the first job I took in this field was by accident and I just had a job that I hated.
I absolutely hated. Go come home from that job.
Just
started applying to anything that I thought I would get an interview for and one that like, well come teach life skills to adults and I'm like, well I was a teacher, Maybe it's different
with adults and you know, these people have disabilities, I
had
no experience in the field and I went in and they're like, he's got a master's, we're gonna pay him 1550 an hour. He's going to take it, we're gonna give it to him.
And like I showed up and yeah, I was teaching like bills, but I was like going out and drinking coffee with these guys and like teaching them how to like walk around the town and um, we're listening to music and you know, we're just doing all these like fun things. I'm
getting
paid to like drive around and go to the
mall and
like, It was awesome. And I was 25. I was working with all young females to, which definitely helped. And I'm like, I just, I just have to figure out how to make a living doing this. And yeah, it was, it took
a couple of years, but I figured out.
All right, well, I think our time is up. It was fun.
Good luck with your school.
nice to meet you too.