I don't want a single comment on a single comment saying, oh now I don't believe in love or I thought I believed in love and now now I don't anymore. None of that please. Because we did because we did love each other. We do love each other. And we've talked about everything and last about everything about everything that was all about a month ago already. So confirmed sexual merch asked me in the past, like confirmed bisexual, What does that even mean? I didn't really know how to answer that question. It was like, well it's too funny. I know, I know I'm not what I would say that what I really meant was confirmed. I'm into women. But the thought of confirming whether or not I was interviews never crossed my mind. It was like being into man was just a given. That was it was something I never questioned. I had crushes on boys and date boys altered. Junior high high school. I was actively participated in heterosexuality. So I never even question. And it wasn't until I started exploring sexuality. Not men that like oh this is different if this wasn't supposed to be the entire time. And these alarm bells started to go on with my bed.
Hello? How are you doing?
I'm doing well. Oh.
So
what what? Oh thanks. So what's up in your life?
What do you do?
Oh that's so cool. What field of behavior do you study?
No.
Um I'm actually a college student. I'm about to be in my senior year but I'm studying cognitive studies. Yeah. Um cognitive studies in quantitative methods so.
I'm like learning and memory.
Yeah. I don't meet many people randomly that are um in the same field so that's really cool.
Yes.
Vanderbilt in Nashville. Yeah.
Okay. Like npsu maybe.
Yeah. It's like 45 minutes away.
All
Yeah. So how's lockdown treating you?
good.
I'm
good.
and
Not that. Um So I'm in charleston and they opened up probably a little too fast and so the numbers went way up especially because it's like a big tourist destination. Um And so now they've like rolled things back and it's that we're definitely that weird like people are like it's fine but it's I uh yeah. So you know my family has been mostly trying to stay at home, my dad's not working from home, we're just like doing home improvement projects, that that kind of stuff.
Mhm. It's
the first time like all of us have been home at the same time for a while since I went off to college, so it's nice to have everyone home and bouncing around the house.
All
Yeah. Yeah. Um How did you get into doing prolific?
All
Um It's kind of the same thing actually when I first ended up in lockdown, I um got laid off and I was like, I have money saved up and then, you know, I'm living at home now, so it wasn't like super urgent, but I was like, you know, I might as well try to make some money while I'm sitting at home. Um And yeah, I have found prolific and just been like, do you have the extension?
Yeah. Yeah. I was just like, have it, let it pop up and see what I see what I can get. You might as well make some a little bit of money with my time.
No.
is
well,
Bye.
Oh, wow. Very cool. Yeah.
I
like, I'm always surprised because it doesn't feel like that much, but you know what you're doing like a little bit every day. It really does
That's
all
true.
Sorry. Sorry.
Card?
I can't blame you and looking at moving to new york after I graduate, but we'll see how the economy is doing and all of that.
Not
worth it.
And
Yeah.
Hey,
Another
Yeah. Yeah. Like, you know, while I'm young and can, yeah, like I have to worry about like school kids and I don't know, we'll see I guess.
Oh.
No.
Yeah.
Where
you can move anywhere? Where would you move?
Star.
Um I am kind of open to, I would love to be in a city with excellent public trans. It's like a Big one. Um but you know, or I mean better than what we have here, but I'm open to going where the jobs are and where life takes me. So Okay. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. I have um, a year until I graduate.
Yeah.
Um Probably some like a research position. I might end up going to grad school. Um, and like being in academia, but I want a little bit more time before I commit to something like that.
And
Are
Yeah. It's the, those tough choices.
Yeah. A few friends who work and um like the entertainment industry in Louisville to like um work for like the theater there and stuff like that. I do like the events that derby and those kind of things. Mhm
Yeah. Yeah. They love that. They get to travel all the time, but it's not for everyone.
At
least.
Chief. Yeah. It's another one of those like, yeah, you guys like a different lifestyle, definitely a different lifestyle because you know, you get to sleep in until like 10 o'clock our later, but then you gotta go to work and you don't get off until like 11, 12 or sometimes later depending on what it is. And then you do it all again the next day. You travel, a lot of them will like take time off and tour with the show. So then I get to travel all over. Yeah. You know, like it's really cool. But if you have a family, it's less desirable.
Mhm.
No.
What?
My dad, he's trying to retire soon. Um and his his he wants to do like how swaps you like switch with somebody and then it's like for a month or two. Like, you know, just get to fully live in another city for a while that seems really need.
Yeah, I can't blame you.
Okay.
I
kids,
Yeah. Good outlook. Yeah.
All
wow. That's really,
mm hmm.
Right. Kind of, so we're all moving in. Um so at Vanderbilt, everyone has to live on campus usually. Um and so this semester they like authorized a bunch of people to move off so they could, you know, did identify. Um but we're still moving into dorms and then classes are either, most of them are either like an online class or a hybrid class. So the two of mine are virtual and then three are, I'll only go like once a week or once every other week. Um and that was just like rotate people depending on how big the classroom is. Mhm mhm. Yeah.
Yeah, it's like it's definitely something to adapt to. I'm glad when you get to, I'm glad it's not all online. Listen, mhm. Something rely on. Mhm.
Yeah. I also think a big part of like the learning experience of college is how to live independently and take care of yourself and you know, that you wouldn't get if you were staying home and taking classes.
Thanks um, hoping everything works out. Yeah.
All
You are
listen
Yeah.
What's your favorite and least favorite part of your job?
That's right.
cleaning
no.
I think
I
Come on. Yeah.
Hello?
All
All
Nothing.
Mm.
Difference in the world. Yeah. Oh.
No,
you
are
So
I'm
not
control
You
know
well
shit.
dr
very cool.
Oh yeah you too. Boom.
Thanks. Yeah. Have fun. Good luck with lockdown and all these things. Just treat you
and see you.