Thank you you guys are. That's you got to go. You take a good friend check. That's one. Well look here, flying it. Mm. And then you're gonna, well it doesn't at all. Mhm mm I want you to bulk up 32 to one couple 18 trump. Yeah. Nothing. It's going to check out a table of say to get you to say something. It's the he produced here for the moment. It's um anybody hundreds best practice market talking. Just go to surprise the market. But it was another question. Yeah. A lot of translating. Mm hmm. Yeah, you could, you could talk. Yeah. Yeah, it's crimson when you're like a different number. Yeah. Mhm. Somebody his debt. Oh. Mhm. My mother started don't Oh otherwise we're just gonna if this american of my prepared with your job. But he's okay. He took a harder line the citizens, his cure for confident. But it happens, you know, B to B. C. Who says my japanese vertical in my insect and you're not, we'll give you kevin. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. He did. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Right. Member. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hi.
Yeah. I am good. How are you able to listen to me any
of you?
Oh, that's great.
Yeah.
I'm makeup
mega. Mg H mega Yeah,
I agree. Mhm.
Okay. That's good. But still the last we can now the weekend that started that, you know.
I am from India, but currently I'm in us noted a state you are from, which state
California? Oh, that's good. So how is the weather nowadays there
it's always nice. Yeah, I heard
all that. The rascal still is always good as a good father. Always but never been there there now. Mhm.
that's
pretty good at that.
Already is famous for him. 2nd. Yeah.
Not
not
snow. also it's like pretty good weather there. I think in the winters you must not be having snow over there
one.
Well
hope will be there soon and few coming next year's if my husband will get the project there or I will get the project there who will get come on stay there actually. First from here to florida. We were in Long island in new york. This is the second state visit like brian the U. S.
Yeah, it's very cloudy and but still I am in the Long Island site so it's quite then
That that's one is good. But here also I'm sad now. So killing going it's a Jacksonville. My city is Jacksonville in florida. I think your
music.
Yeah. But very incredible are going nowadays. Like covid cases are going high here and specific condition is coming like in Jacksonville numbers are growing very fast. So all those things will happen. Um those trump rallies and all. I don't know what will happen that time. So.
and 15 and 2015 and like last and and that The month of November December 15 without interesting.
What
do you
do?
brahman is okay.
I'm
not brahman but some of my rules like eating habits and all those go with the brahmans type only. Yeah.
you
can talk
that doesn't matter. There may be some people, some they get educated so they think so, but to me it does not matter. Yes.
It depends on which city or which place you are like. Like if you are in a metro city, the life is very busy like new york and very cloudy. If you are in the small places or towns and it goes like that only. And yeah, so you are from here on the U. S. You have never been moved from Euro country or something.
Yeah.
Good.
Now you are at at the first time only. You are a good place. I know. Me too.
Nothing.
Yeah. We have also hear from around four or five years so we traveled not much but trying to travel so that we can cover and maybe some time we'll be going back to India. So before that it's good to roam about how much we can but still do to work. I'm also working. My husband is also working so we haven't done that much. Probably only new york florida. These states, we have exploded now wherever we have stay. But we were thinking too go to las Vegas and all those things but we haven't done and now the Covid due to Covid we haven't we can't plan also. No but that's all. So you're working from home nowadays.
Mhm.
I
want
you want.
Yeah.
The
computer yeah. Whatever work if we are doing on computer it does not depend that much. Yeah.
the
remaining.
it is
with
with
I get
it.
No.
all I want.
Well
How do
you do
this?
pussy.
I don't know
what.
Reform.
It's really nice to hear this that's we're
working
with us.
I'm
still
Everything.
I used to work in an I. T. Farm. So I am an analyst there.
Uh Information technology.
I do from so I'm working there as an analyst. So my work is also being perfectly from the home. Uh it's good even because we have to take care of and me and my husband out in that means same line he's also 94 but we are in different companies we are working for different clients so it's good pr working good from here even we are working something more hours than it was required because like the work is as if if the work comes and we are not able to do at that time and it's not very urgent. We used to hold it for some time and then we used to do it later as one of us have to take care of the child also as he is nowadays at home so it's going good. Completes are still in nothing. Any loss. They are so it's going good hope they will not open the offices till this hearing I think so they're not open. So, but school is getting issue nowadays that kids schools they are trying to open. I don't know what
Yeah, because it's, I'm not inside. I don't want to take a risk on a case Even especially like mine one is 5 year old. So younger kids means younger kids don't, they don't follow the Things like nicely that washing hands and that time of washing her in 22nd or 20. But uh, all the kids, they used to do the six grade kids and those are pretty much and I mean big and they are sincere but how come they can take the risk on their lemon crackers. I don't understand why they are doing so that the school will be open. Schools will be open it nowadays. I'm getting a bit of attention like why they are going to open the school. Yeah, I'm
worried about that. Let's see what will happen in august because this is the year when this year only my kids will go in the kindergarten. Yeah.
So it's pretty much changes also for him like and I don't know how much he will be taking that much thing seriously that washing hands because it's just a matter of one ticket if one kid will get an infection like flu and all they used to get from school only. So it's just a matter of one I think like if any one of them will get infection of corona and then I think the all kids will be infected but let's see what. Mhm Oh yeah.
Mhm.
It's not possible for the kids to not touch the same things means belong to show
the
I didn't.
The other big
point.
Yes. The businesses are getting open. That's okay. It's up to the people that how will they will take precaution or NEW Restaurant one Restaurant pupils or the bubbles or whatever the other business they are okay. But the kids school is not necessary that much like but let's see what so all your kids are almost big only like high school and big no one is in.
No.
Yeah. That's the same age of my kid. five. Yeah.
That's
it.
Nurse.
Yeah. Last week there last month means in the previous we pick your whatever the last class years than he has there been the zoom only that's okay. That much learning is enough. More thing is to be healthy.
But
We are in such advanced technology where that our kids will never get behind all the apps, all the web sites are so provided like I don't think so that there will be it's going school is it matters a lot but not at the point of risk. I mean we have a risk of health when
the employees were working there. The teachers, they are also of same old ages. So this key job for them too to handle all the kids and the most thing is the flu is coming, flu season is coming in august in september so same same as you are telling that every flu season we all used to get sick. Yeah. Last time also we got sick on, here's my kid and then me and then my husband and every time.
Or.
Third
party,
It's going
to work.
It's actually it's a prosthetic formation to do that. Yeah.
No,
I found this prolific in this timeline. March only I started this prolific. I have not even heard about it with one of my friend told about this prolific and it's a good time to do nowadays as we are at home. So I got a good uh time also and good earning Also I solved with this uh if you uh survey up, I have tried earlier like the branded and uh one survey to go up. But I've never tried these research platforms.
The whole technology.
Room.
That's
it's the
That's a good
idea.
Yeah. This type of video chat I'm doing second time earlier also have done uh With the same better up one only. So that is of the same researcher only. I've done this video chat earlier and this is the third time I have been rescued you with two times my partner ensure. Yeah.
The point I'm I've given the chance. What time last month when we I did I did it was the first time only. I got a response from my partner. So.
It takes a we used to be a bit of time like we have to prepare that things all done and then we are coming and sitting in a room to uh wait for someone to chat and mentally prepared and then nobody is coming. It gives upsetting feelings. So
And we have to charge at least 25 minutes. But maximum I will try to check for 30 minutes would be a safe side. If you agree. Then uh last
Thank
you. five minutes.
Last time I've been around 13 minutes for the safer site. And so
I've started my stopwatch. Let me yeah, it's 23 minutes. Mm
hmm.
What a prolific.
When
I used
to feel good, also after filling these research service, I used to feel good. But the other survey ups which I've tried last year in 2019, sometimes we are doing traveling and all that were not good with. That was just sometimes after being that I used to get irritated because they used to give me 23 points after finishing it. If I'm not qualifying to three points only like survey to go up is there's some apps have downloaded on a phone
but now I used to feel good also that I am giving good inputs for the good cause for the good research kind of thing and it's increasing our knowledge also it's good for me like I Yeah. Yes
wah
that
our personal data is also not is given anywhere else. It's good prolific is a good platform. Which other you a platform your pride earlier. Yeah.
Any other you're not doing with the prolific.
I tried to solve so many there were like uh huh. One on one of that my husband logging but it was not coming any survey. My husband tried to find mr research platform. He came to the conclusion that the research platform is the only one this deformed. And my brother is in the United States, the United Kingdom. I mean London he's so he's also I told him so he's also started doing that. The problem is only but nowadays he's giving me the input like uh he's not getting that much studies as as you see is not getting studies from a week. Only one or two are like totally novel. So I said but I got some means. I think one study almost every day I'm getting today like I got 1 $71. £1.70. Uh Pens today. Yeah.
Thank
you.
Thank
you.
Thank
you.
Like
longer in other places mm.
So
many people are using because the last time the person I charged uh he's from Yeah, me And he was also doing my, I'm the only the second like he was also doing from 8, 9 months. I think he told me so because you guys are from here only know more about these things. We are new, the other immigrants. So we don't know much about these platforms. Maybe this was the reason I haven't tried and earlier, uh, while going office and all the things. Sometimes I even don't think of this. I used to think like, let me find some other source of income also, but I haven't tried much because of the kids. Sometimes I don't use to get them. But now in covid staying at home, give me a lot of time to find homes in the office. Also. Sometimes we don't able to open such websites and people around us used to see what you're doing. Or so it also something hinders me to find. But in March when the lockdown started I think, okay, let me something. So I got this my friend only do I said, okay let me log in And if I'm getting a good response even I have also made 200 around dollars and £200 to
But
you're fighting.
Ball
I didn't come in. Yeah, that's a thank you for that. Yeah. I'll tell him that you can go and check that thing and do more. He's also prince there from 2, 3 areas. So he's also looking for some extra radios like which can give him more. And it's a good thing also to do part time as a job nowadays. He is doing some other things also. But I haven't tried. I didn't know what he told me is like he is doing that child kind of thing from few surveys, he's getting a check And
you do that so he can only 10 or 20 pounds per check like this. So I need to find, find some platforms of USA because he's in the UK, whichever he told me it does not work here. So I'll see if I'll get that. So, so I think, I think earning money is also good means it's just go ahead and check it and that's if you get some points or some direct amount when you get, so.
that's the best thing. Yeah. Our second money.
Yeah, it's pretty expensive. Right? I've been there before coming here for years. We have been there because we are in indiana companies who are, continues to send us a different different clients are all over the world. So my husband was allocated there so I've been there London to around the year and uh
but I like us to be ready frank. I like us more. So it's good that after coming back from there been to India for three months and then we got the project of us the and earlier I was not working but I started working after some time after moving to Jacksonville I started
yes in India I used to work but after coming here I first want to get settled down and then my kid is also younger that time. So yeah
in India I've done I've done means I've I've been working before marriage also and after marriage also have been working there. So nowadays in India getting the 80 degree and the guard doing computer science studies are very common. Oh
everybody wants to learn that and everybody wants to come to us. That's their dream of almost all the buildings. Yeah. That's good to hear for you. But it's a race nowadays. Yeah.
Like
that
where you find.
Mhm.
Well
hope he should. I don't know. I also pray that the such a strong and powerful country should be in the hands of nice person who can take but I hope so God will listen us and we'll do this thing
before.
The way nowadays he's giving the statements about the school is really means I've never been thought so bad for him but nowadays like it is ridiculous. I was feeling really what a man he is like he is doing like this like I used
I used to feel that why this man is doing like this um to us means to the further small kids where he's taking that much of risk. Yes. Given this school point as an issue like a political issue is me. He is next.
New
studies
available
on prolific.
Yeah. I gotta study but it's not turning up.
Come
up with.
No,
not
the app. It's uh I used to open it in the room and I have a that uh that I let me call my husband and tell you
no,
he is
great.
He has set up there's a prolific with the website only he has a downloaded something. It's something
I
can
tell you that. Uh is there anything on the prolific or not?
Yeah. My husband is very much use used to whatever he is into. He used to do a lot of research on like those things like the first I have started but now I'm when he's saying that I'm earning good. So uh he don't use to put much effort in anything earlier. But when is he a good result then he used to get into it. It's a kind of sound sound of prolific to just give me
we have to add on something on the chrome only. We used to let me tell you. I know that I'm not able to tell its name.
Yeah, it's a prolific assistant.
So you can download that and link it with your prolific we have sight usually linked it. I don't know how to link but he know you can google it and then you can come to know whenever there is any study means if in case you're not in front of the screen that time you come to know with that.
Yeah, just google
for that. It's a prolific
assistant.
Yeah, me too. Thank you. Thank you very much. A seven pounder study came but I didn't vote but it always comes like this only like they used to come a little. I mean just to show like C £7 studies there, but it is not for you come like this only it's a seven bomb. I did it. I got just Yeah.
Yeah. But I've never ever done this much amount of money. Only
type advantage. Now this jet I'll get £15. $15 I think. Yeah. Yeah.
I think we have done a good amount of time.
I hope
so.
Disney.
Disney is getting open so let's see. Yeah.
You too. Thank you. Looking nice
to
meet you.