Oh, good. It works. How are you,
pardon?
Yeah, I can hear you fine.
Let me turn it up here. Uh
My name is Jim
Mika.
That's pretty, I like that.
have the day off work today, so it's a good day.
I got a three day weekend. So, so what country are you in?
I'm in California.
Oh, it's always nice here.
it's like,
gotta come. It's like, usually I live on the, excuse me live on the central coast. And so it's, it's, it's near the ocean, so it's pretty mild usually uh during the day gets in the seventies and then in the night it gets into like the fifties. So it's,
it's,
and we don't have humidity here. It's usually pretty dry and there's no insects really rarely. And
yeah, we don't have hurricanes. Ah we don't have ah I mean down there, I think they probably flooding
to
both.
No, it
never snows here, never
snows.
Yeah. I've never been to new york. I don't know if I really want to go to new york. It seems like I'm not really into the big city kind of thing.
yeah, there you go. Yeah.
that's,
that's where trump was supposed to have his uh, a big event.
Yeah, that's a little scary California is not as bad as florida, but it's not very good either. So Mhm. So when did you come to the United States from India? Yeah.
Oh, okay. So you've been, it's been a while. Yeah. I used to work with some folks from India, I think, I think they kept telling me that they were brahman, you know, so that they were, you know, I, I guess that's like the elite cast or something or I don't know if it's elite,
you
know,
well, you know that they're, you know India has the cast because the cast system so and yeah, so they said that they were brahman.
The brahman caste. Yeah.
So
they made it sound like those the brahmins are more educated or something or I don't know, I don't know what it was, but they had they
had
more degrees than I did. So who's who was I to say so?
Well, I mean that must have been pretty busy there though, right? In India, like new york a little bit or?
Uh No, no, I was born in um kind of sent the central coast California and I pretty much have stayed here. I mean I've traveled a little bit but I've never really moved very long away from here so um and
I'm not really a big traveler, I mean I'd like to see places but um I'm not I'm not that anxious to like leave, especially now I don't really want to leave the country and I actually haven't leave, I haven't really left California much just
you know, a handful of times. So.
Yeah. Really? I mean there's nothing I really need to go see. I mean I I you know I'd like to see like the Grand Canyon or I'd like to no um you know just travel around and maybe some different national parks or something but you know
someday. Uh huh.
Yeah, I do work from home, I normally work in an office so it's not um I basically brought home my computer monitors and my computer and and um
it hasn't really changed a whole lot. I mean I I have ah I have a staff and I contact them and we just do video chats all the time and you know most of the stuff we send is through
email
and
you know documents where you know, we can access the network and anyway so it really hasn't affected me fortunately so um Anyway yeah
so I
do
yeah I noticed that a lot of people
are
home though, so maybe the computer networks slows down a little bit because everybody is on it, but I mean that's a minor problem but uh yeah so um yeah I work in a, it's kind of like public health, I mean it's ah in California, it's not it's not as big an in other states. Um Most states have like a, I know if you've heard of the E. P. A. At the federal level U. S. C. P. A. Environmental
protection agency so they they regulate you know the air and the water
and
you know past aside and never stuff like that anyway so so then the states also have environmental agencies that you know that do that similar type of thing. So florida probably I'm sure they have
something
there you
know where they're controlling um you know trying to regulate the quality of the air and the water and stuff. And so California is kind of a in the nation is basically a leader in this area.
They're very proactive in California, California said a lot of their own rules that are more stringent than the federal rules. And then a lot of the states will go we'll follow California because you know we like where California is going. So California really aggressive in this area. So I work in a work in the kind of the air pollution area, air quality area.
So in California they've divided the state up into these different districts there. Um
They're
kind
of they're kind of like counties but
some of them are bigger like L. A. Is parts of four counties, you know and and san Francisco
is parts of six counties.
Yeah so these are big areas and and then and they basically control the air pollution, the air quality in those areas. So so I work at one of those places on the central coast And um I've been doing it now for 30 years. Well I mean really I guess about 32 years and it's been a long
time but so so California's really aggressive at trying to clean up their you know the air quality air pollution. And uh so it's been interesting work So I do that and
we're
doing a good thing
Yeah so we're you know it's like public health, you know we're because a lot of that stuff will I mean we like recently with July four there was all the fireworks and we noticed that the air pollution was horrendous and and people
were you
know a lot of that was right on the ground level right where people are just living blowing into their homes and and so that was you know that kind of a thing. But I mean we we look we're looking at all kinds of air pollution issues, I mean there's just not fireworks, I mean there's
you know you look at cars and businesses and and um anyway you name it, we look at it and uh so it's pretty interesting work. What kind of work do you do,
What kind of firm?
Okay. And I I O. I. T. Yeah I. D. From.
Yeah. I think that would be a mistake actually.
I think.
wow.
Well I have ah I have a total of six Children and I have um
well let's see the ones that junior high and then two are currently in high school and then the rest are older. But I you know from experience the kids go to school and we always get sick at home. Once the kids go back to school it's like summer's over school starts we all get sick. You know our there's winter break they go back to school, we get sick. You know it's because I think kids are just really natural carriers of all the diseases.
and
they don't they don't wash their hands, they don't, you know, and they're always picking their nose or their always, you know, rubbing you know that it's just impossible. So I think I think if anything needs to stay closed, I think it's schools, you know, it's one thing to open up, you know, restaurant or something that I don't know, but but schools are just,
it's
gonna be this huge
spike.
Yeah, the youngest is um is uh 13. Um
and then all this is 32, so a pretty big range. So um yeah, no one's going to college this year. Yeah, to to or beyond college age basically and one in college and then to in high school, one in junior high. So um yeah, so I gotta I gotta jump start on you a little bit. But yeah, I mean the kindergarten years are fun, you know those are I actually have two grandkids too. So they're they're about that age ones, ones 516 Mhm. Ah
but they you know with with the technology now, I mean they they're given you know tablets basically at work, I mean school and so they can do the school or from the tablet, I mean and they do the zoom call, you
know, with the class
and and so it's like it's a little bit of um you know. Yeah, I agree. It's unnecessary that they
actually have to go in.
Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right.
Yeah. Yeah. They're not going to get that far behind if they're not in school for in a few months.
I agree.
Yeah, I get the flu shot every year and every year I got the flu shot, I get the flu. You know, I get sick right after getting a flu shot and I'm not supposed to work that way. But yeah, I think also the uh you know the I think the danger to is that so many people are getting sick from covid with, they don't have symptoms. You know, they're asymptomatic. And so recently, you know I have we have in our office, we have, I don't know, half a dozen people
that actually go into our office. It's kind of like a skeleton crew. You know, they just just a few people that have to go in there. And so one of the people in there um turns out there they're friend has coronavirus, but they didn't show any symptoms. But but so then so now one of our workers was exposed and is now home quarantining. But um he's getting
tested
but you know, he just interacted
with,
you know, six people in the office and so now all of them are freaked out because they're like, oh no, you know, you know, well now they've got to wait and see what happens, you know? So I I think if once we all get back in the office is gonna, you know, it's gonna be kind of like the classroom, we're all going to get sick, you know? So,
so have you been doing this prolific program for a while or the or use or using some other kind of app to get here? I mean,
I, I guess.
Yeah. I've tried a few and I think none of them are as good as, as I've seen on prolific, prolific doesn't have all the ads and it doesn't have any games and it's just, it's just like you, do, you know, some survey that seems legitimate,
You know, it's coming from a college or something and, and uh, okay. So they, you know, they want to know your opinions on Covid or your opinions on the politics, our opinions on, you know, religion or whatever it is. And, and uh, and then they pay you pretty much like right away and it's, you know, it's in pounds, which is no big deal. I mean it goes my Paypal and it gets converted. I've been doing this for a year now and I've
made, um, yeah, I've done it a year and I've done About, I think I've done 500 surveys
and I've
I think I've made about, I haven't actually transferred that money yet. It's still sitting in Paypal, but I probably made, I don't know, $600 or something or
That's
not much.
Yeah.
Yeah. You seemed a little happy when all of a sudden somebody showed up there. I can tell it's like oh good somebody showed up.
Yeah. And I saw it's only like a dollar 50 if you're just waiting for nothing. But I think it's like $15 if you and yeah
Um maximum how much 40 you
said?
Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah that was the minimum 25. Right.
Yeah. So I think we logged in at three. Yeah I think it's been about 23 minutes.
Yeah.
Anyway I've
I found that it's you know it doesn't somebody surveys are pretty quick there a minute, two minutes and you know if I'm just I'm sitting there looking at the news it's like okay I can do a survey for a minute and you know and then we'll go
back to the news
or something.
Yeah.
Well I think some of these surveys are to me they seem legitimate. It's like, you know, Duke University or Princeton University or stanford
or something. You know, it's like, okay, you know, these are real college students that are actually trying to do something. It's not, it's not some kind of a, you know, a game to try to get my personal information and then then email me back, you know, advertising. I don't know what they're gonna do with it. But um, so I, I found that it seems pretty safe. Yeah.
So
I don't remember all of them actually. Uh, I can't remember him. I I just tried it really briefly and then just got rid of them. So
No, I'm not, I'm just doing prolific.
I noticed that they show up a lot early in the morning, like, um, so on the west coast, I mean it would be, you know, maybe five o'clock in the morning or something. A lot of them show up and a lot of them show up I think on Mondays too, it's like the researchers come back to school or their, you know, are there back, not at school, but they're starting their school work or
something or their work
on a monday and then the surveys come out and um, so I usually will look in the mornings, you know, and uh, I just, whenever
I'm free
I just, I'll just open
up the
app. Okay. Nothing there close it, you know, so I'm not always just waiting on it, but sometimes from doing it on the computer, I have it open as a tab and then a little number will show up, you know, number one, it's like, oh, they're running out. I'll go over to that real quick. Sometimes you got to be really fast. You know, sometimes it's like, You know, 15 people, you know, or six people left.
And I was like,
Yeah. So I don't know. I wonder how many people are actually doing and it seems like quite a few.
But
Okay. Yeah. I think maybe also the more you fill out of that, I, I don't know if it's, you're not, but you know, when they ask about me, you know, you talk and I have to answer the questions. I think the
more
information you. Yeah. So I think the more you tell them about yourself are willing to share that may open it up to more surveys maybe. So your brother, I think he was a brother you were talking about in in London. Maybe he didn't tell them anything about
himself and maybe possibly.
Well,
Well I like prolific just pays me money. You know, it just, no, I don't I don't earn tokens or don't earn credits or you know, it's like you're gonna pay me cash. Okay. Great.
Yeah. Well, I'm sure in London it's pretty expensive to live there,
That.
Yeah. Do you have like an I. T. Degree or computer science or something?
makes sense.
sure.
Well, I mean USA is
not as
popular
now with uh current
president, but who knows? Maybe things will get better here soon.
Sure hope so.
Right. Yeah. I feel I mean your your
your child is probably more mature than our president you know, so Yeah, that's sad.
What is it? Uh
Well yeah and I've read I read enough stories now where everything he does, it's motivated on how it impacts himself, it's all about himself. It's
all me, me me
he's
ready.
Oh, it tells you there's new studies available. Oh, how do you get that set up? Mine doesn't do that.
Yeah, but how do you get audio to to say that? That's where
did you
set up in prolific the app
to tell
you?
That's okay. It's fine.
I'll uh
I'll
play
like an
add
on,
wow, you guys are clever.
Take an ad add on or something or uh
that's okay.
Yeah. Extension. Okay. Yeah.
Yeah. I'll try I'll look for that
security.
Okay.
Yeah. Okay. Got it. All right. Well, it's been a pleasure talking with the media. I ah
Well that's good. That's a lot of money.
Yeah. $15.
Yeah. I will buy a nice meal. So.
Yeah, I think so. I gotta make a phone call anyway. So anyway. Well it was it was nice to meet you and I wish you well in florida, hopefully you don't get the coronavirus because they will
stay safe
down
there.
All right. We'll take care of yeah.
bye
bye.