SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Please. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Hey, what's up
SPEAKER_R: yeah, how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: after that? How about you,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Sam here,
SPEAKER_L: have you done one of these before?
SPEAKER_R: is there? You have it?
SPEAKER_L: I have I was asking have you?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I have done one to just one. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I've done like a handful now, but how is the one you do?
SPEAKER_R: Um It was, it was interesting but it was good.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's a good way to put it. It's always interesting. But yeah, I haven't had any any bad ones either. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: What's your name by the way? I think I usually like forget to ask.
SPEAKER_R: I'm kelly what?
SPEAKER_L: I'm I'm krista,
SPEAKER_R: Nice. Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: what are you up to today? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: much. What brings you to prolific.
SPEAKER_L: You know I've been with you, I started with it in like high school um Just out this one kid, the kid who sat in front of me in spanish class was like he had all these different ways of making money online and he would talk about him and I was like especially as a broke high school kid, I was like wow this sounds fantastic.
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: even have to go. And especially
SPEAKER_R: What am I?
SPEAKER_L: with the jobs available as a high school or to, it's like, I don't think scoop ice cream or like bag groceries or whatever. Like you sit on my couch so you're talking about it. And I signed up and I've been on it for like, that was like, so I'm a senior in college now. So that was like junior year, sophomore year of high school. It's kind of in a long time.
SPEAKER_R: Sounds cool. That's awesome. I didn't even know that. It's been around that long, so that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: What about here?
SPEAKER_R: I just barely started a few months ago. I just saw on Reddit, I was like oh that's cool. Also.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's definitely like you find in like the, the beer money so I'll read it. Yeah. People,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, they always have something nice to say about prolific. I think it's like the most consistent thing out there by far. At least that I've had lower
SPEAKER_R: you tried
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: you what?
SPEAKER_L: It's like pretty low effort to Do you have like, uh, have you seen like there's a browser extension you can get, yeah, I'm talking about so I
SPEAKER_R: how do you get it?
SPEAKER_L: are you using chrome? Oh yeah. So if you go to the like extent, just google it's called prolific assistant. If you pull that up should just give you Oh yeah, yeah, yeah yeah prolific assistant. It'll change. I mean like when you're doing it right now you just like have a tab open and it's like excellent pops up there and you take it or what's the deal?
SPEAKER_R: Oh sorry what did you like? What did you mean?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So like what the extension does is like, I don't know if it right now. Do you just have a tab open like normally and then you see like the number pop up forever? Okay. Yeah. So this like basically takes that out of the equation. I mean like to a certain extent. So it like checks the page every I think like a minute is the shortest interval you could say, well check it every minute. And then if there is a study, this is my favorite part is uh, so it will alert you, it'll be like, you consider it as a voice and the voice will be like a new study available on prolific. And it's just like,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: it's so funny to hear that and it's like every time you do, it's like where you know, Yeah, after he saves the hassle happen to like just double check until like you missed something. So I highly recommend it. Yeah, it's been a
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: game
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: changer.
SPEAKER_R: that? Yeah, that sounds 16. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's cool. Yeah. It's hard.
SPEAKER_L: What? Uh are you in America?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What about you,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. What, what state deal with that?
SPEAKER_R: Arizona right now. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm in Illinois like Chicago.
SPEAKER_R: Oh cool. That's awesome. How do you like it?
SPEAKER_L: I like it a lot. So I go to school up here. I'm like originally from the suburbs, like an hour away. So like where I live, like where I'm from, it's probably close enough to where if someone who doesn't know like the towns around Chicago asked me, I could just say like I'm from Chicago or whatever and like that would be fine. Like that would slide. But if you try that with somebody from Illinois, then like they'll be able to see right through it. Like you're not like where I like to lie, I'm from playing. My hometown is pretty small. I think it's like right on the border, like civilization to be honest. It's like already half cornfields and then five minutes down the street from my house. It's just like completely like it's farm town. So I think it's just like uh it feels really different like being in the city, but at the same time if I want to come back home, like it's got only an hour away, so I'd like to have that option.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's nice. So you've been there then your whole life sort of thing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I'll annoy my whole life. What about you? You've been in Arizona?
SPEAKER_R: Um I lived for a long time in like Seattle area and then the Salt lake and now I'm in her vagina.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Did you like go away for school or something or? Um
SPEAKER_R: yeah grew up in Washington and then I was like, you know 20 years old, I was like I got to get out of here so it's Salt Lake and uh
SPEAKER_L: How is that holly?
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: Never ever been out there.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's interesting mm
SPEAKER_L: Utah That's cool. Yeah. Get out and see different things and Arizona, How that happened like work
SPEAKER_R: School
SPEAKER_L: school again. Yeah. Are you like uh like a big city in Arizona or?
SPEAKER_R: Mesa, you know Mesa like
SPEAKER_L: that? That's good. That's not what I'm thinking right now about because it's like first semester, senior year. So like time to start looking for my planning, my grand school or anything. Like I'm looking at full time jobs and I have one offer right now. It's in Virginia. So like, I'm not sure what to do about that. I don't know if I want to go that far.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Um what are you studying?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in computer science. So like, I'm
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: looking at like software development rollers I guess. So it's nice because like there's a lot of options, but it's just like hard right now, I guess to try and find something.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, totally. Especially like in office types of whatever. All right.
SPEAKER_L: in Arizona are like, is that thing still like work from home? All that?
SPEAKER_R: Um it's not actually it's opening up a lot more.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like you get to go in, you get to go into office or everything. That's nice.
SPEAKER_R: it's still just like wear your mask whatever, but people can go up. What about what about there?
SPEAKER_L: I think like as far as jobs go, every workplace is being pretty cautious. So like they're still remote everything. But most other things you can go and do, like restaurants, everything bars there. I mean with restrictions are open, but you can still, like, I'd say that most things you want to do right now you can go and do um to a certain extent. So it's not like, yeah, I think, I know florida is like, you can kind of, you can do whatever you want. Um It's just weird thinking that like within the same country we're in all these different worlds.
SPEAKER_R: I know it's crazy. Do you have to wear masks there where you go or? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So pretty much everywhere. Honestly, I kind of think of anywhere where you don't um I might be like, I'm not sure if it's, I don't like restaurants and stuff, it's mandatory but other places I'm not really sure. I just stopped trying to pay attention to all this. Honestly it's gotten too amusing. I just
SPEAKER_R: it's getting,
SPEAKER_L: want it over. What do you do for work? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I don't work right now so I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: am.
SPEAKER_R: do prolific.
SPEAKER_L: I actually did like something happened with uh the pandemic.
SPEAKER_R: Um no, like I had a business for a while and now I'm just like I can't do it so I'm just that kids,
SPEAKER_L: Was that?
SPEAKER_R: I'm just at home with kids
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hold it there.
SPEAKER_R: a six and a two year old.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. That's cool. That's cool. Is the six year old school about everything?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, she's in school so
SPEAKER_L: That's good. Yeah. I have a little brother, not that little, he's a junior in high school, but even him, like they obviously switched like right when everything happened and then they were like all throughout the summer, they weren't sure whether they were going to go back or not. And they actually started like fully remote. And like, I I don't know if what I would have thought in his shoes, but he was definitely saying like, I definitely want to go back, you know what I mean? Like you think that at school, you know like they don't really care, but at the end of the day it's like you get to see your friends all the time, like, no matter what age you are like, even all my classes are their online, like everything and it's just like, it's just a draining, it's like
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: we can
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: bury a minister.
SPEAKER_R: you like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: don't move, you have to like sit in front of the computer. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's just like you're in a trance the whole day. I just like clicking in and out of different zoom rooms. It's such a dreary, it's so boring. Like
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: I really want to just pick up my stuff and have to go somewhere,
SPEAKER_R: we have,
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: that's bad. You open,
SPEAKER_L: What's that?
SPEAKER_R: do they have like an open date for your school?
SPEAKER_L: Uh No, not right now. I think my school especially it was like super inconsistent with their messaging because like I'd like the halfway point of the summer, we did think we were going to come back at least like halfway they said. So like, I don't think he even got as far as explaining what that would mean, but to me it meant like, like my little brother right now, he goes every other day, so like three days a week, he's in school and then they go to work at home. So it seemed like it was gonna be something like that. Like it sounds like half the class comes in and they just take turns or even just like half takes a class online and have taken in person or whatever, but like at least some component was going to be in person. Um And then like a week and a half after that, they just like walk that all back there like actually psych and that made so many people mad because like
SPEAKER_R: what's the harm older?
SPEAKER_L: I mean a lot of people were waiting to like sign leases and stuff until they heard whether or not they actually needed to be like you know on campus or anything. And so in that like short window where they said we're doing it and then like actually no like that's when a bunch of people like panic sign something and so those are people I feel the worst for. I was yeah me and my roommate were we were locked in early and so I really wanted to come back here but they definitely didn't make their already making a lot of people angry just before that. So it only gets worse. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think,
SPEAKER_L: I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Especially up here. Like I think I don't know, people looked like 2021 they're like let's just get it over 2020 and like things will be better. But I don't know. I'm not that optimistic. I wish I was I would absolutely love to be
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: with you there. I'm like it it's I don't see it getting better like Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I just wish you could go back like a year before today. Just
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: like we were naive. It was so easy.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: You go and do things like I don't know, I haven't like going to the movies again. I don't know when the next time like I feel cool doing that
SPEAKER_R: You know, seriously?
SPEAKER_L: and we're just stuck. What a bummer.
SPEAKER_R: You know, it's going to be interesting like in a year from now looking back and being like, you know what?
SPEAKER_L: How it will have to be better like I mean I just feel like they can't get that much worse, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know.
SPEAKER_L: Um Well it's just so interesting like I think this is the type of thing where like you hear like in high school we'd reached thing about like a big event like this in history class and I wonder like what is it like to grow up in the middle of that and now that we're in it, it's just I realized that maybe it's not as fun to Yeah, I don't want to be historic or anything. I just want to live my life. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I thought that same thing. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Even watching anything on netflix or whatever, what should go to? Where do you switch around?
SPEAKER_R: So right now I'm starting shits creek. I don't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: if you
SPEAKER_L: really good things about that. Honestly. I've never like I haven't watched myself.
SPEAKER_R: really, I recommend it. Mm
SPEAKER_L: How far in are you?
SPEAKER_R: Just season two.
SPEAKER_L: Uh What's like the, what's it about? Honestly I don't know anything about it besides that. People like it.
SPEAKER_R: Um so it's about like this rich family and the dad is like going through this like lawsuit thing. They end up losing like all their money and so way back like 20 years before he had purchased this like land city thing. So they were forced to move to this this tiny little town thing and they're like rich people that
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, then I have nothing.
SPEAKER_R: with like the yeah, totally different side of how they're used to living. It's just really funny. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'll definitely,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I throw it on my list. My list only gets bigger. Like I saw knocking things out, but at least I have the list. I thought
SPEAKER_R: With what
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: been
SPEAKER_R: you like?
SPEAKER_L: I've been watching a lot of game of Thrones. Like I completely missed the boat. I don't know if did you watch it? And that was the thing. Okay, this is great. So I was like, by the time I like caught on that, like there's definitely something to this. It was already like the last season, Like that's when there was like P type, it felt like. And so at that, at that point I'm like every episodes an hour long and there's like six seasons to catch up on. Like what's even the point? Like it's going to take me forever. Like I'll just sit this one out, right? It can't be that great, is what I was telling myself. And then I finally started watching it with my roommate this year, like this semester basically. And oh my God, I was so wrong. I was wrong. Is insane.
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: I couldn't uh it's not like
SPEAKER_R: program
SPEAKER_L: I kind of have taken a couple of days off just to like do
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: respond the responsibilities, but oh my gosh, if I sit down to watch an episode, it's going to be like two or three minimum. Is that good?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It is. I totally agree. Um Where are you? What season?
SPEAKER_L: I I just finished so I just watched like the red wedding episode got blew my mind ballot even more than people
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: were saying were messed up when like they killed rob or know how to run. Not at the beginning. And like I was but at the same time it's like okay this is one guy and like they've given me a lot of other options to pick from, like they'll just pick it up with somebody else. But that was like, this is everybody I
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: really don't laugh. And like the most, the ones that I like, I like rob might have been my favorite. He had his he wasn't perfect, but he was my favorite and I was just gone. Or uh what has happened Also like to it's at the part where like Dion keeps getting tortured. We like to pretend like he's going to get like freed. Not really. You're kidding. It's like you were still here and I'm like, I'm starting to feel bad for him. I know he probably deserves it felt like it's getting tough to watch. I don't
SPEAKER_R: It gets
SPEAKER_L: hate that bad. I liked in towards the beginning. Mhm. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's like three might be I think I season three somewhere in there. So like the fact that all that's already happened and there's like that's not even halfway through. Disclose my mind I'm looking forward to. Right? Yeah I'm trying to pace myself so gotta ration it out. Right?
SPEAKER_R: I didn't watch season eight is the last one. Season eight? I think.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That sounds familiar.
SPEAKER_R: I did not watch that one.
SPEAKER_L: You know wash it doesn't
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: really get that much worse. Like what do you stop because you were tired of it or what happened?
SPEAKER_R: so I watched it on. Yeah. Water was, but I don't remember why, but for some reason I had to wait for it to come out a little bit and I was like whatever, you know? And then then I started seeing people say like don't watch it and stuff. So I'm like, okay, I'm not watch it. Then it kinda came across the spoiler and I was like, okay, well, I'm really not going to watch it.
SPEAKER_L: At that point yeah that makes sense. Yeah. I heard a bunch of people saying like it gets I don't know even I probably like power through at the same time. It's like it's such a big time commitment to be disappointed at the end but if it's worth the ride then I guess that's okay. We'll see. Yeah, I know a lot of people, a lot of my friends were watching the ending and they made sure not to spoil it, which like I told them like it's fine, but in hindsight, I'm glad I didn't and yeah, they just weren't happy. That was the one big takeaway. But whatever, it's a long way until they're I think they said like, maybe a season five or something is where it starts to really cool down, but who knows? Whatever.
SPEAKER_R: mhm. Hopefully hopefully you continue to like it so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, fingers crossed. So far. So good. I mean, it's definitely testing me at the same time. It's like, I want to keep watching. That's the bit that me, like, I'm gonna miss rob and the whole Stark Squad, I guess, but it'll get better. I want to see what happens next, we'll see what happens.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Did you ever watch like Breaking Bad or anything? Right.
SPEAKER_L: Breaking That was probably like the first show that I watched all the way through. It took me a while to like give another show a chance to after that, because I was like, I'm already like, this is as good as it gets to me and it was just like anywhere else I go. I downgrade you
SPEAKER_R: felt like,
SPEAKER_L: want to. Oh my God, that was crazy. Did you try to watch Better Call Saul?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I did. I only watched like the first episode and I was like, I don't know, did you watch?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, me too. I just felt like it seemed like it would get good eventually but I wasn't willing to sit through like all these
SPEAKER_R: Back
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: Room?
SPEAKER_L: loitering episodes, it wasn't even the exciting lawyer. And it was like he just him doing the boring lawyer stuff, like just scenes of him like doing paperwork and I was like okay this is like, do I really like the franchise this much? Like it's not it's not worth it.
SPEAKER_R: It wasn't
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: that show just kind of disappeared.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, definitely quieted down. I mean especially because it was like it was happening before the main show so it's like alright if
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: it's gonna and I just see it happening where like he like it ends when he meets walter or something. But like so it's like you already know how it's gonna go. I don't know it was just not
SPEAKER_R: was,
SPEAKER_L: the same. Did you watch the movie The Breaking Bad Movie?
SPEAKER_R: the movie,
SPEAKER_L: There was a movie right? I swear there like on netflix may be on the track.
SPEAKER_R: it probably is. I have no idea
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: it was about maybe it wasn't like I don't know if they called it the Breaking Bad Movie or not but it was about like what what Jesse did after that like a glass episode basically.
SPEAKER_R: well I suppose kind of familiar
SPEAKER_L: It's called Okay it's called El camino. A Breaking Bad movie. I think it is on netflix. Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: should turn it up. I watched it. It was like I'd say it was worth the wash. I liked it at the end. It's not like like last episode like level thrilling or anything. But it's just like if you like the characters besides well obviously like and then I think you're gonna like it. Yeah that's a good one. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: that's for the best. So who's out? And that's pretty good. That sounds worth watching.
SPEAKER_L: I even thought about like it's been such a long time since I watched the main thing like going back and just re watching it from the beginning. I usually don't re watch shows like that. Like I'm one of those people who like put on the office just like I read an episode and like just let that be in the background. But besides that like I usually just watch things one time and went down with that.
SPEAKER_R: You too?
SPEAKER_L: I watched uh this one show you heard of avatar? The last Airbender? Yeah that was pretty big on netflix to watch that this summer
SPEAKER_R: it was
SPEAKER_L: down earlier.
SPEAKER_R: Super good. Have you watched the uh sorry, the next one?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The Legend of Cora.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, Legend of Cora Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm going through that one with my brother. Actually I would like every once in a while we'll just like eat dinner and watch a couple episodes. Yeah that one I like it because like I definitely wanted more. I feel like there one time on the episode of the original one. It's like it's definitely it's own show which I like to um I don't know if it's as good but like I tried to compare him I think it's like that shit. If you like watch the first season basically and you like it then you'll be good to go. But have you seen him do that
SPEAKER_R: I actually just started it. I mean
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: I've seen the Latin Airbender um thing is actually kind of funny because like I found this like full site that like had it on there. It's like some anime site or something. Um And then as soon as I finished well on it it's like okay the of course uh but now I just barely started the Legend of Cora and I think I'm only two or three episodes in
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like the first season especially liked a lot. What do you think of the ending of the avatar?
SPEAKER_R: Gosh, I'm trying to even remember what happened. I'm really bad at remembering
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: So I could refresh you if you want. He like uh so they meet up with the Fire Lord or whatever. Uh he basically like has the chance to like and things. And so the way he does is just like taking the dudes bending and so like at that point he's like neutralized and then they won. And then now he gets with like to Tara and Zuko becomes the Firelord. There's all that like end of show stuff. I'm not sure. I kind of forget some of it. But I think that Zuko and Qatar are meant to be together. That was my one big takeaway that I was like, this isn't right. It was so obvious. They just came and gave it to us. I don't know. I like that the episode before the last one, I don't remember that one were like, he goes missing and goes missing. He's like on the Big Lion Turtle
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: and he's like basically tripping. I don't know what he's doing. He's like talking to all the other avatars. I thought that like I know it's a kids show, but I thought that was like the fact that he was like so deep in thought and he's like, I don't know what to do. Like I don't want to kill the guy and then one of the average charges like, like you gotta do what you need to do whatever. I thought that that meant like like it was it was over for the Fire Lord because I was like Angus and want to do something, but because he's the avatar, he's gotta like compromise what he believes in for like the greater good. I mean what he did work and like I'm totally for that, but at the same time I was like, I was just expecting something different. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I'm like I'm sorry, I'm totally trying to remember what happened. Okay. The Fire Lord. Okay. Yeah, I remember.
SPEAKER_L: I can rewind. I probably went through that.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, it's sorry. I'm just like OK, the Sun, the Fire Lord's son that was you said some super, was it? Oh my gosh, I'm so bad at remembering. Sorry.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's okay.
SPEAKER_R: How did they take the Firelord down?
SPEAKER_L: He so like manning basically fought for a little while, like half the last episode and then he had anything on the ropes, but then he does like the whole avatar stating and like he comes back and so that he has in at a point where like he can kill him if he wants to. That's pretty much the only thing you expect to happen when he just like pulls this trick out of nowhere, where he just like puts his hand on his head and takes his bending away.
SPEAKER_R: On
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: second.
SPEAKER_L: like it accomplishes the same thing, right? Because he's not
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: threatening more, but it was just like the
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: only you didn't know that you could do that is the thing,
SPEAKER_R: mm Yeah the kids feel like they can't really kill him but you know
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: before
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: they do not.
SPEAKER_L: here to help here. Have
SPEAKER_R: Ally.
SPEAKER_L: I guess correct?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Such a good show. Love it.
SPEAKER_L: Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Keep
SPEAKER_R: Had.
SPEAKER_L: on. Or or is definitely good? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Have you watched like any um I'm not a big fan but there's a show called Death Note.
SPEAKER_L: I've heard about it yeah. I've never watched it myself. What's like what's to be honest there
SPEAKER_R: Amazing. So I recommend that one.
SPEAKER_L: the thing about like I would totally love to get into one because like it seems like they all have like 1000 episodes and so it's like it's just perfect like you'll never end. Have you watched like is that true for Death Note to other that many episodes?
SPEAKER_R: No it's pretty short I think two or three seasons almost like there's really no not many.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Is that on netflix or like I know they have those sites where you can just watch for free.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's on netflix so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I want to check it out. I've seen the one on netflix. I always scroll past and like I never actually washed but I thought it looks cool is like attack on titan. Have you seen that?
SPEAKER_R: I love that one. You have to watch it if you like gory stuff. I don't know if you do. It's amazing.
SPEAKER_L: I just like the picture of like the like the giant monsters outside. I don't know something about that. Just like, you know, it's going to be from the begin.
SPEAKER_R: it's such a good show. Good story. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think my brother
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: was telling me he was going through a couple episodes. So
SPEAKER_R: Transport.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I got some good options here that I like that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What else do you like to do?
SPEAKER_L: I see. I'm a I'm a big like soccer fan. I'd say that's like the biggest, Yeah, I play it. I'll watch it probably too much. Honestly. Like I when I needed to be doing other things, I just bought the new FIFA video game,
SPEAKER_R: I'm nice.
SPEAKER_L: so that's going to take up an unreasonable amount of my time. Okay. Yeah, definitely. That definitely. That what about you,
SPEAKER_R: that's some really cool um I have a lot of video games and I like music. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: have you ever played, have you ever played an instrument? Which one? Right.
SPEAKER_R: um drums right now is like what I played for a while, so.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, right, now. So what other ones have you done?
SPEAKER_R: Oh I played piano like growing up and then I played trumpet in school.
SPEAKER_L: I'm actually really jealous because like, okay, I have this keyboard here and like the story behind that is like I've had it for like two years. I think I bought it maybe not two years, I think I bought it last summer. It feels like two years ago because of this year. But I think I bought it last summer and I was like, I just want to learn how to play piano. I think you'd be cool. I have no musical bones in my body whatsoever. But like it felt like there's a lot of acts like there are resources to learn piano. So I'm like, somebody like me as hopeless that I might be, could figure it out, right?
SPEAKER_R: there is a lot now. Good resources and absent stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, exactly. Um So I'm like, you know what, I'm going to keep telling myself you want to learn it. I need to just like make the leap by the thing, like just having it sitting there, like looking at me all the time, like I'll have to practice, right? So I bought it and yeah, like I said I was last year and like, I would mess around with it every once in a while. But I think something that I've definitely realized is that I'm somebody who needs like, I need a reason to keep up with something even if I want to do it. I don't know. I feel like I need some sort of like structure or something like that for this. I feel like I need like a class, right? We're like, I need to be accountable and have like deadlines, you know, a reason to like practice semi consistently.
SPEAKER_R: What,
SPEAKER_L: And so my school actually turned out they would have classes. So I was like, all right, I'll have this to like practice at home and then I'll take like the class at your school. And that'll be my way of like keeping up with it. And so I finally got into it this year, the semester and we don't get to use the big keyboards so for the big piano, like the real one. Um But it worked out because now I had this guy and they actually needed us to all by keyboards and so now twice a week for an hour and 15 minutes at nine 9 45 in the morning I'm sitting here and I'm learning piano and it's actually been a lot of fun.
SPEAKER_R: wow, cool. That's a lot of time.
SPEAKER_L: It's honestly, especially this semester like I said like I needed the structure and now that I've had to figure it out, like our professor especially makes this play like once a classes like just a little bit even so having to like you know perform in front of other people even though it's over zoom. Like that's pretty weird. But we have to like just show our piano is basically over the camera. But it definitely keeps me on top of things. And like just that alone has kept me um improving. It seems like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's cool. That's awesome. They'll probably
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: look quickly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, definitely. How long did you play?
SPEAKER_R: Oh probably like only three years or so. I was like a kid
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: just have like a like a piano teacher or something like lessons. Well what was that like what was your teacher like? I'm always curious to hear that.
SPEAKER_R: Um I don't know, she was just like kind of this like lady that taught out of her house you know and uh she was good but
SPEAKER_L: Was she like nice or like always picture someone like I guess I strict. I don't know. Maybe not. But like borderline mean? You know what I mean?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no she's really nice.
SPEAKER_L: That's kind of what I wanted for myself. When I when I signed up for the class too, I was like I need somebody to be like looking over my shoulder like staring me down like so I can do this thing and then that way the pressure will motivate me. So I was a little bit bond not to get that. But you know what, having the the zoom class. It's a close second I would say because there's like 30 people in there now. They could like open it up since it was like you don't use the school's equipment. And so I know that when I perform if I mess up they're going to hear. So I think that is me.
SPEAKER_R: I'm scared.
SPEAKER_L: Keep on top of it. Yeah. Mm
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, I think we hit our time here. I don't want to take up any more of your day here. Um You should definitely check out that breaking Bad movie though. I think that
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: ask if I didn't know that existed and I found out about it. I'll be very excited. It's definitely watched. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: I'll definitely check that out. You should check out those other shows.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I will. Yeah. Was animated. She's create. I think that's that that might be number one on my list. Yeah. Thank you for the recommendation.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: All right then you take care
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You too. It's nice meeting you.
SPEAKER_L: you too. Bye bye.