yeah, how's it going?
Yeah. Sam here,
is there? You have it?
Oh yeah, I have done one to just one. What about you?
Um It was, it was interesting but it was good.
What?
I'm kelly what?
Nice. Nice to meet you.
much. What brings you to prolific.
with
you?
What am I?
Sounds cool. That's awesome. I didn't even know that. It's been around that long, so that's cool.
I just barely started a few months ago. I just saw on Reddit, I was like oh that's cool. Also.
Yeah,
you tried
you what?
how do you get it?
Oh sorry what did you like? What did you mean?
Well
what
is
that? Yeah, that sounds 16. Mhm.
Yeah, that's cool. Yeah. It's hard.
Yeah. What about you,
Arizona right now. What about you?
Oh cool. That's awesome. How do you like it?
Yeah that's nice. So you've been there then your whole life sort of thing.
Um I lived for a long time in like Seattle area and then the Salt lake and now I'm in her vagina.
yeah grew up in Washington and then I was like, you know 20 years old, I was like I got to get out of here so it's Salt Lake and uh
All
yeah it's interesting mm
School
Mesa, you know Mesa like
yeah. Um what are you studying?
Well
yeah, totally. Especially like in office types of whatever. All right.
Um it's not actually it's opening up a lot more.
it's still just like wear your mask whatever, but people can go up. What about what about there?
I know it's crazy. Do you have to wear masks there where you go or? Yeah,
it's getting,
I don't work right now so I
just
do prolific.
Um no, like I had a business for a while and now I'm just like I can't do it so I'm just that kids,
I'm just at home with kids
a six and a two year old.
yeah, yeah, she's in school so
I was
like,
you like
don't move, you have to like sit in front of the computer. Mhm.
Have
we have,
that's bad. You open,
do they have like an open date for your school?
what's the harm older?
I think,
I'm
with you there. I'm like it it's I don't see it getting better like Yeah,
no.
What?
You know, seriously?
You know, it's going to be interesting like in a year from now looking back and being like, you know what?
Yeah, I know.
I thought that same thing. Mhm.
So right now I'm starting shits creek. I don't
know
if you
really, I recommend it. Mm
Just season two.
Um so it's about like this rich family and the dad is like going through this like lawsuit thing. They end up losing like all their money and so way back like 20 years before he had purchased this like land city thing. So they were forced to move to this this tiny little town thing and they're like rich people that
with like the yeah, totally different side of how they're used to living. It's just really funny. Yeah.
What?
With what
do
you like?
I know.
program
but
Yeah. Yeah. It is. I totally agree. Um Where are you? What season?
No.
Good.
It gets
Yeah.
I didn't watch season eight is the last one. Season eight? I think.
I did not watch that one.
No.
so I watched it on. Yeah. Water was, but I don't remember why, but for some reason I had to wait for it to come out a little bit and I was like whatever, you know? And then then I started seeing people say like don't watch it and stuff. So I'm like, okay, I'm not watch it. Then it kinda came across the spoiler and I was like, okay, well, I'm really not going to watch it.
mhm. Hopefully hopefully you continue to like it so
Okay. Did you ever watch like Breaking Bad or anything? Right.
felt like,
Yeah, I did. I only watched like the first episode and I was like, I don't know, did you watch?
Back
Room?
It wasn't
that show just kind of disappeared.
Oh
was,
the movie,
it probably is. I have no idea
because
well I suppose kind of familiar
Not
that
that's for the best. So who's out? And that's pretty good. That sounds worth watching.
You too?
it was
Super good. Have you watched the uh sorry, the next one?
Oh yeah, Legend of Cora Yeah,
I actually just started it. I mean
I've seen the Latin Airbender um thing is actually kind of funny because like I found this like full site that like had it on there. It's like some anime site or something. Um And then as soon as I finished well on it it's like okay the of course uh but now I just barely started the Legend of Cora and I think I'm only two or three episodes in
Gosh, I'm trying to even remember what happened. I'm really bad at remembering
the
Well
I'm like I'm sorry, I'm totally trying to remember what happened. Okay. The Fire Lord. Okay. Yeah, I remember.
Oh no, it's sorry. I'm just like OK, the Sun, the Fire Lord's son that was you said some super, was it? Oh my gosh, I'm so bad at remembering. Sorry.
How did they take the Firelord down?
On
second.
No
they
mm Yeah the kids feel like they can't really kill him but you know
before
they do not.
Ally.
Yeah. Such a good show. Love it.
Had.
Have you watched like any um I'm not a big fan but there's a show called Death Note.
Amazing. So I recommend that one.
No it's pretty short I think two or three seasons almost like there's really no not many.
Yeah it's on netflix so.
I love that one. You have to watch it if you like gory stuff. I don't know if you do. It's amazing.
it's such a good show. Good story. So
well
Transport.
Yeah. What else do you like to do?
I'm nice.
that's some really cool um I have a lot of video games and I like music. Yeah,
um drums right now is like what I played for a while, so.
Oh I played piano like growing up and then I played trumpet in school.
there is a lot now. Good resources and absent stuff.
What,
wow, cool. That's a lot of time.
Yeah. That's cool. That's awesome. They'll probably
look quickly.
Oh probably like only three years or so. I was like a kid
so.
Um I don't know, she was just like kind of this like lady that taught out of her house you know and uh she was good but
Yeah, no she's really nice.
I'm scared.
yeah.
Well
I'll definitely check that out. You should check out those other shows.
Thank you.
Yeah. You too. It's nice meeting you.