cool. Wait to see birthday show up. Yeah, yeah, yeah, mm hmm, that one. Mhm, Mhm. Sure. Yeah, yeah. Mhm. I know. Mhm Right.
Hey there,
Hey, how are you?
I'm good. How are you?
Goodness!
Well,
I like your actually my fourth person I've talked to, so
Have you had any people not show up?
me too. Yeah.
look
good.
Since March, so the beginning of corona, but
I've actually, I'm an essential worker, so I've been at work every day. We're
here.
Um I work at a pet store, so we were open the whole time.
Thank you. Mhm
Um my family as well, but I'm in kind of a hot spot now, I'm in south Carolina so we didn't handle everything. Okay.
Yeah,
they did a mass, so they finally put a mask requirement for the state about three weeks ago, so we're seeing a decline now, but Before they did that, it was almost 1000 cases a day now we're like 800 a day.
their business,
Uh We work for a pet store, I worked for a pet store that has a pet hospital in it, so it's kind of a mixture of both,
yep reptiles, small animals, birds, everything.
No,
Yeah, it's a lot of work, a lot of mine because I of course since I worked there, I have a lot of exotic myself but all minor just rescues like I've never gone out and actually purchased one. Why?
Whoa we're a decent size. Yeah, we were the biggest pet store in the upstate of south Carolina so. Right,
wow.
We don't have the hurricane's coming
straight for us but we do get some of them occasionally. The one I think it's laura and marco.
What
we make some of that but I don't think we're going to get hit with a lot of a lot. We'll get the rain and everything but we won't get the really bad storm part of it.
Yes I know florida gets hit real hard
of,
or,
it surprised. Oh it surprises me that so many people moved down there to live knowing that that's a big issue that they have.
Oh
Well
Yeah that's something I wish they did. I wish they were better about that. Yes.
Well
what I do instead G. C. So I do it's it's a survey site a little bit different than this. Um It's more surveys about products and stuff versus like situations and it's not from universities.
Do you use any other site?
Is
it?
What?
What
Look
well
All
All
If
we,
I like the ones you um if you get rejected or not like the NcDc the one that I do it doesn't tell you if you get rejected or not. So you don't really know if you're going to get your points or not.
Um It's weird. It doesn't tell you like if you do have some frozen it has to be over a certain amount. But you like I've had some frozen points for doing some online shopping with them for like three years and I've tried to contact somebody and nobody can help you. And that's that's the frustrating part about the other sites that I've noticed as well.
All
mouth
That, yeah.
Thank
you.
Everybody.
I've signed up. I've been trying to sign up with them for years and it's like they're never accepting new people.
They want
what?
I'll keep crying because that I know the NPR one too that you go into um grocery stores and take pictures of the barcodes. I've
been
trying to. Yeah.
Yeah. I love that one. I get I usually get about at least $25 a month with them. It's awesome.
Both.
Well
Yeah. I'll be out there with my husband and I'll be like we need
to go to the shampoo department real quick and he'll be like somebody I know what you're doing. I'm like, you know,
Oh I've heard of it. I haven't tried it yet but I've heard of it.
What?
just keep using it. Yeah. Well
well
What?
I
haven't yet.
That's awesome.
yes.
no Microsoft has a good one too. You just
log on.
you answer like three questions a day and you can get like $5. I get a $25 gift card every two months 3 months.
I think it's just Microsoft dot com. Yeah.
All
Well that's awesome.
course.
Yeah so I work um it's sporadic
so I'm primarily the night person. So I'd be I'd still be at work until 10:00 tonight. Yeah
we have a lot.
Um We have two dogs rat, a gecko a snake too hot.
yeah
Um They're pretty the reptiles they only eat once or twice a week so they're really easy and then the rats really easy because we just make sure she got food in her bowl. Well and then with the hawks we just throw like a squirrel or something in there with them and they're good
Um he's about three ft.
Yeah they're cool. They're great for kids. That's
um Birds and rats.
What?
Well
Well
what part of India are you from?
I went to I studied tigers in rothenburg yep
it wasn't anything
Uh huh. It was a few years it was four or 5 years ago
so it's been a while. Yeah
it was amazing. It was best place I've ever been. I loved it. It was oh
great.
We were there for about two weeks.
Um We were it was a conservation class I was in so we were studying how they did the conservation and everything over there at the tigers.
Yeah we flew into New Delhi but we didn't get to visit anything over there because we had to get um we went on a smaller flight down.
I just liked how happy everybody was. At least everybody like we got to because we were immersed in all of it with the locals and everything and we got to say it some of their houses and it was just and they everybody was happy all the time.
so I was that I was shocked. I was like there's a lot of people on this little because
we were just a little place like on the outskirts of the reserve.
it was really good. Um Luckily like there used to catering to americans so they didn't have it too spicy um and requested it but there's a lot of like when I came back there's an indian restaurant near here and we go like once a week now yep it's great.
What?
don't remember the names of them but there was one there was a bird sanctuary we went to or and it was in southern, it was in the southern part of India.
They were about 10 of us so
not too many. Um
And then there were some that stayed they were able to extend their visit and do is that holly boy,
They say that and they went to an elephant reserve but unfortunately I had work and classes and I couldn't miss anymore.
What?
Yeah it wasn't too hot. I know. Um Our host said that it was just got a really bad hot season.
nice to meet you.
Yeah it's been 26 minutes so we're all set.
Thank you for being a good night.