No
thank you.
Good good good for you. Yeah. I was having some technical problem. I in my car the browser that I was able to see you but you are not able to I think then I switched over to google from how you doing? How how was your day?
I'm doing good thank you.
Yeah. So how's this prolific
thing going for you?
Me too. What time? Yes.
I had twice. So
so what happened when I when the person didn't show up? I requested it again for like a different timing. So they might ask and send me a notification. And twice what happened? I think it's going on for almost a month. So twice what happened I was able to join the call but then the person wasn't able to hear or one person wasn't able to listen to me but they were able to see me and not able to see and not able to eat from my side. So it's like so You're the 4th 1 So we're able
to communicate with. Yeah.
Yeah. Since how long you've been doing this? Probably uh race and all.
you've been more or more home, you know? Yeah.
do
you work for
all time, man?
Yeah. How did all like so far, how is the situation that you outside everybody and everybody as well?
yeah.
How are the cases like are they rising sharply or how?
It's weirdly a kind of uh I'm in Ohio because Ohio and then we go to the mosque or probably little over a month, I would say Yesterday, the number of cases like 600. So I'm like okay, so now we are declining and were declining good And pray. I saw like 10 plus then
uh I think it's either some even started happening just taking this kind of the the right sharp rise in numbers and then people don't, people don't listen sometimes. Yeah. So you're working for uh you work like a bad store or at hospital.
So you on a daily basis you interact with all the bad dogs, cat, other pets as well.
Uh reptiles also do keep people keep reptiles as pets like snakes
and all, wow, I was in florida and I have encountered a lot of types over there, but I will never have a reply Elizabeth. We always think me and my wife to have a dog or a cat as well. But beyond that I don't items is having anything. Yeah.
Yeah. So you're like very big sport.
Yeah. And
I think because hopefully uh this is hurricane isn't also going on. And you guys recently also using one again, right. That was coming towards the Carolinas. Uh huh.
And
marco and laura. Yeah. People
are together.
Yeah. I was in florida and during hurricane season we were always like opened the edge like when we can get anything and then we got to prepare for that. It was like always you know they're in a situation.
florida.
Yeah and florida hits from both sides you know it's like a kale
so from the pacific also and from the other side of the, you know.
Yeah. When I lived there for 40 and before we go to Columbus here and a lot of old people because retirement, you know vacationing and a lot of older communities are closer to the beach like the by beach resort vacation rentals. So we will see most older communities as well in at least closer to the beach areas you know. Yeah. They just retired from like upstate or you know east coast and just be their employers spend their time when they over there. Yeah.
I've been doing this politic thing I think live from like june or so it's been it's been going good and it has quality observing very good and yeah, once in a while you will miss and
it just you know you have to be lucky to see it because it doesn't send you any kind of notification or anything.
I think I I don't know who was telling me. I was reading somewhere I think don't do it because let's say if they start doing it So like 200 people and out of those 200 some people were actually really waiting for notification as the guard in the finished service. So remaining people don't even get a chance to look at it. Maybe that might be the reason given everybody an equal chance to see whenever they do it. Yeah. Yeah.
Do you use any other website as well
instead? You see? Okay. Yeah.
I tried survey monkey but you know most of us are ways either don't get completely, you know, it's like hidden this kind of thing. Yeah. And then there are so many upset but which are which are like location based steps
basically
service on go or honey honey bee or something like that. Which are basically like, let's see what helps specific location, let's say walmart or locals or see Syria.
They will change the notification whether the person is shopping there at the moment or puts a grocery store kind of go through. You buying
taking some pictures from the store and those kind of things sometimes. You know it's kind of
weird as well but as long as textual service. Yeah, I tried this one and 17. Yeah. I mean this
has been doing nothing. I like better because the quality of service and
then you can
get in touch with researchers also who are sending you those surveys.
He gave
something like but I had one of the other survey were I am doing everything right but it wasn't letting you proceed for whatever technical read them. So I go back and forth and talk to the researcher and they helped me to get into it with other website. You don't get to have the option. Yeah. It's you do you don't do it. So there is no nobody. It's like nobody to contact.
So instead you won't get so how how will you know that, how many pints or how much money you have made in it?
Yeah. And then there is no like
there is no phone number for dealing websites. You know
all you have we just contact them where not something most of the time they don't have an email, you contact them like their feedback form or something. You know you fill it up and then you don't know whether there is feed it or if you will hurt you hear back anything, that kind of thing. Yeah.
it's it's just you know because now we are staying more home and I am, I have been saying like alternated weeks, I've been working from home, March will be totally working from home and then we started going like alternate weeks or a couple of weeks in office and then a couple of weeks at home. So you've got more time than you start with all these things. I think they're already, somebody was telling me on Reddit you can find more website and more more options where you can give your profiles and then find like more survey websites over there. I haven't looked at it but yet there was a good suggestion
from
somebody just to have a look at. Right? So a lot of people talk about it over there. What kind of new website? Somebody noticed there was one. I tried to sign up but they are not accepting any new participants yet. That was fine corn
research. So
yes. Yeah. Then I email and uh they're telling you know, we are not accepting any more participants right now. And the only one to tell you that when they will accept but keep an eye on like different social platforms. One or the other time somebody will from outside medical post the notification over there that we are not accepting new participants. What I did I just went on their face and I just follow. And so in case
they have been sending any kind of notification. So it will come in my field. But yeah somebody
was taking me. That's a really good website. Yeah. Yeah.
And
be
Okay. Similar one. Is the shop pick one as well. Did you try that
by shopping or we're scanning the barcodes?
Both. Yeah you can connect your card and you can buy items you can read in. Yeah I use that a lot. In the beginning. Maybe like six. Maybe we are before covid 19 last year probably. But then all the stores are closed. We are not going. So sometimes you know when I'm in the store I oh yeah I have that tropical. Let me just open it. So at least they are walking as well. Sometimes you know you get some some points and we're walking so that's also on good app and then yeah scanning the barcodes as well. But eventually if you are new to that app you will get more more points for walking. More points for scan e eventually it will die down. You will, you will spend more time in collecting the same amount of points like you did earlier. Yeah there. And what happened sometime in the store when I'm there and then you know when it accepts the number of points it gives you a sound click sound
I hear sounds from all other places as well. Somebody else is doing that too.
No.
Yeah there there is one more similar one second. Let me see if I don't remember the name. There was one more where you walk in the store and then you take the pictures uh have us, they will give you like um kind of campaign kind of thing or like a task so that you Moby. M. O. B. E.
I. M. O. B. E. So this is like you they will give you like okay go to in the crowing Kroger store or walmart or target. They will ask you to go to liquor section let's say. And you can do like a number of options.
Do you find that drink or bottom that brand on the display? How are they played over there? Can you take the picture? What are the prices? How many number of bottles are in a pack? How many number of cancer in a pack of those kind of question. He was only the amount is good connect $10. But it just feels so weird to do there and then it's like kind of uncomfortable for ourselves and for other people as well as taking pictures and roaming around random. Yeah and then there is like one you can try like is like it's not not a location based but they will send you a random questions Mistake 50 cents sometimes Every question and every answer you will give you $25 regardless and and it's right when you were so there is no like minimum so you can automatically as soon as you completely it will automatically send the money to pay for. So you don't even need to request to pay out or anything. Sometimes you get good survey the other a couple of weeks ago I got one, I kept on answering like 28 questions so they were like somewhere around $7.04 or whatever. So that was good. These these apps like so many locations so I just keep on sitting whenever I am at a certain location. If I get the notification I'll do it.
Yeah I mean there
I don't see there is anyone outside that I can see
I can say that I'm using constantly and making money like you know one or the other human prices for Ln the research as well. Have you heard that?
And
so when the researchers basically they are very professional organization, they have email, they have contact numbers for the uh customer care. It's a, I think we're going on a very good site. So what they do, let's say target johnson and johnson. They want to do a survey for one of their products. So they will contact Wendy and their departments, they will shoot out a survey on their website And normally it's a good amount. $50, $25, that amount of money. And most of them is online. Especially because of Covid calling now. So you can sign up. There's a basic criteria like where do you live age, where do you work? And those kind of based on the based on the survey they were looking for And then if you get accepted they will schedule everything and then they will send you money like in virtual Visa card or those. I have tried that a couple of times. Sometimes they will send you a product to test. How do you feel about the product like that? Early. I remember there was one survey I didn't qualify for that one. So they were like some cream CBgb scream for the people who do a lot of exercise and lots of activities. So they were taking some participants for those people and they want them to use that cream and get their feedback. So that was like $125 only for a week. You just use the green for like five days and then give the feedback in their rap. And that's.
Yeah. You you you you may want to try that as well. Uh huh.
And it's online so you don't need they they have in person as well like let's they have office location close to where you live. So they may ask you to come in person as well. But not now because of this COVID-19 situation. Yeah.
Thanks
Microsoft. Well
What's the name of Microsoft? I have the one Google 1.
had which is my google rewards Because it tells you three portions. Yeah. And did you recently visit this? What did you did you with? How did you care? So three questions
random amount. So and then as soon as it reaches $2, it automatically sends money to your paper.
Yeah. So I mean I mean these are good for like when you are not doing anything and you're not busy or random. I mean anyone is good money anyway, but I'm always looking for something which is consistent like which gives me any fixed amount of like I spend this much fixed amount of time and I get this much fixed amount of money, those kind of things. Yeah. And then there are so many other like product based you all of the product you give them feedback and then they will refund you and you keep the product, those kind of things. Sometimes you don't even want the product and then they will just rip on you for that. Those those
websites are like whenever I see something coming in my way like I am is also the facebook and all. If I'm searching more than tomorrow. Again I'm seeing the more results for the same search, they're not easily they know that what you are searching they will give they will give you more advertisements for that. Yeah. So how's your timing looks like you go every day like morning to evening or weekends as well?
No.
Yeah. Do you have pets?
You have a like how many and what all you have?
my God, sneakers, wow. Okay.
How do you manage all these?
Never. How big how big is the snake
to you? Oh my God that's that's this week. I know what one of my colleague at work, she got gecko for one of his sons. He liked it and they were like very little one but last year and now it's grown up.
Yeah. Great gecko are great for kids here. Yeah. And what all do you feed to your snake
for the rights. Okay. Yeah. I mean I'm from India and back home, it's a big law. I can't imagine anybody, I can't imagine anybody having the rat as a pattern India and not go either most. And
the funny part is you'll find it funny if you have a dog and cat in India, they'll fight. It's like,
it's like fight over there when I, when they are seeing good dog and get here together. You know, they surprised how did they live together? Because back home they will eat each other.
Yeah. Especially dogs always behind scats over there. I have no idea why there is a fight, but that they always fight. They can't live understand
Northern India. Have you been there?
nice night and tomorrow. Okay. That
big tiger is all right. Yeah. I even did you go there like recently?
But
how did you like it over there?
And
so for how many days you were there?
About two weeks Nine just visiting.
Today. So that's most like west towards west. And I'm from north side which like close to capital New Delhi when you go from New Delhi towards punjab chandigarh. I'm from that side. But yeah I'm glad you liked it over there.
from New Delhi to for the right. Yeah. Yeah. Most of the most of the major flights and reaches New Delhi. And there are if you want to go towards like west then you will go to Bombay and all. Yeah but then well glad. So what did you like the most in India? When did you when you visited over there?
Yeah. A lot of people. Right. Yeah. Yeah.
All
right so yeah then we have like four times more population than us over there. How was the how did you like the food?
Yeah. I'm glad you got a very good experience. Yeah. Mines.
So where are the elves who wanted to cities did you visit over there? Yeah.
The southern part of India. Okay. Yeah. More natural reserves. And because more tropical stuff is also available towards the southern part of India yep that's eight. Well they are nice. Yeah so for me it was like a big all of the students went over there. It's like from the university side.
So
it's
yes. Colours Festival. Yeah.
Yeah holly is a big color festival over there. Everybody celebrates that.
It's february or March here around that time and you went very good time. So whether that might be very good at that time also you know.
So yeah because the boat season starts somewhere around mid March and it lost all the way up in like september and then rainy season stars. So most winters the most cool all over India you will get except like a couple of Western states you will get like uh november and december and that's it. I need to go negative. And then most of the area doesn't cease now coming. We see snow up in the mountains towards up north. But most of them they don't see us now. Yeah it's more plain area, less mountains. Well good. I'm glad. Nice to meet you.
Yeah. So are we? It looks like we are good with the timing on this. Right.
Cool. Thank you.
Youtube take care. Bye.