Yeah, there's hay in the back of the car. Uh huh. Yeah. In the back of the car. Get the keys. Yeah, Yeah. Hey there.
Thank you. I'm just going to start our timer just so I can keep track of it. Okay.
How's it going?
Good. Have you done this? Have you done this before?
I am. This is
my 3rd 3.5 yesterday I was supposed to talk to somebody, but then her battery died. So I'm just like, Oh, by what? Sorry?
So we're trying again today. It's good.
Dear. So this is, it's actually, it goes really smoothly. Trust I love
that.
I love to talk to you. Like to talk.
Well I will, I will try to make it as smooth as possible.
So
you
are welcome to be as, as anonymous as you like to share whatever you like. I don't mind saying, Hey, I'm out in Washington state. I don't know you
want to stay where you are. But
I finally got a west coaster. I always get east coast people. Yeah, it's been like Maryland and Delaware and pennsylvania. It was just like mm
my first time I made the mistake of giving my availability I thought surely no one's going to say oh a six a.m. Call.
Yeah they were like sure at nine o'clock we'll get right on that like oh that one hurt. I mean I literally had to get up early and uh you know, be awake by six o'clock to do it. So
it was it was kind of
bad.
I know, I know I was like oh I can do that and I just had a work zoom were called before this so I was like okay I'll just do you know, go down the list today. So
how how's everything treating you? Are you working? Are you a student?
Oh that's good, that's good. So what are you finding to do?
I've
heard
of that yeah.
You like it? How how long how long is of course
like I'm going to be happy this week.
what um like how low would you say the age I have a 16 year old boy, so I'm always looking for stuff for him to do. Do you think that they would get that kind of concept or do you think you need to be a little bit older to get it?
Yeah that's what I'm looking for because you know he's been home from school for four months and that just kind of did not go well just because the schools weren't prepared. Right, so they're they're distance learning was just kind of a miserable failure. I do not blame them at all
and now we have the option of going fully online starting in september for him but you know we still got a couple more months to get through to, well I guess august is right around the corner so five
more weeks before school starts.
yeah. You know and I would love that because you know the poor kid has had just me talking at him for seriously the last four months. He rarely leaves every like every two weeks I can get him out of the house. But other than that it's just me and him constantly so you know just other people hearing information from other people would be helpful I think. Okay
he is yes. Yeah. So it's just him and I how about you do you have siblings?
Yeah that's good. That's good. Do you like being away from a little bit or do you miss him?
Yeah. Just their own little creatures, aren't they?
That's cool. So are you in school for any particular thing or?
Ask.
Oh need. Okay, cool. That sounds really fun.
So kind of doing these um these surveys and and this kind of analysis that they're kind of doing with conversation, everything. I bet I'm fascinated by the idea that they're analyzing conversation. I love to talk. So.
Just
just
coming down for me a little bit. Yeah.
I got to tell him that one. Yeah.
Oh very cool. Very cool. Did you plan on staying in California? Yeah.
I'm about oh gosh, how am I? I'm about a little over an hour south of Seattle. So I'm in the
I'm in the south puget sound. I have lived in the puget sound area my whole life. So, and I, I love it too. There's like very few other places that I would want to live, Oregon and colorado are kind of on my list, but I've been here for so long that it just, it works for me, you know?
I
know.
I'm a total, I'm a west coaster. Yeah. I can't imagine, I can't imagine living east coast at all. You know, I've done my little visits here and there and I've just been like, you know, just, it's comfy here. Mm
Yeah. You know, and I live where I can, I can look out my window right now and I can see a lake
and I can say trees and a little bit of rolling mountains and you know, everybody out in the sunshine. So that's my, my favorite thing. I've always wanted to live right where I can see the water
and
I could
probably do.
We used to visit my father in law down in Long Beach a lot. I mean we went there all the time. That was my favorite thing is because he lived um I was on a peninsula, so we had the bay on one side and the ocean on the other. So it
was just, yeah, it was wonderful. Could never afford to live there, but you know, it was fine for him to live there.
My ex husband, he worked in san Francisco for years, but he would commute back and forth, so he'd stay down there for a while and come home and back and forth, back forth. And we looked at moving there and I was like, okay, I committed, I was like okay, we'll move to the Bay Area and everything. But then we just ended up not doing it. I'm kind of glad because I don't I don't
think
I
would
have
been as
happy down there.
I know we were all the way, so we kind of stayed out, Well he was in Pacifica. Um but then when we stay with like his boss lived out, oh, I can't think it's about an hour east of the Bay Area. It starts with a D I want to say a city, but it was just common suburbia, you know? And and they were all just, I met some people down there at home schooled at the time, she was meeting a home school group and they were just like, yeah, yeah, you can find houses for under a million. It's great. I'm like what, whoa, hold on. Time
out,
time out.
I
was like, I'm not in that price range, We don't play those kind of games
yet, so
I know, I know, yeah, it's kinda it's kinda nuts,
They
were lucky.
That is smart. Had they been there for a while?
I had my house in a really desirable area for 18 years. And so when we decided to divorce and sell the house
and everything like that, we did just great. You know, it was perfect. We had an amicable divorce
and you
know,
we could just take the money and do what we needed to do with our lives, so, but you know, it took 18 years of living there and yeah, I won't say we improved it all a lot because we were like eight miles from Microsoft up in Redmond at the time, so it didn't matter what kind of housing you had around there, you could sell anything.
Yeah, so it's just like it was crazy, we had a bidding war on it and Yeah 55 people bidding on my house
On my 35 year old little little podunk E house that I called in. But so the lesson is find somewhere right by early, stay there long and then sell later at the top of the market.
Right right. Yeah. You know and if you don't need to there's no
no
reason to push it. Exactly. Exactly until they have all you kids out of the house and then they're like whoa, sell the house to go traveling. So traveling, have you gone anywhere?
Not
recently, prior to 2020. Have you done any fun traveling?
Go back. Yeah.
super fun.
Um I went to London for the first time last year. I took my son and my sister and brother in law and at the time my 10 year old niece. So it's just the five of us. And we had, I I loved, I fell in love with London. Uh huh.
Yeah, we had talked about going other places and then I don't like to cram my travel in my brother in law. He will take a 10 day trip and just you're exhausted by
the end of it because he wants to and I'm like just like to go to a restaurant and just, you know, hang out a couple hours to me that's experiencing part of it. But yeah, he was like, you know, let's get over to paris for the day. I'm like, no, no, if I'm ever going to go to paris, I'm not going for one
day.
Yeah, so I'm like no, I'm going to go into the harry potter, so we took the
train out wherever that I can't remember where it's located, but did the little hair, big harry, not little huge harry potter thing that they have out there and stuff like that, but that's top of my list, I want to go back to,
to
explore and it's been years and years. I many years ago I went to Australia, New Zealand, but New Zealand is my son's number one place he wants to travel. So I'm like,
you know, Hopefully in the next five years
we're either all vaccinated or they let us back into their countries and
I
know,
I
know I have a friend down in New Zealand and you know, I talked to her and she's just like, I'm so sorry, you know, she's Canadian living in New Zealand, but she's just like you guys have it so bad.
Uh have you been locked down, you know as
your area?
That's good,
that's good. Yeah, we're kind of we're down, I mean since I'm south of like King County Seattle is where you know everything kind of started um and that that was where I used to live in this King County,
but now I'm two counties below that, so we have a much lower rate and um
you know we're still we're still working on it. I do have several jobs and one of them it takes me into grocery stores twice a week. Yes,
so you know I just have this protocol where I, you know I messed, I'm gloved, I use hand sanitizer, I don't even tell you how many times I really tried, I really tried to distance myself from customers
because you know I'm a mom with a 16 year old, I, I don't need to get sick, you know, I just, I can't, I can't do that. So I worked pretty harder than the rest of the week I nanny. So um
You know, so it's, that makes me nervous all the time, so I'm really super strict because she's 20 months old. So yeah, so I'm really super strict about how I act. So when people are looking at other people in public's going now, she's feeling kind of, you know,
you know
about
how
she's doing it, I'm doing it for particular reasons, I'm doing it because I'm a mom. I have, you know, I haven't seen my parents in four months because they're elderly and I don't want to even bring anything to them, but then
I've
got this 20 month old that I'm responsible for. So
I
know I came around the corner and this at the grocery store and this guy was unmasked and I just back backed up and he said I'm so scary, you know, I'm just like I bit my tongue because I had you know all my work gear on and everything and I didn't want him complaining about me. But you know it's just it's just I don't know like I think you said part of it is just education about everything.
It is hard. I mean my ex husband, he does not like to wear a mask. You know, he just doesn't he does it because I kind of work on him a little bit in terms of you know this isn't just about you, this is about making sure that you're not, you know if if I'm at the grocery store please don't come in infected without a mask. Even if you don't know you have it and give it to me type of thing.
I'm like,
you're protecting me, you're protecting your son. So you know, he gets, he doesn't fight it when he has to go into the stores to wear
masks
and things like that. But he can, you know. Yeah, I just I have to I try not to have discussions with non maskers. I
will say
that because I talked to a lot of people that work at the grocery store that are definitely not. They don't believe it. You know,
one
yeah, one woman was just like, you know, this is all just theater and this, you know, folksy stuff. I'm like, okay, so somebody at your store has already had. I mean, I personally, I've had relatives die of Covid, So this is impactful to me. I have, but you know, I've, I've, they live in Colorado and everything like that. But then at the same time, about three or four weeks after my cousin died, I saw them posting pictures on Facebook of all, like a group of 20 of them out at the beach just
having a great
time.
Nobody wearing masks and like, Oh my God, you just lost someone.
You
just,
And it didn't. So I'm like, okay, you know, I just, I can't change your lives, but I'm going to do what I can to protect myself and
what's your school doing about going back in the fall?
All
What do you feel comfortable doing?
and it has to be super frustrating for students and parents and everybody else going, We're paying this much for college,
So
I can't even imagine, I mean, my kids in public school, so I don't have that problem, but I'm looking at people going um we're paying tens of thousands of dollars and my kid is sitting in front of computer computer at home or in their apartment. And
tuition,
we want to hear our tuition is cut in
Yes, I did.
right. And to give us valuable information
that you need answers about? Well, yeah, because to me, when that all kind of happened, it felt like it was invoking the panic and all of those students about, do I have to leave, do I have to go home? Do I have to buy a ticket right away? The same thing that happened when they said, oh we're closing the borders and just tens of thousands of people from around the world rushed back to
the United States
when at that time it wasn't even that we were closing the borders. If you were an american citizen, you still got to come back. Right. So they, you know, they didn't have to leave those hotspots and rush back into the United States and bring it with them. But yeah, so I kind of, yeah, I I'm a news junkie so I try to kind of stay on top of way too much now. Right?
It is I I've got a few bad habits I need to break from the last four months of oh it's three o'clock, I have to get in the middle night. Oh I should just check my phone. You know,
I don't I have to really I need maybe I should focus on that for august of you know self improvement, just get him use the bathroom, don't check your phone, you know.
Is
it Oh is it?
Okay. Maybe I need to take that course.
So is it it's just one professor teaching the course?
Nice. And and does she have like actionable type of things of each time? Like hey go do this next week, that's what I need. So
I feel
like
I
need somebody to help guide my life a little bit this right in this
time
period.
right so just a little mini therapy if we needed a little bit of therapy so
therapy for ourselves for a little while?
that's
that's good, that's good. So where what do you want to do once this is all over? What's like your big thing?
Do you? Yeah. Yeah I haven't been to a restaurant four months, I've done take out a couple of times
but
I have a few friends that have gone to restaurants and they report back, you know, they're like, they're really good. The protocols are really good and everybody's mask and all this other stuff like. Yeah, I just, but it just doesn't even sound fun to me.
It does to sit there with your mask and then all your food comes and then you get to eat and then go put your mask back on.
So
Well you think about, I mean we're lucky on the west coast where we have higher minimum wages in
California, Washington Oregon. You got people out there in the rest of the United States, they're working at the federal minimum wage of what, 7 25
an hour.
I know, I know my sister used to work for target for a long time and she's back in Indiana and she said it was horrible to
have to fire hire people at $7.25 an hour and realized
that, you know, they can't live on that amount of money.
I
know
and they're getting richer during this whole pandemic, right?
No, I get to get to know, I'm just, as my ex husband likes to say, you're arranging liberal. I'm like, oh yes,
proudly
I am, thank you very much. And you know, everybody says as you get older, you're gonna get more conservative. And I am just totally flip that script and I'm like, oh no, no, honey, I've
got in the
opposite direction.
Yeah, it's just, you know, and I kind of, that's why I'm raising my kid too. It's just, you know, to try to make him more aware of the world that he lives in and that other people don't have the circumstances that he's had.
You know,
we've just had a really normal middle class life, but that along comes along with extraordinary privilege
And that's what I try to impress upon him and you know, he's 16. I don't know, I've made it all the way through into his brain yet but I'm trying
what
happened?
Yeah, just a little bit. And he's
a great conversationalist when he comes out of his bedroom and
stop playing video games. But
yeah, and I get it, I get you know, that's that's their only contact with other people right now and
You know, so when he's up at midnight and I can hear him chatting online I'm just like okay I'm not gonna be mad that I can hear him and he's waking me up but you know at least he's talking to someone else.
Oh. So have you been binge watching anything?
Really? So I don't think I finished the series, so maybe I need to go back and
Well
Harmony.
Right. Yeah. I read the books too. So if that's interesting to know from perspective of someone that red amounts a teenager to that, that it spoke to you, but you didn't even realize how it was speaking to you.
they're like, hey, by the way.
maybe I'll have to go back and get through and try always trying to find movies to watch with my son because you know, I'm just like, let's watch some classics and he's like, uh, you know, and to me, I'm thinking about when I try to have him watch, I can't even remember, I think it was like Top Gun or something
and then he was like, are you joking? I'm like, you don't even realize how much this movie forms that part of my, you know, my life at that time we were, that was my decade. You know what I mean? Poor
I'm trying to find movies that he'll enjoy and I think he read that series When he was like 11 or something. So maybe
he
was an early Yeah, he read a lot of stuff when he was younger.
Oh yeah. I was thrilled. I raised a reader that was my intent.
So
He reads something online. I don't know what it is now. But the guy puts out like 20, words a week and so on this ongoing saga, fantasy chapter, you know, I don't even know what it is. He can't really explain it to me. But I'm like, I think the guys wait, he's way over half a million words at this point.
I I shouldn't just assume it's a guy that's bad on me anyways, the person that's writing
it. Um but I yeah, I'm just like okay you're reading something so and it's engaging you and it's stimulating your brain and okay, you know, I didn't tell my parents about it. I read thousands of romance novels right?
So I did not explain to my parents exactly what I was reading when I was a kid. So that's fun. Well have we had, oh we've hit a half an hour.
it flies. See now next time you go to get together something like that, you're like I have conversation, I can talk.
Yeah, no it is. Once you find somebody that's just that you know that back and forth type of thing, it goes really quick. I love to talk to people and find out new things.
Very
cool. Well, you know the survey after this takes about 20 minutes. So prepare yourself. They ask you lots of questions you like. Uh do you think about that?
Yeah. So yeah, you just have to do a little survey. And I realized when I saw the email the other day that they said that you can do this up to four times.
So keep an eye out for it. Well, good
luck on your career
and your schooling
and life and everything else that goes along with that.
Talk to you soon. Oh, I always say that no, I won't talk to you soon.
Never again.
I'm a good life by