Mhm. How are you?
Sounds good. Mhm.
I'm all right.
I haven't actually, no. Are you experienced in it?
Thanks.
go ahead.
Well,
look
great.
I'm a little nervous about talking but like once I get going I think it's fine.
Well
thanks for
that.
Well, thanks.
Yeah, sure. I'm in California right now nor cal
I don't know.
But of course these comes. Yeah.
it's a nightmare.
I
was glad to see that it was one PM instead of like I was relieved.
can be
I'm a student right now so I'm not doing much. I'm trying to keep myself busy with like random online classes on course Sarah
Oh well I'm taking this course called The Science of Happiness. It's pretty cool. Like it's
three
Yale.
it's really nice and it's completely free to do and I'm learning a lot. So
It is about 10 weeks. But you can do it at whatever pace you feel like, like I did like three weeks and one week one time and just took a two week break. It's very random,
but I've been better about actually doing things on time recently and it's been good. Yeah.
Yeah, I think a 16 year old can do fine. Um, the professor who teaches it is super great at explaining things. So yeah, I think, I think you can handle it and it's very low stress because there's not an actual grade or anything, you know, you're going to learn.
right. Of course.
it is
Yeah. There's a lot of, I think he would benefit from it. There's a lot of stuff on there about like balancing things and like they teach you about meditation and like how it helps with test scores and like learning and also just sleep and exercise sort of like emphasizing how important that is. So yeah, I think it's very useful for teenagers, I would say.
is he an only child? Does he? Absolutely.
I do. I have two younger siblings, so I haven't been around them because I've been at my college living situation, but I've been visiting once in a while. Yeah,
I am very introverted, so I do sort of enjoy, I get a lot of alone time here, but I do like seeing them and stuff, especially my little sister, she's a lot more talkative. My brother just does his own thing,
definitely.
Yeah, I am actually a psychology major. It's going to be my last year, so almost done. I'm also mina ring in gender studies, so I really
like that too.
Yeah, it is,
I think it's so cool. Yeah and I work in a lab at my college, so and the lab I'm in is a meta science lab which is like we study psychology studying, like it's really confusing but like it's really interesting to take part in these studies and knowing what I know about like what works and what doesn't, and like I don't know if you heard anything about like the replication crisis that happened like a couple of years ago, but basically the psychology community realized that a lot of their most famous, most reputable studies like didn't replicate, like they weren't replicating and it was because there's like a lot of it's not intentional necessarily, there's just a lot of like miss practice and like what's called p hacking. I don't know if you've heard that term before but just like, I don't know how to explain it in simple terms, basically they
were
messing up.
it's like basically the main thing was um sample sizes were not big enough so it wasn't doing. And also of course especially the old studies were very primarily like white men being studied so it didn't apply necessarily everyone. So just. Yeah.
Yeah so now the studies these days are even better because like they're very hyper focused on making it better. So it's really interesting to see what they're doing to improve things. So
think I'm actually very interested in moving to Washington though because I visited Seattle like a couple of times and it's like my favorite place. I love it so much. I love the rainy weather.
All
I think the west coast is definitely the best coast. Like I visited the East coast before and like the summers are disgusting, like it's mid and a key and I'm just like I'd rather stay here. Yeah I don't really care where I live just as long as it's sort of
well
organized.
Yeah.
Oh that's so nice.
Yes I really enjoy that too. I
go
to
U. C. Davis so it's pretty inland and I'm not a huge fan of that. Like I live in the bay Area like here and I enjoy that way more. Especially because the closer you out of the water the more mild case. Yeah. I definitely want to live near water eventually. I'm english.
what?
exactly. Yeah California is so expensive. It's the worst. Like I don't even if I did want to live in the same area I grew up in I don't think I could afford it like.
I
think
I'm
on
my
way
yes I do love san Francisco. I love visiting but yeah living there it's just insane how expensive it is.
and
I
was moving
on.
No.
Yeah. Million does sound pretty nice though like where we are which is just like how, I don't know.
Yeah my parents were really lucky though they were
able
to they bought a house that was sort of run down so it was like way less expensive but then they redid it for like a pretty cheap price and now it's worth way more than when they bought it.
Yeah they've been there I've lived in the same house ever since I was born so yeah they've had it forever basically.
All
That's
good
I'm glad.
nice. Oh that's good
That's crazy.
Right. I don't even know. I'm sure that's what my parents will try to do, but I don't even know if they'll ever leave the house, like they might just stay in there forever.
Okay. Not worth
the
Not recently,
obviously.
Well yes, I went to Seattle like once every summer for like four summers just because I didn't do it on purpose. But like that's just ended up happening and I just love it. They're like definitely when this is all over, I want to go again.
I went to europe like eight years ago so I don't remember much, but I remember I really enjoyed it. Um went to London and then paris basically.
What about you?
liked it too.
No.
For
sure. Yeah. You want to enjoy it?
captain
definitely the
same.
I heard yeah
shot.
Yeah, they're all set right. Like they're done.
I'm
proud of
that.
we do very sad about it
pretty
much. Yeah, I've been pretty good like um and also the place that I live because it's like a pretty liberal college town, like we're pretty educated and doing what they're supposed to do. So
we've got the numbers pretty down in our area at least That's the nice
Well
that's great.
throat
nice that's good.
Had
this is,
I
hate
that.
we're
sending
Why do people judge people for being careful? I don't
understand.
Like I genuinely understand where these people are coming from, like the non maskers just because like they've been disenfranchised by like everything in the media so they just want to go against anything, you know, I I get that makes me sad. Like I wish we could find a way to sort of help them understand, but we're just stuck in this very rough place right now.
thank
you.
That's
good.
isn't
your
Bummer
like uh
what
on
earth?
you
would
think that would sort of make him realize everything.
exactly. Yeah, that's all you really can do. It's so unfortunate.
So since the numbers are pretty low here and also were on the quarter system, so it starts pretty late in comparison to other schools um they've been sort of taking time to Really figure it out. I think what they're going to do is like with definitely classes over 50 people are all online for sure. I've already gotten emails about some of my classes like that, but I think they might try to do some in person classes just because people are struggling. You know, they want that
human interaction. I don't know if it's the best idea. I genuinely don't know, but if they do, I guess I'm around if if it's safe enough, if they're actually doing
honestly, like if there is an option to stay home, I feel like it's just way more responsible for me to stay home. Like I don't want I'm going to have roommates, I don't want to put them like in danger only. I mean they're all going to be in school too, but I don't know if they're going to be that they're going to have any in person classes or not. So I don't want to be that one person is going you know it's just not it's not responsible of me
improving early. It's so
annoying.
Yeah it's yeah they and they haven't even attempted to address it at all either. They're just like
our chancellor like send us an email every week and he never mentions that at all. He's just like we're fighting strong like we're all in this together. I'm just like that's not what we want to hear right now.
You didn't even really address like the whole I don't know if you heard about the international student fiasco and how
Yeah. And he didn't really even address it when that first came out which I think any chancellor of the college should have a statement right away to make sure that their international students are safe and can stay you know they'll find a way to do something but he wasn't saying anything. You know what you're doing, What is the point of these emails if you're not actually gonna say what you need to say
for real?
frying
it.
I'm sure it can get really frustrating doing that.
Oh yeah. Um yeah, I do that.
That's something we talked about in that course to,
you know?
Screen yeah, screens before bed. Especially, it's just not good for your circadian rhythms and also it's not good for your mind. You get more anxious when you're reading all that. But I have not been able to break that habit yet. Maybe I will. I don't know,
it's a good course. Like I haven't applied everything she's talked about so far, but I really should. I know it's actually helpful.
Yeah. And the way they did it is they filmed her teaching like 20 Yale students. So like it's kind of like a real lecture and then she also adds in like she did interviews with some of the people who did the studies that she talks about which is super interesting. And then like you have these quizzes every week just to make sure that you understood what you talked about. But they're all very easy. You can open note. It's very it's a great course. I have your when
you
week
when
you
she
spreads
it out really nicely. Like you have a requirement every week. Like that first week you basically take a bunch of surveys to figure out what your happiness level is and also um what you're good. I forget the name of it but like you have these certain traits that like you have that are good and promote happiness and like this quiz helps you find out what they are and how to like utilize them to make your life better and it's very personalized so that that's just the first week and then like a week to it's something else with three, it's something else and you just work on trying to do that every day and like you love it but it's also completely optional too so you don't even have to do if you don't want to.
Free therapy.
Yeah I found it very helpful so. Oh you
do
like just to do like not have free to well mostly just eat out again. I love going to restaurants. I miss it a lot.
Yeah I do take out quite a bit too
much. These are much money.
Exactly. Yeah it sounds stressful
and
I just feel bad for all of the servers to who are probably there when they don't want to be, they're not being paid enough for what they're doing, like they're putting their lives in danger, it's just, I don't want to contribute to that.
definitely.
It's
pathetic like for the work they're doing. Oh
we
only,
no uh yeah, I hate all of that. Thinking about like there
are
people with billions and billions of dollars and they're not even doing anything and they're making money just sitting down and like
yeah, they're making money off of human suffering, like it's just like so bad.
good
thing,
live before
after.
Yeah, I predict that will be what happens to me too.
That's
great.
definitely.
Yeah, it's hard,
that's
a great thing. You're doing what you can though, that's awesome,
you're,
that's good,
yup, that's my brother too.
Exactly, yeah, it is such a social thing that they can do, you know what?
for real. Yeah, that's a good perspective.
Hi. Well, yes, my roommates and I actually watched rewatched the Hunger Game movies which I hadn't seen in like years. So that was interesting to revisit that it was actually better than I remember it. So
I mean, I definitely think that the first book is the best and then it just sort of starts going downhill like most series do, but like, I don't know, I just forgot like how great all the, I don't know, like it's a very God, I'm trying to figure out the words of what I want to say, but like even though like the evil person is very like outwardly evil, you know, very obviously evil, they still are able to talk about a lot of really like intellectual topics while keeping it like very simple because it's like this age is friends, you know? And I didn't really realize that when I was a teen I think
I didn't see how
like, well she did that I guess Suzanne College. Right?
And the movies are very entertaining to, it's very like mocking jay. I think it's just it's just so sad watching everything because it is very much about the realities of war, which I find very hard to sit through like, hey, war hate violence, prolific send me a notification. But
yeah, it was interesting. I recommend revisiting. Right?
I'm sorry.
fascinating. Yeah.
that was pretty
young,
That's great. Yeah, I was the reader of my family, like my parents really wanted us all to read and I was like the only one who was like, yeah, I'll do it. Like my siblings were just not.
that's awesome. I think
it's very helpful for me, so I'm glad other people,
That's crazy.
Forever.
yeah.
Oh wow. I didn't even realize it didn't go past.
Yeah. It's been helpful. Pain.
Yeah. For interesting. Well
thanks.
It's interesting. Yeah, I didn't, I have no idea.
Oh, cool. Alright. Yeah, I'll have to look into it. It's been nice.
Look.
Thank
you.
same with you. Yeah, it's been great.
probably not.
I'm