I'm gonna tell
you.
What?
Or I don't know if, I don't know if that's just something good or bad about me.
What?
You need
anything else to do?
Um I mean I guess it's better than dying, but
I
don't know. It's it's a it's a bit um It is. I sort of like I live apart from my family in a different state. Well in that sense it's like not fun but richard.
But I mean it's I mean I don't mind it. I've had like pretty decent time. I've made friends in the building and stuff and right, we'll handle that.
No.
Conversely
though, yeah, I don't want to stay with my parents. But it could be like, you know, it could be near, you know, be able to,
you
know. But then again like my sister was near them and my sister is now sick with, they said it was they looked like the coronavirus or whatever, but they said it was pneumonia so I don't really know what that is all about. But, and then like I was like paranoid they're just gonna kill my mom so that I
no
better. But it's just like, it was just really, I still haven't met anybody that's had,
But I mean I've never, I don't even, I haven't even heard of like there's many places I've lived around the country and the people I know, I would think I would have heard at least about one person that I know. They were like, oh yeah, jimmy has it, but like, I haven't even heard that. Okay.
It's
tough.
I think that they're like, instead of like, instead of people being like, oh, this is a fantastic chance to like do this what I've always wanted to do or or or get to know this person better or instead of like they're so eager to get back to work and I mean it's government through but it's like they're so eager to get back to work and in the end it the other house and they were, if they just waited a little bit longer would have been, you know, he would have got rid of it.
No.
Well
no.
I mean if they are not going to wear a mask, they would like this most
thing
it's you know about freedom were doing whatever they want.
Great
the flip side. But then, but then they don't realize like I like my master. Like you can accessorize and you can like we're different tourism. It's fantastic.
I forgot my glasses
again. It's better than dying. Yeah, we're about we're part of the country dealer.
Group
of the
and
Although it's probably just pretty warm there too. Although
it's I mean I can't imagine it being nice and pleasant in Georgia. It's time of the year.
What?
I used to live in Phoenix and like it was like 100 and 1520. They're like, Oh but it's a different heat. It's a dry heat. It's like it doesn't matter. It's like
I actually prefer the humidity over dry heat because it's just like, because at least like you feel refreshed or you feel like you like cleansed or have some sort of thank you. I don't know like detox or something.
I live in Los Angeles.
Um Yeah, because it's still
spread out. It's not like
it's not legally it's not like everybody's on top of each other. So it's
is that horrible? And then I live in like Hollywood in the same thing, Like a little like thing.
The little house department.
Well that's why I'm in Hollywood. It's not as expensive here. Look, we didn't run that. You're mm.
And
no, I mean it depends on what part of L. A. And like if you're if you're in santa Monica, say it's cool there, it would be like similar. But like here in Hollywood, you're more inland. So if he gets warm but not hot. But if you go into the valleys, you think it's hot. So it all
depends on what part of L. A. Urine. But I mean it can range like, it's weird because I don't know about there. And like every other place that lived would be like saying that every day in Seattle would be like a high 68 and a low of 60. Like it would be like, you know, like, like normal here would be like a high of 85 in the lower 50. Like it's like the difference between
in.
Thank you.
Billy
School, don't they? Yeah. Okay. I'm sorry
that I wasn't there for a second.
Yeah. Now I can hear you.
And I remember I lived in D. C. For a while and I remember just like sweating in the shower and how like holy holy like nonsense. I mean like your wedding while you're trying to clean off the sweat, it just made no sense. It was like you never you never felt
you never felt dry.
Yeah I'm
a sweater like you know like just like anything slightly uncomfortable and I'm sweating and then when I start sweating and I get like nervous and so much more I
would
probably, my clothes would probably be like always stuck to my skin.
You know my ears get really rough and it's like, I don't know, it's a good look. Yeah.
And then they get a cat and I don't, you know, I don't even remember and I go straight to like blistered so like I can't even be in the sun. That's a Yeah.
Yeah,
pretty much. And then, so what are you studying in college?
So you're following your father,
but then let's make him proud.
I went to law school so I I did it. I know the fun of it was not the same, but it's probably the closest thing to it. It's uh Yeah.
You know
what?
But a lot of it is memorization and to me like I was like school so much memorization if you ever been married, it could be really good at school even. It's just that, I mean that's especially like, like, like, you know, in your in your in high school and then before and below, I mean it's all memorization, it's nothing like it's nothing, it's like very challenging. But yeah, it was I liked mr been a long time since I
at ST john's in new york and there was, it was a long 20 years.
Well
now I actually, I worked for google, doing like, because actually with with all of that, you know, all the lost why I ended up being a teacher um which is like
really that I wanted to be anyways, and it was like a high school english
teacher. Um but now now I am, I
stopped teaching a couple of years ago and because it was, he got too much of for something, like it became too political or something, so I took some time off and I've been doing working for google as a consultant or actually and now employ where I I helped them decide the appropriateness of apps for Children. Um
You know so it's a little bit um it's much easier.
Yeah. I mean it depends on like the age that like my like in the pace not as bad as they make it out to be late to be honest. It's like my dad was a teacher and so that you know like like you you know I copied him so it's um I never remember like them being poor and so it but it's not that bad. Yeah
you can read more about the lawyer but it would have been
who the
pupils.
Because
they don't need as much credentials. They don't they don't give his credentials as obvious
what you
it was
that it didn't help
for you.
I don't
it was differently in my day like old enough we're like, I specifically remember when I was in grade school, like the teachers were still allowed to hit like um like I mean which I just, you know, like it's unthinkable now but but you know how it's changed.
It's a lot more hands on. It's a lot more transparent
than it was when I was a kid. And you can't get, you know, you can't get away with anything like teachers when I was young, but it's fit
in a way. But it's you know, if a
I mean it is it's much better than I guess probably want to, I
want to romanticize the past and things like, oh it's so much better than, you know. Everything is easy now. But the truth is like when you really sit down, look at it like it is so much better now,
you still want to
do.
It was because I was talking to this friend who was like 24 and it was you know and I was I was talking about like when I was in high school I better read two weeks into the 14 and when I was in high school I wanted the book to me, I had to call every bookstore in town and then asking you know if it was obscured,
I knew
they wouldn't have it, but I still call everyone finally that you have them special order. It would take them a month to get into the store and then you have to go pick it up. And it was like now it's like people if you want within an hour or or you could just get on your kindle for like you know in two seconds and I was just like, you know, romanticizes and saying how you, how you have really had to work for if you wanted to read the book you had to really work for. So when you read it was even more special. It was unfortunate because like his brother,
I have a book in an hour then it didn't do them up, you know? But yeah, I mean, at least I probably taught me how to be patient, but I'm not doing that at the top of that.
instant gratification. And, and I think it's probably, I've noticed youngsters, it's probably horrible to say, I'm probably being like very stereo typical, you know, very a broad coming but doesn't seem to be very self these days. Like they're getting everything immediately and then then you sort of expect it. Um, it's the only thing other than that, very quick and very smart. No.
Well.
and they come
this
is
beautiful.
projectors projections were like really fancy. Like you knew you were in a fancy class and I was a kid if they had like an overhead projector. Mm
I mean,
well, I mean, as the
lack, I'm sorry.
I don't even know what
that is. You know, it's like when I was in high school, even in high school, like we don't have internet like that. Like that last generation robots on the internet. I remember taking like typing classes on paper. And I mean it's a
yeah, I mean you have to have a carbon. And it was like, yeah, it's good. You know, I'm glad that I went experienced it because it's still a lot of stuff like a lot of smartphone technology stuff like way over my head. Like I just, it's like it feels like it takes me a lot longer. I think the more normal people for younger people to like grasp technology. Uh
exactly, like I had my boyfriend and I own one, we have a smart crockpot. Like isn't the whole point of the properties that you turn it on, you leave alone, you don't have to worry about it. Like why did
you
monitor
it?
To protect her from, you know, dirty dish. These I guess. A no, we we have some stuff but we don't have a we don't have everything like some of it just like I mean I think there's a lot of it that that's smart and then I think there's also a fine line where a lot of it just makes you lazy and um and uh and
I
right like I mean I can I can turn on my life when I get home, I don't need to be on for me, I can just, you know, change the music or something, A
lot of it's just laziness and I try to stay away from that because I'm inherently lazy. Yeah.
Mhm.
Well
look,
You don't need you don't need to know like I just need to know how to find how to find it on Youtube or something. Anything, prepare
anything,
is that I remember reading something like things that the internet is taken away and it's like, you know, you like going to a bar and he was like, you know, something would come up and you're trying to remember a name or something and everybody is like going through the racking right now, everybody's on the phone and have it in a second. Like any other distinct ratification of placing your fingertips, It's late where you are, what's the real reason is
here?
Yeah.
I mean I'm still waiting for like my my amazon delivery, same day delivery food things. So it's still early here. So they like I'm sure
you
will need well
and really it's gonna be it's gonna be the beginning, you're gonna have all these people coming from all these different places, you know and and coming up on there and then somebody is going to happen coronavirus and then they're going to pass it on to everybody and then the whole, you know, it's just yeah like I can sit home for like a year. It's not it's not the worst I
mean
mm. And then yeah the buildings are uh yeah,
yeah the state has a really good online school to know
it is much cheaper
in her.
Do you live on campus or do you live in an apartment or?
Well?
No.
Well and do you like.
Did you do you enjoy living in the door?
we're going along. I didn't like it.
And you knew her before. You just met her there.
Yeah. I didn't get along with my brother. Probably. Why, but uh it was fun. I'm in school personal.
Mhm. So you're taking like general education classes and then you go straight into like all your major.
Uh philadelphia. No that's philadelphia. It's an interesting town.
I've had some of the best night of my life there in some of my worst night.
Yeah, I mean Yeah, I mean at least. Yeah, I mean san Francisco be a whole other thing than uh every city. It would be like a slightly different theme on that. It
would be like more tougher. Yeah. As a country. Yeah.
Normal.
Okay. I needed somebody wants to live in Jersey, like right in the suburbs of philadelphia Jersey. I know what it's called.
Yeah, I mean there's like a suburb that's like literally like across the whatever on the water that well.
A long time since I've been on the East Coast. Uh huh.
And
what kind what kind of medicine or what do you want to be? But what? You're okay?
What?
we didn't,
what did your dad do?
Mhm. Oh that that's that's
Yeah. You mean you
gotta Yeah, sure it's alone. You got to be hard.
Like a like a buffet, all the different choices. We're all
I remember like reach me dissected a cadaver in like anatomy class when I was in like, you know, my second, my first year in college. And like, I mean
I feel like playing, it was still a little brushed out by it. So like yeah,
I was like, yeah, this is not for me. Mhm.
Good luck.
I I hope you uh you know, you find what you you know I want to do and you're successful.
The drunk.
Yes. And I know that you know the numbers are up in Georgia so be good. And uh hopefully we'll get back to all of them.
it don't match my shirt so that's all that matters. Yeah,
very good.
And rather than supposed to be a survey or something, I don't know how to do that
by right click. Right,
You're like