Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. What? Uh huh. Oh okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Mhm It's perfect. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Hey, what's up?
I'm
doing fine. It's really funny because the first
one who's actually showed up on my scheduled time for one of these
Oh that's good. No, like everyone, well, I mean
it's
like
um that's fair. So how are you holding up with this whole isolating shenanigan thing
part
agree.
Raphael.
I feel like I'm at the opposite extreme because I've been in with my family this whole
time. So like I like we got called back from college in the middle of spring break so we never get to get our stuff and they were just like, hey by the way you're gonna be staying with your parents for the next like nine months, I was like, Oh
what?
Not
yet.
Oh yeah, I'm sorry. That's
crazy.
Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. I mean you better saved but I do not meet someone who has.
It's really weird that way. Like, so my dad works in a hospital, so he's had a few kids in his hospital, but like no one I actually know. Yeah, personally I'm just saying,
I mean
hopefully things will change soon, but who knows? Uh huh.
Right. But people didn't, so
I guess no,
thank
you. Hopefully they'll find like, you know, a vaccine or something who even knows if you'll take that, you know, at this
That is
not
Right. It's like a different level of like, like it's like a different level of anti-vaxxer.
It's just
They're just like, oh, it's giving me problems with breathing and every doctor in the country is like that's full crab. Oh
well
Um Like I live in Georgia but I go
to college at Penn State so
it
was pretty inconvenient to like. Yes.
Well
It's not it's like consistently like 90% humidity
throughout the day. Oh.
it's still terrible either way.
Yeah that's valid. I mean where do you lose around?
Oh that's nice. I mean except for the fact that there's a bunch of people in Los Angeles which is probably not what you want in terms of population density but
well
politics.
that's jake.
But
it's really nice. Yeah I've gone a few times but yeah good weather expensive though all that.
I mean I know the weather is really good like in san Francisco like on the coast. But I don't really remember Los Angeles as much because I visited when I was really little. It's like the same sort of coastal constant
temperature throughout
what?
It's just like Yeah.
Right. I mean, for me I'm like in Atlanta so well
like suburbs of the band I guess. But I guess right now I think we're ranging from, let me check. It's actually really close in the range, but it's like, Yeah, it's like 70-80 tomorrow. It's going to be 70-90. So that's great. Um In
terms of you.
I mean,
so yeah, it actually might be a bit weird. I mean, we're good.
Okay. Yeah, I got you. I mean, I guess it doesn't really cool down that much. So I guess we're just relying on air conditioning at this point. I mean I was it really accelerated really quickly because at least at the beginning of the summer I was able to get out in the morning and go on a run without dying of humidity. But now I can't I guess.
Well.
Oh man it's like always sticky.
Good.
Yeah. Talking the
same.
Mhm. Yeah. Like I swell and then like my issue is I get really really red whenever I exercise like so that's not helped by the humidity. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Okay.
Vampire.
Um Pre med. So pretty serious. Of full. Yeah.
Yeah. I guess you could say that
we'll see how it goes. I mean right now because I'm stuck at home I might as well study for the am cats and I have this stupid ridiculous stack of textbooks like through
yeah. I know. I had a I have a friend who's like considering going to law school so she's on the L. C. She's like previewing
the outside. I took him look at it. It's like a whole different animal because it's not like memorization or anything. It's all logic. And that's
what I pulled up.
No, I mean where did you go to law school?
I'm along
with you here near that. But I mean what do you do now?
I mean
well
no.
I'm sorry. It's
And uh teaching is so underrated though as a profession because like first of all not getting paid like this is second of all have to deal with like whiny Children.
that's true.
Yeah. I guess it could be like just biased because of my school. Like I went it was really interesting because for high school my parents sent me to a private school, but they actually got paid less than the public school teachers for some reason.
But
that, yeah, for some reason private school paid less than public school around
here.
that's
fair. That's interesting. But
I was asked
because
like the parents
at that school were Like the whiny type, like, Oh my kid got an 89, I'm going to go email the teacher and complain like that type. So I was like, how do people deal with that?
That's what
thank you.
No.
Yeah.
You,
I
mean
something's got treated off, but I mean, Yeah.
Well
no.
You just need to read the fuck like
That's true. Our attention spans right now, I'm pretty trash good.
I mean it's interesting because fuel now are like complaining if their internet isn't connected, like 30 seconds. And then like,
I think I was like, like I was in the weird transition period
where teachers still use like projectors and old school stuff. So like I've been that weird
in between
zone where I remember like VHS twos and projectors,
but also like,
And I just like some like smart boards and all that. And then
everyone would
these
uh then they got like the smart boards and all the kids would be like really amazed by the teacher did like the calibrate thing.
What?
Oh, that's all.
I guess. Yeah. Just because we're like talking so well, but I also think it's really funny how like people think it's like really necessary. Like have you seen like smart dishwashers? Like why do you need to connect your dishwasher into the internet?
Where
is
it?
Yeah, the funniest thing, I think it was the thing on the dishwasher was um, it was like why does the dishwasher need to connect to internet to download securities updates to protect, to protect them from what? The internet?
I
have to talk to
Wolf.
Oh, keep
Yeah. Yeah.
I'm pretty lucky to like no computer, any things, but I think the best skill that they taught us as kids was how to look
up of problems. So whenever like my mom has an issue with her computer, I don't actually know how to solve it. I'm just better at Googling how to solve it. Mm hmm.
Hi.
All right. And she's like, oh, you're so smart. I was like, like people that thanks, you can.
And
it's not that bad. It's like 10 pm. Yeah.
I mean your schedule has been worse, you know?
Yeah. How they're going to do like, because in college there's something there like, oh, we're going to let you back on campus, which is like, but then they're like, we're closing out the dining halls
and
It's like how are we going to eat?
I
just like, I guess all the colleges are like, but we want money.
So that's unfortunate.
Yeah. So everyone's petitioning penn state. It's just like just make all the classes online and give us like the tuition for the online school and just let us do that.
Maybe it's not that much cheaper, but it's pretty that's a good
she's good in that off. You know?
Already
I am doing on campus on indoor mia
so
but residential e it's like I guess I'm not sure if it's safe for like on campus or off campus because ending off campus just doesn't have as much regulation in terms of cleaning stuff.
Mhm. I mean it's nine
that's their personally it works out because I like my roommate so I feel like it's most of it.
I met we met like seeing our generation benefit we met on facebook before so like now everyone like you know facebook stocks that were made before actually making a decision on that.
yep. Yeah it's weird because because of the pre med program like I'm in it's one of those accelerated combined programs for med school so basically I'm only going to undergraduate for two years. So this already cut out like what a quarter of my life.
Yeah, I mean it's meant to be like a three year undergraduate for your med school program. But I had enough ap credits brought in that I'm finishing into taking a bit of a gap here and then going to medical school and failure, which is going to be nice.
it is.
Whoa. No, like the interview night we had to fly their interview and I just want to buy like some guy pissing in the street is like that's pretty characteristic I guess.
Three.
have my moments there so hopefully she'll be like this is how you don't find philadelphia. But I mean
it's a nice art, it's like center city philadelphia.
What? It is close to Jersey?
outside or something. Mhm.
will be an interesting
city to explore I guess as like as a medical student, I don't know how much time I have for exploring.
We'll
see as what was I guess really it's one of those sort of I
mean
he is an anesthesiologist so
don't do that so.
No.
I mean and that we'll see. I mean the Mexico I'm going to is really well known for like it's I program so maybe that we'll see. Yeah it's more like looking at rotation and seeing what's interesting I guess.
Apparently real and lake has the moment where they like see someone like giving birth for the first time is either like super turned off or is like I want more forever. Oh my God do no thanks.
No.
you really? Maybe not this one.
Yeah it's true.
I mean
yeah I hope all is going well with you and
All three times as a way I guess I mean stay safe and all the standard fare.
Yeah. Thank you. And I know you'll be wearing your mask at least. So there's someone out there. Uh huh.
All right. So
you do you feel like it was just supposed to exile in this. I'm like some good views.
Let me see it actually
Yeah. Just quote. So all right. People