SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Right. Next. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Hello? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: You ever higher order somewhere?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I just started one. All right. So where are you from? Or where where do you live?
SPEAKER_R: I live in Atlanta. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Illinois uh
SPEAKER_R: That's good.
SPEAKER_L: suburb of Chicago. I wasn't sure how they paired us up. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: huh. Yeah. I didn't know if we'd be like in the same time zone over. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Well, uh So what what's going on with you? What's on your mind? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not usually very good at reckon first. That's
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: what I thought
SPEAKER_L: okay. Tell me as much or as little as you want.
SPEAKER_R: mm. Do you consider yourself more of an extrovert?
SPEAKER_L: Not at all. No, I do have experience occasionally doing like um online focus group type things. So I've gotten a little more comfortable through experience talking to people I don't know. And also like I mean it's low pressure. We live in different cities. We're never gonna like bump into each other at the grocery store. You know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Yeah. Uh What kinds of things do you like to do?
SPEAKER_R: Um I like to read and I like to run.
SPEAKER_L: My husband is a big reader big big grid. I read for knowledge. So like I like to garden I regarding books but I read to learn how to do something. I'm not really a fiction writer. My husband's into all that fiction, fantasy sci fi type stuff and I just can't cultivate the love of it. Uh Yeah, I have a container garden out on my back deck. So I do that. That's my biggest thing right now. It's like you get all your gardening out of you in three months when it's warm. I guess if you had such a love in Atlanta, you'd be in a much better situation. I think they can grow stuff like nine months of the year or something because it doesn't get so snowy frozen there. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yes. The call is it we have like, So I just say nine months a year at school and like even fall is still I would consider a tooth farm but obviously it's like you know from gross stuff. Okay. Read it
SPEAKER_L: Especially
SPEAKER_R: later.
SPEAKER_L: the hot stuff. That's
SPEAKER_R: And we went for it.
SPEAKER_L: how like, yeah, winter tomatoes probably coming from florida or something. My parents used to live in Alabama when I was really, really young and my dad was from Arizona, but he still could not take southern heat, but humidity just got to him too much. So I was thinking about when he said it's uh it's too hot in the fall. Uh huh. Yeah. So uh how is it that you are in Atlanta and uh like what keeps you there?
SPEAKER_R: I'm getting my PhD.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Well, so so hopefully you can pick pick a better climate on your next uh assignment.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I want your PhD and Okay. Are you are you nearing the end? Are you into a thesis writing all that yet?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm actually going to defend in august.
SPEAKER_L: Well, that's coming up soon. That means like the thesis is like done and submitted or are you still like wrapping
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: up?
SPEAKER_R: still writing.
SPEAKER_L: Are you allowed to share what it's about
SPEAKER_R: Yeah sure. So I study
SPEAKER_L: this?
SPEAKER_R: how people learn and basically I'm interested in how you put together things that you learn overtime. Um So you know think about from one Lesson to the next or from your homework to the next classes left or even over. Uh huh. And then my and is on is how the thoughts you have about your learning and your ability to learn now that's actually
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: really to your performance. Um. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: right.
SPEAKER_R: and so in adults what we see is that if it does and I said like think about what they're learning about learning it, they better remember it later on and if they yeah and I tried to teach themselves something without really uh Welcome. Remember I live? Yes, that's straight forward because there's a lot developing cognitively. Um So those two things that the last directly related.
SPEAKER_L: it would seem a challenge to get to find Children and be able to sort of grade where they are cognitively to get enough of them who were similar that you wouldn't be thrown off by sort of the, you know, if you get all the 8th 8th graders are, sorry all the eight year olds are all the third graders, you're gonna have different developmental stages in that room. And I would think that that really uh shifts, it would seem like a complicating variable when you're trying to figure out what's going on with a kid in any aspect of the pregnancy. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So that's why the approach that a so it's actually went to collected data for three years. Yeah. Have
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: did um that It started at about 100 incidents over the years. You have it's been moved out. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So my final sample of kids participated in all three years. Um It's about d so that's that's larger than your standard single experiment study kick. But yes and it's still like obviously oh but it is enough to be able to I'm after people.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just I'm just amazed at that level of mobility. I mean I assume that's a lot of people move in and out of your school or, I mean that's got to be the biggest thing, wow.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um And then the other aspect of it is that you have to get parental permission for kids to participate. And so if if the kids didn't get their parents to give them permission, then I can't they could be in the room when the data collection is happening. But.
SPEAKER_L: Sure. Sure. And they could be their year to year, but if they just didn't get that clip signed or mom and dad said, and you want to do this again, the kid was like, then they fall through the cracks. I can see that happening a lot.
SPEAKER_R: definitely
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: with the younger kids to because they don't remember. Oh yeah, sign this form for me please.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, absolutely. Well, that's really interesting. So what
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: do you,
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: what do you hope to do when your, when your PhD, when your, when your doctor?
SPEAKER_R: Um I have a post doctoral fellowship lined up for once. Once I'm official lady a doctor. Uh And that
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: b it stopped for a couple of beers, do some more independent, be centered. Um Get
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: some experience writing grants, and then after that try to be professor.
SPEAKER_L: Oh boy. Well, yeah, I feel it's funny. I used to be a library and that's what my trainings in and grants are the things that like every board you go in front of seems to get all excited about it. It's like, it seems as well my profession that was the thing nobody ever wanted to do. That's why it was such a valued skill. But I, yeah, I feel for you, that's, that's what you do on your entry into the profession. Sounds about right. It's like every profession has some level of like uh hazing. Almost like we have some sort of grunt work that we make you do for a couple of years. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So what do you do now if your training is my is a Black River
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Gate?
SPEAKER_L: am a legal secretary now they're like my father in loves business. Um 2009. I got laid off from the job that I was at, um where, that was my last like librarian job. And it was like I could go where my husband was when he was still finishing school, I could stay in that area or I had a job offer, but it would have taken me like a couple hours away and we were like a year married and I was like, I don't I don't think we'll make it. So I followed him and that sort of, I kept trying to get back into the library jobs, but it just hasn't worked out. So yeah, eventually I took what work I could get and it's fine, it's just not mentally, it's not as mentally stimulating when you've got somebody else who's like the expert in the room telling you exactly what to do and how to do it. And that's that's been kind of frustrating.
SPEAKER_R: Two. Yeah, I can see that being okay.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Well, I mean you have even more education than I do, but there comes a point where like, you know, your capabilities and so it can get just so frustrating to be uh boxed in at a lower level. Well sunday, let's see. Do you have any pets, kids spouse, anything like that that you want to share or talk about?
SPEAKER_R: I got married in november. Thank you. Um
SPEAKER_L: One. What stress the way to do it? Oh no, come on,
SPEAKER_R: Do you is me?
SPEAKER_L: I'm still here. Yeah, I can't see you but I can hear you. Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, we got we got married in november. I wanted to, well one with a pandemic. I'm really glad obviously, like we can predict that, but I'm really glad wait any longer.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's true.
SPEAKER_R: Um But I wanted to get married before I finished my PhD because at the time I wasn't quite sure if I was going to stay Atlanta for a post doc or if I was going to get living somewhere else. And my wife was
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: also in the middle of like trying to do kind of a horizontal move career. Um And we weren't sure if that sort of thinking within would be something that she could do in another city or wherever I end up. No.
SPEAKER_L: does it, so so does it make it easier to move together if you're married? Like, like I guess I always, I had heard stories before about like in the academic world sometimes if they want to do enough, you could say find a spot for my spouse, Does it work for another? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Typically at a higher level, not really for postdocs.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I wouldn't think so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it was, it was more like logistics of if we had to be a part at all, if we were living in different cities or one of us moved to make a place, where do we have the wedding, how do we see things together? How do we, so it was like let's just go ahead and to get married. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: interesting, but it sounds like you, maybe you're still open to like maybe our careers are gonna take a different cities for the time being. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean like, so right now I'm staying, we're both saying, you know, um and you actually moved government,
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: do academia, but doing the same kind of, so I think now that her will actually
SPEAKER_L: People.
SPEAKER_R: be, they're planning, I need to go elsewhere. Um so that we can both say, hey we are in a university setting. Yes. It is everything going to need diversity trainer, but.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, that works. Um Yeah. Yeah, I thought that was interesting that you chose to get married in your last year. My my husband was in his last year of law school and we got married like, like it was the summer before his last year. And I thought that made sense. But it ended up being really hard. It was just a really stressful time. And granted he had worried about, you know, passing the bar and getting a job that like, you don't have, you got something lined up and that, I'm sure that that takes away a lot of the stress that we had, but I would not want to go back to that time. Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Like I wouldn't want to go back to planning a wedding or
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: and I'm not going to want to come back to this stage and finishing the dissertation. Um But but I don't have any regrets about when we got married because I think it was actually really nice to have something in addition to my dissertation for a time. Um
SPEAKER_L: Destruction and and they do a good job with the timing sneaking in before the coronavirus. That's uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Because when that stuff is all coming back to be able to have I mean we only had 70 some people at our wedding probably, but we wouldn't be able to do it today, you know? Yeah. Did you have a big thing, a little thing? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: had about 70 dish people. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I went to my brother in law's wedding just last october around time you were getting married and it was one of these big things in the ballroom near Chicago and It was like the wedding was like 11 or 11 I think. And then the reception was like at six and it was just a big drawn out thing and there was so much going on that so many people and it was just too big. I think it was just it was it was it was such a big thing. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Do you have any pets?
SPEAKER_L: Do not, we rent, we were in a really nice place from some family friends cut us a deal on it which is wonderful. But they are very serious about the no pets. So we do not have a pet. I don't know sometimes I think it might be nice. My husband would really like to have a dog. But yeah it's interesting because everybody around me, I live in a duplex so I have like a lot of neighbors close And they all seem to have dogs at least one dog and there's a lot of barking already. So I can't imagine if we also had a dog our dogs barking in the neighbor's dog barking its next dog down. And you know it would be mm we'd be one more thing adding to the chaos in the backyard. So it's a we were going to try and buy a house this spring and then that would have given us new options for pets or chickens or other things. And it kind of fell through because of the coronavirus. Like everything was shut down for a few months when we would have been looking and then when it opened up again, like everything was listed higher than ever had been going in a day or two. I just, it sort of price this out of the market. But it was also like, I don't want to I don't want to stress trying house hunt in this this crazy environment. Like I'm just going to wait and see if it settles down. Maybe we go how something in the middle of winter when nobody's really looking and yeah, I don't know. We'll see what happens. Are you sensing a theme yet? I don't like stress in my life. Oh. Oh boy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can see that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I hate that we're waiting because I've been ready to have a house for a long time. But it was only in the last couple of years, my husband finally got to a job that he felt like he really liked. It was what he meant to be doing since he got like a decade ago. And uh, he was finally a place where, okay, he will stay there long term, assuming assuming they don't like pay him off or something. Dude coronavirus. But uh, I looked back and I think housing was so much cheaper five or six years ago. I wish we could have bought them. I wish we would have bought them. And then I think, yeah, except my house would be an hour and something from his work or he would have never gotten that job because I would have chosen to live somewhere else based on going on and where we were working at the time. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: The we bought a house for the simple reasons.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. I can't imagine if you're still in school, you're still moving around and trying to figure out where we're gonna be. I've never thought it made sense to buy in that situation. I also think it's a strange trend when I see people buying with their like significant other, but there's no like legal commitment yet. Like my brother in law did this, they bought the house while they were engaged but they weren't married. So then like if it were to have gotten called up or something, it has been such a mess disentangled. Or like when my husband has a co worker who has a couple of kids now with his girlfriend and I'm just like just go before the judge and do the paperwork and get married because I mean you are permanently bonded to this person, you're always going to have these kids together, all these legal entanglements already. I think they might even know in a house together. It's just, it's just so weird to me, it's weird where we've gotten to that. Why don't, at some point it's like you just got to admit like this this relationship is probably permanent or at least like I already have all these entanglements. It's Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I actually have some friends who are pretty similar in that they don't have kids, but they've been together years and they're they're
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: talking about buying a house,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: wait, what you guys don't seem like necessarily
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: should be funding a house together. It's not talking
SPEAKER_L: It,
SPEAKER_R: about for future other than buying this.
SPEAKER_L: you know, I must be a generational thing, I'm guessing like I'm almost 40, I'm guessing you're somewhere in your thirties maybe I can tell. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh younger. But yeah, I've always I've always been uh My parents growing upset that I was like seven going on 35, so I've always been like at least 35. I think so.
SPEAKER_L: Well now you have a have maturity and you know where you're going and a lot of uh I think I think that's part of seeming mature is you know, you know what you're doing, you know what you want to know where your direction is in life, right? It took it took me until I was in my 30s to get to get a lot of that to happen and going in the right direction. So you're you're ahead of the curve that way. Um Where are they going with this? Oh yeah, maybe it's just are sort of I guess my generation and your generation. But
SPEAKER_R: That.
SPEAKER_L: it's strange how often I see it popping up and it's just um I don't know and it's it's like maybe they get to a certain point in life like your friends and there's certain things you want, but somehow like, like like your friends want house, they want some sort of, it was a like permanent or something. Well it's just like, it's such a helter skelter way to go about it. Or maybe maybe we just got so afraid with all the divorce when we were kids that uh it's easier to sort of slip slide your way into a commitment like that. Like it's almost too scary to just like march straight into it. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I think so. I think, I think the generational component is a big one because I know that trends are showing that millennials are waiting longer to get married, waiting longer,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: It's sick of kids.
SPEAKER_L: I do think that money complicates that though because the millennials did take a lot of the last recession like, and I was talking about how when, when you come out of school during a recession, it lowers your earnings across your lifetime. You never really fully recovered from it. So I always thought that was a big part of the millennial thing was I got knocked down. So bad. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I felt like,
SPEAKER_L: Or at least that's that's the part that I can identify with a little bit. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's funny I think about like my grandmother owned a home and was married by the time she wedding and
SPEAKER_L: My mother got married I think it's like 18 Had like eight kids between 20 and 30 and then she was she was done having kids that they had a huge family and a farm. They had a small farm to like keep everybody fed. Yeah but yeah most of my grandparents generation they married it while the women married at 16 or 18 and 20 The men tended to be five or 6 years older. Anyway. I'm sorry I think I I interrupted you there. We're talking about your grandmother, how young she only?
SPEAKER_R: I'm just going to say that I like somehow she had the financial capability to save up money for her own home
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: and have kids that young where like when I was coming. No way. My time job. Even if I had more than one, which I did would have helped me or house.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but if you look at inflation and what What minimum wage bought in like the 70s. I mean it has been deluded a lot in our in our generation there's um I was going to finish that thought though. So it's been delayed a lot in our generation but also I don't know I don't know quite how old your grandmother was but like at the Great Depression the way they bought houses was half down and half in a balloon payment five years later. So the fact that housing costs so much has a lot to do with the way it's the loans are made now we loan over over 30 years. Whereas the amount that somebody could pay back then it would have kept prices a lot lower. It was knowing that you had to put that down and come up with have in five years, you know. Yeah. Mhm. So we hit the timer. I think we can stop safely now If you want. It's been 20 but unless you want to keep talking we can I guess. I think I don't know if they're going to kick us off. What?
SPEAKER_R: don't know what this is like hosted through. Not zoom. It sounds
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: broke. Who app just what it says in the U. R.
SPEAKER_L: Hey
SPEAKER_R: L. But I don't
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know anyway. Nice talking to you. It
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: wasn't
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: bad talking the danger, right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Wasn't so bad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Good luck with your dissipation.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Good
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: luck
SPEAKER_L: depends.
SPEAKER_R: finding your home in the winter.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Thank you. I hope it happens this year. I've been saying it for years. Two years. Two years. But it feels like forever. All right.
SPEAKER_R: All right.