You ever higher order somewhere?
I live in Atlanta. What about you?
That's good.
huh. Yeah. I didn't know if we'd be like in the same time zone over. Uh huh.
I'm not usually very good at reckon first. That's
what I thought
mm. Do you consider yourself more of an extrovert?
Yeah, that's
true.
Um I like to read and I like to run.
Yeah. Yes. The call is it we have like, So I just say nine months a year at school and like even fall is still I would consider a tooth farm but obviously it's like you know from gross stuff. Okay. Read it
later.
And we went for it.
I'm getting my PhD.
Yeah.
Yeah. I'm actually going to defend in august.
I'm
still writing.
Yeah sure. So I study
how people learn and basically I'm interested in how you put together things that you learn overtime. Um So you know think about from one Lesson to the next or from your homework to the next classes left or even over. Uh huh. And then my and is on is how the thoughts you have about your learning and your ability to learn now that's actually
really to your performance. Um. Yeah
and so in adults what we see is that if it does and I said like think about what they're learning about learning it, they better remember it later on and if they yeah and I tried to teach themselves something without really uh Welcome. Remember I live? Yes, that's straight forward because there's a lot developing cognitively. Um So those two things that the last directly related.
So that's why the approach that a so it's actually went to collected data for three years. Yeah. Have
did um that It started at about 100 incidents over the years. You have it's been moved out. Uh
So my final sample of kids participated in all three years. Um It's about d so that's that's larger than your standard single experiment study kick. But yes and it's still like obviously oh but it is enough to be able to I'm after people.
Yeah. Um And then the other aspect of it is that you have to get parental permission for kids to participate. And so if if the kids didn't get their parents to give them permission, then I can't they could be in the room when the data collection is happening. But.
definitely
with the younger kids to because they don't remember. Oh yeah, sign this form for me please.
That's
it.
Um I have a post doctoral fellowship lined up for once. Once I'm official lady a doctor. Uh And that
b it stopped for a couple of beers, do some more independent, be centered. Um Get
some experience writing grants, and then after that try to be professor.
So what do you do now if your training is my is a Black River
Gate?
Two. Yeah, I can see that being okay.
I got married in november. Thank you. Um
Do you is me?
Um Yeah, we got we got married in november. I wanted to, well one with a pandemic. I'm really glad obviously, like we can predict that, but I'm really glad wait any longer.
Um But I wanted to get married before I finished my PhD because at the time I wasn't quite sure if I was going to stay Atlanta for a post doc or if I was going to get living somewhere else. And my wife was
also in the middle of like trying to do kind of a horizontal move career. Um And we weren't sure if that sort of thinking within would be something that she could do in another city or wherever I end up. No.
Typically at a higher level, not really for postdocs.
it was, it was more like logistics of if we had to be a part at all, if we were living in different cities or one of us moved to make a place, where do we have the wedding, how do we see things together? How do we, so it was like let's just go ahead and to get married. Yeah.
yeah, I mean like, so right now I'm staying, we're both saying, you know, um and you actually moved government,
do academia, but doing the same kind of, so I think now that her will actually
be, they're planning, I need to go elsewhere. Um so that we can both say, hey we are in a university setting. Yes. It is everything going to need diversity trainer, but.
Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Like I wouldn't want to go back to planning a wedding or
and I'm not going to want to come back to this stage and finishing the dissertation. Um But but I don't have any regrets about when we got married because I think it was actually really nice to have something in addition to my dissertation for a time. Um
Yeah.
had about 70 dish people. Yeah. Yeah.
Do you have any pets?
Yeah, I can see that.
The we bought a house for the simple reasons.
Yeah. I actually have some friends who are pretty similar in that they don't have kids, but they've been together years and they're they're
talking about buying a house,
wait, what you guys don't seem like necessarily
should be funding a house together. It's not talking
about for future other than buying this.
Oh younger. But yeah, I've always I've always been uh My parents growing upset that I was like seven going on 35, so I've always been like at least 35. I think so.
That.
Yeah. Yeah, I think so. I think, I think the generational component is a big one because I know that trends are showing that millennials are waiting longer to get married, waiting longer,
It's sick of kids.
I felt like,
I mean it's funny I think about like my grandmother owned a home and was married by the time she wedding and
I'm just going to say that I like somehow she had the financial capability to save up money for her own home
and have kids that young where like when I was coming. No way. My time job. Even if I had more than one, which I did would have helped me or house.
don't know what this is like hosted through. Not zoom. It sounds
like
broke. Who app just what it says in the U. R.
L. But I don't
thank
you.
Yeah. Wasn't so bad.
Thank you. Good
luck
finding your home in the winter.
All right.