a little, how are you?
I'm doing well, thank you. My name is Evan,
Good to meet you, Robin.
I have to tell you, I was completely nervous about this
whole chat
for a little while, but
you seem to be pretty relaxed.
Yeah, definitely. It
takes two
to tango, especially when it comes to conversation like this. So where are you from?
We're in Kentucky. I've been there
cool.
I used to live in Ohio,
so I've, and to Kentucky
before in indiana and all that sucks.
a little bit. Yeah, I was kinda young when I lived in Ohio, but now I live in Idaho,
The obscure state in the northwest. Not too many people know about besides potatoes. All right. So I live about a half hour from Boise, which is um right, the biggest city in Idaho. So I live in a town called Netbook. Mhm.
Yeah, we are nationally famous for our potatoes. So, so what do you do when you're not
doing studies
on olympic
and all that?
That is ironic. Very ironic.
Oh wow! I might be interested in looking at that actually.
Kyi age I dot org. Nice over there up when we're finished here all the way up because I have cerebral policy um I've had it since I was born and I also have mental health issues as well, so full of which you are
familiar
with and work with and stuff like that. So
it's
kind of ironic that we would be matched up together that way.
But so anyway I I actually um it's funny you say that you did a little bit of disability yet because he because that's one of the big things that I havent struggled with um
because I am your birds that
are in my home 24 hours a day, seven days a week. And some of the very interesting situations that arise
or
the
the connection between my rights
as an individual and
their rights as a caregiver and how all the come together and work together and stuff like that. Because for example, I'm not saying I'm an alcoholic, but every once in a while, you know, you may drink alcohol every now and then, for example, um, what would it be like if I were if her bones are falling up? I don't need them right now anyway. Um, what would it be like if All right, and I don't, I haven't drink alcohol in a very long time. But
one of the situations that I always bring up to people is if you want to drink alcohol and your caregiver didn't feel comfortable hoping you, where's the line between you're
right to drink alcohol and their right not to help you. So, and then, so that's kind of an advocacy issue and then you have issues like transportation and having the right transportation to get you need to go and um so yeah, disability and I because he has something very important, very frustrating
to me at times,
but um I I work with it and I have I have good caregivers, I and actually working with one of my uh she's over here right now, she's one of my favorite caregivers, so it's not like I have bad times all the time, you know? But
right. And and I had one caregiver who said I had one caregiver who says um my job is to help you do the things that you would do if you could do them players. So, and if everybody had that viewpoint with disability and everything like that, it would be a much
better. But uh
I can only I can only imagine if I was born in the forties or the thirties or the fifties, you know, just what would have happened to me and where I would be here all that to herself. So I may not even be here for all I know because I was born um three months early,
I was born premature and I may not have even survived soon.
Women had
What?
One of the, because I take a quarterly survey every during the warm months about my um agency and one of the questions that we run into on the survey is
do you have the opportunity to experience life the same way as somebody who is not in the agency who does not receive care? And they have a scale of 1 to 10, you know, based on your opinion on how well the agency does to help you live your life the same as somebody who wouldn't receive services. And I can only imagine being in a situation where that wasn't available, where people didn't care where it was just like, oh, well, um, my mom actually, my mom actually was married to a man who
told me that if he had, she's the personal, thank God for that. But um, he told me that if he had my condition, if he had my problems and challenges, he would ask to be put on the heaviest medication possible and locked in the hospital for the rest of your life. So, you
know, that's just,
yeah, there's just
some people
harry warden
and
there were him. I guarantee you wouldn't do that.
So
definitely. And you mean you lose your ability to think or speak or you know, whatever.
so
is that what got you into disability advocacy or?
so that's why you kind of got into it. Is from your personal experience. No,
not a person. Mm
30,000 people following you on twitter. All we go. They also
That's awesome.
I'm
I'm barely on twitter, so that's pretty.
Yeah, I will. Um that would be nice to actually uh stay
in touch beyond this conversation because I feel like we have a lot in common
disability and advocacy and stuff like that. So definitely I would.
Or
kyi dot org don't go look you up. So
well when you can't write anything down because
your hands
like this, you have to have a good memory.
it's funny. So um, are you into, what kind of hobbies are you into?
That's cool. That really needs.
I did not know that,
that's really really really neat. So um that's how you know that someone is really passionate about something is when they turn their work into their hobby or the hobby, their work, so most people don't even like their job um Have it for the hobbies.
Absolutely.
Of
war.
Well that's cool. I
should I should move to Kentucky because
it's the it's nice to have people that are so active about disability. Um Rather when I was when when I was in the seventh grade um one of our
responsibilities, 12
this was for our english class, we had to write our senator about an issue that was bothering us and I wrote amount um having the proper tools necessary in education for people with disabilities um
because my mom had to fight with school districts and things like this um to get me the equipment that I needed, like scanners and computers and things like that to go to school. Well anyway, um we had uh it was a contest and then one person from each state was chosen to go to a national youth forum in Washington
D. C. To personally discuss the issue that they wrote about with their senator. And so I actually um was able, because my brother worked for, my brother in law, worked for my crepeau, who was senator for Idaho. And so even though I wasn't living in Idaho at the time, I got to think was under mike Crapo about my issue because I won the contest for my state and
I talked about disability and things like this. And they at that time we're working on something called the idea Act, which was the Idaho disability. Uh
I know disability. Uh
Well, I think it was education act. It was
I already
well it became the road because at the time it was not, this was back in 1990 88
Yeah, and so this was in the preliminary stages that
they were working on idea.
I know who actually,
yeah, Idaho, Iowa and
Idaho will always get confused, so don't
worry. But
but uh yeah,
so that's kind of cool. I didn't even know it was a federal thing. So that's kind of cool that it became it became bigger than when I was first hearing about it in 98. But
they weren't about it.
You
wouldn't hurt.
Oh my goodness. See I'm a christian.
I definitely
I definitely believe in jesus
and the and the jesus I believe in wouldn't kick anybody out of turk.
there,
if they say
if they say they follow jesus, then they should follow jesus principles and I know that jesus would not kick anybody out of the church and so it's just crazy that people would be like, nope, you are, because even in the bible, people were kicked out of their synagogues if you were the
perfect.
yeah, that's exactly what I was saying. How can, how can you say you follow jesus if you reject people for and, and you
that brings up an interesting topic because um I actually, I actually was raised mormon
at all, I was raised mormon, my family for 200 plus years has been mormon and then there's me, I'm not, I'm
I
actually, I actually left the mormon church um but
one of the things that they have difficulty with me in my life is that even though I talk and communicate well and can express myself and all this stuff, I feel very much like I am meant to be a small person. I believe that my body didn't, my body aged a lot more than I actually aged. I feel like I am still stuck as a kid because that's how my body is and that's how my emotional state is. I feel like I am a lot younger than I physically appear and my family doesn't respect that my family doesn't acknowledge that.
My family
says, no, you're fully grown, like, what's your problem? Like why can't you just be fully grown? And so in, in a sense, I've experienced that same rejection uh, from people who say that they are and I'm not trying to batten up my family, but from people who say that they are christian and that they accept everybody and then they won't accept somebody who says that they feel a
lot younger than they appear. It's just um,
well, you know, it's, you know, it's funny. Um I'm physically 34 but I I feel somewhere around the age of five, I I don't know why, but I feel around the age of five and I want Sesame street and I have stuffed animals and I like cartoons. And so it's just like,
yeah, I just wish my own family realized that, you know what I mean? I wish they were accepting of it. I wish they were um, open to it and that, you know, I I had one sister who really like video games and plays video games and they tell her there there. So I don't even know what the right word is there so conservative and they're in the mold that they can't see anything outside
of the mode. You know? And that sounds like what the people were like at the church. They couldn't see anything outside of the mold that says, okay, now you are this way and your normal quote unquote normal. And so you're okay. But if you're not normal, if you think differently, if you feel differently, if you look differently, then you're not
okay, you're not in the norm. And it's just, I'm even experiencing that a little bit today. So, mm hmm.
Yeah, it's 2 26. And so my time. So, um,
okay, I did. So now what do I do?
Okay. Yeah, I looked it open. So,
and
Yeah, I will definitely say in contact with you, this has been very enjoyable. I really appreciate it. And you made me feel not nervous at all. So I really appreciated the conversation.
That's who I am and yeah,
I mean my body may grow hair and my voice sound deeper, but I feel young and I just,
What?
yeah, definitely. So
I'm
well, thank you so much. I appreciate that. That was nice of you to say. But yeah, I'm on facebook and all that too. So I don't know if you are, but let's
I'll find you on the website. I'll send you an email and we can.
But
no
Evan smith and there's a picture of me
then.
All right. Thank you.
Good to talk to you. Good to meet you, Rogan.
alright. You too. Bye. Bye.