customer. I'm talking to you. Hello. Good morning. Okay. Examples as well. Treatment. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Oh, hello.
Yeah, I'm good. How are you?
My name is Robin.
It's good to meet you too.
Good
plan.
What?
Well, I've done this a couple times. Uh the first time I was nervous too. But sometimes people don't show up. So I'm just happy you showed up and you know,
this
week.
I'm from Kentucky. Uh
well, I'm kinda close to Cincinnati. I'm on the river down by Maysville Kentucky. Okay.
Oh
But
this is
Isom and you know the area?
Yeah. Oh, you do. I was gonna ask where do you live?
Mhm. Well, I have never been there, but I know about the potatoes.
What?
You know
what?
hmm. Well, I actually work with people with disabilities. I do a lot of advocacy. How about that?
Yeah. And we preserve the history of all of the asylums and uh the people that he had. Mental illness and intellectual and developmental disabilities. So website with all the Kentucky's data on it and some of the people's stories
what's called KY H I. Kentucky high so that's pretty easy to remember. It's W. W. W. K. Y. H. I. Dot org.
What?
Thank
you.
I
know it's nice. That's really nice.
huh.
That.
Good
Lord.
Thanks.
But
it was,
But
what?
That
I'm sure.
Okay. Well you want to be as independent as you can. I mean that's the whole thing is that you get to make your choices that what is right for you, even if they don't agree, they're not the one taking the alcohol there, your caregiver, they're supposed to provide for what you need. Uh.
Ma
we've we've come a long way, but that's why it's so important that we preserve the history. So people don't forget and remember what what people have lived through to get where we are today. And we still have a whole long way to go. But we got to remember where we came from, you know? So we don't go back there scared.
Oh you were. Oh.
that's true. And
of did not survive the institutions because institutions were horrible.
They were abused and harmed and putting restraints treated like prisoners. Yeah. Well, and we have to worry about that, you know, they want to go back to institutionalization and we have to fight for our community, support for people to stay in the community. That's part of my work, you know?
why?
If you
What?
That's terrible. What a mean thing to say.
You
know, he can say anything but him actually doing that, that's easy for him to just say that you know? But he wouldn't do that. He don't know
feel if he was the person, you know and that's
it.
No,
if you know what karma can get you later on the back end is your age? Sometimes you get a stroke, you get a heart attack, you get disabled things happen, you know as we age, that's my whole point is an advocate. It can happen to you to any time, any minute, you know, it can happen to anybody that can become a person with the disability of severe disability,
all of it. I had a stroke. So I know, you know, I was like, oh my gosh, I'm doing so much better, but I lost the left side of my body, I couldn't nothing move, you know, they had to go into my brain and dissolve a blood clot. It was very dramatic. My whole left side was affected. It took probably two years to get that back. Some people don't get it back, but I really worked hard. But then I saw disability from a whole different perspective, you know, because all of a sudden I'm a person with serious disability, I had I couldn't walk, you know, I had to get a handicap sticker for my car because I couldn't hardly walk to the store or walk it in the store. And
no,
actually, I have a a rare genetic disorder in my family And I had siblings born with severe disabilities in the sixties. And their stories are on that site you'll read about because they ended up having to be go into the institution because there weren't any supports in the community and they didn't do well. They died.
And then I had a disability. My mother was a nurse, she worked with people with Alzheimer's, you know, then I had some mental health issues. Then people started treating me like I was like, you know,
totally devaluing me. It made me so mad and then I brought up all this stuff with what happened to my sisters and brothers, you know, like I just can't let people be treated that way, you know? So I try to help, I have about 30,000 people on twitter following me and I try to educate them on their about disability issues and.
I'm kicking it.
Thank
you.
I mean for me over there.
Yeah.
we do.
I would like that on the website if you it tells like unlisted on the website it tells my bio so you can
probably email me through there if you want to try to get a hold of me. All
good memory. I knew you did.
Don't
do.
My memory sucks. Uh huh.
yeah. Well I do genealogy because I like history so much and then I get into the D. N. A. And the genetics. I mean my hobby is my work I guess that's kind of always been how I've been my whole life. It's like I just love my work so much. It's my hobby.
Thank you. It's fine. It's interesting. It's very challenging. Genetics is very complicated subject. And they have the gene spicy now did you see the new CRISPR that they can fix rare genetic disorders now? So that that doesn't happen.
That's really exciting. I'm so excited because oh my gosh you know I carry that gene I that's why I checked the D. N. A. And it's so debilitating. So it's called CRISPR. It's K. R. I. S. P. E. R. And there's a movie I think on amazon fine but you can watch it free and it explains all about the development of it and how it works. Yeah.
Well I don't get paid for it but uh you know that's okay because it needs to be done
and
I met
my work because I'm very active in Kentucky and I serve on advisory councils on public policy. I go to the legislators. You know, we we are very active about it,
Mhm.
You should.
What
what?
Wonderful.
What?
That's all ice on.
Yeah.
Education
every state I. D uh I D. E. A. It's I
think I think that's federal.
Oh it has become uh
Both
that came out of Iowa.
I know. Okay.
Mom.
I'm
sorry.
Yeah.
Well and if you go back to the sixties and early seventies my brothers and sisters couldn't go to school or church, they weren't allowed in so.
and we're
not
church or school, they got kicked out of the church. They were afraid of them because they look different
whatever
christian family it was our family church. I mean I just
work
well honey it wasn't jesus, that was the people who are afraid of what they don't understand. But that's
because some of that stoke, I mean it's not to that degree but people that's why people have to understand, they can't do that, that's wrong,
precision. Everybody's included. Uh huh.
Mom mom, I felt so sorry for her because you know, it was a little kid. So at the time I didn't get it, but then she couldn't go to church because they got kicked out of the nursery, that's where they stayed. So she could go listen to the preacher talk. So then they couldn't go neither could she because there was nobody to watch them at home, you know? So, so it's a little kid that really
made a profound effect on me, like, wow, y'all teaching me jesus loves everybody and then this
What? Uh huh
How are you?
And
there
Right.
Look
at that.
simple.
Well, and I think you can have a younger emotional like you, don't you? I mean, some people are very emotional, immature, they act like a two year old and 50 you know, I mean it's relative to how you feel. It's how you feel. They can't
Yeah. Well, that's okay. I mean if that's what you like, that's what you like.
It's
What?
we are time is almost up. Do you know what you're supposed to do? Like I got a timer. That's how I know, but we were supposed to like talk 25 minutes,
Okay. And then you got to go back to that one sheet. Like did you leave your screen open because you got to go back and do another like there's another 20
Yeah, there's a link. I just wanted to make sure you know what to do. So you get paid.
Okay. Yeah, there's
a link. You go back in there and click and then you'll spend another like 25 minutes answering questions about what we talked about or you know how this went. But if you want to hook up, look me up on that website, my name is Robin.
I did too. I really enjoyed it. And you gave me some food for thought to hopefully we can pick it up again and talk more because you really made me think about some things with my own sister and brother. I kept them in my mind at a young age. Like I didn't grow them up even though they got older on the outside and you know, grow into adults in my mind. I they were still that little kid.
huh.
See and I get that, so that's pretty profound because most people wouldn't understand what I'm even talking about. I like to me they were always like the age when they laughed. Like that young age that little boy and
little girl that was in there. Yeah.
Don't
like they take that from you. That's yours. That's up to you. You know, don't let anybody take that from you. That's your innocence.
What what?
What
what are you on
facebook as?
Okay. I'll
look for you on there.
Okay. It was good to talk to you
to me. You have a good day.