Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. It yeah yeah Yeah Yeah yeah Yeah. Mhm. Child,
can you hear me? Yeah
I
don't really know what we're supposed to talk about.
Hang on 1 2nd I'm gonna turn off my good too mm Is that better? Yeah sorry your piece. Um
Hi I really know what to say.
This
is
weird
Well
I am exhausted, I have a two year old and she is very
much to how are you? Mm
gets better.
My goodness.
This
one and she just turned two and she is very much like I've never seen so many feelings.
Yeah
listen
They are they're like I think she was about like 20 minutes ago I was like I don't know what happened. We had a schedule once upon a time. Yeah. Mhm.
she can't go up to the playground the same way and everything that she used to do for activities, it's just kind of, it's just closed now because we're in Washington over here so
they really just shut everything down.
Look.
No, she just
thinks she can't go play with her friends. How
are you doing with a five year old and an eight year old? Is that like remote schooling?
Zoom is a good idea. I need to look into that.
No, we got really lucky. I agree. So far. It's just healthy.
Yeah, I can't imagine especially like if you had a family member that passed away and you had to like you couldn't actually go to a funeral, you had to like watch it.
goodness.
In
how
am we had something similar and gosh, I want to say like the beginning of november our daughter, she got very very sick to the point that we took her to the hospital and they were like, they couldn't figure out what's wrong with her, she was breathing
funny
and um
we were like oh my gosh what if she had it before? They realized that like it was here because her doctor, she was like we had five or six different medicines and nothing was like touching it, she was sick for like two weeks and they just couldn't figure it out, they gave her 100 different tests and they were like something is seriously wrong but we just don't know what, and then just one day she woke up, she was better, we were like what if she had it and that that's why they couldn't figure out what what was going on with her, she was just like she was breathing funny and she was just miserable, she had this fever that wouldn't quit, it was so strange, it came like overnight out of nowhere. She was crying one day and just like the next day she just didn't even want to get out of bed like okay we're going we're taking her, it's probably that's what it was because it turns out that it was here for a long time and they just didn't know and like, you know, we we live right around Seattle so it wouldn't be surprising that you know, she could have come into contact with somebody and I was like, oh my goodness, we might have got really, really lucky.
I
think
she
she has a little bit more trouble with it then like where it's like if she's running now, she's like more out of breath and different things. But
we were like,
other than that it doesn't slow her down or anything, she's still so busy really? You know what? We'll take busy.
were
worried
Kelly took her like I want to say almost 11 times and every single time they give us something different or different advice because she hadn't even turned to yet. So there was a lot of stuff that they couldn't do and they were like well we know it's not our ski we know she doesn't have a cold, she's not the flu, like she was fine and she's just like miserable and eventually she just between Tylenol and they were like Benadryl give her Benadryl like something finally clicked and it worked and she woke up one day and she was just running through the house. It was like okay well this is what we're doing now, I'm glad you're better.
No,
it was
the weirdest thing because nobody else was sick. I was like if she's contagious we spend every minute together she's she's got something else. My husband was like, you know, he couldn't figure it out. Nobody else could. We were, they said you know, she was going to go in for some other specialized testing and ended up getting better on her own said,
Then Covid came out, we were like, oh my gosh, I bet that's what she had, that's why they had no idea what it was because nobody was talking about it.
I think
we can
kind of go out to restaurants but you can only sit outdoors and it's really some of them grocery stores are open but they've always kind of been open. But the area that we're in like they're doing different phases and openings, I don't know if they're doing that in California and we haven't made it past the first thing so we can take her to the park. Only some of them are open and once there's like five people because of social distancing you really can't do anything. And everywhere from I want to say like april you have to wear a mask everywhere. Really? Yeah, well we don't want to get anybody sick, well I want to get sick from anybody. And my husband, he actually, he was working remotely for almost three months. He finally got like he's an engineer, they finally were like okay you can go back into work. And he was like yes because
two year old and working remotely is just she is a daddy's girl. So she thought she was helping and she was not helping.
How is
that
where you are?
countries,
And
yeah, we were just grateful. Like my, I told my husband you know there's so many people they lost so much. We were like if the worst thing is you're sitting at home at least you have a job which is like so many people just don't anymore. It's crazy. Or like we were like you know we're still doing okay and there's a lot of people that like we know personally where they were like they were making hundreds of thousands of dollars a year and they just ended up getting furloughed. It's like that's crazy. It's like I'm just really grateful for the work at this point. It's like oh my goodness, I imagine being a teacher is hard
and
it like kids don't really get it and it seems like that's going to cause a lot of problems like they're not going to get terribly sick but like maybe they're going to go home and they've got parent or like a baby sister or something
like or you know sometimes people are totally healthy and they are getting very, very sick. So I mean, I think that like private schools in our area there allowing the kids to come in five days a week to actual classes.
Yeah, and I was like,
no, it's a horrible idea.
yeah, and then it's like how do you explain it to them, like in a way that they understand what you have, like our two year old world, you have to keep your mask on and like she thinks it's an elaborate game of peekaboo and thankfully nobody has gotten really frustrated at like the grocery store or something. Usually they're like just pull it down, but she tries to yank everybody's mask off and she thinks it's a big game and Oh honey, no. Mhm.
It's just crazy. Do you boys or girls or a boy and a girl or
how?
but
Yes. You would never have anything nice again. It would be destroyed.
That is great. I can't wait till we get to the stage where it's like she wants to play dolls and stuff right now like coloring any kind of coloring and she will color anything like that is where we're at. There's keep telling my husband we need to have another one. So she has somebody to play with and he's like, we're working on it someday. Not today.
He was like, you know,
she's enough and it took us, we we tried for like five or six years before we finally have her. So we were like, you know if that's it, then that's fine. But someday someday there is another one coming. I just know it. Yeah.
He doesn't know it yet.
Yeah. That was as we had what, 11 miscarriages before we had
her. And we were actually getting ready to talk to like fertility specialists because we were like what is going on? And they were like,
Oh you're pregnant.
And we were terrified for like almost the first eight months I think we didn't even tell anybody. So his
family, they
were like shocked. My family was like, well we assumed
because you were sick and then like she came and she was totally healthy. I was like, Okay, well we're never leaving each other again. This is it. My husband, he was just like hysterically crying. I was like, I know we finally did it. So
for us we were like, even if that's it, like we waited forever. So while
she's frustrating like, gosh, I don't know what we'd be doing without her.
I
heard
it
was worth it at the end.
And she loves rain, bows and unicorns. She thinks they're all ducks. I don't know why, I just don't look like a duck, but everything is a duck or mickey mouse right now, so we're going with it.
she um watches
the show. It's um called buster the bus and it's about a bus that gets into a lot of trouble doing all kinds of things and like she found it on netflix with your dad and I think we've watched it about 1000 times. Do your do your kids like, do they have their own little shows? My nieces
into frozen right now, She's crazy.
I have a president who didn't make much sense. Okay,
just
give me
all laugh and I'm good.
I
don't
I don't know if it's like fairies or if it's like some kind of
mythical
one. Yeah,
you know?
all.
I can't wait till mine will sit through the whole thing, buster lasts about 20 minutes and then he's just all around and basically all the things buster is getting in trouble for, she is also coloring walls and you know, she will climb drawers to get to cookies. So they're like, who took the cookie? And she's like me? And I'm like, no, it was buster. Okay.
Mhm Yeah. Like I've never seen a bus color walls outside of netflix.
I mean she's, she's blamed him for coloring some walls and now I'm like, who colored the wall buster? No, I don't think he colored it. Yeah. No, I really don't think so. Right. Mm hmm.
She's just such a goofy kid.
No,
she's all
daddy. Like she is if her dad was a girl, like all the way down to like the faces that they make when they get frustrated or like they're serious about something. Like it's always been that way. I remember when I had her like she had this look on her face like she was not sure why she was there. I was like, I've seen that before. But like they laughed the same and they like the same things and it's just so goofy.
yes. And he loves it.
It's gotta be night her. That's what you get. Yes. Anyone that likes me best and acts just like me. It's like well you know You might go two for 2.
I'm making his fingers crossed. Yeah. And it will be really unfair if there if it was you know both many husbands. Lebron. My phone charger. It's dark here. So what are your eating plan? I don't know.
I won't.
So your evening plans are the same as mine. I'm going to do the dishes and yeah the pain mortgage and then um I think I'm gonna make my husband's breakfast for tomorrow just so that he wakes up in does not eat the pop charts or like some
random gas stations something. Yeah. Yeah.
Let
me see.
And About four weeks. It's been about a month now. Mhm.
And his job had this whole covid training thing so everybody's and their own little bubbles and they've got he's like he's only allowed to show up there. It's like three days a week. They've got burying days so that everybody can come in and read their blueprints and do drafting and the way that they need to do so that they can Mhm. Apparently do something to our airport. I don't know if he tried to explain to me. I was like I know good for you.
three out of the five and then he works remotely the other two.
weekends are thankfully. Mhm
mm
simply do like bike rides and stuff because there's not much else that you can do.
It's
been
so hot. Like we were in the 90s the last couple of days and I like this would be a great time for a pool. Yeah.
Yeah.
How's the weather where you are?
How can
I
say?
No the mountains are actually hot or like It was almost 110 in the mountains so for the weekend um
but Now we only have like one month where it gets really hot otherwise we're like 60° most of the time. Um It
doesn't get terribly hot for a long time,
it's a lot of rain.
Yes you actually can have like blue skies and then 15 minutes later thunderstorm clouds roll in and it's just pouring out for 10 minutes and then it's blue skies again, just random storms,
Everyone else to say I'm so bad at this. Mm
I wasn't even tracking it.
It wasn't
as difficult as I thought it would be. I signed up for this because I have a friend that did prolific. I don't know which one you're signed up on. And I was like, yeah, sure I'll give it a go. I've got some free time was like uh okay, I'll try it. And so far it's been really interesting like just to see what people are studying like.
I did like two weeks ago. I have a brand new. Mhm.
Mhm.
You
are my
very first video chat ever.
Hopefully. Yeah.
It's nice
to
meet you too and
have fun doing dishes. It seems like that's
the mom playing right now. Please
do dishes, pacing bills. Go to sleep.
It'll be like an hour, but I hope you do too.
She probably will be. She's up at about five a.m. Every day. Mhm.
It
was nice to meet
you.