Hi.
Can hear me yeah. Okay.
Coquelin.
Oh what was that?
Yeah.
I know. Well
how
are
you? How are
how are you doing?
no.
yes, I remember those days. I
have I got kids. Yeah, I have a five year old and an eight year old.
So yeah. Is your truth, so you have 12 year
old?
No. Oh,
so sweet. Yeah, those are the days. I always hear the, have you heard the
freight? It's like the days are long and the years are short, So like you know once they turn 18 it's like oh it just flew by but I know the days are long.
yeah. Is that it has the pandemic like affected your kids schedule and stuff like that?
Mom.
Right. Right, wow, that's tough. Yeah, I'm in California, so yeah, I'm so sorry. I know,
it's terrible. Yeah, and she doesn't understand. Probably right,
we're
Just
Oh yeah. Yeah, That was tough definitely in the beginning. Um Well actually I home school so it's not it wasn't too big of a transition but it was a little bit because like they go out and they take like sports classes and they do they they would go to some extracurricular classes like one day a week and they would um go to ballet class. So so it's kind of funny like them doing ballet class at home like like in the beginning it was like what like this is really strange like so that they were we were not used to that like trying to do sports class at home and you know L. A. Class at home it was just not the same of course. But but yeah like so you know the first you know few weeks to a month was really tough for them but they've gotten used to it now and they actually do do like zoom um meet like meets with their friends. So they see them, so they talk with their friends and they play games with their friends over zoom. So that's been nice. So they're still keeping in touch.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So so we're grateful. We're grateful that we don't, we like none of us are sick and you know, we don't know anybody with with the coronavirus, I don't know if you do or.
Oh yeah, I'm so glad. Yeah, I know, it's so sad hearing all the stories on the news and everything.
Yeah, I know. We actually did watch a funeral. It's they're kind of like a they're like a friend but not like a super close friend, but you know someone we we knew or we we were in the same circles before and we haven't kept in touch with them in a long time, but we um but anyway, so he passed away um like a month or two ago I think and like my husband thinks that it has that it was probably like related to coronavirus, but it was never officially, like he had like blood clots, but
he was otherwise fairly healthy. But then, you know how you've been, I don't know if you've heard like in the news, like, like blood clots are related to coronavirus, so
he was never diagnosed with coronavirus, so it's like not officially, but then we're like wondering maybe it was related, you know, so it's weird. Yeah,
it was
no
one
or,
Oh my goodness, wow. Well
I'm glad
that that she's okay now. Did she have, does she have like residual like breathing
issues?
No,
I'm not how sad
Yeah, yeah, wow, wow, I'm glad she she's okay now. So
hard.
Yeah, especially, I mean you're her parent and you're like the doctors don't know what it is and yeah, that must be so hard.
Mhm, wow, wow, that's amazing. And like and it didn't spread like nobody else had it. Huh,
that's a good thing.
Where
what? It's amazing.
Right, right, wow, wow. So so what are things like over there now like are things still like really shut down and I don't really know what's going
on Washington
because
Well,
Yes. Uh yes, I hear you on that. Yes,
my
husband
my husband's working remotely still, so we're grateful for that. So he he's a teacher, so he he started working remotely like um so we started like California or where we were near Los Angeles, so we're like they kind of shut down um like middle of March and then um so then he was working remotely at home and then um and then they they said that the beginning part of um this school year, so at least for the first semester they're going to be remote again, so we're really grateful for that, so he's going to still be at home but he was working really long hours like the you know from March to like the summer, he was like on you know, zoom calls with students till like midnight, like he was just like constantly
like trying to teach them, he was like it was almost like teaching them one on one, you know, even though he has like 100 students, you know he's like trying to like get everybody caught up and so he was just like constantly busy and so I'm gearing up for that. He's just going to be constantly on the computer, you
know? But, but we're grateful that he can be home though, so.
Oh, I, I feel bad for the, I hear on the news like in certain states,
they're trying to open up like the schools and the kids are going, they want the kids to go into school and I'm like, how are the kids going to keep on masks the whole time and that, that seems way harder like than being online.
Looking for a rumor.
Oh, in person
the market,
Yeah. I don't know. It feels like it's just going to keep on this virus is just going to keep on going. It's like when is it my kids are asking like when is it going to end? I don't know. Yeah.
that's hard. I know. She's only two so Yeah. Oh, what a sweetheart.
older both girls.
Yeah. So it's been sweet. They like they you know, they played together so well and yeah, I'm so grateful that they get along so well. And yeah, my husband, he has a brother. So he was like, he's always telling me like when he was a boy, like he would wrestle with his brother and sometimes they broke their like their house lamps and stuff like that.
So I'm always like he's like aren't you glad we don't have boys who are resting in the house? And I'm like, yes I am
mm I know. Yes, they just play with their little dolls and you know pretend princess things and so yeah, I'm so grateful that they they love playing with each other so much. I mean they have their little spats of course, so like they need to have their alone time once in a while to like not be like I think you know you're just cooped up with the same people so you just need some private alone time sometimes, but but yeah, for the most part there, they just love each other so much.
I know he probably feels overwhelmed already with like the two year olds enough right for now uh
you know?
and
yes, that's wonderful, I'm I'm sure that you appreciate her so much because like yeah, like I had a miscarriage before my first so just like yeah like we were trying for a long time and yeah, I think it just made me appreciate them a lot more. Like whenever I I'm like tempted to like be frustrated like uh you know, it's like, I'm just always like so grateful just to have them, you know, like, so I'm sure you're so grateful, like you sound like you're so grateful to have her.
Well,
Crown
on
tom,
morton,
mormon
From
black
Oh, wow, thanks for
sharing
that with me. That's so beautiful. I'm so sorry you went through that
and
but yeah, she's like, she's like a rainbow at the end.
That's fun. That's fun. Does she have, like, does she watch shows or I don't know.
Into that?
Harmon.
Oh yes. I know they keep singing the songs over and over. Yes. We just, we just watched frozen too. But but three of us like so me, my husband and our younger one all like frozen one better. I don't know. Have you seen both of them?
We
do
hype.
You know my my younger one cried at the ending of frozen too I think because she loves her sister so much. And so you know how the ending is that the um Elsa like goes to the other village, you know with the, with the with the fairy, wait are they fairies? Who are they again?
I
forget
and
not come.
Oh yes, you're right. So like and then and then Ana stays as queen of the kingdom, right?
So like my little one was so sad at the ending because she was like, she didn't want to be said, she didn't want the sisters to be separated. Like she never wants to be separated from her sister. My younger one never wants to be separated. So like she felt like it was a sad ending and we were trying to explain to her that it was a happy ending and she's like, no, it's a sad ending. So
yes, but she likes frozen the first frozen a lot. So yes, they've been watching that. We just signed up for Disney Plus, so we've been trying to, you know, watch some of the different movies we're working our way through and yeah, so, so yeah, we just watched tangled or like, I kind of forgot the story because I haven't seen it in years, you know, I saw it a long time ago, but, but yeah, it's been kind of fun to watch all those films again, wow.
why? Yes,
I know, I don't think I've seen that either.
Yes.
Yeah, this is yeah. Does does her personality seem more like like a mix of you or your husband or like
more
like you?
Oh that's really cute. Does your husband see it too? Is he like, Oh yeah, she's like me or does he not?
Oh that's cute.
That's fun. Yeah, I think, I think my girls are like um like one is more like me and one is more like my husband, so maybe if you guys have a second one, maybe they'll be like you.
I'm
I just need to only pay some bills, just regular stuff. Yeah after they've gone to bed, I usually have to you know, do dishes, bills, nothing exciting.
What?
Oh
that's so sweet.
Yeah, so he's been, he's um like been off working, like where he's been leaving the house to work for, how long now?
Okay.
Okay, cool. Oh, so he goes in 33 of the seven days a week you mean?
Oh, I see, I see. Okay.
Oh,
good. Okay,
mm hmm. Yeah. How's the weather been
up
there?
huh. Okay.
Yes. Uh
Yeah, it's been hot too. It's also been in the 90's
I
guess.
I have a because I mean I've, I went to Washington once, like just for like a quick trip, but I guess I have this idea in my head as if like it's cooler there then, but I guess it's like, I mean, but you're not in the mountain, right?
what's
Okay.
Oh, I see.
Uh so it rains like does it rain when it's warm? Too,
interesting. Very interesting. Cool. It's so neat to talk with people who live in different areas to learn more about it because it's like, yeah, because I was, yeah, I've been here my whole life, so I'm not, I don't know, you know tons about, you know, all different areas of the world, but so that was cool. Yeah.
no, that was so fun to talk with you, I think, I mean the time looks like it's it's up, so it's been like yeah,
No, I feel like it's flown by
group.
they have some interest that you just started recently.
Yeah,
Yeah, I've been on prolific now for like Um six months, so I mean I'm still kind of new, but it's been pretty fun. Yeah. So that's cool
that
you're,
wow! All right. Yeah. Oh yeah, that was so fun. Yeah, it's usually just like, you know, clicking like research study kind of like, you know, almost like psychology studies, it feels like so, so yeah, this one is definitely kind of different with the Yeah, I don't we don't usually have these video chats, they're usually just like answering questionnaires or something, but Oh, that's awesome. I hope it's fun with the rest of your journey with prolific.
wow, okay, well, it's nice to meet you.
It
was
fun,
Nothing
worse.
Yes. You to hope you hope you can get to bed soon.
because your two year old will be up again soon, Right?
yes. Okay. Uh well,
again,
I'm
going to talk with you. Yes. Okay, fine.