Hi
Yeah I am
I'm tired. What about you?
Oh they didn't provide us any guidelines on how to do this so yeah
I've done studies. Yeah but never like what I had to talk to like real people.
so how was your day?
Oh
um it was rough. I had classes and work all day, it was okay, it's friday. Mhm.
mm.
That's a poster
it's a poster of Pokemon if you know the series. Yeah.
Mhm.
That's
series
mm That's serious. Right.
Uh They're not minds either like um
unfortunately I am not
a very talkative person.
Oh hello I noticed the cat tower in the background but Uh huh
I
I can't imagine what it must be like. I've never had a pet.
No I've had a fish but that didn't take much commitments.
Yeah.
that's fine. I'd like to have a dog if I can, but my parents are not bands of dogs or cats. What?
Yeah, They look like they just literally sleep in the house all day. Don't require much care.
I can't imagine that. I want
one, but yeah.
Uh huh. I think my problem is I tend to like larger breeds even though I'm scared of dogs, but like, like my parents want a small, cute, what is it Pomeranian? Well, I want like german shepherds.
Okay, mm
Uh for fun right now, that's my video games and talk with my friends. Yeah.
Oh, for video games? Oh, that's cool. Uh watching on her. Do you play?
Oh yeah. Unfortunately not my type of thing. I don't like, like I get anxiety from like all the gunshots and like sound effects, like.
I haven't played Borderlands. But what what is the body? Oh yeah, Valerie, you know about it,
It's like pretty much like, I'm pretty sure it's like called Duty and like modern Warfare, but like pretty looking characters. Yeah. Oh.
All right. I haven't played Fortnite I don't think, but I don't think it's the battle Royale time. I mean, you're like placed on a team of five people against another team of five people.
Oh no, no. That would just give me straight up anxiety.
Uh Alice you try. I usually just crouch in a corner somewhere while my teammates do the work. Yeah.
I mean I only do it because I hate like I hate engaging. I just crashed in a corner. Hope No one comes to me.
Uh No I've heard of the game and I think footage of it.
I mean it's a strategy,
I've heard of Destiny, I haven't played it, I'm like more like a casual gamer like the most intense game I play. Probably League of Legends. Yeah.
Yeah it's uh I don't recommend it at all.
What
every class I heard about
pepper classes,
I've heard of them. Never played them.
Uh Usually like I play usually like animal crossing if you've heard of it.
Yeah that's more like my type of game. Super chill. I can do whatever I want whenever I want.
yeah I do play that game. Well I played one iteration of it. Never again.
No I liked it but like I spent way too much hours in that game, it was not healthy. Yeah.
Oh yeah I'll start invalid like Goddammit I spent too much hours in that game as well.
No, no, no
that's
just way too much.
Yeah. You mean my friend is exactly like he has a specially dedicated to, if you know what Maple Story super bowl game.
it was a specially dedicated to that game in decades old.
Yeah.
Mhm. I imagine. Can I ask what you do for a living?
I'm glad it's helpful.
Mhm. I escaped that you're getting something out of this. I feel like I don't make the best conversational partner though.
Oh
Oh that's that's unfortunate.
Mhm. I'll make sense.
I mean you do your best like I don't know I'm a political science major actually, but I don't talk politics very often because I'm surrounded by people who hate politics or don't care. Well, I
get it. Yeah.
what?
As soon as you said, that already was like, I can kind of imagine where you live, maybe in the like approximate region of where you live. Mhm.
Like
I'm pretty sure I'm, this is like a complete assumption, but I'm pretty sure it's not New England. Yeah. Yeah,
that's why I love. Yeah.
Oh, never been. I actually don't know where it is on the map.
West coast. Uh huh.
Mhm. Uh, so near
in Washington.
I can imagine. Okay. I've always wanted to live in like, uh, not conservative area simply because I'm liberal and I think it be live in massachusetts, so we're not very important as like a state when it comes to elections. We always vote democrat. So I would like to live in texas where my vote would maybe matter more. It is a terrible idea honestly, but
mhm
mm,
mm I don't really want to talk about politics.
It gives me like a headaches and like I literally just woke up from a nap.
it's not your fault. I did that to myself. Uh huh
Yeah.
Oh,
I try to, but like honestly I'm so busy as a student, I don't really do much reading asides from like stuff I'm forced to read for school. Yeah.
I was kind of like that too. As a child, I read a lot, like, I'm pretty sure I read my library's entire like chapter both perfection.
they like the type of library that would ban things based on like I don't know.
good.
Oh wow. I'm surprised I always hear about how like um and like other parts of the country they're always um banning or some libraries are banning books that are like considered like classical works of literature but have offensive themes.
it's
kind
of ridiculous. Burn box
as such.
That's okay.
I've
been
Honestly anyone who thinks burning books is a solution, they should probably read what is it?
I believe it was Fahrenheit for 51.
it's a good book but only read it if you're in like the state of mind to like think deeply. Mm
that's understandable. Mhm
mhm mm
I like what?
No I am not an outdoors person, I'm probably the type to injure myself while doing some kind of physical activity.
Uh Maybe that's like unimaginable for me. I live in a city, I have always lived in a city my entire life so like hiking definitely not something I would willingly do. Mhm. Yeah.
I don't
think
Yeah. Yeah, but the idea of just walking
like that doesn't sound real lasting nothing at all.
All
No, I
get
it
now I edit cities are kind of too loud, too bright to everything. Can
I get like dealer of suburbia? Mhm.
Mhm Thank you.
Oh I imagine it be I don't like the sounds and like the feelings of walking in the wood. How crazy to me, but it's just less people and less like I don't know, advertisements and everything sounds that's artificial sounds. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
It's probably very bad that like, I'm not like it's probably healthier mentally and physically for like me to be more out in the, like the natural world. Mhm What does?
What?
Yeah. Mhm I don't know, I like not like attached to city life, but like I can't imagine like living in an area where the your closest neighbor is like a mile away, that's
just
absolutely
Oh my God, wow.
yeah. Yeah,
hmm. Mhm
Mhm, Mhm
Uh huh I can't imagine living in that type of town though, like surely you'd be sash forced to like get to know people like the 11 other people in town
Yeah.
Thank
you.
that's nice. Mhm.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Uh huh.
listen,
it's okay.
uh actually have to play video games my friends after this. Oh
yeah.
Oh shoot. I need I need you love really quickly then.
huh yep. You too.