Hi,
are you able to hear me?
Good, how are you?
A little bit tired? A little bit, yeah. Mhm. Yeah,
Have you done any of them before?
Uh sometimes they give a topic to discuss, but most of the time they don't, so you just have a conversation with a stranger? Yeah.
Not too bad. I just got off a volunteer at the library. Oh,
I just got home. Oh, how how was your day?
get the weekend now at least just friday has always seemed to make you work for it. Okay.
Uh huh uh what is the, is that a painting or a poster behind you?
Yeah, uh anime or something. I can't quite tell.
Uh my stepson was very, very addicted to it for quite a while.
He's autistic and it was one of his fixations, so yeah,
I don't
remember, I don't remember most of it, but for a while there I had to have a near encyclopedic knowledge of every Pokemon
Uh yeah conversations with strangers. Not exactly my strong suits.
Right. A lot of times I I get people in who just absolutely love to talks, I don't have to actually do anything
back.
Yeah, neither am I really uh major introvert? Yeah. Come here you.
that's his,
the other one wants to use it occasionally, but uh he tends to get a little bit possessive, which is kind of funny because he's less than a third oversize. Okay bye! Stop fighting kitten. And a very very stubborn one at that. How that's my leg. I think I need to clip your nails again.
Oh you haven't,
I really enjoy having them hey? Uh I couldn't imagine not having cats in my life and they also helped with with stop that. Yes. Do you want to go out there and set uh emotional stability and things like that? Uh huh.
Except for this guy, he's just Okay. Yes, that's my hair, sorry, He's
Uh I haven't had a dog for a long time, I uh that's all I had when I was young, but uh dogs just require a little bit more time commitment and uh more uh consistency than I had been able to give them for a while, maybe someday soon, but cats just let you get on with your life.
They require some, but nowhere near as much as a dog. Uh Dogs can be pretty high maintenance. Oh. Oh and like I said, they require a lot of consistency, especially if we get him as a puppy because and especially if they're a smart breed, because once they learn something which they can learn quickly, it only takes one mistake and they learned a new behavior and if it's not something you want. Yeah.
but
an older one that's already uh learned how to live and things like that can be good and they require less um constant attention.
Pomeranians are decent dogs but they are also very high strung. From when I had I had a loss of up so Pomeranian mix, Pomeranian gave him kind of a high strung but sweet nature law stops. So part gave him a very uh stubborn and I'm going to do it my way whether you like it or not, I had to do, he didn't last long with me because any time I went to lay down he was constantly up on my chest trying to bite my nose and I spent about two months trying to get him to stop that and he just would not do it. I'm not a super forceful person that way. He ended up with a going to the daughter of one of the guys who trains dogs for the military in Arizona, so I'm sure he's learned how to act. Okay. Okay.
So what do you do for fun?
that's pretty much the same for me. Uh although I do enjoy trying to learn how to develop them and do the art for them.
Yeah. Uh mostly RpGS uh some action and I kind of like the whole looter shooter thing that they've got going on with Borderlands.
you know the first couple of Borderlands weren't too bad, but I've got to say Borderlands three, it just goes so far above and beyond anything that I've played with constant gunfire and explosions. It it does set me on edge. It took me a while to realize what the problem was, but it's definitely the constant overload of noise and sound and sight flashes, everything okay.
Yeah, I've uh looked at it but I haven't actually played it yet.
see I think I know the one you're talking about, is it uh one of the Battle Royal Type, or is it um Team small team? Mhm.
Uh yeah, it's a team shooter, battle royal where you're up against 40.
Yeah, and for me, since I'm not actually very good at these type of games, it's just Get uh drop in play for five minutes, get shot in the head and it's over. Okay.
I should try that, that might actually be an option.
I actually did a little bit of that in uh have you played fallout 76?
they added a battle Royal type, where you and it's part of their daily class system, so you kind of have to go in and play it a little bit, so I go in and kind of hide in corners.
Mhm. Yeah. Uh Let's see uh Destiny, have you tried that one that laurel?
I have tried that, it just didn't quite appeal to me.
Yeah, I for online I mostly play think mos uh things like
ever questioned. Yeah.
World
War craft,
there are a lot more casual and social based than uh but there are far too easy for people to get sucked into and not play on a casual basis, I've met far too many people who just based their life around it. Mhm.
Yes, I have heard of it,
I'm old enough to have played the original back when I was a teenager. Um Yeah, Harvest Moon, have you played?
Yeah, you didn't like it?
Uh from what I've seen, starting value is even worse.
Yeah, I stopped myself before going spreadsheet on it, which I've seen a lot of spreadsheets for uh the absolute optimal path to do this or that.
It's
true,
I don't I have a little bit of that min max or spreadsheet type personality in me, but I prefer not to play games like that because at that point it's no longer fun.
I haven't read it, but I know what it is.
Yeah. Mhm. It and Minecraft get installed on the and roadblocks get installed on the library computers a lot, and I have to go in and install them. Yeah. Yeah, we
we all know what they're playing when they're doing it, but we don't actually care that much, but we still have to go through and uninstall them.
Uh huh. I'm actually disabled uh severe anxiety, social phobia. So uh talking like this is actually helpful for me. So
yeah, that's part of why I actually volunteers. Uh It's an outlet. Uh they've proven that volunteering actually helps with anxiety and things like that and it's also a social outlet.
Right. I've had worse, believe me. Uh
generally people are pretty polite and things like that, but occasionally you get someone who's really heavily into politics and that's all they want to talk about the whole time
and I'm the type of personality that just kind of uh nods and uh adjust their personality while they're talking to people. So after talking to someone who talks politics that's heavily against things I believe in, I feel kind of slimy afterwards,
It's a coping mechanism to get through it.
I
yeah I do care quite a bit, it's just I live around a lot of people who are absolute opposite of me, so it's actually dangerous to talk about politics here. A friend of mine, her father got stabbed recently because he was talking to someone about politics and mask
mandates and all that and they didn't like it. Yeah,
Maybe not, it's a rural area
and
Uh huh
Southern Oregon,
absolute opposite side of the country from you if you're in New England,
Northern west coast uh
south
of Washington, yeah just south of Washington, right between Washington and California. It's mostly known for Portland, which is where everyone is weird and uh riots this year. But the southern and western area or eastern area area of Oregon is heavily conservative compared to the have heavily liberal areas of Portland.
Yeah. Here where I live, my vote doesn't really matter much because I'm liberal in a uh
the red part of the state. Um but luckily this part of the state doesn't really matter because we have Portland and Eugene, so it at least get this covered. Yeah.
Mhm.
Okay, that's fine.
Oh, I'm sorry, it's straight and
cool.
Uh
do you read it all or?
I can get that. Uh Mhm. When I was young, I read a lot and then they stopped, I ran out of things to read at the library because they wouldn't allow me to go from the junior juvenile section, two young adult until I was older. So then I I stopped reading and then they started forcing reading in school so I didn't want to read then then I got out of school I started reading heavily. Yeah.
Yeah, that's pretty much what I did too. And then they stop, they I had kind of a backwards library, they thought okay if you're under a certain age you should only have access to the juvenile section, you shouldn't be able to read adult books. So
it wouldn't surprise me it was southern California, but it was another rural area, so uh getting oddly enough, the Deep South had better library
rule.
I did run into a little bit of that when I lived in the south. It was always disappointing to hear. And then always infuriating when people would do book burnings in the area. I mean burning harry potter, it was,
but
hi
it was kind of weird. Uh
Yeah sorry, I'm trying to think of other things we can talk about its
but Uh I
know
we need to do probably six or seven minutes just to make sure we're over the 25 so. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. And
but
yeah, I think so. Actually I haven't read, there are a lot of the true classic world defining books that I haven't actually gotten around to reading yet.
I try not to get too deeply into my brain or things go. Yeah
Oh
do you like hiking or anything like that? Oh
hiking or anything like that?
I'm not a super outdoors person but uh walking through the woods is always fun.
there there are hiking ads
that
are paved.
respect.
Oh yeah, that's one of those areas where people who grew up in a
city, you're uh you probably find city nights far more relaxing than I would, whereas if I even get in your own city, I I start getting a little bit twitchy. Driving
from
Portland
was a nightmare.
Although
you would be surprised how
loud and everything walking through the woods can be.
Yeah, I grew up southern California in the city and then moved to southern Missouri and my step grandfather had 300 acres that was bordered on three sides by uh National Forest, which was several 1000 acres uh deep
woods, so I'd go out and spend a month with him and just get long walking through the creek beds. Yeah. So yeah, kind of always been a part of my life, so yeah, I'm very used to it compared to cities. Okay.
It does help, but you never know. Some people
just can't do it and it wouldn't be good for them.
I've
only
done that a couple times, but I actually lived in a We had neighbors, right? Mexico, but uh there were only 11 people town,
but although it was very noisy because we had a train which ran through the town four times a day. Yeah, that
wasn't very nice.
Oh.
Oh
pretty much everyone knew what everyone else was doing, saying and thinking, oh,
cross keyboard. Uh it was actually
somewhat nice. So
because you go out and you start mowing your lawn and suddenly you have three or four neighbors coming over to with their mowers to help the rest of it. Cool.
Cat! Yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
Stop, Stop, stop. Oh,
away. Mhm. Oh, sorry, He's just breaking
things.
Oh Well we have actually gone over the 25 minutes if you uh wanted to and this or if you want to talk more we can. It's up to you.
Yeah.
And we have 20 minutes of questions afterward too, so.
You have a good night.
Bye.