Hello. How you doing?
Pretty good. Pretty good. So
uh I guess we got 25 minutes to talk about something. Mhm.
Yeah. No actually you're my third
Yeah
I had
I
had some
oh I'm sorry go ahead go ahead.
but.
Yeah I have one. yesterday and um prior to that maybe a month earlier. So yeah this is pretty cool. Nice way to make a little extra money.
Yeah that's pretty cool. Yeah so I'm brian.
Okay amy how you doing? Okay so what do you wanna talk about? Amy
uh My first conversation was pretty cool. The gentleman yesterday excuse me? I just woke up and hanging out with my wife so I looked like a flower. Uh Yes yesterday he was he sent a little uncomfortable. Uh So I had to kind of you know break
there.
right right right so so I had to break them into I'm a salesman so I know how to talk talk. My wife says I know how to talk garbage, so I know how to talk and break the
ice, so yeah, so uh it was okay, it was nice, you know my first conversation was awesome. Uh How was your first one?
Thanks for
coming
out.
Oh
So are you a student? You sound like a student?
Yeah, I'm uh I'm a salesman and I'm running an internet marketing business and I do this this is this is sort of my lead into that. Uh and then eventually I'll be able to give up my job so
traditional job so I can do this. So this this is pretty cool, so I'm excited about this.
Actually.
That's interesting. My daughter was here with me and my wife yesterday. She's 23. She
wants, she's going to med school, so she's doing what she has, she's not in med school. So she was asking me what do I do? So I told her so now she's doing what I do uh on the internet. And she's like, well, if I get my, you know, if I go to med school graduates, I don't know if I want a traditional job. And I was telling, you don't, realistically nowadays, you don't have to do that. Uh You can you can be, what do you guys call it, Nomad or whatever you call it, where you're traveling around? Oh,
She
she's in her third year college. She's like, uh she's almost finished and she she got hired at uh one of the local hospitals I think at the same job
and
she's
going to go into internship to be, she told me what it is, uh the person who handles you know, who gives the uh the tools to the doctor. Yeah yeah,
so she that's what he's getting ready to do.
Thank
you,
thank
you.
Thank
you,
I was telling her that because uh you know if I was was you guys age because I can tell you you're a tad younger than me, I can tell that. So if I was your age and
her age, I wouldn't even think about a traditional job, but that's just me. Uh I just think it's wonderful man, you know I know some people in their twenties making 10 grand a month uh
online.
love it, I wish it existed when I was younger but uh you know, so what is it exists now? So I'm taking advantage of it, but it's beautiful, it's beautiful. I uh I made pretty much all my money online. I mean even even with the traditional job that I'm connected with, I do their internet marketing, so uh I love it, I love it. I told my wife I wish I had, I thought about doing this 10 years ago and I kind of goofed around with it. I
internet market, that's what I do. Yeah, I promote other people's products. I don't have any product my own, I promoted all search engine optimization, do a little Youtube things that train other people to do it. Uh I do help create instagram accounts, but I don't put my face on it, don't you know, I'm I'm uh non
existent,
Uh Yeah, it's uh I'm loving it, I'm loving it. Um So yeah, so, you you want to be a doctor?
Okay. Okay. All right. So, what is the P. A. What is that?
Your
your screen went blank. I don't see you anymore. I can hear, you know,
You know, sometimes it's not your system. When I was on here yesterday, it just went blank and then it came back. So sometimes I think it's the uh prolific.
I can hear you. That's the main thing. So,
no, that's okay. That's okay. We don't have to see each other to talk.
There
you go. You're back. Okay.
I'm sorry. I was letting you know. You're back.
Right. Yeah, I had, she told me it was long. I had no idea. I thought it was six years, you know. But,
can
it be?
Okay, cool, cool. So what do you what do you think of all of this uh coronavirus and all of this stuff? How
long do you think it's gonna last you? I mean,
or do you think it's a whole hoax, because I've heard so many people say it's not real and I don't tell people because people are dropping dead, so.
Thank you. Have
you heard about?
No,
it's
OK.
Yeah, she she's she's gonna go on campus, I think. Uh So, yeah, but, you know, I don't know how they're gonna handle that uh you know, with the coronavirus and she, you know, she just started wearing the mask. She didn't believe it. I mean, I started immediately, because I have as I have asthma and my wife has a heart to do, so we can't play around with it. Uh So yeah, it's going to be interesting and I agree. I think, I think it's going to be going on way after january. I think we're going to be locked down for maybe another year. I don't I don't think that's an exaggeration,
I
just
thought about that lot. So this is how far back is this throwing you? I I didn't even think about that.
Up around March. And that's
when I started feeling, uh because I think I call it and
I think
I just got past it because of what I do. I uh I social distance by nature because of what I do. So it just so happens that my job allowed me to transition from the office to home, but I'm pretty sure I caught it and it just because it was horrible and so she she went through that too. But
go ahead. I'm sorry. No. No.
What?
Thank
you.
Thank you. Yeah because it's it's miserable, I'm telling you it's miserable. It's it's not something I would wish on my worst enemy. But here's an interesting thing. I'm almost scared to bring this up. But you you seem easy to talk to you. So you said you wanted have confidence in your government. Well how can you with? Okay, now I want to be careful
because I
don't know
if
you're
republican
or
democrat.
I don't know if you're a republican or democrat, how can you have faith and uh mr trump?
Now I don't know if you voted for him, but I
don't.
Yes.
so
they're
accustomed to these kinds of outbreaks a little more I guess.
All
yes
yes I agree. 100%. And then we have a president who said he thought it was a hoax.
was he doing that? I wasn't what
where did
you
did that?
wow. Okay.
Yeah.
yes I did I wasn't aware of that. So uh here's uh sort of my take on it also I agree with you 100%. I don't know if I'm paranoid or uh I don't think I mean I wouldn't put anything past as president or this uh the Republican Party or whatever but I don't know I wouldn't it wouldn't shock me because of the outbreak. You know it was affecting minorities, african americans more than anybody else and minorities so called minorities. I don't really care for that word, but because of that has been happening it wouldn't shock me if he said okay we'll just let it kill 10
20,000
of them.
Yes.
It's a crazy thing to talk, I didn't mean making uncomfortable, I'm sorry
but
all right so yeah that's my take on it but I think we're gonna get him out of there. Uh that's my take if
he wins. I don't it would be a miracle from God. So
she
was
coming.
I mean
it is and I think I have to agree with you, I was actually on the phone with my daughter when she wanted. I remember being you know, I'm a bit sarcastic so I remember saying to her, we're in the twilight zone. I couldn't believe it. It was it was a shock. And I think a lot of it is what you said. No one thought he would. I thought this guy is a psychopath. He's not, he's a sociopath, at least he's not gonna win. He won. So there we go. So I'm with you. Yeah, we got to get out there and vote. I I'm pushing the vote really hard and uh, I believe he's going to lose, but I I respect what you say. We can't take it for granted. Uh, you know, you know, there's a lot of republicans, have you seen are you a Youtuber?
Okay. So have you seen the republicans against trump movement? Yeah,
yeah. So it's hundreds of these people who are leaving the republican party to vote for biting although they're not crazy about him but they're just so adamant about getting trump out. So I thought that was beautiful.
Now
oh you mean when him and Hillary were running?
No
honestly Elizabeth war she was my uh she was my best choice and you know what? No it was between her and bite. I liked her her uh passion but at the same time I like I like biting uh temperament experience. Uh
And oddly enough uh we're interestingly enough he may pick her as his running mate. Uh
you know.
for today?
Well
All
that's interesting to me. So you got do you guys live online the young people you just live online? Is that sort of is that an exaggeration or is that kind of true? I'm talking
capitalist point in
Vietnam.
Really? That's interesting.
That makes sense. That makes sense. If you don't mind me asking who was your choice? I? M feeling a feeling that you were?
Bernie was good.
No,
I get
you.
If Bernie had won the nomination, I wouldn't have had an issue with that, you know, I could have gotten behind that. What do you think of people saying he was when he said he was a
I was gonna say nationalist but he definitely is not natural. Uh
Socialist.
Yeah.
More
of
them.
Yeah.
Sure.
What?
I agree.
I
agree, I agree, 100% yeah, I don't uh I'll just sum it up by saying, I don't think a little, I think a little socialism is okay, that's just my opinion, I don't have a problem, We'll
see
these three subjects are intense, but they're so easy to talk about because we're at 4:30 pm, Yeah.
no,
no, I'm not rushing, you know, take your time,
I don't
know.
Exactly, exactly, and because we are, you know, not same age, but on the same wavelength, it was pretty cool, it's interesting because I, you know, I debated on whether or not I should have even brought it up because the gentleman I spoke to yesterday, I definitely wouldn't have brought it up because he was uh he was nice, but he was, I could just sense divide, he was he was kind of uh he was a little shocked when he saw me and then I said, ok, well I get it. So I just sort of toned it down
but
right, thank you. Yes, yes. And he was uh we got through it though. We got through it.
yes, because like I said, I'm a salesman, so I like a challenge when someone is uh you know, my wife calls me crazy. I'm the kind of person who will go out of my way to confront uh not a person, but maybe an uncomfortable situation. I'm the kind of person who will confront it because I I just kind of want to see the uh the outcome and like you say, welcome to America. So what are you gonna do? You know? All
right. Well, is that,
I'm talking to. I hope you succeed in school.
All
you. All right, bye bye.