No, I'm good. How are you?
I
minutes. Is this your first conversation with someone?
Oh yeah, you're my third too. Yeah. Yeah.
I had
a line like oh
sorry,
go ahead.
No, no, no, sorry. Um Yeah, I had one like a month ago and then I had one
on saturday. That's a pretty quick in between.
Yeah, no, I think it's for only 25 minutes of time. It's definitely like
nice to meet you. I'm amy
anything. Had your conversations with the other people go.
I feel like that's
normal. I feel like especially if this is like throwing it in with like during a conversation with a stranger, like that many people do that like on their own choice.
Perfect.
I feel like my first one was a little, I think um I did more of the talking as well because he was more like on the quiet side so it was just like a lot of like question answer, question answer expand on one topic and then but the one that I had on saturday, that one is actually
like
my second
mom was actually pretty good. We ended up she was like very she she told me she was reading a book about economics and then um
like the structure in society right now too and like well contribution. So like we were discussing that and like that was like pretty interesting. Like I feel like the time went by really fast. Well yeah and then we just like talked about like what we're doing and like our opinions on like different things when
yeah I am a student. I'm going to my fourth year of college. Yeah.
I love him.
I feel like like every job like that the term traditional job is even changing nowadays like there's some ways and I think it's so important to be knowledgeable that like you don't like the traditional job isn't coming
like it doesn't have to you don't have to go to it like super fast, there's nothing and it even so like build up your passive income which is like what we're doing right now. Yeah.
So.
there's so many. I feel like um within because I'm interested in medicine too, I'm like on the pre med route. So yeah is she in the
process of applying or issue
who
have
fighting?
That's really cool.
yeah I feel like especially within like um
the
medical route or like the health filter out. There's so many jobs now that are being created that there's
no
like there's so many ways you can be your
own boss,
you can decide about hours, you can like choose whichever route you want to go to and if she doesn't want to like stay put if she wants to travel there's so many like different avenues for that too. So
good.
Yeah and you
know I think they're able to do that because they don't have a traditional job even I feel like um the the idea of a traditional job kind of like sets you in these barriers that like have to. But yeah if you're just like creative with different defined different sources of income I think. Yeah I think that's so interesting to like not everyone really understands or even knows about like different forms of income too. So it's like you really even have to find yourself What. Yeah.
with internet marketing or
like
behind the scenes. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah that's um I'm right now in between doctor like MD. And like P. A. I felt like the M. T. Is kind of like it takes like a long time. It's like four years, four years of med school and then like eight years or so. Or like four more years of like residency plus more if you want to or other. Yeah so it's it's quite a long route but I feel like um Kia it also does the same similar things as like an empty and it's shorter time. So I feel like I'm leaning more towards that so it'll it's just seeing where things lined up here. So
um it's a physician's assistant that basically are able to do um a lot of the things that a doctor can do but they still have someone above them so they're not able to completely prescribed things. Like they still need to have like an M. V. On top of them to check it off. Like an actual doctor to or not even an actual doctor because their doctors themselves
but they're not able to like um like
I'm not even sure how to.
Okay yeah let me know if it comes back so I could mark it down or.
Sorry about that.
Yeah. Yeah. Um But I think the hours are more confined to a certain amount of time. I feel like with like a medical doctor sometimes it's sometimes the hours can be a little wild like
go over now.
perfect.
No no no thank you for letting me know. But yeah I think definitely what drew me to like physician assistant it's like the hours are better and I feel like the work, the work life balance is more in pregnant. And I think like as I'm getting older and as I'm considering it I'm like wanting work life balance a little more and like not willing to put myself through like eight more years of school. So
yeah, it's some can be six years. It definitely
the
like yeah, like four years of med school and then your residency depends on however it depends on like what specialty you go into or like what field of medicine to. So yeah, I don't know maybe before. Yeah.
Um In terms of what
that
Yeah. I just I um I think it's interesting to hear the conspiracy theories but I definitely don't believe in them. I think there's so much science behind that goes into it, there's so much research that I've done that has been done. Um People must be really good if they need all of this hoax. But I yeah I'm a little bit it's scary to think about because um I don't want it to be true, but with the way our government is handling it, like I don't think, I think that we will be in lockdown for at least.
I don't
sorry,
I don't know how to properly say this. I think we'll be
in lockdown
after after january because I think some people are only looking up until like january and then seeing like what things will go um then, but I think it will definitely go way longer. Um A lot of people aren't taking like the lockdown seriously and I think, I don't know, is your daughter having to go back to college?
That's that's so scary to think because like I'm like, oh no, like I remember when it first came out and then they were there were talks about like the graduation of the previous year when it happened, everyone was like like I know my ear was like oh no that sucks. You know like I can't imagine things are here, but like not only did we miss our last quarter, we're missing an intent. The last year of college too
sort
of.
I remember it started the first time news came up about it was probably um the late january middle of january because I remember there is um there were rumors that someone at U. C. L. U. S. C. Had contracted it. So like my campuses like 15 minutes away so we were like oh no like do we have to take any precautions? And my job is like high contact job. We were like oh no like did we have to watch help? But things kind of subsided. Nothing really. Like I wish I had taken advantage and been more grateful that like um nothing I I think it's just like um based on our government to basically would have taken it more seriously and I guess um but then things didn't start to get really serious until March perhaps because that's what they said. I think they also might have sent your daughter home as well. Yeah,
I would
thank
you.
And
no,
I was just going to add like I'm glad you got
over it like it's not easy.
I hear so Yeah.
No,
no,
no,
go
ahead
and say it. No,
I
don't I don't get offended or anything. Yeah.
No,
I
think that I I I don't want to assume either, but I do feel like we're kind of on the same side. I don't have that much faith in him. I feel like that was more of like a sarcastic mark. It was um I think seeing how different countries were able to handle it because they took it more seriously in the beginning. Um
it could have prevented so much more and I think I read a lot about our country's so stuck in the individualist mindset that we're not really thinking about the general public. I was reading about on of course like the demographics of our country is different. So like, so we can't like we can't fully look at like how like how it's spread within other people, like within other countries because America has such a large, a wide range of like ethnicities that like our bodies will react differently. Um but in terms of what the government could have done, like more testing, they could have locked down longer. I think they could have traced it more. Like I think something that our country wasn't able to do because the people have so much say which isn't necessarily a bad thing. But I think in terms of this it was such a public health concern. But people were still saying like no it's not too an extent that the government needs to step in and intrude on our life completely. Um I know like um South Korea and Taiwan and like Hong kong even like a lot of other countries, they had already been exposed to a different virus prior to it that were like having similar symptoms. So what they did this time they increase their their testing like as soon as it started and then they they did something called like contact tracing where everyone had to trace, not only where Covid was, who had it where they were and like notified. So everyone was able to avoid those areas.
Got
it.
Um Not I think not accustomed, I think their government was just prepared because they didn't want uh they didn't want an outbreak similar to it. So they just put more resources towards it. So they prioritized it. I think our country didn't prioritize it because when they didn't think it would be as severe
to they didn't think um they just, I think they like they just didn't want to put money on it. But or how they really, I think this idea that we're the greatest country in the world and that we have to follow what other people are doing, that's what really holds
us back.
Yeah, exactly and this this um president that's still using the name the chinese virus to call it, which is even pushing people apart more. So I think
yeah, we called
it the
flu
virus. So even um
yes,
I think that in itself it's him not taking it seriously and him not seeing the impact of those words and how it can like have a trickle down effect to his, um, supporters and how they make things like, oh, it's not even our fault, but in reality they're making like, oh, in the beginning sure it wasn't brought to this country by them, but it lasted in this country because of their actions.
I know. I wouldn't
do
that. And I think that's what he, I think with his, um, with his act to reopen schools, he doesn't see that severity and the people who are pushing for schools to reopen don't understand their privilege. Like he said, like it is affecting minorities, especially like black communities more. I think, um,
people are understanding why it's affecting their communities more, but it's even just in terms of like health insurance, why they have to go to work more, why they're like higher contact and things like that. So yeah, at all.
No,
I'm no, no, no, I'm not. I like having these conversations really interesting to hear like other people's perspective. I was just thinking, yeah, no worries. I'm not uncomfortable.
And
I want to say, I want to say with certainty that like he won't be
reelected,
but
I'm also afraid to continuously push that thought because then more people will be relaxed about like not going to go vote, not going. I think it's, it's so dangerous. I remember I was working the For the 2016
elections. I was working the booth and it was, I think it was just when I went home and I found out that he had one. I was just so talk because I was like, there were so many, you know, the statistics had shown that he wasn't going to win. So he certainly wants it. So scary to think about. Yeah.
No, I'm not well on Youtube a lot so I've probably seen it.
I have seen that actually. I think it's not on facebook or something. I saw someone, I saw one of the video
um if you don't mind me asking who is your um who is your pick out of the presidential candidates? Like out of all
of them, not now, but like a prior
or um when all the Democratic candidates and all the Republican candidates were before they stand it down to before biden
and trump.
wow.
No, I heard
it was going to announce it soon. I think it will be interesting to see.
He says, I'm not
sure about today. I usually just find out I go on twitter and I
find out I had generations way of getting the news. Mhm.
I think,
I
think it's um I don't think it's too much of a stretch. I do think we do get a lot of our knowledge and a lot of things we do is online.
Um Yeah our creative outlets are more like offline I would say. But yeah definitely I which can be, it's like a double edged sword, it's both a good thing, but it also killed this at the same time. I felt like especially with like misinformation spreads around like rapidly or like very easily. Um even so like it's a the accessibility that it's brought a lot of people and I think that's that's that's like a really big plus. And even so like accessibility in terms of like, oh everyone has like certain outlets, like not everyone has to read the news all right, the language that they use not everything is so like up their english it's like broken down to a colloquial english like more people can understand what's going on.
I I like Sanders like burning yeah
um a lot of people like say what he preaches is like a really big stretch but I think like we see it happening in so many other countries and our our country like has the resources and like a lot of things what he preaches like it would allow for so much more opportunities for those who we're not for those who I'm missing the word right now
but for
lot
of those a lot of a lot of the people from disadvantaged backgrounds to um have similar opportunities and it closed that gap like the with cap the opportunity to our community that so
Socialists
he's I think people were saying he was more of
a socialist right? Like very extreme. Um
what always so I feel like the idea is a lot of people say that like socialism leads to like like it breaks the country down like in the past like it never worked. But I think um and then
so were
thought
to believe that like it's so impossible that like a lot of this can't happen right?
I think that's just like the other side telling us like no, you know like it's only right that some people survive at the top and others are not getting it. You know it's like survival of the fittest. Uh huh
So I don't think he's too extreme. I think there's there's enough funds to go like around. I think a lot of people are like oh he's so extreme like where we're friends Like how does
he have to pay for everything? Like health care for all education for all? Like that shouldn't be. But then it's like why not? Especially
in terms of health care for all like, like other countries with that are similar in an economic status as us like have health care for all um and there making it more which allows like so many more people to to receive it. And especially in terms of like education, like I've seen so many people at my school, like they're not able to continue their education because of financial reasons and then it continues that cycle and it's like how can we break out of this cycle for so long if you don't try new things
so.
I
know.
that's I felt like it went by really fast again. Um
I
Oh no, um I think it also may have been easier to talk about because we are on the same wavelength a little bit with other people. I feel like or like people with closing sides. I know like especially on
social
media outlets like on facebook I just see so many like um posts that are disagreeing that are so I think a lot of a conversation with a person on the other side would have been how to talk about this without one offending to make it more understanding.
Like
welcome to America.
Yeah, I mean it's it's good that you were able to hold the conversation like you said like you're able to make small talk enough. Yeah.
Well
Yeah, it was nice to meet you, meet you.
Yeah, I hope you too. I
hope Yeah.