Okay, mm hmm. Okay. Yeah. Yes, that's
it.
But I guess you're right on time.
What everything going through fine for me.
True. Yeah.
I mean, I'm doing all right. Yeah. As well as can be expected I suppose.
yeah.
Well, it seems you found a place and lucky enough to be at home have my
green screen because I work remotely.
yep. And that way my house could be missing. No
one work can complain.
But yeah.
So how's is this your, like, what year colleges this
for you?
All right. So you do know what it's like to be at college? Not during a pandemic.
stinks. My little sister is also in her sophomore year of college and then my other sister is a senior in high school. So that
it hopefully by the end of the year she'll get to do the normal like prom and graduation stuff. But the beginning of her senior year has been
thoroughly disrupted,
But
she goes to Wisconsin.
And okay.
But yeah.
I'm yeah, I'm a little shocked whenever I hear people are still actually, you know, on campuses.
It's
nuts.
That is also troubling. All right.
Yes, definitely. Uh You know, try to respect all of the guidelines, but it doesn't necessarily sound like even then it's going to be enough.
Well, that sucks. I'm sorry. You have to have your college experience disrupted by this.
Yeah, I am, you know, lucky enough to be done with all that stuff, but it's still a lot for everyone.
So you far from home or do you?
Uh Is where I lived until a year and a half ago.
Okay. I lived in old 4th ward, like right next to ponce city market, Right.
Yeah. I mean I also worked in ponce City Market. Uh
So it was very nice for me but it was definitely
busy.
Okay. Yeah I didn't drive
much
at all
now. Atlanta traffic is terrible. Yeah but yeah I mean I liked Atlanta Penn State is quite a,
yeah so yeah I left Atlanta like a year and a half ago I moved up to D. C. Yeah.
Uh I mean I I like to see a lot so it's been it's been good but also yeah this whole year has been quite the experience. Yeah.
What?
my my wife works for a research lab that they as soon as the pandemic started it was like oh well we have all this funding now for Covid research
it's like that's kind of nice. But it also means you're all going to be working with covid
like
great, great pluses and minuses there. Um,
yeah. Everybody is sort of in the dark, so Right.
It's
not
Yeah. It's weird to think about living through a like once in a century kind of event. But
I mean, immunologists and people who study this stuff have known for a while that this was gonna happen. Uh, and it's eerie seeing, you know, people from several years ago on tv talking about how, yeah, there's going to be like a, you know, weird coronavirus that's going to
become a pandemic. It's going to ruin everything.
And you know, don't gather in large numbers and try to stay home if you can. And yeah,
it
yeah, yep. Or you decide to have a parade, uh, just, you know, common sense stuff
and what
Yeah. And it's also just one of those like, there's a huge uh you know anti intellectualism movement
that people like scientists say it. So obviously it's, you know,
propaganda,
Oh yes, because there wouldn't be more efficient ways of doing that. Even if it were true, I was gonna say everybody walks around with an open microphone uh listening to things that they're saying, but it's the vaccines, how they're going to get us. Yeah.
Hello? We'll see. Mhm. Um
uh Well, you're from Atlanta, so you might be aware of mail chimp.
So
they're a software company that does like email marketing stuff and they're pretty cool and they're based out of Atlanta. Uh and I still work for them. I just I went full remote. So I'm gonna do software development stuff.
How about you? What's your major?
I'm.
that, yes,
that is definitely unfortunate. I mean.
Yeah, it's also one of those things where you won't be alone. Like there will be a lot of other people who will have gone through the same thing
and you'll be able to, it will just be one of those.
So, but still sex.
Well, that would be nice.
Um and I mean, yeah, I mean that there worse things, which is the other thing I have to keep reminding myself like relatively speaking like things are all right for me. So
yes, the, the I cannot imagine how much harder it would have been, you know, 100 years ago during the flu epidemic when there weren't telephones let alone video
conferencing.
It's
it's just nuts to think about how like much more awful things
would be without technology,
So uh just a very strange time. Yeah.
So is the, how long have you been doing the prolific thing? Is that how you got here?
You're sitting at home not really doing anything. May as well take some extra money.
Uh huh. What's
that?
wife got me started because she's looking for ways to make extra money. So she was doing it and I think she was on, it's a city called Rechner,
which before prolific, which is cool and all except, yeah, she finds that she goes through the like five minute pre screening thing and at the end is always disqualified. What's
the point of this?
I agree. That was the other reason I've been able to stick with it.
Because I mean, as much as it may be me, just, you know, lying to myself, it does feel like I'm helping science.
I remember in college it was a requirement for my psych 101 course that
you had to participate in the research stuff.
Yeah. And it reminds me a lot of that stuff. So even if I'm not really, you know, doing great scientific work, at least I'm helping to get
somebody through their
That's
good.
Yeah. I'm interested
in how
out. I wonder how divers the prolific user bases sometimes.
Uh Yeah. I don't know either. I wonder if you could get some prolific should actually. I guess they should probably share some of that data with
researchers.
I think they also probably, I wonder like so my wife and I get the same studies sometimes, but not always. And we
are in very different demographics. Um And so like being trying to figure out like this prolific. Is it truly a random sampling or does it just wait like somebody needs to fill out a study with particular demos?
I've also seen, I'll be sitting at my computer and I'll see a study come through and generally the higher value ones like immediately fill up and you're like, what do these people just sit and watch
all day?
Me too.
it refreshes once a minute and I think that's a limit on prolific sappy and so definitely like I'll see a thing pop up that's like a fairly like well paying study and it's gone as soon as I could, it's like, wow, these people
are fast.
No, I was actually supposed to do this on sunday and there was a no show.
I guess it's also interesting that it's one of the few that I've seen that says explicitly um that it's like acceptable to do more than once. Um I've had other ones asked me if I've done the study before which I assume is so they can throw out duplicate data.
Um But this one is like yeah you can do this as many times as you want
is interesting. I also my I saw a thing on Reddit that was somebody who was looking to find their chat partner from this
study.
Yeah they're like I had a really great conversation and then cut off.
It
was like that's cute. Yeah. Yeah.
Um And uh
it's interesting. Yeah.
Oh it's a big cloud computing platform. So a lot of the there are lots of stuff like hosted in Harajuku but it's all um usually the applications are hosted there
but then
the user facing stuff is a different U. R. L.
S.
yeah, which is the other thing that I've found with the prolific studies that I find fun is they always have like comments at the end and I'll go through and I'll just be like, yeah, so it's very obvious from the look of the application that I wasn't talking to real people or there will be problems with like form validation and I'll tell them what the problems are,
Uh Yeah, I mean I work with software, so that's that's one class of people,
but just generally people who have been exposed to the internet will recognize that they're being lied to
first.
right,
mhm. Um it's uh yeah, I don't know. Spirit.
with, yeah
uh I did uh cops I at north Carolina state,
so
I love you would be surprised my wife is a veterinarian, so she had to do a lot of, there'll be a lot of overlap with the pre med
stuff, so when you start getting into like pharmacology and whatnot,
okay. And will be helpful.
or just
being
able, being able to recognize uh like somebody comes in with uh like phosphates poisoning and you're like, oh well, it's probably what that is.
Yeah.
Um it's I think in every field there are a lot of classes that feel like they are unimportant while you're taking them. Uh but then you get a little farther in and it suddenly starts to make sense. Yeah.
I'm
I'm
Yeah, yeah, I come size more like the business side of things,
so like I worked the whole time I was in college
and yes uh adjusted for inflation, I was making that much money as well.
Yeah, I definitely, I did see both sides of my wife and I were together in college as well and she like had to get her um like work requirement hours which was a lot of like begging, you know, either like vets offices or other like animal organizations
like come work for free.
Yeah, there were good things
too though she
got Yeah. Yeah, but um at least that's another nice to know some things about college never change.
Yes, hopefully people are following them better than the uh
there was the frat guys who tested positive for covid and had to stay at home and uh they decided they were
going
to
Yeah, it's like but I'm at home uh
Right. I think you might be missing the point there.
What?
Also a very college
thing.
Just people being
loud and obnoxious.
I'm sure it will. That is
I'm just watching and dreading. Okay.
Yeah.
Also uh that that yeah odds there are pretty insane. Mhm. Yeah
reminds me there's a statistic that's like ever since we started putting satellites in space, things have fallen from space like once a day.
I have never hit a person,
So uh
you'd think that like something would have been destroyed by a following satellite? No, it's just never happened.
70% of the earth. Pretty uh easy to avoid.
So you said you've done this before, How many times have you done this survey
for this
chat thing?
Or don't know how to check their prolific emails.
Mhm. I almost missed this one. I just like I said I tend to have the tab open and I looked over and saw a little red dot and it was they send me a notification At five that I was supposed to do basic at six. Would have been a little nice to have some more advanced notice
but.
Mhm. That is unfortunate,
clever
that could happen. Yeah. Actually now I wonder if they use my company to send these emails.
I'm not sure. I have to go look at the uh they come from quad or Qualtrics dot com. I have to go log in to work and see if their customer.
But it's like we send all of zooms emails. So since
yes since the pandemic started zoom has been sending about a billion emails a day.
It is insane.
But um is interesting to see the uh the internet trying to keep up with the needs of the pandemic. Yeah.
All
Or even worse going bonkers because of the whims of the crazy person in the White House.
Yeah. It is nuts that someone has that much power and wields it on twitter.
No.
Mhm. But alas we have hopefully
only a few
more months.
I have a hard time imagining uncle joe on
instagram but I guess it's it's a thing it'll happen.
yep. With his aviator zone mr
ah well still an improvement.
The fly on Mike Pence's head had a Twitter account less than five minutes after it appeared
during
the debate.
That
is
insane.
I don't know how many followers they got. Um But it was definitely like immediately uh teamed up.
Yeah.
Not bad at all for, you know,
Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Um
tom
No
talk.
Oh, that's incredible
how many adult I have disposable income.
I mean it's still significantly better than the $100 trump beat covid commemorative coins that the White House gift shop was selling.
Because.
Okay. Yes. Also from like I said, my my wife works with that stuff. No, don't it was not
nothing uh nothing happens that quickly and actually
works so yeah, be
safe.
Oh.
Could go either way. Regus,
I'm
yeah,
I don't know how to imagine navigating being a teacher right now. It's like, yes, I'd like you to pay attention to what I'm talking about as opposed to the world being on fire. Good
luck
most
definitely too much, but Well, yeah. Yeah.
Being a teacher very rough.
All
Yeah. What percentage of your stuff is online?
makes
sense.
Hey.
Yeah, I guess that's the thing
it's still just seems not the not the best solution.
Yeah, that's not the best.
Online classes were significantly uh less advanced when I was in college and it was uh yeah this would not have worked
Uh Yeah our online classes even if you were you know hours away you still had to show up
to um exams in person
on campus
so they could be protected. Mhm. So I definitely knew people who like I took some online classes because I was working and it was more convenient. Uh And
there were definitely people who had to drive like three
or four hours to take their tests.
Uh Which you know I guess it's a thing.
no
what?
Oh that's that's rough.
I don't know that I would have been able to just brazenly cheat that way.
Bye
I,
Yeah yeah like wouldn't it be easier just to take
the
yeah should be that terribly difficult. Uh
All right according to this we've been going for over half an hour
so
labs
you too stay safe.
it's
the best anyone can do.
Uh Also will try, yep.