I was
trying to blake
Hi guys, do you hear me by now?
Yeah, it's all good.
So I guess how are you doing?
Yeah, it would be like that. I was scrambling to find a place where I could have a conversation and not have a mask on because I'm a college right now. Uh huh.
The lounge is there like you have to have a mask on. But my roommates also like studying for a test so I can do in my room. So Chip.
with
Oh, that's nice. You know, have a nice normal background or
has
to know.
Don't,
I'm
a sophomore in college, so. Right.
Hopefully I had a full 1 1/2 normal semester. Yeah.
Yes. Senior high school really have it rough. It's so bad.
What?
Yeah, hopefully I'll be fine. What college
your sister go to?
Nice. I'm at Penn State so, and mm
uh
surprised. We haven't been spent home yet. so
Right like they post the cases and they just shamelessly have 3000 cases and they're like but we're doing fine and boiling then it's
that's
right. Mhm I think we haven't even tested our whole student population ones through yet. We've only hit like half the students. So
it's gonna be a bit dangerous. Like I'll try my best to stay safe my dorm but we'll see what other people decide to do.
and
I mean I guess everyone's had a lot of time so I'm not I'm definitely not the worst hit like people going into college this year are probably having like the worst adjustments so I'm like sort of grateful. I missed that by a year at least. But yeah.
You
pretty far? Yeah, I live in Atlanta so
that's solid were like up around my area.
that must be busy, you know,
Well,
it's
just the traffic can be,
you
know,
as you probably shouldn't
transition.
To see you tonight.
I'm chaotic. I mean, I worked like this summer, I didn't have like an internship with the sweet ec and seeing their emails on the whole thing.
They're just like uh stay strong guys only that's helpful. Mhm.
Work
definitely
go as Yeah.
Yes. Yeah. The research, I mean, yeah, I guess it's better that they do understand more about like the long term effects that we stole on it, A long long term effects so we're kinda screwing that end.
can be like
them.
It what?
I mean, I guess it was kind of regular on every century. Like I remember all the new year memes were like, oh we've had a plague in 18 twenties, 19 twenties, ha ha we're going to have a yeah, bad times.
No,
you know, And then we're like uh huh It was interesting because I've seen like articles from like the toy is about the spanish flu and they were like also telling people to wear masks and not spitting everywhere. Mm
and
all things happen when you left the band too fast.
You just just Casual has been around for 100
years information I guess at that point, like enough you'll have like forgotten because that's a whole generation whole lake lifespan gone by I guess.
Well,
thank
you. It's still gaze trying to computer micro ship all of us.
exactly. Just like they haven't developed any nanotechnologies yet except for this one. We just track you so.
I mean do you do anything interesting for work or?
Uh no actually, but
it's about
that's nice.
I mean pretty mad but it's a weird so this actually like doesn't work out well for me because I'm in one of those like combined programs. So I do like three years undergraduate, then four years med school at one specific med school like determined except I have enough ap credits
that was planning to do only two years, which means this is also my last year of college. Oh
we do not look at the we did not calculate that and so
gap here maybe. I don't know.
I can't,
we'll be a bonding experience just.
Yeah, once you, I think I'm planning like a big gap year of research if research like they're like still open by then next year so I might be getting a permit in Atlanta and doing research down emery or something.
Wolf. You can't more.
like at least we've developed video technology
What?
Just like everyone is unemployed now just or you have to work and just get sick and deal with it. I guess that's
20 toes. But
All
Especially back then when it was sort of like industry based and everyone had to work in factories instead of Yeah, space like desks. Mhm.
Mhm.
Yeah. So I think I started this summer out of just, you know, nothing to do from home.
prolific is nice because it doesn't disqualify you. Like okay, if you're on survey says, you know, you're like halfway through and then they're like, sorry you don't qualifying. Thanks Our questions for 10 minutes,
that's
fine. What? Mm
Well,
just
running. Yeah, I think it's nice because it gives you a little notification. Plus scientific research is always more interesting than consumer in my opinion.
Once.
Yeah, exactly. I'm going to tell this researcher, you put that I like this picture of a kitten better. Like Well, it's interesting trying to reverse the size. Like what the research question is based on whatever they're asking
what?
Do that. My first year.
You're like
251. Yeah.
Plus
scientific researches pulled so skewed towards like on research under either like stike undergrads or like because yes,
both
very busy. Yeah.
Right. Yeah. I actually think I had a service just like what percent of prolific do you suppose is like male versus female? As I actually really don't know. I'd say like 50 15.
Well,
well, yeah.
All
Yeah. And apparently like reading off like some new reviews apparently, like sometimes studies come and go like I guess it depends on what time it is, the week is the food.
correct.
I mean I have the google chrome extension that
brings me, but it's not like that fast, it's not like within two seconds, you know?
few
minutes. Yeah. I mean I have done like, have you done this particular study before?
Oh yeah. No, I I did this once before and had one successful call grow out of mhm. At least three or 4. No shows in my the whole thing like this was this time has been ongoing for a while because I remember doing this way back in summer. So interesting. It's really longitudinal that I get.
he for
that's nice. Yeah.
That's
kind of funny.
What?
No.
It's kind of funny that just like typing than a specific idea of the person. I guess. You could find it in the U. R. L. So yeah.
Mm.
I guess yeah. Like this web app like the hero cu like I see it so much in study contexts, but I haven't seen it ever like beforehand. Well, I guess it's like interesting for certain. Any software.
If
you
north
wall interesting. Mhm.
You're like, hey, by the way, like if you have a loading picture that's just like a Jif like we have. Yeah.
What?
Yeah. I mean, I guess they could get my
mom, but I think, yeah. Mm.
Mhm.
there's always been like Peru who can support this and then you regression 16 times and certainly it pops up again and like thanks. I know. Cut.
I guess you did like, I mean come on like
no
comfortable with saying I should be learning something more modern. But I'm just taking the good old okay. Um weed out classes which have no practical application. Wasn't ever.
This
Well that's
one day. What?
All of
it?
well I hope you're for Oh
yeah. Mhm.
That's nice. You know, because it's interesting to see the difference between like how the life sciences and like stem in general do in comparison to like business majors. I think it's really for me because I'm out here emailing labs, begging me to like, Like please let me volunteer
at your lab and making like one of my friends like doing a co
opposite that pays like $23 an hour, like a student. Which is pretty insane. And I said
no.
Well
Yeah. Before life sciences out here like please let me research.
Our company.
Right? It's like please let me put this on my resume. Well, well
experience
is
No. All right. Well I guess it's changed now. Well not people downtown who are being irresponsible but who are the people on campus? We actually have housing regulations so
we don't know.
I
was pretty
wound.
No, no. But but I already have it. It's fun. I can't get it.
World. I mean I live in a dorm unfortunately in a dorm room that faces downtown, which would've been fine. Except they build a new apartment complex like two blocks away.
So like they'll I remember one night I couldn't sleep because they were just playing cotton eye joe and repeat until like two a.m. Like please please.
no.
Annual.
what
forming And they don't have like, they have one part like alleged that can sit down, but there's no like glass protector and someday someone's gonna like, it's going to be a new story someday.
What else?
Yeah.
And then one self need to text me. It was like, hey, don't walk near the building in case someone falls down and hits. And I'm like, I think that's missing the point somewhat like I'm less concerned about Me as a passer by getting hit than whoever just fell from the 12th story. Yeah.
Pretty unlucky day.
Well
that's pretty, that's pretty good. Yeah.
No.
Yeah. Thanks oceans, I guess also unfortunate with all the space junk, but you know. Yeah. Um
and more
almost
like
there was only one time where I actually went through a conversation I think a few times I've gotten no shows but they've been good about like understand that because I guess like people just sign up for the screener and then forget or don't care, who knows.
Yeah. Not too
It's
okay once they had an email server glitch and I got like, hey you're supposed to have a conversation at nine PM. We great time. We found time for you excited. It was already like 10 PM that day. I
yeah, they just had a back up unfortunately
hasn't happened since. So I think we're good.
Have you kind of funny? Do they?
with?
Well that's pretty good. Yeah.
Holy crap.
That as you said good and a bad thing, you know. Good for business, bad for sanity. Yeah.
And I'm watching the stock market go bonkers for no
reason. Mhm.
Yeah. Because of his history I guess.
Yeah, twitter and twitter is not the plot link. It's
and
I don't know.
I
will take to instagramming. Yeah.
Well,
yeah, it'll be like the classic old person profile pic words like half their upper face. All right.
It was
mhm Right. Well, no, we think the fly should get a vote or honestly it's like a write in.
that's
pretty
good. Do they have
to
follow
it? Uh huh.
At the journalist to like, well, it was problem that's not there. Oh,
That fly on Mike Pence three has. Well then let's see. I mean 8700 followers isn't bad.
Of course. Yeah. Um
Wait,
I know now I have to look up whether this is someone made a
mike Pence's head fly action
figure allegedly. Let's see.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's the thing, but it's $15, so no,
sorry. That's just unfortunate.
Right. We're, we're doing great on schedule there, right. With no from whatever vaccines that's supposed to come out what regulated though because like honestly, if they rush and nobody's
going to take it, which defeats the whole,
it's not happening.
Well,
we're
talking about a biochemistry class. Yeah.
I guess there are more tuned into modern events and then I guess or the teachers are just forward and don't really want to teach. I'm not sure which one.
Yeah. I think the teachers for that class, they're like, this is going to be an open class. We can answer whatever questions you want to ask it. Of course, like nobody submitted any questions. So it's been, they just read the textbook for the information and we'll talk about like
you're a toxin class. I don't know. It's kind of funny though. Yeah.
Yeah.
thing
about like, especially elementary school, like how they have way less flexibility there. Like have a plan for kids in person. But I also have a plan for the kids that are doing it virtually and have a plan for kids that switch back and forth. It's like that's way too much work on them. I feel
good. Well.
Yes.
Well
I guess in college it's like how do I administer this exam without everyone cheating their butt off.
Um So my only in person class strictly in person is microbiology lab, which for obviously reasons cannot be done virtually
organic
chemistry. It was supposed to be like 1/4 of the people come in a room and there's like a four day rotation except like two weeks and nobody went anymore. So I go in person because he's not the greatest technology the way he projected to the people in classes that he has a tripod with a ipad that's facing a blackboard and then he raised on the blackboard. So yes
please.
I guess it works for him. Like a lot of people were complaining. It's like, can't you directly just write on the computer, you know, if you got a pack maybe, but he's just like sort of an old teacher, so like understandable. Mhm
Yeah. You know, it's like the first many, I think there was a petition to email the department head about him because his audio wasn't connected so nobody could hear like everyone was just here like wrestling, wow.
And
I mean, I think most teachers have figured out that they have to make the exams open book and it's not going to be in person. I think I've resorted to like proactive services that like proper you over the camera.
Well
what?
You know?
Mhm.
What?
Oh man. Yeah, I know. Like now there's like sites like Procter dot Io where you can just hire someone to watch your students to resume or something.
Yeah. New demand and all that last semester when they hadn't adjusted, they were just like,
just check this box
that says pretty pleased on that cheating. And like obviously everyone was face timing during the final. So
that's just, yeah, like I didn't do anything like that because like also it wasn't that hard so it was like, what's the point of cheating? And you can just like do the homework and know how to do it. But I know there was like a group of like cyber, so people who were just face timing each other during the final. Mhm.
Yeah. No it's really uh
it's like you know my roommate has a physics final like in a few minutes I mean a few hours but basically she got texted on two different occasions by like people in mar like med program. It's like hey you want to work on the test together and it's like it's even one where like they're getting watched through the camera so they would have to like set their phone on the screen or something like who even knows and that's
too much effort to figure out the logistics of cheating and just study instead please.
Well
it's like it's like Physics to 13 which is thermodynamics and pressure. It's just like use the equation sheet and you'll be fine. Like they like to use the equation sheet. Mhm.
Yeah.
No.
Well nice
to you. Good.
Yeah I'll try. That's
it.
Yeah. Have a good time at work
Why? Yeah. Okay.