losing weight. Okay. Yeah, That's where five minutes? Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Oh. Uh huh. Let's look at that. Uh huh. Hey, how you doing there?
Well your first time doing this? Uh huh.
It's my third time doing it. It's pretty well paid. And I think do you uh do a lot of prolific? Okay.
Nice. Do you do any other similar sites are just prolific? Our.
true.
Hey, did you do like a parking amazon speak any of that stuff?
The survey surveys get better, it gets better paying if you stick with I think personally. Uh
Oh. Uh huh. So what's
that on this site you were saying savvy like S. A. B. B. Y. Or something like that
surveys? Have I got to say? I'm sorry my dog is like going nuts over here. I'm sorry,
relax.
Um You know your typical like survey questions, How do you feel about, you know, your interactions with your partner who talks more or you you gotta talk equally, you know things like that is that I'd say it's about like 10 minutes. It's not too long. Oh yeah.
Yeah I mean it's a fine line between getting it done as fast as I can and like trying to put in a little bit of effort. Uh You definitely get rewarded for the more effort you put in. Um But you know it's worth it's worth the time. You know what I mean? Like a little bit of extra money. That's right.
I
agree.
Yeah well sometimes they're not targeting you. They want to you know they want to know how a female's perspective. You know like that's why I think that there's only so much open to you know it goes by like how they group you know somebody for females so many like this. You know what I mean? It's only
so much.
But yeah, I don't I don't know. How much have you made on this so far if you don't mind me asking?
That's right.
Nice. Not bad. Do you do you like do you switch that weekly or do you like watch the conversion rate at all or not? Yeah.
Yeah. Same here. Same man.
I think I started this in like june And so I made about like, I don't know, $200 to £200 so far. Uh huh.
Well you have the, do you have the extension browser on the thing that notifies you of like service when you're not around? Yeah that thing was class before I had that thing I was doing like so so but now that I have that on, just keep it in the background goes on so pretty easy.
Use
it.
I'm working from home too and I still have this weird guilt thing where I can't I can't do both at the same time. I feel like it's totally not worth it. My job would fire me like two seconds, so like
everything
I want, it was right there, but I turned it off, I like put it out of the, it's not worth it at all, you know, compared to my main job. Mhm.
Yeah. I mean, I feel like I could easily get away with it. It's more like a it's a slippery slope once I start doing that and I'm gonna start doing other and I'm like, I'm working from home so I don't want to lose that right now, you know?
Yeah, this is the first time period. I hated it at first and now I'm now I'm like finally into it. I can I can get used to this.
yeah. I have to have so much done every day. It's more like uh slowly becoming a call center job. It wasn't a call center job. But now that's the way of I guess my job either
that
okay. Um Not not even because it's union, so I mean I just have to get stuff done. You know there's an average I'm supposed to do where I mean even if I if I did watch my boss forget that there's just a level of bureaucracy, you just do the status quo and you're good. Um But I feel like there's gotta be some checks and balance on the internet where they would just know, I like they would find out somehow that I'm getting extra funds on that time. And I don't know, it's just a it's just a job, it's a job. So it's like I'm never I'm not when I don't know party.
It's tempting though. It is funny how like an extra few $10 a day it's tempting enough to be. I'm just gonna do this right here, wow.
Wasn't
well it
comes
and it comes in and goes though. Like when Covid first hit it was like it was crazy. I was making like eight years like I was making crazy money and then it kind of thinned out a little bit and figure in the election maybe uh any extra money.
I noticed that like I follow like who makes the surveys and if it Qualtrics is doing the survey, you're probably going to be good. Like it's usually gonna go through pretty quick and you're gonna get paid. All right. Uh
I'm
fine. Yeah. Usually Qualtrics quality like Qualtrics dot com or something. I was like that's one of the bigger survey builders and uh yeah I mean I'm like I'm literally buying stock in it so I'm selling it hard. Uh
Yeah well because they're not gonna they're gonna go public, it's their owned mostly by S. A. It's a german company but uh yeah I like to own things that are in my everyday life. So especially investing wise, anything that like yeah dominates my day, you know I'm putting money towards like Verizon etcetera, anything that you're always using. Yeah.
Yeah I mean I was like I mean I'm not too big to investing until like it became free to just like trade stocks. It used to be like $7 for a trade now, it's nothing. So it's such a huge change.
yeah I'm
most
I'm just on vanguard. I'm just like straight hit the vein buying like stocks just went, you know I was like doing E. T. F. S. And stuff like that and then when the crash hit and I was like always kind of waiting to put money to work so I was kind of pumped when I saw the market go down and uh
I
do
back here.
Yeah. I mean it's weird, I feel like I should be way more afraid of this economy than I am and I think in a year. Well no I think by like 2021, you know, I don't know I'm like I'm cautiously optimistic but I also think that there's definitely like another shoe to drop. Uh
and the election is going to be crazy. I mean it's definitely gonna no matter what, it's gonna be crazy. So
appropriate.
I
didn't
trust it. I didn't I didn't trust the man and I was like I want to go and I'm not you know I don't mind going in person so I want to just I've always done in person. I'm just gonna go in.
I don't blame you. I'm like Rhode island so it's literally down the block I could walk to it so it's I don't know.
you're
cheap.
because
someone
in city hall was like yeah let's draw the map this way.
well actually I have this election off off work for the first time ever so I'm pretty pumped about that.
Yeah. Yeah. There's always a line. I'm hoping there's not gonna be a line. I don't know. We'll see. I got all day so I'm not to
the other
I am gonna be walking
market like blue to that. All right,
all
mm there's definitely uh
I feel like the day before the election, no matter what, it's just a great time to put money to work, no matter what happens is whatever your it is, like just just go with it because uh huh That's what happened last like last election. I was terrified of it and then like I missed out on such a big opportunity. I should.
What's up Kourtney?
Oh
man. Well, I mean my my best advice would be like leave your political, whatever your politics are put that aside because like because that's going to affect you. But yeah, it's just a time of massive change. You gotta think everyone's looking at tax policies and going like who knows what the next four years is going to be and then the market's gonna overreact like it does. Um So you know, it's just a good time to uh put money to work if you've got some ideas. Okay.
And
yeah, I'm just preaching to the choir because all this money, that's all where it goes, every extra dollar, I put it weekly, I put it to work and uh yeah, it's working out pretty good so far, so.
Oh
All
Blood.
but
I
don't
Yeah, you gotta you gotta get out. But it's uh Yeah, I mean I've just I keep living life. I mean for me this really hasn't scared me. It's one of the older relatives and everyone like that you worry about, you know, that's not good but I can do about it. You know, you just see them lesson. I'm just keep living my life.
How?
so do you have a year pass? That sounds like crazy expensive to me. Okay.
That's it.
Not that
true man I just Oof and I couldn't like I don't know, I just think of so many ex girlfriends wanted to go there and I was like yeah someday. Are you kidding me? That's waiting while I'm up in Rhode island. So hey you're looking at a flight and like everything else staying with relatives. I'd probably rather not or or like renting or just not wait. I can't imagine having to go that often for me. It's not that's not enjoyable and spending money on something she would want to do. I just I don't like or any of that stuff I'm not trying to back you. I just I just can't do that
and
I don't like going on rides this fun and stuff like that, I'm just so vehemently I guess opposed to spending money right now, which is probably unhealthy, but I'm not in a relationship, so it's easy for me to say that you're not going to work
that
so
yeah, I'm not saying I own my own place and uh it's way better, I gotta say it's better being alone personally, the last one was just wasn't contributing as much as maybe uh she should have, but uh man, I find it so much better, I don't have to, like there's no, I mean I still go on designating is not cheap in general, relationship is a
relationship the whole next level, I guess it's just uh I I was I was in for a long 13 years of like enjoying being single and not having to spend the money has been been pretty good.
The
instagrams.
Yeah man pretty much I've just been hitting the gym and saying I can, it's tender, it's pretty weird and you know it was it was pretty good before all this and now it's just I don't know just working on myself I guess it's a good way to put it.
What
hang hinge
or something like that. Yeah
my buddy, my buddy was all is all about that. Yeah, I just for me it's just a personal level of like I kind of gauge where I'm at with like you know conversing with them and uh you know I've snagged a few good girls off tender but I don't know, I just kind of take it, it's not the main goal right now. Money is the main goal I guess. That's probably look back on that and kind of go maybe that's not the smartest thing but I don't know.
thanks. Yeah
man. Come to Rhode Island. Have a coffee milk is our big thing. Coffee milk and wieners. I don't know if you guys have wieners everywhere, like hot dogs with this meat sauce on it. That's just really bad for you. Um
Yeah.
It talks about like the same thing minus the pickles. It's just but like yeah I can't say there's much of the beaches I guess. It's like the ocean state is the motto. There's not much here but like yeah there's providence.
Yeah. It's like 42 miles by like 23 miles. Like you can fight it in a day. It's it's nothing,
it's it's pretty
dangerous.
so it's like it's a coffee syrup, it's like uh it's like uh yeah, yeah, it's like a chocolate milk, coffee milk, so it's like a coffee syrup instead of chocolate syrup and you put that and it's really good autocrat.
Yeah. I don't know why autocrat doesn't, it's only like distributed in certain places, but it's like Autocrat is the label you can get at the grocery store. Okay,
yep. Autocrat, there's like a bird on the front of the package. Yeah.
I was gonna
say that
the heart for it yet.
Hi.
you have to go way
out of the way.
That's a long drive. That's a brutally long drive. I've done, I've driven to Florida at about 28 hours, it was miserable. Oh my God.
that is a rough hectic weekend, awesome.
Her.
Oh man sitting here. That's what I got german shepherd in the back there kind she mixes
something.
they're so, they're very anxious. Students are so anxious just all the time. I mean they're very high strung. Oh
She's my dogs at five and like she's kind of getting there but I don't want to lie to you man. Yeah.
Here.
Yeah. No, no, I got to ask you because I invest in Southwest. Was that the cheapest flight or was there like a better deal around or why did you go with the southwest you
normally stick with?
Question.
Go
for
it.
Yeah, That's a tough one. Yeah.
Uh so last last check, it was around like 38. I started buying, started buying around 35 and then really started buying around 28.30. That's the sweet spot. Um It hovers around 35 which I think is fair value even even at like anything shy of like south of 40 is pretty much there's only gonna be so many left if we if we don't get a deal or whatever. And they're the only ones that have the money. They're the old that they're the only ones that can stand on their own without the government stepping in which the government's gonna step in anyways. It's a joke that we pretend or not. Um But they're the best. I just mind my theory and investing as I go with like the most money I invested the money. I want the company with the most money. So they.
now do you have like plans for like next year when all is well do you have like vacation plans are just taking a nap?
come here
yeah. New Orleans
I mean
The mountains,
the mountains in New Hampshire Vermont and that's where I like I spare time. That's it's very it's a cheap way to have fun. But there's some great mountain and Vermont or new Hampshire, I would highly recommend that. And there's some really great mountains, great hikes.
Yeah you just you go super slow, you just you just don't go fast and if someone gets behind you you let him go around you and you you just you go for you go your own speed.
I think,
well
the only difference is you drop it down a gear, you drop it down to second gear so you use the engine to kind of break, you don't you know what I mean? You rely on the ends of your break instead of the brake pedal. That way you don't get spun out. And so you describe home and that's why I say you go really slow, you just go slow. And then, so if if it ever happens, man, try dropping in the second, you'll be all right. But uh,
so
I think I time up here is up. So it was a pleasure speaking with you, my friend. All
have a good one. Yeah,
yeah. I usually just just leave it on while I pushed through all the rest and then close it out. You just kind of answer the questions and then you can close this out, I think any time.