Hey. Doing good in yourself problem.
Yeah it is actually.
I've started back in january this year because my girlfriend, she got me doing quite a bit so far.
I'm not sure if you ever heard of story Fabio before, it's kind of like that, but it's
it's a lot harder to get in the surveys, but it pays out pretty well.
I tried doing that. It's just doing this repeatedly passed just like a penny or something.
Okay. I mean I have a like this one the survey savvy so far. It's been pretty well.
I mean,
yes, surveys for having
I don't
care you. Good. Uh huh. What type of questions do they ask like after this?
Okay. I tried to uh do my best in the survey here, but sometimes you just get a little crazy.
Yeah. I just don't
I don't know how my
My girlfriend nine has it And I don't know how he gets at one point like 10 service like she did earlier today and then I got nothing at one point.
That's
true. Right? That's uh that's pretty true.
I
think Like £450
most of the time. I just switch it out.
It's just sometimes I just like used as of spending money so I'm like just catching up if it's not too crazy low. But it's how long you been doing this one?
Yeah. Actually in January and you know 450 so far isn't so bad.
Well I'm lucky because I work from home so I didn't have the extension. So whenever I'm supposed to do work
for say
just do the surveys.
that's on
the.
Yeah. No that's understandable. I I think I have I just have a little more freedom what I do. Um You know if my phone, my office phone is not ringing over here, I'll just do the survey has become
no, I don't blame you. My first time doing this more people since last december.
I mean my job right now isn't so bad. I got this as an admin, so it's not too crazy or in depth. Um So once I got the hang of it, you know, I can multitask myself and certain things that you know, doing the surveys and then picking up the phone calls. On the other hand,
is
that kind of quota?
Oh yeah, that's for the state job at all. I don't blame you.
Yeah, I mean, I'll never do, I think it's probably like maybe 5-7 pounds a week I cash out
or something
with all the
surgeries.
I think it's just amazing the survey sometimes where they come from like freaking Australia, the british Columbia to India. I'm like, what the hell is this?
I never, I never
caught.
No,
That's true. Because when I was 12 years ago, the stock at like this place, So you made a pretty good. Okay.
I do. Uh, it's called stash on the app. I'm not sure if it's, so that's what I use. It doesn't charge you anything. And then eight ones as well too,
put
them
and I wish I could put my current job has no benefits. So I mean, I used to work for a big german company for six years and then they relocated to Atlanta. So I'm like, well, I don't want to move to Atlanta and the
nice severance package. So
I spent a couple months after that. I just like having a vacation per se. And then after that I had to find a real job. I'm like, it pays less, no benefits. But I picked this job at the perfect time where
all this covid shit target Right before I started up. So I was like uh I thought I was gonna say for like 4-6 months, you know, just like a temp job. But then once covid I'm like, I guess I'm pretty lucky, you know, I'm working from home since then. Mhm.
That's true.
It is. It's just going to pick up from here. I mean, I already put my voting, so it's already already checked online. You know, I live in the state of Florida, so already checked, you know, they already
received it. And I think the 16th is when they start um collecting the
ballots.
Whatever
I used to do that. But everywhere I live in the old arts and the place where I have to go, it's like church, like some, you know, bum, fuck over here. So I just have the man with the home, I've been doing that for like 6, 7 years now, but not my first time doing it.
Oh yeah, I mean, yeah, it's right there by all means, but what I don't care for me, I really have a public library next door to my community and that's not my polling place. If it was, I would obviously go to
library,
but it's like way out in the middle
of
nowhere.
yeah, exactly. I'm just like really not library next door to me is pretty well built, you know, easily, you know, get some steps in for the day, but I'm not going to drive all the way 15 minutes away from my bowling place versus just getting in the making,
I'm starting to hear a lot of more companies are giving more employees, you know? Whereas when I worked before it's like I have to do it early before work, which is never going to work and then after which I would hate wait like 30 minutes in a normal election year.
I mean that's
true.
As long.
I mean sure. I mean
regardless of what side of the aisle everyone's in, I mean as long as you go out there and vote, that's it.
I
I never worn them.
I never thought of that. The stock market right
before.
Oh yeah, no, I, I appreciate
that.
I mean for me, the prolific are I live like in the Tampa bay area florida, so I'm only like an hour plus from Disney. So every weekend my girlfriend and I, we always go out to Disney just because, um, you
know, even with I don't know if the whole country still talking about crazy business, but
I've gone through other theme parks as well too. But compared to Disney, I mean I feel safe, it's a peace of mind knowing that everyone just for me has a face covering regardless of where everyone stands. But I mean
I'm going with you know, thousands and thousands of people and you know,
I feel pretty
good
even though it's fucking hot as balls here, you know every floor today.
Yeah. I mean I don't want to reach their own, don't believe the day, you know, I love going to theme park because it's like an escape since I
work home from home five days a week. So
um you know the the past I have there's like different tiers and whatnot. I have like a silver. So I get blacked out what Two weeks of April two months in the summer and the last two weeks of the year for
about like 4 15 for the whole year.
You really think about it when parking is 25 or pop, this will start off no matter you know for the four parts you go to um it really you get your money's worth.
no by all means, I mean I'm not going to say I want to force you to go into Disney
culture or what?
I mean
exactly and issues you know over a year ago and being a single guy and having this house right here but then realizing shit when the bill is getting a little tough
over here, I'm like it's not to say it's anything person but having another person to help you pay the bills basically. So an adult thing is not easy, especially owning your own home over here.
yeah
I
mean
uh maybe at all. I've gone quite a few days. I can only imagine how dating the poet now that's even possible.
I forgot there's one thing I talk to my girlfriend and then actually good number dates before
I'm trying to figure
out.
you go hinge.
I don't know you're thinking about Rhode Island. I had like this map of the whole us scratching off whatnot. Um Mike Holmgren's actually from Connecticut so I'm going to be up there actually thanksgiving flying up. Um
I scratch off freaking Rhode island because I've been everywhere around but Rhode island.
Um Well I have this Chicago place it's called Portillo's. I'm not sure if you ever heard of it before. It's a Chicago dog. It's like um sesame seeded barn with I guess a little chilly on it. Pickles. Um
That's about it but it's pretty damn delicious.
I think what the size of Rhode island I think it's the size of one of our counties here in florida.
but
now what's
this coffee and milk what makes that different from just you know coffee and creamer or something?
mm. Never heard of that before.
I'm gonna write that actually autocrat.
Okay because I think it's going to be I mean it's not nearby but our third
they
were
okay because I'm gonna take a look at that. I'm going to fly into, this is how screwed up is southwest. I had a flight going up the heartburn. They got they canceled and I got to go to Chicago to Hartford and that's
like an eight day 898 hour flight from a two hour flight.
So
yeah, I'm like I'm going across the US just to go over but I can't see that. My girlfriend got me basically from Tampa to JFK and then from JFK she's driving like she'll pick me up and then I was going to Connecticut from there.
Well the problem is I have to come back for work on that monday. So I'm literally flying that front Wednesday evening and then instead of flight depending fight in the street flights, we're leaving saturday afternoon, driving all the way back here.
Try doing that with german
shepherd in the vaccine as well soon.
Well
it's hard but it's two years old and it drives me nuts at times.
very I'm trying to find that age where they just, you know, don't get so anxious and just get like chilled the whole time.
so I got quite a ways to go before she doesn't
get all crazy and what not
actually.
Well I have, I always flew them, I had like the premier credit card. So um I always liked that airline never had any issues well until now. Um but I'm flying
in a jet blue. Okay, so
actually
that
was $88 from Tampa verse in southwest from Tampa Chicago. The Hartford owes 130 bucks, But it's eight hours, 15.5 hours being a straight shot over here.
Yeah, but I always like southwest, especially looking at their stock, I should have bought their stock a few months ago when this whole pandemic it with like it was like 23 at one point now they're like 54 or something.
well they're pretty smart because they actually forecast they're feeling so that's what makes them so profitable because you know, not charging anything, you're going to attract people into that and then for forecasting the gas prices in the future, that's where they basically, you know, it's a winner lost in scenario but mostly finding out basically a win.
Well it was, yeah, March, we're supposed to get new Orleans, but literally students, things were shutting down. Of course we had to cancel that. So probably go to New Orleans and then uh I guess her family does the trip every year so I don't know somewhere
else on top of that.
I want to know lot
of hanging more like Vermont because you know the Ben and jerry's original place and
then yankee.
Okay. I don't have to get, well if it's snowing up there, my girlfriend's driving. I am not, I'm Floridian. I've never, I've been born and raised here so I have no way of knowing how to drive in a freaking snow.
I've seen drug ring here, like it's like freaking hurricanes, like you can't even 10 ft in front of you. So I'm a pro, but you know,
I'm pretty much experience in that, so it's no, it's a different
journey in itself.
It's going to be
quite, quite a journey
Pleasure as well, appreciate it.
Alright. You too. Thanks trying to figure out how to close this.
Okay. All right. Yeah.