you're not? Yeah.
Hi,
how are you?
I'm good. I
tried
to do this two times before and nobody showed up.
Yeah. I was wondering if anybody would show up tonight?
Oh I'm just gonna set my timer for us
because we've got like 25 minutes. Alright. So cool. Where do you live?
Oh you do. Nice. I live in New Jersey. Yeah.
Yeah. I see you have a draft in your background. I love giraffes.
Do we have actually downstairs we have two big sculptures of drafts. They're almost well I want to say life size, but they're really big. They're really cool. Yeah.
Is that a
stuff going, is that like a like a statue type of one?
Oh what a great gift. I remember my husband went to uh florida for business one time and he came back with draft for one of my kids. It's when they were really really little and it's really cute. I think that's what started the whole like draft like collection.
Yeah. Tweet birds. So cute though.
it became really popular. Well how are you guys in the pandemic out there is a bad
Yeah
I have to go into college um and they're going to go a lot of campuses in New Jersey or not but their particular campus is gonna let them on.
and you guys feel like a red state right? Like where it's like restricted travel.
So do you have a master requirement?
my God. See we we totally do. I
mean
totally
wow, that's amazing.
but it doesn't work unless it's covered. Absolutely. To see we have a requirement New york. New Jersey. Absolutely have to um ask everywhere. Even you see people on the street outside they're they're all being pretty good about it. And now what happened is because I'm originally from new york, I have a lot of family there. So now when you go over the bridge, they, the mayor of new york put out Sheriff's that stop or stopping random cars and like just seeing where you've been, where you go in, that type of thing. It's like really, really, really strict but it's working because we were so hard hit and now the numbers are really good. But
Well, absolutely.
That
that's the way it affects the numbers. Absolutely. You have, do you have the drive through testing sites? I'm just curious because we had them for a long time
merchant everywhere and there are thousands and thousands of cars lining up every day all over the police. Did you guys do that?
You
did
for us?
That's ridiculously long to wait, wow. So are you from Arizona?
Okay. I've been
to California lot. Never Arizona, but I'd love to go.
a lot of practice is, I have a sister in law lived in Vegas and like I said, I've been to California a lot and we always go to Palm Springs. So I love the desert. I just love the desert. Very cool.
please.
What's this? Health east? But florida is nice. You should go to new york. Well when they open, I mean things are so different now. They're so strange now, but in time when things reopen stuff new york's really fun.
Yeah. Just wait it out though because really like nothing. I mean
we don't
have indoor dining. There's nothing. Do you guys have indoor dining? You can go actually in a restaurant and eat.
that's the thing that's like the last for us to open and that and jim's, the gyms have not opened yet. I mean people have taken to outdoors setting up outdoor gyms actually bringing equipment outside and putting it under a tent when people are trying everything to get their businesses up and running. But uh
it's important in eight degrees like right now, but that's
like
a drive, right, that's dry.
The message
was
saying
wow. See now we have the humidity which could kill you. We just went our july
and part of august was so incredibly hot and then we had this huge, I don't know if you heard but that that storm came up the coast and most of most people were without power for like five these 5, 16.
Um we were lucky we were only without it for like 24 hours but it was devastating. There were trees, everything, you know, we had them. Power companies come to help us from all different states. And you just saw power companies marching in. But it was scary and it rained a lot so. But the humidity is like can't even breathe, you know, it's just like no air just sits there. That's why I I would welcome that dry. But
I don't know about 100 and eight degrees.
No florida hot are really
hot.
exactly. It's really uncomfortable. Oh
When is it going to cool off? Like september october like when will it go or It really doesn't.
shorts. I'm like doing like cactuses out like in your front yard, you know? Can you like grow cactus?
that's
mine.
You do. You have kind rodents outside?
didn't howl like the howling at night. Like in the movies?
Are they like nocturnal kind of? They come out at night?
You're running around freely.
That's
wild. Because IOT scene like here like in New Jersey, it's like a big deal. I mean it goes on the news, you know neighborhood saw a coyote, everybody, you know, be careful. Watch
out
for it. Um So great. Like it's a it's a different concept here. That's why I'm like it moves. Um You will see them out. Do you, can you like, will they approach you or are they kind of scared of you?
So you mean swimming? Okay.
You never really see them right because they're like gone in the daylight.
It's
so weird how your like your terrain breeds all these animals that like we have to go to the zoo to see. You can just go outside and take a drive and see it. Pretty cool.
Yeah. You mentioned the pools. I'm sure they're looking for hydration or in the pools, although chlorine. Is that the best thing for them come
straight
out?
cool. So it's like mid afternoon for you then, right?
The moment,
you know?
Yeah, we're
uh we're 66 17.
What? Did you have any animals? Do you have any pets? Oh that's a big one. Oh my gosh,
you do. Oh my god, I love animals. We I just have one cat now. We usually have two cats and one of them passed a couple years ago. And I just have a little white Persian. She's 16, so she's real cool. She's next to me, but she's sound asleep. So you have another one besides you two. I kind of see another one. Is that the same?
He's really like here. I love animals. I grew up with a collie and it was beautiful. I just wish I would brush her every single day. She was gorgeous, Very docile, Very nice, good natured. But with no one's really home enough to really you know have a dog for us. Everybody is in and out doing their own thing and it just wouldn't be fair. So the cats are you know, a little bit easier.
Real?
Oh. Oh my God. Really? So you took in three rescues then? Uh That's great, I would have done the same thing
and nobody was out looking for them, that's
incorrectly.
Uh huh.
There.
yeah you're you're you know something to be accountable for like his whereabouts you know and care about where they actually are. What's the good life now?
What do they do when like if you're on a walk do you walk them or you just let them out?
I go
oh that's a good idea. What happens when they see like the coyotes and all those little animals running around. They try to go after them.
I can imagine.
Well.
Oh my God that's hysterical. That's wild. I see one of them rolling over. So cute.
They're
very
good. What kind of dogs are they?
Oh cute. Lab Jackson.
That's quite the mix. Oh my God
it's
That's awesome. That's so cool. Yeah I can't imagine my life without pets. I just have always had them and always always will
thank
you show up and you got to take them and love them and clear mm.
trying another house. Oh
that's cute. Do you have you have a natural pond in your backyard because we built a fish pond but it's like, it's like just like my husband actually did it and it's really nice but it wasn't naturally there of course. And we have some fish and some floating little plants in there and it's actually pretty cute. Cool wildflowers by it. What was yours natural or did you build it?
they find the pants, they're really funny to hear too s publicly. Do
you have a narrator? Like we have a narrator that like shoots up, you know and keeps the pond like kind of the water
flowing circulating.
Yeah. Yeah. In the winter we actually have to drop a heater in there. It's like this little floating device on top so that the ice doesn't accumulate and get thick so we have to keep it flowing.
Well
that's amazing. Such to extremes to your weather. Really? Oh my gosh. We have like, we have like 30 minutes, 30 seconds I think left. Did you time it out?
Yeah, we're almost there. We have like 20 seconds. So I guess they want us to do a full 25 minutes.
I
know.
Did
we try to
do this before or is it the first time?
twice won? The second time. Got it.
Yeah, I was really cool meeting you
enjoy the rest of your day.
All right, bye.