huh
Hello,
I'm good, how are you?
I mean
like
uh Oh man, I've heard that before.
Yeah, that was almost me, I literally remembered about this a minute ago.
Sounds good,
I live in Arizona.
bit of good there,
me too. They're my favorite. I have many draft things.
Right
at
that is a stuffed one that my partner got me for very early on valentine's day uh a long time ago now.
Yeah, yeah, it's a uh it's not my first collection. I remember when I was little like collected all things Tweety Bird, but definitely the giraffes are the ongoing one besides like books.
Mhm. Yeah, I couldn't say what started that, but I do recall that when I was in like kindergarten, everything in my room was Tweety Bird and you know, Warner Brothers and Looney tune certainly took advantage of that because there was every product demand imaginable in tweet. Uh
Um I mean I think that it's maybe starting to wear down, but they're also trying to have like all of our really large state schools resume in person, things like next week and I'm not sure about
uh
Yeah, yeah, so we'll see uh with, you know, just around the country like all of the different schools opening and people doing a lot of travelling from their respective areas and all of that, how that winds up working out.
Um I don't I don't know that they're actually like doing anything about that. Our governor has been rather hesitant to put any sorts of restrictions on things like for a while, the like local mayors and and whoever, like they weren't allowed to make mask requirements. Um And then that finally got eliminated after we started popping up in the news too much for having a lot of cases. They said, okay, well each town can decide for themselves how they're going to handle wearing masks and stuff like that. Um,
nope. Yeah, it's the,
it's
the
wild. Yes, I'll tell you.
Yeah. Most places at this point have, um, like in, in Tucson, I think our mayor finally said like, you have to like, you're supposed to wear a mask if you're inside of a building. Um, but for the most part, like different businesses have decided for themselves whether they're going to post it or enforce it. And like, I mean, I think that part is tricky everywhere, right? Because like you go to the grocery store and half the people are only covering their mouth with their mask and you're like, you breathe germs out your nose to like,
I think cars are still, they're still not great, although like they want to say that, hey, like our case positivity is going down. I think last I checked it was still like 12% of tests were coming back positive, but they also have really tamped back on the amount of tests that they're doing. Like, like it was, it was going up up up and everyone that doesn't understand math was saying, yeah, we only have so many cases because we're doing so many tests. It's like okay. Yes, but also percent positive. Like
that means more people are sick. Um But like I think they decided that we needed our numbers to come down so they just stopped doing so many tests because that's real
smart. That's the way to fix it.
Think
I think we have some places that are, that are doing the drive in testing still. Um and they tried to do like weekend testing, blitz where you could like go and get a test. Um But I know we were also having issues of taking people like 10 plus days to get the results back and it's like well
you
may fall
like not do it like just stay at home if you like. Um
I am. Yeah
and
Yeah, it's it's uh surprisingly diverse. I think we get, we get a rap for being like, yeah, that's like the place with the cactuses and but like we have um you know like up north and Flagstaff, we have a place that is like one of the snowiest places in the country like and we have the Grand Canyon, we have rivers, like we have a couple of lakes, we have, we've got all kinds of things and the Sonoran desert is one of the most biodiverse places in the world, even though a lot of cactuses.
it's a nice place, yeah, I haven't been to New Jersey or new york, new york, even though I have a lot of family that lives out there. Um I don't know, so as far east as I've been as florida and so that's what I know about humanity,
like.
yeah, I'm hoping to get out there at some point, but.
The
average.
Yeah, they've had it for quite a while. Uh the only thing that they did was change it so that you can't have more than 50% of the like fire capacity in the morning. Um Yeah, we've we've gone out like once or twice, but only to places that have a patio, because I still don't know about sitting inside, because obviously you have to take your mask off if you're gonna sit there and eat things and then you're all sharing the same air and uh
Yeah, I think uh that's at this point that's the hardest part about the pandemic is like all of the indoor things are closed and it's 100 and eight degrees outside so you don't really want to go and do outdoor activities right now. Um
that's
true,
it's I mean it's it's dry but it'll just bake you like we're starting to get some humidity because we're supposed to get more storms during the summer but we're like in a drought, the storms have not been coming the way they normally do. Like usually we get lots of flash floods because the rain comes and the ground
and
suck it
up like um it's just been dry and hot,
it's big
turn
Where?
Yeah it's uh it's pretty rough. I that was my experience. The one time that I went to florida was in august um.
huh.
Yeah and like wow humidity is the thing that I'm not really accustomed to and you can't sweat your own sweat and that's very uncomfortable.
Yeah I think people probably would legitimately die here if we had five days without power like they would have to create cooling stations that have two underground or something like.
I mean it does it does cool down I think you know we probably have like four months of the year that are pretty miserable but then the rest of the time it's pretty great like when everyone else is getting snowed on were like you know 70 degrees out and popping round outside. Um We get lots of sunshine. Really pretty sunset. Um I don't know I mean I feel like usually it's cooler than it is right now because the rain comes and cools everything off significantly. Um but right now it's you know, it's like 90 degrees at night like it just doesn't let up. Um I think by you know end of september it kind of breaks and you can transition into wearing pants again at
We have, yeah, we have in the in the little desert area by our house, there's like creosote and their sorrows and barrel cactuses and mm okoto and choi a there's all kinds of different stuff out there and we live kind of out of the center of town, so we're we're in the midst of it all like you can
hear
noting outside and
yeah in the in the like wee hours of the morning you can hear them out there, you keep your thing and running around together like Um
they're not much for howling. They're they're really yippee, their little yippy guys, they're very small coyotes after.
Yeah there what do you call it like crepuscular like they're out when it they're out at dusk and dawn kind of thing and in the night running around and not in our neighborhood but there's have Alina's like big old like wild board looking guys um Road ground shoes like.
Yeah there's just there's run amok uh jack
rabbit.
I
mean
Um Most of those bigger things tend to be closer to the foothills like up against the base of the mountains like people get um like mountain lions in their swimming pool. Um
water and pulling off and yeah for the most part like coyotes are skittish have Alina's most of the time, people just get upset because they'll eat, they eat your plants, they're like our dear, right? Like just kind of uh a nuisance, but mostly you don't see them, you just like come out and you're like, who knocked over all my plants?
Um You can you can see the have Alina's like if you go for a hike on occasion, you'll see them, but usually they keep their distance um like sometimes you'll see I'm like running across the road if you're driving. Um but they're not too integrated, but the some of the other stuff like snakes, lizards, birds, uh rabbits, a little ground squirrel things, they're just around all the time. We've got some like falcons that live in our tree and
like.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and I think, you know, especially right now with a limited rain, people are seeing them more because there they're coming in closer to people's houses to get water plants that are irrigated and whatnot.
You
know
a lot of the a lot of the fancy houses that are on the foothills side of town have like saltwater pools because yeah, it's better than not having water, I'm sure. Yeah,
yep. It is 3 17 so
it's
I
don't,
Okay, get ahead.
the biggest one that's ludo, I have four dogs, so
Yeah, here's one, I don't know if you can see it's sleeping in the pillows.
Yeah, they are ours like they just show up again, that's the thing about the wilderness. Only one of our dogs did we like go to a shelter to get the other ones just showed up
in our carport like during the summer looking pretty sad.
Yeah, you look for their people and then you're like well I guess you're our people because you've been here for a week while we were looking for your people. And I hear like
no the biggest one the one that sleeping next to me. Uh we like found indirectly
with people. Um
They're
like doesn't respond to this name. Oh I think that's my aunt's dog, like she gave it to a family member that said that they wanted him and now they're not growing up about whether he got out or they let him out like and I was like well you know he's currently sleeping on my couch with a toy we bought him so.
Yeah they they rule the roost.
Um Not during the summer very much because there's you can't wake up early enough to get them out before it's too hot. Um So
it we have it's not it's not very large but it's probably big by East Coast standards, we have a quarter acre yard, they can run around in and we have a pond in our backyard with fish and stuff. Um And then we we take them any other time of the year, we take them for walks and they have their little harnesses and and me and my partner both put them on a we have like a two a two dog leash, so each one of us has a two dog leash.
It's very exciting. Yeah
it's very exciting for the most part. Um But yeah they manage um mostly
it's just trying to like chase lizards and you have to make sure you keep a little like pocket comb to take cactus out of them when they do something stupid and get cactus on them.
she's
always
sleep.
Um So we have to pit bulls and one corgi chihuahua mix and one lab docks and mix.
Yeah. Yeah he's like he's like a black lab but if you shrunk it down and made it a little bit longer than you would expect.
Yeah we've
got from from 35 to £75 critters and from 1 to 11 at this point to in ages they just they spread out.
Yeah and if you if you try not to they just show up what
can you do,
Wait we took we have to tell them to like okay like now tell your friends like we don't have any more room, we have to put out the signs to all the neighborhood dogs like keep going, don't don't stop here.
I had
built it, yep, we built it and we've got some fish and some water lilies and stuff and we have a a bullfrog that like just decided he was going to move in, we didn't put him there, but he lives there now. Okay.
Israel,
it's,
we need to, we have a we have a filter and we try to put the um whatever we have like pond die and the scum killer stuff, but like they need more air, especially during the summer we get the fish on the side of the pond sucking because there's not enough air in the water. That's our, that's our next project. It's hard to hard to manage the heat and the pond.
Yeah, on occasion we'll get a little bit of ice crust on the pond in the winter, but like I have never had to really do anything about it. Yeah, Tucson gets a couple of hard freezes a year, which is why we have less like tropical landscaping them, like people in phoenix or Vegas do because
definitely actually freeze here, so
I did not, I just know I entered it approximately three, so I figure we're almost there.
Yeah, yeah, it's interesting to like have a conversation and and then be like looking at your watch like okay
it's time
that
it's
no
um I have actually done it twice now so
so
yeah, that was nice chatting with you,
thanks, you too,