Hello.
Good hurry up. Uh huh. Sorry I couldn't tell if my audio was on or not.
Yeah. So what is
your name?
Can
you repeat that
Catania
t fine. I'm sorry
I'm taylor nice to meet you.
Sorry, I'm trying to get my screen set up. So how are you today?
I just took a little nap which is why my hair is crazy. I didn't try to but it just happened. So
are you are you located in the United States?
So you're on the East Coast Hill? I know I try not to nap between like four and seven because then I figure I won't sleep but it just happened today.
Yes, I'm in north Carolina but I'm originally from pennsylvania so I've always been on the East Coast. So are you working, are you in school?
Oh wow. Is your school currently in person or online?
So are the other programs going back on on person on campus to or just your program?
obviously you're not at N. Y. U. Because they're quarantining their kids and not feeding them and stuff. I've been seeing that all over
Tiktok.
so
did
you have to get tested? Like do you live around there or did you have to move back for school?
That's interesting. So do you have to go to like the health campus or something to get the test done?
I
don't know, wow,
Yeah. It sounds like people are getting tested really quickly. I know one of my coworkers, her son just got tested at east
Carolina yesterday and he got the results today. So it seems like colleges are getting their hands on the rapid results.
no.
definitely. I saw that. I think it's Illinois. They're Illinois or indiana. I think it was Illinois. They have like an app where you, you have everything logged in there and you get your temperature taken like every day or every few days and then you have like on
your phone, if you aren't positive then your green status and you can be admitted into the bars and the different school buildings. But if you test positive
then it restricts
you from accessing things. So it seems like they're doing a really good job.
A lot of other schools
are not.
But
yeah, it seems like they really have it down. So hopefully, I mean, I feel like next week or this week is kind of a late start, so hopefully boston knows what they're doing.
I'm a big penn state fan and they the big 10 closed for the year, but every other conferences planning on playing. And it's so strange because in Alabama I guess 500 kids, they've been back for a week and 500 students tested positive. So it's like they're not, they're not playing football this year,
That's
funny. So how many roommates do you have?
God.
I know.
What are the odds of that?
That
would
be
So how far is your hometown from your school?
Oh my gosh, that's a lot
closer
than I thought.
So
are you
making
the drive back tomorrow if you start classes on thursday? Yeah.
Did you say you start on the 27th?
okay. Gotcha. I was gonna say you're gonna have to get moving if you have to leave tomorrow.
And
yeah. It's hard to be excited about going back right now with all the uncertainty and you don't know if once you get there, if they're going to send you right home, so
So in the spring they said like you need to leave, you need to go
home.
Yeah. And it's hard, especially if you are in any of the science and engineering and you know, any of those programs that the labs are so important. That's really
hard.
my
gosh.
And that's
it's just a lot of stress on people and a lot of uncertainty and I think if you knew when the end date would be, would be one thing, but it's like this thing could be on on next summer to you really have no
idea. So.
I agree.
You couldn't
whole lot. That the first time I did one of these conversations was I'm trying to think if I was still in north Carolina or if I left to go back to pennsylvania. It was like right around the time this all started and I think I must have just got back to pennsylvania. So like you didn't know how serious it would be. Like, I think at that point I had wedding scheduled for the summer and I was like, oh
like the weddings will still happen. And now thinking back to that point in March, it's like, oh my gosh! For six months now, we've been living in this weird world.
When
you think about it?
my
gosh.
my
gosh.
So did they do anything for the seniors, like did they get to do a virtual graduation or anything or they just holding off?
hold on.
what?
You know, funny I was in a my Master's program, we were supposed to graduate in May and they never said a word about it and as I was thinking about the seniors at your school, I'm like they have not communicated anything
like I think
now and
well I have my degree but I never had a graduation, but now I'm thinking like they never said we they had talked about either having graduation this winter like you would walk in winter or that they'd have one next spring. But now that I think about it, I'm like they have not communicated anything, I don't know that we'll ever have, which I don't really care, it's you know for my masters I wasn't super invested like I I feel for the seniors and you know it would have been nice to just I got a cap and gown, I could take pictures at some point. I'm not super
invested but it's so funny to think like they literally have not communicated
about graduation
since
this
all happened
pretty much.
Hi.
school counselling. So now I am working a middle school counselor.
Yeah it's something
woman.
yep. So we started last week so kids are miserable. Teachers are miserable, were miserable. It's just it's completely virtual here. Um So just low morale. No one wants to be doing it, no one wants to sit on their computer all day. That's why I had shaken app you know. Um So it's just it's hard and as middle schoolers they want to be with their friends and they want to be social and they don't want to sit and listen to someone talk for eight hours and I mean they're on from eight AM until about three p.m. It's a long day, it's miserable. So it's it's not
great and I am interested
to see
my friends who teach in pennsylvania, they started today and there in person and I'm interested to see how long the schools stay open up there, like they have their face shields and everything. Uh But well see it's an interesting time to start
a career, especially one in a school
but
because.
Exactly. That takes the fun parts out right now but we were in our internships when this all happened so we were in like school placements and all of a sudden the school shut down and they were like you might not be able to graduate because you still need 100 or 200
hours. So you think about like labs and all the things that people physically need to be doing in person and then you think about counseling, like you need to be directly counseling these students and you get those hours. So we got lucky because you know we were able to move some hours around and things like that and council college students. But um yeah,
I just lost my train of thought. Sorry my friend, my friend is in an occupational therapy program and her graduation got pushed back like a year because she can't do her next placement yet. So
of people who are in grad school right now if they have a placement like they're getting screwed over because they can't do a physical therapy placement or occupational
therapy. So I got really lucky that I got out when I did. Uh
Yeah.
wow.
Well mid june
they did they started a week earlier this year because of everything in the fall or in the spring. Um So they did start a week early just for orientation purposes but I know my friend he teaches in New Jersey and they don't start till mid september uh But yeah
we we go until mid june sell I don't know we'll see
over.
okay 8 to 4 the kids have to be on until three and then it's like office hours and stuff from 3 to 4.
gosh
So
were you,
I know it does especially in front of a computer where you, did you grow up in Albany area?
So
what
No,
it's
funny because if you had said Troy a year ago, I would have no idea what that is. But my the roommate who did occupational therapy, she lives in Troy. Uh
So I actually, I was out in called Lime Lake. I'm trying to think what town that spot. Mac ius. Okay. Yes. Some city in new york. Um But I was at her lake house recently. But yeah, she and her fiance, they live in Troy. So that's funny because otherwise I, a few months ago I would have had no idea
that.
It's
the
state capital,
so they should know it.
Not
quite.
That's funny. So do you have any siblings at your house with you right now?
Have
you
guys been? And I was going to have you join this time together?
Shoulder.
all my middle schoolers last year, they love Tiktok and I was like, I'm never getting on Tiktok like it's
for
a little bit.
So
Even
like cake decorating and stuff. Like there's so much cool
stuff on there or like life. Hat.
And it's nice when there's so much other stuff going on in the world and when your brain is so overloaded, it's nice to just do something mindless and to watch it and not have to think or not have to actively. Yeah, make any effort. So I don't know. I love
technology.
But yes.
Well
it's funny when it like shows you things that are tailored towards you. Like I've seen so many different locations and stuff in north Carolina recently or like things from Shits Creek and I'm like, how do they know that? I watch Shits Creek, which obviously they build it based upon the things you're liking and the videos you're watching and stuff, but it's just funny and it's like how does it know me so well? So
I know, but I don't know if
I believe
that
or
not.
I
don't
know. I'll be I'll be pretty upset if it goes somewhere just because again, it's mindless. It's but I agree. We're not we're not profiting off of it were just, well we're profiting when we and it brings
us happiness.
it's definitely a good way to spend your time and
right, yeah, I love when the guy pops up and he's like, you've been scrolling for way too long and
then you feel attacked by it, but
So I set the timer, I wanted to make sure it didn't go off and burst your ear drums. Um so I thank right around 25 minutes, but it was nice to chat with you today
and
I
hope
that
thank you. I hope that you're moving everything goes smoothly and that day
can
keep you there. I'll be checking up on boston College to see what the updates are.
Don't
do it
there.
It's bad here, so don't
do that. But goodness, well, good luck with everything and have a safe trip