Okay. Yeah. Uh huh, mm Oh mm. Yeah, yeah, yeah mhm mhm
Hi, how are you?
Oh no, it's good like. Yeah,
I'm,
my name is stefania. What's yours?
No,
stefania,
stefania,
that's okay.
It's right here.
Pretty good. How about you?
I was going to take a nap right after this then. Yeah.
Yeah, I am in new york, upstate new york.
Are you also on the East Coast?
I'm in school, currently a sophomore in college.
Um so I'll be going back on campus the 27th actually because I'm a biochem major, so I have a lot of labs,
I think like they have a choice, like you have a choice of being completely remote or like coming on campus and most like business kids are like english majors have chosen to like not come back on campus. Yeah.
I've
heard about that. That's like ridiculous. Like even my school, they're like, it's like taking a while for them to get in like the coronavirus like test results. So like kids been stuck in their rooms for like 24 hours and like the school gave them food, but when it's like a bagel in a salad and I'm like scared to like, I'm like, I don't know if I should bring food myself, but they said don't bring any food because like I was like, this is so confusing but
like
hopefully.
Yeah, I have to move back, go up, I go to boston college so I have to drive up to boston and then when I arrive I'm going to get a test and then have to quarantine in my room until I get my test results. Yeah.
No, they like put the testing center inside of the football stadium. It's weird. But I guess that's the only place they had enough space for everyone to be like separated enough so that I have to like make a loop around and like there's like checkpoints around
campus
before I can finally have like access to my room which is God. But like my some of my roommates have already arrived on campus and they told me like you know it's taken a while for them to get back. But like the process to get the test was pretty simple.
It.
Yeah we just need to like um we're supposed to have an app and stuff but the app is not working so like they just need to
fix that because like this is gonna be such a stressful semester to begin with so like let's not have any issues. But yeah.
But
For
what?
Super
smart.
Not your company but wow,
that's a really smart system
I'm just scared because like apparently the football team is like in session which is like they're not planning. I hope they're not playing. I'm playing football. Like I don't think anything they're going to come to play football at all. Like that's just ridiculous. So like
Yeah. I sure hope not because like I won't allow it not
on my campus. I can't
out of there's eight of us. Yeah,
but it's like a sweet so it's like a sweet. So like we have like a kitchen, two bathrooms, like a living room and stuff so it's like it's pretty spacious because like I was like um I just chose randomly because I had a plan to get like a single for myself. I told my like my roommate was also like my best friend, I was like don't worry about me because if you wait for me then you'll have no one and they'll put you random. So like go with the other friend. And then because of the virus, they're like, yeah, I know we don't have space for singles. So like I was just like, okay put me randomly. But I got lucky because I know five of the girls. And then like,
yeah, so I was like, that's such a like a good coincidence. But like, thank you.
Yeah. I currently don't have a direct movement because they like boost her. But like, so I'm hoping like maybe I just have a room to myself and the sleep. But I doubt it. My school is super weird with
housing. They like
move
people and whatever they want. Yeah, it would be
Two hours and 58 minutes
coming
up.
Yeah. It's closer, my school is closer to my hometown. The new york city is to my hometown, which is interesting. New york's huge
now
that
you can go
what?
Yeah. Yeah. No, no, I moved back on Tourism with the classes start on the 31st.
Oh no, no, I didn't feel at home,
I'm like packed and everything just ready to leave, but not really such a weird situation.
Yeah, that's what I'm super scared about, like trying to pack super lightly just in case like if they send me back, I'm just like outward there really quickly because like the first time they set up kicked us out, kicked us out, but they gave us like four day notice and they're like, you have to go figure it out and like even the kids who like were international students they have to go to and I was just like, this is not fair
who
like, just like that. I was like, everybody was anticipating it, but the way they went about it was super like, what was it?
like
learning remotely for like him or like by like by kevin, that was like, I just, I'm not excited for that. Like it was, it was hard last semester just because like, I did not know what was going on at all. I'm lucky I've been passed. But now like, it's like weirdly hybrid, we don't have a schedule. Like one of my teachers lost our testing time. Like I don't know how you do that. He was like a class. Like I lost the time interval for testing, I'll make
it
up for you guys. It sounds like, so when are you going to test you? He goes, oh, just ask the teacher to switch with me. And I'm like, if you do it at a time where I'm not available then I'm going to have to lose my class. And it's like my schedule cannot change anymore. So it's like kind of ridiculous. Everything,
insane.
no, no,
no, hopefully it does not. This
this is such a weird summer, like it's been such a long summer, but it's in such a short summer. I just this is creeping me out the seal
until we
And
Six months? That's insane, wow. Oh
my
Like Yeah, like I'm literally, it was spring break. Um I had been on campus because I was doing like this log thing, spring break, I was like lounging around watching Love Island. My friend, like I was just living the life. And like I had heard like whispering like my friend who was in shanghai, she was like, I don't think I might be able to come back, this thing
is serious.
And I was like, what? What are you talking about? What? No, like I thought it was like, not that big, I thought it was like the flu because that's what everyone was saying. And as I was also sick because I had like an ear infection stuff and I was like, holy shit, I can't leave
the house
at all. Like, I stayed in my room the whole time and then everyone came back and was like, maybe it's back to normal. And then the seniors, like I had a lot of senior friends, they came in one day, they were bawling their eyes out. I was like, what's going on to go? We might not be able to graduate. I was like, what are you talking about? And then literally two weeks later, the school sends a text while I'm in lab to like first ascended to a 70 member. So the faculty member is on my phone. He goes, oh my God, they're shutting the school down. I was like, what? No, they're not where to get this, and I'm checking my email, but they didn't send, it, just didn't see it. And then I sent and I was like, okay, whatever. I just packed myself and didn't finish a lot. I was like, I have to go like, whether it was insane. And like one of my friends, she was in Virginia and her sister drove all night and picked up the next day and she was just gone. It was like one by one, everyone just started leaving and all the seniors were like super sad because like four years down the drink because you don't get a graduation, you don't get that like moment of like and I was just like this is not fun. Yeah.
So like it was kind of virtual. It was kind of like they just said their names but like it was not like nobody at the podium was just like audio of like their names being called and stuff and everyone was on it and that they're not planning on doing anything in the fall really. Like they like, no, like what I did, me and my my older
minute we like printed out like fake diplomas from our senior friends and I want the names on it because I was like, I feel so bad. Like what have I seen your friend? She was like the first person in her family to graduate that's supposed to be like huge. Everyone like all her family from like across the country and from cubes to come and I was like I'll make it up raise, I don't have a chocolate and the fake diploma. I was like, hey go talk to your family. It is
what it is. I'm sorry. But
Well
you will. Oh my God. Your master's program said nothing
so you don't have your degree?
It's good.
I think
that's
crazy
there.
Like you have your degree, it's fine. Oh
no, that's crazy. But
like you were in a master's program like what did you do your graduate for?
That's cool.
Like
you started or like um uh
no.
What?
It's
Just
it's
a very interesting and I don't think about that like I like
I knew people were like graduating and stuff like that but I didn't really think about like starting a new career especially in these times like the economy's down everything so different so like you adjust to this difference because that's not what you were taught in school but then afterwards you have to adjust to a new another new normal and like hopefully everything works out fine and like morale goes up so you can like I please enjoy your job but it's crazy.
Well.
Yeah.
thank God
It's
Oh
horrible. So I should think about it's also weird because well I think we'll up here anyway in my area I live in the Albany area but like we start school like september like, well they're starting school in september 13th. Yeah
and like I went to a charter school for middle school and we started like august and we ended in like june kind of area. So like, I was kind of used to that, but like, now that I'm thinking about it, like all of them, the U. S. People started really different times. So like when I heard that you guys already started, I was like a lot of super early. When did you guys end? You also ended like may
what?
Yeah.
so long. And how
long are your school day is? Like 8 to 3?
Cause wow, okay. Because when I went to high school at a public school, like classes ended started at nine ish and then dismissals at 3 15 and I was like this is the life, because I might try to school. We started at seven and end at five, which was you
and like in, on Fridays it would be like a half day, but like it didn't count because it ended for like four ish, which was our half day. Yeah. And I was like, this doesn't make sense, but I want anyway. And then I went to public school, I was like, this is white work, so like 83 wow, it
seems so
long.
Um, well, okay, so kind of, I don't people ask like any time you think about this question, I just don't know what's how to answer really. So I was born in Benin africa and then I moved to when I was six and then
we
lived and like still Albany county, but like Albanese, weird albanese, like there's a county, there's a city, there's a district. So I live in Albany County which encompasses like a bunch of just areas. And then I lived in Troy new york which is another part of Albany. But then we moved, right when I started high school, we moved to the suburbs. So I would go to like over more suburbia in high school, that's what my parents said. So
now I live in late them, so like I guess I kind of grew up anywhere
but
It's super cool.
Even
people, like, even people in boston boston college, they're like nobody like they don't even know all of it and I'm like opening is the big one that we have to know over the, so
I just
go
new york.
I just go in new york and new york city, I'm like
no, not
new york city, sorry?
No, I have a younger sister right now
and we're
hoping,
no. And I know it was kind of like still each other's tip talks and that's how we bond tip talks were
tipped talks, but pick tops nonetheless. Yeah.
I was
saying
I was
the same. I was like, I don't want to be on Tiktok. That's just the stuff all they do is dance and like do it just like musically but like more cringe. E and then now I'm gonna ticked off like I downloaded the app again because I deleted because it's like done. Then I don't want it again this week and I'm like on it all the time. But this is funny. You have a problem with the thought, but
like,
good.
like, yeah, I like life hacks, the amazon wishlist stuff and like the cooking ones. Those are like the nice one. So I'm like, I'm never gonna even buy anything. I'm not going to cook anything. But I'm gonna look because this is inspiring.
That's not
a lot to talk. Like it's just everything is there and you can just like, you end up in the weirdest places like last
week I ended up on british to talk and I was like, what is this? I never clicked on anything. I don't know what they're saying, but it's funny. So yeah, it's like a new world,
but
Yeah. Yeah, I'm sorry, it's gonna be gone, but
it
is what
it
is.
Yeah. Like uh I mean they are suing to like stay in like Microsoft's planning to buy them so like hopefully everything works out. But like then again, like I don't make any money off the abs so it's not me, it's gonna be hurting that much. It's going to be the other kids. So like for their sake, I hope it stays, but like, I'm sure there will be something else. Just like it. I mean like there's vine was musically tic tac.
Many
voters.
enjoy
it. Yeah. Well like hopefully if it goes to like another company, they don't like change kind of like the formatting or like, because I really do like the way it's just, is like, it's a free kind of area kind of so like that. So the stairs assume.
Yeah. Well waste your time with mike.
They're like, are you sure you want to continue?
but you continue to netflix. Yeah.
And
it's nice to chat with you and meet you as well.
I
hope
everything goes well for the school year.
Thank
you.
Thank you. I'll check up on north Carolina
school districts to make
everything's
safe.
Hello.
You too. Thank you. Stay safe.