I used to, I don't want to, yeah, Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm, mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Okay. Small. Do you think implemented? But the people in detention anyway? Okay. Okay. Yeah, mm hmm. Hey there? Yeah, Yes, yeah. Right, uh I can't hear you,
I can hear you now,
If how's it going?
I'm
chris nice to meet you.
Okay, So what's going on? How is um covid happening in your area?
More things opening up for a while though.
Oh man, I know we were hit hard, like really bad in new york and then they start to level off a little bit and then I heard florida and texas got really bad and I don't know which is things are just not looking good right now. Yeah,
like waiting like barber shops and restaurants and drinks and everything, wow.
Do you like people care in texas or the area you're at?
You're
gonna
I'm assuming it's not being enforced, right? When you go to stores.
Thank
you.
all
Yeah, but it's kind of scary though, like putting everything on the security guards, like enforce that. I've heard. Like people are like have been beating up security guards and
That's
what
for sure. Are you guys like in lockdown right now? Like you guys can't leave the house Andrew, I'm starting to lose you. Your sound is oh,
okay, there you are
than yours. But yeah, like, I don't know, new york has just been crazy. I mean things are slowly starting to open up, but with all the protests and like, should I go outside looting?
I
don't
know.
I don't know, it's just I'm trying to make the most out of it, like, it's great that I get to work from home, so like, I don't have to really like take the subway to work. Um But the same time, it's like my electricity bill is going up by a lot because my home all the time, how about
you?
Like
do you have to like going to work or
good
teacher
back?
no.
Like it's going to be 100% in person or
have
How do you feel about it?
there
Mhm.
It's
good,
I mean, I can't even imagine like schools reopening and then if there's an outbreak, it's like okay, we're gonna close. Okay.
Right. So I mean, I feel like that's going to happen. Like I'm trying to understand like what's the big push to get kids like go back to school in person.
And it's to relieve a lot of the parents to, I'm assuming.
You
know what
People
are sick
of each
other.
That's crazy.
I
did it.
Now that I'm thinking about like now the kids are not getting food. Like what do you think about the whole stimulus checks that are not happening or no extension?
Like how do you feel about that?
I
don't
think
people, no.
like
piecemeal, piecemeal it.
Yeah. But it's so funny because I think Pelosi was trying to push the whole idea of like p smelling things. But the republican group were like, nope, it should be all in one package. I'm
understanding
right there. I don't know. It's just
I'm
not
$75m update. What?
Like where, which FBI building?
Yeah. I mean, I hope things get better because so many restaurants and so many businesses are closing. Like my favorite restaurants, like what is going on in the world, it's like I have to learn how to cook now,
it's been going well. Um You know it's I look at the bright side where you know even though the meals are not that great that I'm cooking um I'm saving so much more money
which is a good thing, but the same time it's like my mental my mental capacity is just out the window like
I feel
like
I'm
or that
well you know like I guess not really because I'm so busy at work so I work at a hospital um and you know like I think part of it is like I'm focused on operations and focuses on like covid preparedness initiative and now the recovery efforts and now that I'm doing all that, it's kind of like what if there's going to be another surge in september I mean the great thing is that like we already prepare like we know what to do but like going through that all over again, it's like that's just so tiring. Like I'm so burnt out from work. I don't know.
Uh huh. Is that mirror that you
okay? Um Yeah, I've been working around from home since like early March. I mean I can't I can't go back to the office but like why take the subway? We're like everyone like is in there like spreading covid but I don't
know at the same time, like I felt like I'm not too scared of it. Like I mean I don't have any chronic illnesses but the same time like you never know what's going to happen now if I do get sick. Um But you know, I'm just trying to make the most out of it. I feel like it's staying home cooped up on my phone. Too much. Get really tiring. Oh.
Oh I think that that will fix it. Yeah.
Yeah, I feel like you you've been going in and out a little bit
and then
What kind of, is it like a laptop, Is it the microphone at the bottom of the screen or a laptop?
No, we're actually in Phase three, I think we're like slowly opening up. We have like outdoor seating um cases have been low and when they say cases they mean like hospitalization cases. Um
But yeah and like, you know, people are still living it up. Like I actually uh I went around a park to like jog and it was crowded, like everyone, everybody was congregated and I feel like Covid never existed. It's like what is going on? It's like do you guys like nod care? Um I
mean I anticipate that people are getting infected, but they're just not getting to that sick to the point of going to the hospital. So um I think that's what's happening in New york city, so I think it's a, it's a misconception when they say like, oh, Covid case is gonna go up like, nope, I think it's just hospitalization cases, I didn't go up
because I hear like my friends and like are going to like beaches, fire island and like they're coming back, like it's nothing and I'm like, I'm sure they're like infecting other people, they've got infected, but I just haven't been sick enough. Like, I don't know if it's because of summer or the people that are going out or like more healthier. Um I can imagine like older people and people with chronic illnesses are like staying at home. I mean, my parents like don't leave the house and God bless their souls. It's uh I mean, I think it's it's just, it's a crazy world right now. It's like, did you ever imagine that this would happen?
Come
in,
Yeah. I mean, I guess like, I'm just trying to see like the positive side, like the silver lining in all this.
I mean, I'm sure pollution is way down. I'm sure, you know, we are changing things that, you know, we haven't, we thought about, but we never needed to do. Like, you know how like the whole health care industry is like now moving more into like a whole telling where, you know, there's like no waiting rooms anymore. Like there's like a nun with touchless screens. I
don't
know.
What?
I
think
the hospitals are trying to do that now, especially like outside in new york city where people can wait outside the car and they would get text when it's like their deployments ready. And I think like with people working, more people working remote, you know, I think this saves a lot in real estate. Um and like I'm really hoping rent in new york city goes down because I'm like spending so much money on rent every month and it's just, you know, I'm trying to be hopeful that rent prices are gonna go down all
across,
but they haven't yet, not
too much. I was reading an article about like a lot of like businesses like in like um Luxury, like shopping areas like 5th 5th Avenue in New York. Like um have you heard of the magnificent mile in Chicago?
That's
they're like, they're like, oh yeah, rents going down by like $500 every square feet, like that's great, but like there's no business coming in. So what's the point? Why did you move to texas from Chicago
I mean you wanted to get a job in a teaching job in Chicago or um
Not really. Okay,
they're
just
more
more opportunities and
I was
what?
And I'm assuming that doesn't happen in texas.
Yeah. Yes, I mean did you know anybody before he moved there?
so
it's
all it's
family member is because like also like rents like cheaper their cost of living blah
wara.
That's so funny you're saying that because like I was considering moving to Austin but like, I don't know if that's so much different from where you are at in terms of like the cost of living.
Well yeah,
there's
like no
water. Yeah, I also love Chicago to like how long were you there for?
And that was for work to I'm assuming.
nice. So my friends were like come to Chicago come visit us. I'm like I don't know, flying as a a good thing right now but like I feel like I'm just going to bite the bullet one day and just fly. I mean a lot my friends are saying like airlines have been like social distancing but like when you leave the plane like there's no social distancing
And people are just waiting like standing next to each other man.
I mean I guess in some areas like I was looking at flights to New Orleans and it was still like $200 and $250 like round trip from New York. And I kind of found that surprising because I really thought that there wouldn't be too much of a demand, but apparently a lot of people are flying still that we
just
right. I I actually heard that they're doing a little better. Um But a lot of like areas like outside of New Orleans like um um I think I forgot what area metarie I think and there's like a lot of cases from Mississippi that are getting bombarded, so now they're bringing all the patients over to new Orleans because that's the only area because they hit hard first, so now they're not and now they're getting all these cases and I'm here like the mayor like scaled back and like closing all the bars again. My friend was like I was so happy because the bars were like open over the summer like now we don't have it anymore.
Well I mean you can drink at home still but they're like it's not
the same
rare, but I don't know, have you ever been to new york?
you're from Chicago?
Do you
ever want to go? Yeah, it was pretty great before the whole pandemic. It, but now it's kind of like, you know, make sure with covid the protests, the looting, you know, everyone just leaving new york and now people are being able to work remotely so they're just like peace out, like we're not going to be paying the high rents, you know, they're just going to be living with their parents, right?
But I don't know, I feel like I've been in new york for too long now, I need a I need to find a new location.
I've been here for about 10 years now. Yeah, I'm originally from California, the area which is not that much cheaper than new york, so
like super, super expensive and like I'm hearing at the rents there are going down a little bit uh but not too much like I have friends and family like living together like in the same house just because it's so damn expensive. Like even the cost of living is like I mean I'm not the cost of living, the pay wages are a lot higher, but it's still not enough. But
yeah, I think san Jose is the most expensive and then san Francisco and then new york so you know I just you know subconsciously love the most expensive places to
live
just like waste, let's here to take my money
to like
Chicago is an ex right? I don't know, I actually love Chicago like I I've been there like maybe three times now and like I actually really consider like moving there on one point, I feel like Chicago is like a cleaner version of new york. I don't know,
Chicago.
New
york.
york is pretty nasty but you know like there's a they uh there's character to it, you know it's
true history and character but you know it's it's it's only good for so long until you get sick of it. Yeah.
Dunk
Dallas
is Dallas very different from Houston? Yes,
like like how so like the people or like the area I heard like Houston has like the worst traffic with the worst drivers or something uh correct me if I'm wrong
put that
jane is uh is well is because
there's more people in Houston. Mandela's uh
But
Because I'm thinking of like when I think of bad traffic I think of like L. A. Oh no, it's so funny.
No, I think they just need to make more public transportation more accessible in L. A. Because you know, there's just so much damn traffic and like people, like some people are moving to LA. Like even like my friends from new york are moving to LA, like I guess they love, you know, sunny weather. Oh my kitty
cat.
Yeah. And they're like L. A. Is really bad too with Kobe cases. Like I heard,
I
heard,
I heard they're closing everything to now.
It's like where can we go
Montana
hawaii around? Do you leave the house often or do you like staying home most of the time since you've been some break?
I don't
do that
regularly,
guys, your gyms are open. Oh, you guys are so lucky. I actually
had a membership at 24 hour fitness. Have you heard of it? And they closed all their locations in Manhattan?
Like
I'm like I I had like a really good deal for like over 10 years. I'm like what am I supposed to do now? Like run outside? Like what is that?
But like now that you know, I don't have a gym, like I'm trying to like utilize my park um trying to like find other gyms that are affordable because Jimson like Manhattan are super expensive. It's like $120 for a month. How
much, how much do you pay if you don't mind me asking?
That's so cheap. It's Houston to Houston is a big city, so I think it be a little more expensive.
How
How many minutes is that?
that's not too bad then. Okay, I was like two hours or something. 30 30 miles. Mhm.
for sure.
How is your friends and family and I had taking um all this in right now?
Wait
are they allowing visitors?
Oh no. All
it takes is like
no.
Right, but you have to go back to school in person. How far is Dallas from Houston?
Well that's not too bad then. So you can make a day trip out of that and
and Austin is that it's not that much further? Right.
I'm thinking like if you live in Houston you can even go to like new Orleans.
It's not too bad. It's it's so nice. I keep forgetting like texas is right next to Louisiana. I mean I've only been to texas once which was Austin um But I feel like there's so much to experience in texas. Okay. I mean
what
Michael?
It's like different states within the state. Yeah. And how are the people there? Are they like very different? Like, are they like open to like, outsiders?
Listen,
Mhm. It's like, it's kind of like a hipster town. Like when I went to Austin, like I felt like it was just all hipsters, it was like Brooklyn new york. Uh It's so funny because like, I had friends from michigan who moved to Austin and they're like, we love it here, but there's no water around. Like in terms of like, you know, there's nowhere to swim or really
lake
Travis,
They
can't read
Like a man made lake. It's so funny. I don't know. I feel like um I need to go back to Alison soon as long as the cases are like, not too bad. And you know, and now that I'm thinking about it, I'm going to check the flights for Austin, I mean,
Yeah. All right. So Andrew. I think that we have to 25 minutes. Right?
We're
good.
It was nice meeting you and
be safe out there. Have a good one. Thanks.
Bye.