Yeah, very well now
and very
Not
too bad. My name is,
I think you get,
it's not great. I'm in the southeast texas or getting hit pretty hard.
They were. Yeah, that's probably quite so bad.
think in like May or so they pretty much open to everything.
bars. It was like reduced capacity, but it was open
It's like half and half. Like you
go to the
grocery store and half the people will be wearing a mask and the other half like won't be wearing it or be wearing it like on their chin.
It's supposed to be
like, I was at the grocery
store the other day and even the security guard wasn't wearing his like, dude, it's your job to make sure people are
wearing their masks,
right. For sure. I mean like you're an hourly employee, you're not going to, you're going to say, hey, you need to wear a mask. But after
that
I wouldn't put up a big fight about it trying to explain them.
I'm like everything.
I'm not, I'm not sure where my microphone is. I'm like trying to talk towards it.
And
that's
probably
not.
Get
all the
one got all the lights on, got the tv on fans and stuff. Yeah.
Uh, well I'm a
teacher,
so
I'm on summer break right now, but we are scheduled to go back early september, so we'll
see
the
first three weeks are going to be online and then a person after that. As of now,
I'm definitely worried. Yeah. I mean, like I teach high school, so at least our kids are, you know, coherent enough to know they
should be wearing a mask and should be, uh,
you know, washing their hands and stuff, but it's
going to
be impossible to keep them separated. You know, there's always gonna be those ones that don't listen. I think it's I think it's probably going to be like a month or two before we have like serious outbreaks because of kids going back to school.
What's the point? You know?
I mean I think it's just because they don't get care and attention at home for a lot of them.
Right. Right. Like you know domestic violence and domestic abuse stuff is
supposed to be
like way up just because people
are cooped up together.
for
so
long,
Well I'm like a lot of our kids they rely on
school for food. Like they get
basically free breakfast, free lunch five days a week. So when that's gone you worry about their nutrition stuff like that.
With unemployment? Yeah.
I mean I feel bad
for
the
people that are really suffering from it fortunately for myself. It's not Yeah, I just can't believe that they haven't
I was just talking to somebody else, it's like why do they have to vote on so many different things at the same time? Why can't it be like just unemployment benefits or just the stimulus check?
I've
like what else are they doing? Like that's their job, right? As lawmakers?
That's just crazy
to me,
like I
heard
they were trying to push through like a $70 million update to an FBI building and with that stuff
yep, for an FBI building,
I'm not sure.
How's that been going?
Absolutely.
You
learned
some stuff
so
to learn some new stuff though?
California. You said you work from home though?
I'm not sure. Sounds like really skinny right now.
Background
think it does,
I can hear you fine, can you
uh Could be
I'm not sure where the microphone is. Yeah.
I don't actually see one anywhere, I know the ports on the left. Mhm. Yeah. I don't know. Sorry, you guys like completely shut down.
Yeah positive.
Mhm.
Read
No absolutely not.
It's funny
I had a student that asked me right before spring break, so beginning of March and they're like do you think we should be worried about this stuff? And I'm thinking back to like H one N one and SARS and swine flu, like all these viruses that have popped up in my lifetime that like we're never issue and I was like no it'll be gone in a week or two. Mhm. What an idiot. Right,
correct.
So
they don't
have waiting rooms. They're like they got a
like a bad ready for you or like a holding room if
you
will.
you would
think they should. But
enough.
Yeah. I'm
actually from Chicago. Yeah.
Work. Yeah.
Not
Yeah there was
just more
of
them in texas. They're easier to find in texas.
like
I don't know if you if you ever hear about it in the news
but like the Chicago teachers union strikes like every other year because working conditions are so bad
now.
Um I actually had a friend that moved to texas as well um Close to that same time period and my parents have moved down here to. Yeah so
it
just
made sense.
Council living
way cheaper.
It often is a little more expensive but I think you'd find it's a big decrease from new york.
It
will
be my
I was there for about 10 years. Yeah.
No I went to high school and college there. Gonna go after college.
Right you still have to walk out that tunnel. Yes
you definitely get a cheaper flight right now that's for sure.
you
would think new Orleans would be almost freaks. Right hey
now they're gone
it's
lot less expensive.
I'm not yeah
yep. Never been. I've been like out to philadelphia that's about as far northeast as I've gone
but.
I don't blame them.
How long have you been there?
The bay area like san Francisco yeah.
That's like one of the most expensive places in the country isn't it?
You're
just going, going down the list
Chicago
next.
So
Chicago is cleaner. So new
york
must be pretty nasty. What?
and character.
Yeah. It was funny. I go to Dallas first and now I'm in Houston, but when I got to Dallas I was like, man, this city is so
clean compared to Chicago. She's
funny. Oh yeah, that was really nice.
it is.
Yeah. I mean Houston's pretty bad
for traffic. Um because like Houston's a really big city, but it's really spread out. So like no matter where you go in Dallas are in Austin, there's like only one or two major highways that are really bad all the time for dressing
what?
yeah. I mean Dallas is like
number eight or 9 I think in the nation. In Houston, number three or 4. Depending on which list you look at in terms of population.
And so like I've heard of like those famous roadways in L. A. That gets super busy and it's just because like that's the only road to take, right what's, what I assume? I've never been there either. But like in Houston there's so many different roads you can take but there's so many people so spread out that they're all busy. Yeah.
Well I don't
I don't blame them. Yeah.
I was
seen
on the news there
yep. Shut it back down.
I don't know. Wyoming
south Dakota.
Uh huh. I go
to the gym,
I go
to the grocery stores but it. Oh,
I am,
Yeah I saw they
were closing a bunch of them.
Yeah. How much to watch T. V. At the same time? Mhm. Yeah.
that's crazy.
35.
Yeah so like I'm a little farther out, I'm about 30 miles west First up east sorry 30 miles east of Houston. Uh
In a smaller suburban type town.
I mean obviously depends on traffic but you can get there in about 25 if it's clear.
that's those are like new york times. Yeah.
Get on the highway, go 70 the whole time. Yeah.
Everybody is good. So far my mom is a nurse at a assisted living home up in Dallas, so they're really scared but they haven't had any positive tests for staff or patients I should
say residents I guess. So
they weren't until like a couple of weeks ago
and
now they are as far as I know. Um I don't
know how Dallas cases are doing so I guess if they're staying steady they might let them keep coming. Sad. Right. I mean can't go see people living
About 3 1/2 hours.
go up two or 3 times a year.
No, probably about 3, 3.5 hours
In New Orleans is probably six or 7 hours.
I mean it's especially when you take into account like west
texas, it's like a
whole
I mean at least where I live. Yeah. Like there's so many transplants in Houston um from different areas that like, I mean you see on like movies and tv like the texas accent, you rarely even meet people around here that have that just because there's
so many different people from all over the place that are here.
There's like like Travis setting that's about it.
But
I was like, it's like a super super rich
neighborhood
that there's like a lake in the middle of.
you probably get it if you want to take it home with you.
Yeah. Uh turn my stopwatch on. We're at 25-20 right now.
I
think we're good. All right,
Julian,
Do