SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hello she said on your on good. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah mm. Yeah mm mm. Yeah. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: So how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Oh Oh it's going fine it's uh 11 o'clock here at night. What uh what about you?
SPEAKER_R: It's actually quite a bit earlier, it's 9:00,
SPEAKER_L: Ah Nine o'clock.
SPEAKER_R: just seconds.
SPEAKER_L: The mountain time.
SPEAKER_R: West Coast. Uh
SPEAKER_L: What's close? I'm here in the midwest. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Were uh
SPEAKER_L: the Iowa
SPEAKER_R: oh okay, I'm in Oregon and
SPEAKER_L: that is quite a ways away.
SPEAKER_R: it is, it is, it's uh yeah, two A couple of 1000 miles. So um yeah, but uh my name is Mike and uh
SPEAKER_L: I'm Danielle
SPEAKER_R: how nice to meet you? I'm not entirely, they didn't really like specify what we're supposed to talk about, so just
SPEAKER_L: Basically we just talk for 25 minutes and you just uh answer the survey after that. I've uh
SPEAKER_R: how,
SPEAKER_L: go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: um, and I was, are you like in a big city or are you
SPEAKER_L: It's rural here.
SPEAKER_R: okay? Yeah, I'm in Portland, which is um decent sized city I guess. Um but house like the corona virus, uh going on.
SPEAKER_L: Oh um here uh most of the restrictions have been lifted so it's up to like each business what they want to do. Um Yeah most businesses are only allowed still allowing to carry out. Most bars are still uh closed and uh depending on where you go shopping they'll either don't care or require you to wear mass. Yes
SPEAKER_R: Where you have to wear a mask if you go into like any sort of like public building or like, you know, any restaurant or store or anything like that, Like I went to a supermarket today and they're like, you can't come in without a mask, so it's, yeah, it's kind of crazy.
SPEAKER_L: it's yeah they Iowa they had the governor
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: has not required it as at all. But
SPEAKER_R: time. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: It's 5050 chance whether people wear masks here or not. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've traveled around Oregon a little bit since this whole thing happened. And you can kind of like depending on where you are, like you can kind of see a difference and like who's wearing a mask and is like what areas of the state where people are wearing a mask and he's not, it's kind of interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know. Some of the larger towns, people are more concerned about it while in um smaller towns. Uh Some people are, I don't really care about it. Any restrictions or anything.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like I was diagnosed while, but I don't know, I'm kind of like started to get used to things and it's like, yeah, washing my hands and yeah, where
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Five. I've got uh mass that I have in my purse or uh in my car. We're going to have to go shopping or anything. Uh My work requires me to wear a mask, so I always have
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: at least one on hand. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So does my work, like when I go into the office I have to like if I'm not at my desk, I have to like wear a mask. So,
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: but they provide
SPEAKER_L: do you do
SPEAKER_R: them,
SPEAKER_L: for a living?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm an analyst for a transportation company here, Like a, like a public transportation company.
SPEAKER_L: That sounds pretty interesting. Uh Is it all transportation or do you have like a a certain industry? You do like trucking or
SPEAKER_R: Well it's actually
SPEAKER_L: something?
SPEAKER_R: not public transportation so it's like um just like the normal buses and then they ask, you know, they have like a light rail system in Portland and then what I work for is like the pair of transit so for like people with kind of like these disabilities or something like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I know what you're talking about.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so they're not able to use like
SPEAKER_L: Decision.
SPEAKER_R: the navy buses that
SPEAKER_L: Usually
SPEAKER_R: Perfect.
SPEAKER_L: like a short bus basically.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, essentially. Yeah. Uh they have like the ramp on them usually, you know, like for real chairs and then um actually a lot of them are vans but just kind of kind of funny but uh but yeah, so like they have to um the policy is they have to like if somebody can't ride on like a normal bus, they have to offer comparable service to that person. And so that's that's how they offer it, but it's kind of like a Uber system So they can book a ride and then they'll come to their house, pick them up and taken to the grocery store. So it's a pretty good deal. It's only 2.50. So
SPEAKER_L: Is yours, is is it hired employees or is it a volunteer run?
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: Because
SPEAKER_R: hard
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: employees.
SPEAKER_L: one.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, there's like a big union and it's, I mean there's Just for our division, the pair of transits side, we have like 250 buses. So it's pretty, pretty big actually. I think we before coded We did like around 4000 rides a day. So yeah, it's like kinda it's not like uh I mean you could possibly do volunteer but there's a there's a lot.
SPEAKER_L: Because see for um, buses like that. Uh, I used to substitute as an associate. It was, um, like two buses for all of the one county and the drivers were all volunteers. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: So so what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, um, I actually am. I have my last day at my retail job tomorrow and then I got hired as a elementary librarian.
SPEAKER_R: Oh nice. Absolutely. Cool. Yeah, that's a
SPEAKER_L: There,
SPEAKER_R: that's a lie. I was doing some teaching for a while too. So I kind of know. Yeah, that's a uh huh. Have you add them? So elementary librarian? So yeah. Just do you kind of know what your responsibilities are going to be
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um, as far as
SPEAKER_R: four?
SPEAKER_L: the school hasn't decided whether they are having kids on in the classroom yet or what restrictions they have in place. So, um, I have absolutely no idea what my job is going to. Uh, look like. I mean, I know, uh, I mean, I already have some lesson plans prepared by, I don't know what the started school year is
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: gonna look like.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know like I like I have like deaf use and stuff who are like are you know like
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: weird.
SPEAKER_R: elementary school and they're doing like the zoom school, like the you know the kind of online thing. And then it's also like they don't know what's going to happen next school year. Like they're kind of like I don't know my like sister is like kind of freaking out of it because she was like I can't do this like you know, I got out of school, I got to work and all this so it seems pretty tough right now. But so so are you going to be teaching at all? Are you going to be um just kind of managing the library?
SPEAKER_L: Uh, yeah, I'll be teaching for, um, here in Iowa. Uh, library is like considered a specialist class along with music and art.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: So I have um I have each each class each grade level usual be teaching uh Two classes a day for library skills and then one class a day for technology skills.
SPEAKER_R: mm that's cool. Okay. Did, and so did you go to like did you study that in school? Like library? I had a friend who got like think of masters and kind of library education or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: Um basically uh any, well in the state of Iowa I'm not sure what it is in Oregon. Uh you have your bachelor's and then for library and you get your master's on top of that those two years of extra for schooling. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so your school, how do you know how many students are, are is it like a bigger school or smaller?
SPEAKER_L: Um. Yeah it's a city with a bunch of elementary, it's a city with a bunch of elementary schools all spread out. So um It's a bigger town but I'll have a smaller population because it's more spread out. I'll be serving
SPEAKER_R: Happy.
SPEAKER_L: around uh 200 students. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Forget about. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I mean pretty small for a citywide but
SPEAKER_R: But you can probably memorize all their names, you know it's 200 and you might be able to eventually right?
SPEAKER_L: yes that's what uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you're eventually expected to do but uh it's not going to happen in time soon, they're here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I am actually taught in Japan for a little bit. Thank you. Good tape.
SPEAKER_L: Were you finishing um english?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah and um like I had like every day it was like you know different kids you know multiple Wednesday and the hell have you know his name? So it was like I was like homie, I remember these kids you know like it's yeah so it was yeah. Kind of know that. God. Yeah. Yeah. That's well, congratulations. That will be, I think that's that would be a fun job. Sounds like it.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I am excited because I just um I grabbed I just graduated with my Masters in uh May and then getting that uh job offer about a week later. That was like
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: that was exciting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's awesome. That's always good to have that lined up like. Yeah that's yeah that's how stressful right like in college like when you're like it's like am I going to get a job?
SPEAKER_L: Are you uh I don't know. Uh did you just recently get out of college or are you doing college education right now?
SPEAKER_R: No not right now. I did my masters, I graduated with a masters in 2016. I'm thinking about doing some kind of I don't know, supplementary studies like of a university but I haven't um I just haven't had time to kind of figure out what I want to do. So um Probably I mean obviously be more related to what I'm doing now kind of an out so this kind of data kind of stuff, but yeah, so I don't know, I miss being in school, that was kind of kind of, I don't know, it's like fulfilling or something, you know like and it's like you're meeting people uh you know?
SPEAKER_L: I can say about just being in the education field or just continuing the education, You're always learning something new because if you've been in a job a while you kind of get too comfortable because you know everything.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and it's like kind of the same people all the time and like yeah, and you kind of just, this is what, you know, you know what you need to do and you just do it, you know, like you're like going to college, like kind of at least when I was doing matches that really introduced me to a lot of new ideas about how to, you know, solve problems I guess, and I kind of missed that to some extent. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: did you have to write a a master's research paper or what did you have to do to earn your Masters degree?
SPEAKER_R: I did
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: I did like a paper on like um kind of like kind of artificial intelligence type stuff. Um and that was kind of the last the capstone kind of thing for the masters. Um But uh yeah it was all it was a lot of like um you know like there was like uh lectures and then a lot of like working on projects like collaborating with other students and like you know some of them were kind of like software development, so we were kind of like analysis of data sets and all that, so yeah, it was it was interesting.
SPEAKER_L: I tip my hat off to you. Statistics and analysis is definitely uh not my strong suit at all
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if it's mine either but like I I'm kind of interested in it, so I think that like that obviously helps a lot like if you like like to do like if you're like, you know, but I don't know like it's like some of the concepts, I was like I thought my head was going to explore. What. Yeah. But yeah, so but I don't know. Yeah, I went to um mm I didn't actually, I went online actually for Masters and have you do
SPEAKER_L: staying here. Uh It was um online but they hate, yeah you had class through a zoom and you met like once a week.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that was kind of like mine as well. Uh I was I went to DePaul in Chicago uh Yeah and it was all online so it was cool. I liked it. Mhm. But so how's the weather out there right now? Like I don't know much about Iowa.
SPEAKER_L: Oh um Iowa it's either freezing cold or boiling hot. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Right
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: now it is uh it's been a very hot day.
SPEAKER_R: So does it stay hot at night? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it cools off some but it's still hot if you know why yet to sleep around here. You have to at least have the A. C. On.
SPEAKER_R: Oh really? An organ Like it's like It's July now July two I guess and it's like overcast still and probably today I think it was like Maybe I got the 70.
SPEAKER_L: Well you're lucky you've got an ocean just right over there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah exactly. It's probably I'm probably like an hour and a half away from the ocean so that's probably why. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it gives you nice and cool all week guys flat land there's very little paid.
SPEAKER_R: that's yeah, we have a lot of mountains here like I mean from I think so. I actually live kind of in the suburbs, so if I go to Portland like I have to go over a hill and it's like 700 ft. But and it's like kind of ground level here. So like I go up and then, you know like there's all sorts of like, you know, And then we're like there's a pretty pretty famous large mountain that's like an hour away, it's like 12,000 ft. So. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: The biggest place and I was like uh pike's Peak. I can't remember how big that is but it's not hi considering a mountain. I was pretty flat.
SPEAKER_R: that's kind of what I've heard about. Iowa Flat.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Lots of um what people do for fun around here is we got a lot of uh lakes and streams so a lot of people will go uh boating. Uh Most people around here on a boat or at least a paddleboat holding, fishing, hiking, lots of
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: outdoor
SPEAKER_R: want to
SPEAKER_L: activities.
SPEAKER_R: hear um I don't own a boat, unfortunately, that would be nice. But yeah, there's like a pretty big river close by, that's like huge Colombia. Um But it's, you do some nice boat in there uh But yeah I do a lot of hiking around here, some pretty good hikes and a lot of lot of forests here. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was my sister's birthday today so we spent um some time out at the the state park. We uh rented a paddle boat and we did some hiking and then went up and uh went up to a lookout tower and took some pictures.
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome. Yeah it's good to know like since like the whole like covid thing, I haven't like done a lot of stuff like that like this summer, like I'm like I don't know what I'm gonna do, like I usually go on vacation somewhere but I don't yeah I don't know like there's no it's like I feel bad like I could go to the beach but I think it's gonna be really busy and probably would be good. But
SPEAKER_L: Oh no. Did you see the close florida down again because of all the people that were at beaches?
SPEAKER_R: in California to it, thank parts of and I think there's like a like for the west coast States there's like some sort of agreement like they're going to try to like kind of follow each other's orders or something, so I'm worried that they're probably going to close the beaches down here as well and I imagine. But
SPEAKER_L: Have you ever gone up into Canada?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I've driven driven to Vancouver multiple times. That's nice. Um It's like five a five hour drive from Portland. So yeah, how about you?
SPEAKER_L: Oh um my grandparents used to have a cabin up there so they went there every summer. I've never been out of the country at all. But my um, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: How far is like uh it's kind of clothes, you can drive up to Canada All right, it's not too far. Right?
SPEAKER_L: All right. Um Let's see I'm gonna look up Iowa to Canada. I think it's got to be
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: It's gotta be five plus hours at least 12 hours and 29 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, really? Whoa, that's fine.
SPEAKER_L: This yeah if you think of where michigan is we're a state down
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: true. But yeah, okay, in michigan is kind of like uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's there but you still got the Great Lakes in the way.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly. It's Yeah, yeah, I is twittering to Canada quite a few times because I have some friends that live there. So, um we drive up there and it's like, it's kind of strange because you're like, get to this place and they're like, then you're in another country, like right right through, but you can use your car there and everything, but you have to kind of get used to these like, you know, kilometers per hour there in the metric system. It's a little a little funky. But the Vancouver is a really cool city though. It's like, it's like I always like feel like Canada is like kind of like America, but like Vancouver feels like kind of like international, so it's kind of a cool place,
SPEAKER_L: Did you recently go up there to celebrate Canada Day or no? Any friends
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: that did?
SPEAKER_R: it's funny that you mentioned that because I work with people in Toronto, like they like not they don't work for the same company as me, but the software that we Hughes they they I don't know, they created it so it's a it's a company in Toronto and we had all sorts of problems today with our software. So I was on the line with tech support and they're like
SPEAKER_L: you probably couldn't reach them.
SPEAKER_R: exactly, because it was Canada Day and I was like what? And so yeah, then we have a 4th of July so you can reach us.
SPEAKER_L: Just wait until they can't reach you in two days.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly, yeah, I actually have to I have tomorrow off because we're observing it tomorrow because it's on a saturday and I have to talk to them tomorrow. I start to work on my day off because they had Canada Day.
SPEAKER_L: That's fucked.
SPEAKER_R: Uh so yeah, mm.
SPEAKER_L: I have my uh my last day at work tomorrow then I'll be done with that job and then I'll I will I have the month of july off to get everything moved for my new job.
SPEAKER_R: that's yeah, that would be nice to have like a month off to just kinda get settled and yeah, I will be
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: long have you been? Go ahead? I was just gonna ask how long have you been at your current job?
SPEAKER_R: Oh God, it's been about three years
SPEAKER_L: Uh So since you got out of uh since you got your masters degree or like a little bit less than that?
SPEAKER_R: a little bit less that I was actually while I was doing my masters I was working at another company to kind of similar stuff but they were kind of having some okay financial issues I guess. Like they got they got bought by, it was really crazy like they got bought by some company in spain. This is kind of strange and it was a software company that they bought, they bought the company I was working out and they were trying to like move everybody around in different places in the country and I think they wanted me to go to texas or something and I was like I'm not gonna go texas sorry, so I ended up finding another job, I don't even know if they're still around importantly so um But yeah at that time
SPEAKER_L: I'm guessing when the I'm guessing maybe when they bought out the company there must have been something in the contract that they would uh I don't know, keep all the employees on or move them somewhere else or at least.
SPEAKER_R: I know and they actually were like it was kind of strange, they were like trying to get, they were opening up like a big what kind of second headquarter places like Mexico Mexico city and I was like they had all these people coming up and like learning how to do the job and everything so it's like kind of like the last three or four months I was there. I was like kind of like something weird's going on. Yeah. So it was kind of an interesting situation at, but I like my current job now because it's like it's kind of government ish. And mhm. I don't know if people are really cool and it's not it's like they're not ever going to get bought out. So
SPEAKER_L: You know if if you're I mean you don't work in the transportation industry but you're you're part of it, so I don't think they're going away anytime soon. All right.
SPEAKER_R: Let's say you come out with like self driving cars or something. I don't know. But
SPEAKER_L: I know they're working on that, but
SPEAKER_R: probably
SPEAKER_L: we'll see how that goes.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Well, I think the time is up actually,
SPEAKER_L: Yes you are. Right. It's Uh well it's 1126 here.
SPEAKER_R: you're probably like, okay, I'm really weight, but all right,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: well, this is nice talking with you and good luck on your new position.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. And uh make sure you stay safe and healthy and uh keep doing a good job.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You too. You too. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.