Uh huh.
So how's it going?
It's actually quite a bit earlier, it's 9:00,
just seconds.
West Coast. Uh
Were uh
oh okay, I'm in Oregon and
it is, it is, it's uh yeah, two A couple of 1000 miles. So um yeah, but uh my name is Mike and uh
how nice to meet you? I'm not entirely, they didn't really like specify what we're supposed to talk about, so just
how,
um, and I was, are you like in a big city or are you
okay? Yeah, I'm in Portland, which is um decent sized city I guess. Um but house like the corona virus, uh going on.
Where you have to wear a mask if you go into like any sort of like public building or like, you know, any restaurant or store or anything like that, Like I went to a supermarket today and they're like, you can't come in without a mask, so it's, yeah, it's kind of crazy.
Good
time. Okay.
Yeah. I've traveled around Oregon a little bit since this whole thing happened. And you can kind of like depending on where you are, like you can kind of see a difference and like who's wearing a mask and is like what areas of the state where people are wearing a mask and he's not, it's kind of interesting.
Yeah, like I was diagnosed while, but I don't know, I'm kind of like started to get used to things and it's like, yeah, washing my hands and yeah, where
so
Yeah. So does my work, like when I go into the office I have to like if I'm not at my desk, I have to like wear a mask. So,
but they provide
them,
yeah, I'm an analyst for a transportation company here, Like a, like a public transportation company.
Well it's actually
not public transportation so it's like um just like the normal buses and then they ask, you know, they have like a light rail system in Portland and then what I work for is like the pair of transit so for like people with kind of like these disabilities or something like that. Yeah.
Yeah, so they're not able to use like
the navy buses that
Perfect.
Yeah, essentially. Yeah. Uh they have like the ramp on them usually, you know, like for real chairs and then um actually a lot of them are vans but just kind of kind of funny but uh but yeah, so like they have to um the policy is they have to like if somebody can't ride on like a normal bus, they have to offer comparable service to that person. And so that's that's how they offer it, but it's kind of like a Uber system So they can book a ride and then they'll come to their house, pick them up and taken to the grocery store. So it's a pretty good deal. It's only 2.50. So
it's
hard
employees.
Yeah, there's like a big union and it's, I mean there's Just for our division, the pair of transits side, we have like 250 buses. So it's pretty, pretty big actually. I think we before coded We did like around 4000 rides a day. So yeah, it's like kinda it's not like uh I mean you could possibly do volunteer but there's a there's a lot.
So so what do you do?
Oh nice. Absolutely. Cool. Yeah, that's a
that's a lie. I was doing some teaching for a while too. So I kind of know. Yeah, that's a uh huh. Have you add them? So elementary librarian? So yeah. Just do you kind of know what your responsibilities are going to be
four?
All
Yeah. I know like I like I have like deaf use and stuff who are like are you know like
in
elementary school and they're doing like the zoom school, like the you know the kind of online thing. And then it's also like they don't know what's going to happen next school year. Like they're kind of like I don't know my like sister is like kind of freaking out of it because she was like I can't do this like you know, I got out of school, I got to work and all this so it seems pretty tough right now. But so so are you going to be teaching at all? Are you going to be um just kind of managing the library?
Oh that's cool.
mm that's cool. Okay. Did, and so did you go to like did you study that in school? Like library? I had a friend who got like think of masters and kind of library education or something like that.
so your school, how do you know how many students are, are is it like a bigger school or smaller?
Happy.
Forget about. Mhm.
But you can probably memorize all their names, you know it's 200 and you might be able to eventually right?
Yeah.
Yeah. I am actually taught in Japan for a little bit. Thank you. Good tape.
Yeah. Yeah and um like I had like every day it was like you know different kids you know multiple Wednesday and the hell have you know his name? So it was like I was like homie, I remember these kids you know like it's yeah so it was yeah. Kind of know that. God. Yeah. Yeah. That's well, congratulations. That will be, I think that's that would be a fun job. Sounds like it.
That's
Yeah. That's awesome. That's always good to have that lined up like. Yeah that's yeah that's how stressful right like in college like when you're like it's like am I going to get a job?
No not right now. I did my masters, I graduated with a masters in 2016. I'm thinking about doing some kind of I don't know, supplementary studies like of a university but I haven't um I just haven't had time to kind of figure out what I want to do. So um Probably I mean obviously be more related to what I'm doing now kind of an out so this kind of data kind of stuff, but yeah, so I don't know, I miss being in school, that was kind of kind of, I don't know, it's like fulfilling or something, you know like and it's like you're meeting people uh you know?
yeah, and it's like kind of the same people all the time and like yeah, and you kind of just, this is what, you know, you know what you need to do and you just do it, you know, like you're like going to college, like kind of at least when I was doing matches that really introduced me to a lot of new ideas about how to, you know, solve problems I guess, and I kind of missed that to some extent. So yeah,
I did
I did like a paper on like um kind of like kind of artificial intelligence type stuff. Um and that was kind of the last the capstone kind of thing for the masters. Um But uh yeah it was all it was a lot of like um you know like there was like uh lectures and then a lot of like working on projects like collaborating with other students and like you know some of them were kind of like software development, so we were kind of like analysis of data sets and all that, so yeah, it was it was interesting.
I don't know if it's mine either but like I I'm kind of interested in it, so I think that like that obviously helps a lot like if you like like to do like if you're like, you know, but I don't know like it's like some of the concepts, I was like I thought my head was going to explore. What. Yeah. But yeah, so but I don't know. Yeah, I went to um mm I didn't actually, I went online actually for Masters and have you do
Yeah, that was kind of like mine as well. Uh I was I went to DePaul in Chicago uh Yeah and it was all online so it was cool. I liked it. Mhm. But so how's the weather out there right now? Like I don't know much about Iowa.
Right.
Yeah.
So does it stay hot at night? Yeah.
Oh really? An organ Like it's like It's July now July two I guess and it's like overcast still and probably today I think it was like Maybe I got the 70.
Yeah exactly. It's probably I'm probably like an hour and a half away from the ocean so that's probably why. But
that's yeah, we have a lot of mountains here like I mean from I think so. I actually live kind of in the suburbs, so if I go to Portland like I have to go over a hill and it's like 700 ft. But and it's like kind of ground level here. So like I go up and then, you know like there's all sorts of like, you know, And then we're like there's a pretty pretty famous large mountain that's like an hour away, it's like 12,000 ft. So. Yeah. Yeah.
that's kind of what I've heard about. Iowa Flat.
I don't
want to
hear um I don't own a boat, unfortunately, that would be nice. But yeah, there's like a pretty big river close by, that's like huge Colombia. Um But it's, you do some nice boat in there uh But yeah I do a lot of hiking around here, some pretty good hikes and a lot of lot of forests here. Uh huh.
That's awesome. Yeah it's good to know like since like the whole like covid thing, I haven't like done a lot of stuff like that like this summer, like I'm like I don't know what I'm gonna do, like I usually go on vacation somewhere but I don't yeah I don't know like there's no it's like I feel bad like I could go to the beach but I think it's gonna be really busy and probably would be good. But
in California to it, thank parts of and I think there's like a like for the west coast States there's like some sort of agreement like they're going to try to like kind of follow each other's orders or something, so I'm worried that they're probably going to close the beaches down here as well and I imagine. But
Oh yeah, I've driven driven to Vancouver multiple times. That's nice. Um It's like five a five hour drive from Portland. So yeah, how about you?
How far is like uh it's kind of clothes, you can drive up to Canada All right, it's not too far. Right?
What?
Oh, really? Whoa, that's fine.
That's
true. But yeah, okay, in michigan is kind of like uh
Yeah, exactly. It's Yeah, yeah, I is twittering to Canada quite a few times because I have some friends that live there. So, um we drive up there and it's like, it's kind of strange because you're like, get to this place and they're like, then you're in another country, like right right through, but you can use your car there and everything, but you have to kind of get used to these like, you know, kilometers per hour there in the metric system. It's a little a little funky. But the Vancouver is a really cool city though. It's like, it's like I always like feel like Canada is like kind of like America, but like Vancouver feels like kind of like international, so it's kind of a cool place,
you know,
it's funny that you mentioned that because I work with people in Toronto, like they like not they don't work for the same company as me, but the software that we Hughes they they I don't know, they created it so it's a it's a company in Toronto and we had all sorts of problems today with our software. So I was on the line with tech support and they're like
exactly, because it was Canada Day and I was like what? And so yeah, then we have a 4th of July so you can reach us.
Exactly, yeah, I actually have to I have tomorrow off because we're observing it tomorrow because it's on a saturday and I have to talk to them tomorrow. I start to work on my day off because they had Canada Day.
Uh so yeah, mm.
that's yeah, that would be nice to have like a month off to just kinda get settled and yeah, I will be
there.
Oh God, it's been about three years
a little bit less that I was actually while I was doing my masters I was working at another company to kind of similar stuff but they were kind of having some okay financial issues I guess. Like they got they got bought by, it was really crazy like they got bought by some company in spain. This is kind of strange and it was a software company that they bought, they bought the company I was working out and they were trying to like move everybody around in different places in the country and I think they wanted me to go to texas or something and I was like I'm not gonna go texas sorry, so I ended up finding another job, I don't even know if they're still around importantly so um But yeah at that time
I know and they actually were like it was kind of strange, they were like trying to get, they were opening up like a big what kind of second headquarter places like Mexico Mexico city and I was like they had all these people coming up and like learning how to do the job and everything so it's like kind of like the last three or four months I was there. I was like kind of like something weird's going on. Yeah. So it was kind of an interesting situation at, but I like my current job now because it's like it's kind of government ish. And mhm. I don't know if people are really cool and it's not it's like they're not ever going to get bought out. So
Let's say you come out with like self driving cars or something. I don't know. But
probably
Uh huh. Well, I think the time is up actually,
you're probably like, okay, I'm really weight, but all right,
well, this is nice talking with you and good luck on your new position.
Yeah. You too. You too. Okay.