Yeah. Hello she said on your on good. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah mm. Yeah mm mm. Yeah. Mhm
mm.
Oh Oh it's going fine it's uh 11 o'clock here at night. What uh what about you?
Ah Nine o'clock.
The mountain time.
What's close? I'm here in the midwest. Yeah
the Iowa
that is quite a ways away.
I'm Danielle
Basically we just talk for 25 minutes and you just uh answer the survey after that. I've uh
go ahead.
It's rural here.
Oh um here uh most of the restrictions have been lifted so it's up to like each business what they want to do. Um Yeah most businesses are only allowed still allowing to carry out. Most bars are still uh closed and uh depending on where you go shopping they'll either don't care or require you to wear mass. Yes
it's yeah they Iowa they had the governor
has not required it as at all. But
It's 5050 chance whether people wear masks here or not. Yeah.
Yeah. I know. Some of the larger towns, people are more concerned about it while in um smaller towns. Uh Some people are, I don't really care about it. Any restrictions or anything.
Yeah. Five. I've got uh mass that I have in my purse or uh in my car. We're going to have to go shopping or anything. Uh My work requires me to wear a mask, so I always have
at least one on hand. Yeah.
What
do you do
for a living?
That sounds pretty interesting. Uh Is it all transportation or do you have like a a certain industry? You do like trucking or
something?
I know what you're talking about.
Decision.
Usually
like a short bus basically.
Is yours, is is it hired employees or is it a volunteer run?
Because
the
one.
Because see for um, buses like that. Uh, I used to substitute as an associate. It was, um, like two buses for all of the one county and the drivers were all volunteers. Yes.
Oh, um, I actually am. I have my last day at my retail job tomorrow and then I got hired as a elementary librarian.
There,
Yeah. Um, as far as
the school hasn't decided whether they are having kids on in the classroom yet or what restrictions they have in place. So, um, I have absolutely no idea what my job is going to. Uh, look like. I mean, I know, uh, I mean, I already have some lesson plans prepared by, I don't know what the started school year is
gonna look like.
That's
weird.
Uh, yeah, I'll be teaching for, um, here in Iowa. Uh, library is like considered a specialist class along with music and art.
So I have um I have each each class each grade level usual be teaching uh Two classes a day for library skills and then one class a day for technology skills.
Um basically uh any, well in the state of Iowa I'm not sure what it is in Oregon. Uh you have your bachelor's and then for library and you get your master's on top of that those two years of extra for schooling. Yeah.
Um. Yeah it's a city with a bunch of elementary, it's a city with a bunch of elementary schools all spread out. So um It's a bigger town but I'll have a smaller population because it's more spread out. I'll be serving
around uh 200 students. Yeah.
I mean pretty small for a citywide but
yes that's what uh
you're eventually expected to do but uh it's not going to happen in time soon, they're here.
Were you finishing um english?
Oh yeah, I am excited because I just um I grabbed I just graduated with my Masters in uh May and then getting that uh job offer about a week later. That was like
that was exciting.
Are you uh I don't know. Uh did you just recently get out of college or are you doing college education right now?
I can say about just being in the education field or just continuing the education, You're always learning something new because if you've been in a job a while you kind of get too comfortable because you know everything.
did you have to write a a master's research paper or what did you have to do to earn your Masters degree?
No
I tip my hat off to you. Statistics and analysis is definitely uh not my strong suit at all
staying here. Uh It was um online but they hate, yeah you had class through a zoom and you met like once a week.
Oh um Iowa it's either freezing cold or boiling hot. Yes.
Uh Right
now it is uh it's been a very hot day.
I mean it cools off some but it's still hot if you know why yet to sleep around here. You have to at least have the A. C. On.
Well you're lucky you've got an ocean just right over there.
Yeah it gives you nice and cool all week guys flat land there's very little paid.
The biggest place and I was like uh pike's Peak. I can't remember how big that is but it's not hi considering a mountain. I was pretty flat.
Uh Lots of um what people do for fun around here is we got a lot of uh lakes and streams so a lot of people will go uh boating. Uh Most people around here on a boat or at least a paddleboat holding, fishing, hiking, lots of
outdoor
activities.
Yeah it was my sister's birthday today so we spent um some time out at the the state park. We uh rented a paddle boat and we did some hiking and then went up and uh went up to a lookout tower and took some pictures.
Oh no. Did you see the close florida down again because of all the people that were at beaches?
Have you ever gone up into Canada?
Oh um my grandparents used to have a cabin up there so they went there every summer. I've never been out of the country at all. But my um, yeah.
All right. Um Let's see I'm gonna look up Iowa to Canada. I think it's got to be
It's gotta be five plus hours at least 12 hours and 29 minutes.
This yeah if you think of where michigan is we're a state down
that.
Yeah it's there but you still got the Great Lakes in the way.
Did you recently go up there to celebrate Canada Day or no? Any friends
that did?
you probably couldn't reach them.
Just wait until they can't reach you in two days.
That's fucked.
I have my uh my last day at work tomorrow then I'll be done with that job and then I'll I will I have the month of july off to get everything moved for my new job.
How
long have you been? Go ahead? I was just gonna ask how long have you been at your current job?
Uh So since you got out of uh since you got your masters degree or like a little bit less than that?
I'm guessing when the I'm guessing maybe when they bought out the company there must have been something in the contract that they would uh I don't know, keep all the employees on or move them somewhere else or at least.
You know if if you're I mean you don't work in the transportation industry but you're you're part of it, so I don't think they're going away anytime soon. All right.
I know they're working on that, but
we'll see how that goes.
Yes you are. Right. It's Uh well it's 1126 here.
So
yeah. And uh make sure you stay safe and healthy and uh keep doing a good job.
Bye.