SPEAKER_L: Okay. You go walk. Yeah. You have to do this. Yeah. All right. Hi,
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. What's your name?
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: I'm older. Nice to meet you. Where are you?
SPEAKER_R: Where am I in the United States? So I'm right now. I'm in south Carolina.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in the United States to, but I'm going to mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm not a,
SPEAKER_L: Is this your first time during this kind of stuff?
SPEAKER_R: no actually, I think this is now my third one of these studies. Um so like
SPEAKER_L: Monster.
SPEAKER_R: I said, you different rounds. Oh, you're too,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Today is my 3rd 1 too.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, these ones are pretty good in terms of like how much they give to school um at school, but they let you participate again to multiple times. That is gonna be like a wonderful thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think I did I didn't realize it was like a way to sign up for more. So I did it one time and I didn't sign up but then they didn't maybe I think they lunch like it's second round. Well like was the you know little survey screening and stuff and then I did that and I sold this oh if you want to participate again, there is a thing like Oh okay, sure. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We're cool. What did you do um do for work or are you working now? I know with coronavirus? Some people we're not working now, so.
SPEAKER_L: Um Well I'm a full time mom. That's once and
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I it's yeah kids, but it is really um and I just started a little tiny part time job, like a slightly above minimum wage type thing, but at least it's from home and it
SPEAKER_R: At home.
SPEAKER_L: you know, be homeless kids and do that. And it's uh it's just a it's a market research firm and I think they have just more uh um projects now that the elections coming up, so like they need people to do surveys on the phone was, you know, about politics mostly just so that's what I do. I call people.
SPEAKER_R: that's good.
SPEAKER_L: Well, people hate me and they hang up on me, they always think that I'm going to sell them something, or even if they listen to what I have to say that we're saying we're not selling anything, we're just asking like, no, I don't want your questions.
SPEAKER_R: Then
SPEAKER_L: You know, if I get out of 500 cold, if I get like three people to talk to me, that's good, let's go. Yeah it kind of sucks but I'm like, you know better than nothing. So I'll do it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean it's something I've done stuff like that to before, like more like um like phone canvassing. So I call it like being on someone and what do you call it like? Yeah phone canvassing for like someone who's running for like a mayor or something and it's always remember that feeling would be like I don't want to talk to him and hanging up man. Yeah, that was, it's a lot to do that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I until this job I didn't realize that there was such a thing as they call it, what I call it like a smart voicemail, smart voicemail or something like that. Where do you probably know if you've done something like this? Like
SPEAKER_R: I didn't want time ago so I don't know if I would have run a cost.
SPEAKER_L: it's really weird because like the other day I freaked out. I thought it was real like I'm making a coal and I think this thing reacts to when you actually talking. So like I said anything while you're saying something. So like then
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: talk and you think it's, you know, a real person talking to and they were like how did you get my number? And you know, just typical question.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: yeah. And then they start
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: like they start freaking out on the phone. I mean literally and like you're not supposed to know this number. Like how did you get it? Like you have to tell me right now. And I'm like yeah I do have a line for this. Like real working for such and such. Like you gotta talk to my manager and like you I'm calling the manager, married manager coming and they started like yelling at each other and like what's going on the houses that uh and they, you know where you called? This is an FBI and this is a private line in most civilian is supposed to know this. We're tracking where you are right now and we're going to have to bring you for questioning. Like this is really weird. You're not supposed to like I'm like, oh crap like messaging
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: my man in rooms like what's going on? He's just so like I'll just give them my number. But they're like, no man, work, we don't care about this number, whatever. Like who are you waiting for? And I'm like hell. And you know, my kids are here and everything. I know I'm not doing anything wrong, but they're actually started like, like arguing with each other and like you cannot tell someone. So like this line should not be like, well it's not real.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How did you find out that it wasn't real because that would have freaking out too.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My manager told me, he was like, yeah we don't talk about it in trading because
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: it really happen because apparently it rarely happens. But no,
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: gosh,
SPEAKER_L: is not real. This is one of those like they call it smart voice. Most they're like designed to screen out people like us. I
SPEAKER_R: feel
SPEAKER_L: bet.
SPEAKER_R: like that's something they should tell you.
SPEAKER_L: No, like I was a total breakdown.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's crazy man. I've heard there's a way to like, I don't know how people do it but like there's a way to it sounds similar to that, but there's a way to get like your voice mail, so it was like a telemarketer calls or something, you can have them talking to each other, like telemarketers talking to each, I don't know how people do it, but I've heard people do that to accept their voicemail to do that kind of, that sort of thing. Which is like pretty crazy like how things have evolved. But yeah that was freaking out. That would definitely freaking out.
SPEAKER_L: I used to work for, it was years ago to work for Employment Security Commission. And we also have to go but we have to go businesses because they have to report their like employment wages like stuff like that quarterly and they don't always do that. So like I would call them and that stuff didn't exist or at least that guy never ran across anything like this before. Maybe.
SPEAKER_R: feel like it's a newer thing.
SPEAKER_L: Probably.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's crazy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mm What do you do?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I'm a graduate student um So I I'm in the I'm a rising second year, so I just finished my first year as a PhD student at um you Chicago kind of. Yeah so that's what I do, that's kind of I think I study I'm in this um a developmental psychology program, so I um I study kids um specifically I study like Children's social preferences and intergroup attitudes um particularly related to race, ethnicity, social class and wealth. So how they think about those topics and how that influences their beliefs and attitudes. Mhm. Yeah that's what I did
SPEAKER_L: I got a PhD from Ut Arlington in social work. I want to have people like I don't know if they
SPEAKER_R: I know I I wonder that too because I was also paired with someone last time who was a rising grad student at u Chicago too. Which is like crazy. I couldn't believe like like what what are the odds? I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I wonder if it's running yesterday. I talked to a guy, I don't know what his education was but he was also a dad and you know kids And stuff, you know? And the first time it was really young, I don't know how old you are, but you seem young and he was he was like only twenties and I'm like 36 almost and it felt like we almost have nothing in common. Like no kids. No except one thing. We're both both immigrants.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. One thing, where are you originally? Fun
SPEAKER_L: I'm from Russia. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: So really
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: want.
SPEAKER_L: so far are you gonna going online and fall or what are you doing
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so I'm for the grad students like at least in my department they're they're making it so like you can kind of choose for the most part everything's gonna be virtual. I think they're gonna have like a few classes that are in person, but I doubt anyone will really be taking the most professors have already said they want to do virtual, so if the professors aren't there the students can't be there. So um
SPEAKER_L: where?
SPEAKER_R: I mean, yeah, I think the majority of things are going to be virtual, but for the undergrads there um some of them are doing in person stuff, but I think they're trying to limit the amount of people who are on campus so and they're really being cautious about that. Um But for me I'm going to do everything virtually and I can do my research virtually too, so luckily I can do that and it's like it's not a huge issue um um Yeah, I have no plans of doing anything in person. Um Yeah, so I'm in south Carolina now, but I'm not, I don't like obviously I live in Chicago most of the time, but I'm here with my partner because of like the quarantine stuff, I didn't just want to be like a little in Chicago, so this is where he's going to school. Um So I just came to be here for the quarantine, but I'll be going back in a couple of months. But yeah, but I'm originally from California.
SPEAKER_L: So you're going to be there because I mean if you can do it virtually, you can just be anywhere really?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly, that's so that that is like a good thing, but the thing is it's like here my partner lives with roommates. Um So I just don't want to be here for like months and months and months just taking their space. So um you know, I might end up depends on how I feel because I'll be living alone when I go. So it depends if I start feeling like I just cannot be quarantining alone, I might like come back. Um But for now I'm just going to like
SPEAKER_L: What can he be with you instead?
SPEAKER_R: and that's the issue is that his university is saying that like they're going to do more in person stuff so like research and classes so he's kinda has to be here. So that's the issue. Um So it's either I come here or. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's how does that like how do you feel about him doing stuff in person?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't I don't understand why they're doing that. Like I said like most universities are kind of like pretty, they're doing a lot of virtual stuff but they want them to be in person. And I don't know if it's like a regional thing like in the south like for example like around here a lot of people don't believe in mass and stuff like that. So I think it's like a thing, it's like turned into a political thing and like this weird thing. So um Yeah, I don't think it's very smart to have in person classes or research right now unless it's like essential research, but his we're still just not essential. He does, he's a he's in an astronomy and physics program, so it's not like he needs to be in his office, so
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I need a few in different states because
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we want to undergrad together.
SPEAKER_L: always
SPEAKER_R: Um So we met in undergrad. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: she goes together for a while now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, well I did just um graduate in 2019, so I went straight into my program, so yeah, but at least we have been together for a while now. Um
SPEAKER_L: If you program like you don't do masters first, you just go straight for PhD. Oh, that's fun. That's nice. That's
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it is good. Yeah, I mean we get our masters halfway through, so like you will get a masters in my program, but you don't have to come in with one. Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I know it's different.
SPEAKER_L: New masters and then get social work is a little different master practice mostly and usually people just finish and they go into like getting their licenses practicing PhD is different.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Did you do your your degree in the States or did you do it somewhere else? You did? Oh what you told me you told me you did it that somewhere in texas?
SPEAKER_L: I've been to the stage for 12 years now. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: cool.
SPEAKER_L: I did study in Russia also like that I guess I did my bachelors there, but it's five years, they have a terminal degree, they called a specialist, but it's a five year thing. But switching their sort of switching to this uh more of an american uh style when they do bachelors and masters also, but when I was Doing it it was like he would do five years. Yeah. That's it.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Well that's interesting yeah it's interesting to see how different countries do their education. Um Yeah so that's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: yeah and would like to me when I moved here and like I went into this w I was blown away that there is a core courses but then there's also elections and you get to pig like in five years like this of course is you take this semester you just there's no choice is this is what you're taking. That's it.
SPEAKER_R: Wait that's how it was in Russia or that's how, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No, I said, yeah. Like you don't get to choose, you don't get to choose
SPEAKER_R: Go.
SPEAKER_L: so many like your kids just like here for example, I have a lot going on or you know, I'm just only gonna take one class. No such thing like you're taking five this semester and this is it. You know, if you can take them all, I mean take a break maybe like entirely or or or about, you know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's different. Yeah. That's crazy. Huh? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So do you do you um would you like better like enjoying living by yourself or you know having more people around there? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think living alone, well okay so I've never actually lived alone but I like this um where I live now where I was living in Chicago like I still have that place but it's with a roommate and I had a really bad experience with that roommate which is kind of why I came here but also because of quarantine. It was right when quarantine was like starting it was like in March when we had like this really bad falling out. Um And so I was like you know what like it was just when things were starting so I was like I'll just come to south Carolina and it worked out because I can't I couldn't even be in the same apartment with her, so I'm just like really turned off from like living with people. So I'm it'll be technically my first time living like alone because I lived in dorms and stuff previously to this. Um But I'm excited like I'll have my own, it's a studio, not
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: like in a one bedroom but um yeah it'll be my first time of being on but I think I'll I will enjoy it because I don't really enjoy living with random people. Like college was not, I hated the whole a roommate thing. Um I just like my own space and to be able to like do things the way I like them and like I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like, so you shared basically the same space you didn't have like a personal room? Which
SPEAKER_R: for a studio, yeah studio. So it's like yeah everything's kind of like your living room and your your whole living spaces one and they have a kitchen in the bathroom. Um And some are more like compact than others, like I didn't want to studio where like there's some studios where like your bed is like right next to your fridge or something and I'm like I don't want that so I make sure to get one where it's like a little bit more separated. So like yeah I just didn't want like with my bed right in my kitchen like that just felt weird. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: She moved out while you were done.
SPEAKER_R: what do you say?
SPEAKER_L: So she moved out while you were gone.
SPEAKER_R: No she's still there. Um So we have a two bedroom in Chicago. Um And yeah so she's still there and I just like came here but I like getting out of my least would have been like crazy. So I just and trying to find, trying to find someone to take my spot what it was too much like people we're looking for places because everyone was leaving Chicago. Um So I did up just keeping my place there so all my stuff is still there but I'll move out in september completely.
SPEAKER_L: I see, I see. So you loose will be up and you already have a different place. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I really enjoy living by myself whenever
SPEAKER_R: You didn't?
SPEAKER_L: I did. Yeah. It was really strange. The first couple of weeks I was freaking out like, oh my God, I need somebody like please. But after two weeks, wait a second. That's actually really great way. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think that's how I'll be too, I think it'll be good except for like I have been here for a while with my partner so it will be kind of weird to like be alone without him, but I think oh the kind of book, I don't know, we'll see, that's what I think now. But
SPEAKER_L: I don't I don't miss long distance. I have done it. So it was hard.
SPEAKER_R: It's hard. yeah, for sure. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. As long as it's, you know, you guys are on the same page so I'm going to be okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's true. How old? Oh, sorry, yeah. How old are your kids,
SPEAKER_L: Um one is gonna turn four in 10 days and another
SPEAKER_R: well?
SPEAKER_L: 10 months old. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: that's, I know that's probably a handful, but those
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: like those ages.
SPEAKER_L: I like them too. But I think it's always more fun when someone else has. I mean you just get one of those. You know, you don't
SPEAKER_R: I bet.
SPEAKER_L: you don't really get the whole picture until you can have your own. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: air.
SPEAKER_L: I mean no, they're the fundamental but so tiring.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I bet, I can't even imagine, I mean um like when I was younger, I have a younger sibling um and I would take care of them a lot because
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: my mom had to work um So I did have a quite an experience like helping to raise my sibling, but like it's still different I guess, just having your own kid for sure, I bet. Um Yeah, I know how much of a handful and I've worked in so many, like, like I'm in my child development program, so I like I like working with kids um so I've like worked in a lot of different, you know places with kids but I know it's different having them full time. Good
SPEAKER_L: was quarantined
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: now that they're not you know, for six months. I haven't had a minute, I said it to this, you know other person I talked to yesterday like I haven't had a single minute just to be alone and I'm an introvert that is so far. Like I really just need like everybody you get or Mhm. I need some time alone. So you know, I envy you in some way you'll be going there. I mean I know it's different but I wish I could just go like a couple of weeks and be by myself somewhere. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: You know this quarantine must be like so difficult just for like because it's hard for me but I like having kids is like whole added level of stress with all this going on.
SPEAKER_L: well I was pregnant and then my daughter was born while I was in the PhD. And so I was my last year I was finishing up and she was a baby a newborn. So I had to put her in daycare part time like really early so I could do at least something. So that was hard because I think every mom, every mom feels like a humongous amount of guilt when they put the kid in daycare especially in there. But I also have to teach too because um I'm an international was an international student so to keep the tuition in state, so it's more you know, not outrageously crazy, I had to teach so that will bring it down to a smaller amount. So like I have a baby I have to teach to. I think I was teaching two classes and finish up monetization and my husband has a full time job and we have no family or any kind of help. Like I honestly looking back I have no idea how I did it but I knew that
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: sounds
SPEAKER_L: I cannot
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: afford another year of this like it's just really expensive so I gotta finish somehow. Okay. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: That's crazy man. Yeah. I can't even imagine like PC program is so much can man. Yeah there's some people in my department who have kids too and like like just I know it's difficult for them um especially now with the corn especially when you have to like teach your kids like if they have like elementary age kids like they are also teaching while trying to do their peace program just like wow. And I mean like teaching their kids, but also their teaching classes and like, man, just a lot.
SPEAKER_L: Well we had we had some people that have kids like one girl came in having it 2.5 year old. She started out was a little and like had another one in a program but she had oh both of their families around like husband and she did and they had a daycare and so you know they had a lot of support. You don't have that. That's like that's pretty insane.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That is yeah. Is your husband also from Russia or from some?
SPEAKER_L: No I met him, I met him in texas when I moved from actually I started my PhD in uh Louisiana, L. S. U. But then I so when I transferred over to texas since I met people yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Cool. Is he from texas or is he from someone,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Born and raised. Yes
SPEAKER_R: That's cool. Just to have someone who like knows the area, right? Or do you guys live in where he grew up or?
SPEAKER_L: we did we used to until a year ago when he got a different job in san Antonio, so we used to live in dollars for work area, but then when we moved over to san Antonio because his job and you know I was away for for a while I was in Russia was my kids. My second actually was born in Russia. It's great. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: and we came back in March when all this crap started and so he like while we were gone he was basically just going to work coming back home so he
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: knows some things but not too much and then you know now that we're staying home but we don't really know anybody and and we just moved to different places because we were in an apartment and being stepped those two kids, there's like no yard or anything for them to even go play anywhere. We're very hard. But we need a house so they can at least play in the yard because it's just crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Because otherwise yeah, it's hard man. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: This time has been tough. Yeah. I don't really go anywhere either. Like it's it's tough though because for me it's like really bring my motivation down because it's just like no change of scenery. It's just like you're always doing the same thing every day. It's like, I don't know, just not be able to get out. It's hard.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I just hope that this is not forever. Like this is the only thing that like I get stuck in my thinking um if like what if this is how it's going to be and then I'm like then I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I know like you have no idea how long this is going to keep going. Yeah. Really?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. But I hope, I mean there's promises about the vaccine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we don't know when though man Yeah, I don't know. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Are you are you um now that you're gonna be living by yourself? Have you thought about getting like a pet?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I know, I was thinking that because I do, I really like cats and dogs like I love them both but you know obviously cats are like less work than dogs so I'm like maybe I'll do I have to actually check if the new place that I'm living at allows pets um so that obviously would be kind of a determining factor but I feel that that would be cool like even to like foster a cat or dog would be nice just have someone or something. There was no, I am
SPEAKER_L: My my last roommate before I got made of knowing that she had a little tiny dog. Uh It was fun. Like I I enjoyed it and that apartment complex allowed pets and
SPEAKER_R: Who?
SPEAKER_L: I just I was like eventually I want a cat, I'm a cat. I mean I like dogs too, but I like catholic. I ended up getting a kid and that kid and ended up being super sick. It's one
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: of those
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: things we like to get somebody from craigslist and you don't know what you're getting so that those stories and well she was nice about it though, that thing almost died on me and had all kinds of problems. Yeah, it was he's still here so I still
SPEAKER_R: are you
SPEAKER_L: have.
SPEAKER_R: still have her? Yeah wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Test do.
SPEAKER_L: he had so many things going on with him that the bed was like you really should probably put him down because he's fighting and his way too little to fight all those things and I just couldn't do it. And I was like, okay, I can always bring him back to fight. You know, if I see that he's really suffering and I don't know that was maybe a breaking point because I I took him to the emergency that one night he collapsed just was dead looking dead, feeling cold. But I I felt the heartbeat and I just grabbed him, was like two in the morning and took him to the emergency. And that's when they told me like, you know, he needs like all kinds of aggressive therapy and it's a lot of money and no guarantees. So when I just said crying and crying and then the nurse came in and said, well, good news. He woke up and he ate a little and I was like, okay, I'm taking him home and then it's something I'm just saying I'm going to bring him back and from that day like he started slowly but surely getting better and he's fine. Yeah. He's an adult cat still here with us like.
SPEAKER_R: That's gonna be, I'm gonna worked out. That's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: a good ending
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: to the story
SPEAKER_L: was so principle. Like I was a student and I didn't have this steel like I ended up paying overall probably $1,500 for his treatment. I didn't have but my friends all pitched in like I did the go fund me thing and like, like please help because I don't know how I'm gonna pay this. They
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: all, yeah, people are just like little by little. I paid it all. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's so cool. That's a nice story to have now. You're just like your cat. That's nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like my kids are harassing him so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny. Well let's see how long, what does your clock say
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: of like how much time?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know where the clock is.
SPEAKER_R: I think it's like on the page that you clicked on to get to like this tab with
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: the video at the bottom.
SPEAKER_L: Well it says 2-5. It's like it's counting. I'm not sure it's confusing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. Yeah because mine says 35 minutes but it's because I got on here earlier. I don't remember how much earlier I got on here because
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: it sets
SPEAKER_L: you think that
SPEAKER_R: like the timer but like right when you get on the page.
SPEAKER_L: Mine is doing something funny? It looks like it's only 2:45 which isn't right.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. That's not right. That's weird. Huh?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm sure it's been probably like what? It's like 11:30 was started on 11 so it should be about yeah. Okay. No
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: you wouldn't. I want
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: to finish, it
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: was nice.
SPEAKER_L: chatting with you. Yeah good luck with all your studies and you know the they feel too sad. Uh The buck
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: was Youtube guys. I hope it works out. I know this is hard but I know it can work out, I know people for them to work out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: hopeful.
SPEAKER_L: ended up getting
SPEAKER_R: Different.
SPEAKER_L: married and have kids know that kind of good stuff. So yeah
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: it's kind
SPEAKER_R: I hope
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: you have a good rest of your days. It's not too crazy with the two kids.
SPEAKER_L: thank you. Yes thank you so much. It was lovely thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You too. You too. Bye.
SPEAKER_L: don't forget. There is sorry I'm sure you are