are you?
I'm good. Yeah.
Hello.
Where am I in the United States? So I'm right now. I'm in south Carolina.
Nice.
Yeah, I'm not a,
no actually, I think this is now my third one of these studies. Um so like
I said, you different rounds. Oh, you're too,
yeah, these ones are pretty good in terms of like how much they give to school um at school, but they let you participate again to multiple times. That is gonna be like a wonderful thing. Yeah.
Yeah. We're cool. What did you do um do for work or are you working now? I know with coronavirus? Some people we're not working now, so.
That's
At home.
that's good.
Then
Yeah. I mean it's something I've done stuff like that to before, like more like um like phone canvassing. So I call it like being on someone and what do you call it like? Yeah phone canvassing for like someone who's running for like a mayor or something and it's always remember that feeling would be like I don't want to talk to him and hanging up man. Yeah, that was, it's a lot to do that.
I didn't want time ago so I don't know if I would have run a cost.
No,
no.
I
know
what
you're
I don't
Or
Yeah. How did you find out that it wasn't real because that would have freaking out too.
What?
my
gosh,
feel
like that's something they should tell you.
Yeah. That's crazy man. I've heard there's a way to like, I don't know how people do it but like there's a way to it sounds similar to that, but there's a way to get like your voice mail, so it was like a telemarketer calls or something, you can have them talking to each other, like telemarketers talking to each, I don't know how people do it, but I've heard people do that to accept their voicemail to do that kind of, that sort of thing. Which is like pretty crazy like how things have evolved. But yeah that was freaking out. That would definitely freaking out.
feel like it's a newer thing.
Yeah, that's crazy. Yeah.
Um So I'm a graduate student um So I I'm in the I'm a rising second year, so I just finished my first year as a PhD student at um you Chicago kind of. Yeah so that's what I do, that's kind of I think I study I'm in this um a developmental psychology program, so I um I study kids um specifically I study like Children's social preferences and intergroup attitudes um particularly related to race, ethnicity, social class and wealth. So how they think about those topics and how that influences their beliefs and attitudes. Mhm. Yeah that's what I did
I know I I wonder that too because I was also paired with someone last time who was a rising grad student at u Chicago too. Which is like crazy. I couldn't believe like like what what are the odds? I don't know. Yeah.
Oh yeah. One thing, where are you originally? Fun
Thanks.
I
want.
Yeah so I'm for the grad students like at least in my department they're they're making it so like you can kind of choose for the most part everything's gonna be virtual. I think they're gonna have like a few classes that are in person, but I doubt anyone will really be taking the most professors have already said they want to do virtual, so if the professors aren't there the students can't be there. So um
I mean, yeah, I think the majority of things are going to be virtual, but for the undergrads there um some of them are doing in person stuff, but I think they're trying to limit the amount of people who are on campus so and they're really being cautious about that. Um But for me I'm going to do everything virtually and I can do my research virtually too, so luckily I can do that and it's like it's not a huge issue um um Yeah, I have no plans of doing anything in person. Um Yeah, so I'm in south Carolina now, but I'm not, I don't like obviously I live in Chicago most of the time, but I'm here with my partner because of like the quarantine stuff, I didn't just want to be like a little in Chicago, so this is where he's going to school. Um So I just came to be here for the quarantine, but I'll be going back in a couple of months. But yeah, but I'm originally from California.
Yeah, exactly, that's so that that is like a good thing, but the thing is it's like here my partner lives with roommates. Um So I just don't want to be here for like months and months and months just taking their space. So um you know, I might end up depends on how I feel because I'll be living alone when I go. So it depends if I start feeling like I just cannot be quarantining alone, I might like come back. Um But for now I'm just going to like
and that's the issue is that his university is saying that like they're going to do more in person stuff so like research and classes so he's kinda has to be here. So that's the issue. Um So it's either I come here or. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't I don't understand why they're doing that. Like I said like most universities are kind of like pretty, they're doing a lot of virtual stuff but they want them to be in person. And I don't know if it's like a regional thing like in the south like for example like around here a lot of people don't believe in mass and stuff like that. So I think it's like a thing, it's like turned into a political thing and like this weird thing. So um Yeah, I don't think it's very smart to have in person classes or research right now unless it's like essential research, but his we're still just not essential. He does, he's a he's in an astronomy and physics program, so it's not like he needs to be in his office, so
I don't know.
Yeah, we want to undergrad together.
Um So we met in undergrad. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, well I did just um graduate in 2019, so I went straight into my program, so yeah, but at least we have been together for a while now. Um
yeah, it is good. Yeah, I mean we get our masters halfway through, so like you will get a masters in my program, but you don't have to come in with one. Yeah. Yeah,
I know it's different.
Yeah. Did you do your your degree in the States or did you do it somewhere else? You did? Oh what you told me you told me you did it that somewhere in texas?
cool.
okay. Well that's interesting yeah it's interesting to see how different countries do their education. Um Yeah so that's interesting.
Wait that's how it was in Russia or that's how, yeah.
Go.
that's different. Yeah. That's crazy. Huh? Yeah.
I think living alone, well okay so I've never actually lived alone but I like this um where I live now where I was living in Chicago like I still have that place but it's with a roommate and I had a really bad experience with that roommate which is kind of why I came here but also because of quarantine. It was right when quarantine was like starting it was like in March when we had like this really bad falling out. Um And so I was like you know what like it was just when things were starting so I was like I'll just come to south Carolina and it worked out because I can't I couldn't even be in the same apartment with her, so I'm just like really turned off from like living with people. So I'm it'll be technically my first time living like alone because I lived in dorms and stuff previously to this. Um But I'm excited like I'll have my own, it's a studio, not
like in a one bedroom but um yeah it'll be my first time of being on but I think I'll I will enjoy it because I don't really enjoy living with random people. Like college was not, I hated the whole a roommate thing. Um I just like my own space and to be able to like do things the way I like them and like I don't know. Yeah.
for a studio, yeah studio. So it's like yeah everything's kind of like your living room and your your whole living spaces one and they have a kitchen in the bathroom. Um And some are more like compact than others, like I didn't want to studio where like there's some studios where like your bed is like right next to your fridge or something and I'm like I don't want that so I make sure to get one where it's like a little bit more separated. So like yeah I just didn't want like with my bed right in my kitchen like that just felt weird. Um
So
what do you say?
No she's still there. Um So we have a two bedroom in Chicago. Um And yeah so she's still there and I just like came here but I like getting out of my least would have been like crazy. So I just and trying to find, trying to find someone to take my spot what it was too much like people we're looking for places because everyone was leaving Chicago. Um So I did up just keeping my place there so all my stuff is still there but I'll move out in september completely.
Yeah.
You didn't?
Yeah, I think that's how I'll be too, I think it'll be good except for like I have been here for a while with my partner so it will be kind of weird to like be alone without him, but I think oh the kind of book, I don't know, we'll see, that's what I think now. But
It's hard. yeah, for sure. Yeah.
Yeah, that's true. How old? Oh, sorry, yeah. How old are your kids,
well?
that's, I know that's probably a handful, but those
are
like those ages.
I bet.
air.
Yeah, I bet, I can't even imagine, I mean um like when I was younger, I have a younger sibling um and I would take care of them a lot because
my mom had to work um So I did have a quite an experience like helping to raise my sibling, but like it's still different I guess, just having your own kid for sure, I bet. Um Yeah, I know how much of a handful and I've worked in so many, like, like I'm in my child development program, so I like I like working with kids um so I've like worked in a lot of different, you know places with kids but I know it's different having them full time. Good
good.
You know this quarantine must be like so difficult just for like because it's hard for me but I like having kids is like whole added level of stress with all this going on.
That
sounds
crazy.
That's crazy man. Yeah. I can't even imagine like PC program is so much can man. Yeah there's some people in my department who have kids too and like like just I know it's difficult for them um especially now with the corn especially when you have to like teach your kids like if they have like elementary age kids like they are also teaching while trying to do their peace program just like wow. And I mean like teaching their kids, but also their teaching classes and like, man, just a lot.
Yeah. That is yeah. Is your husband also from Russia or from some?
okay. Cool. Is he from texas or is he from someone,
That's cool. Just to have someone who like knows the area, right? Or do you guys live in where he grew up or?
mm hmm.
But
Yeah. Because otherwise yeah, it's hard man. Yeah.
This time has been tough. Yeah. I don't really go anywhere either. Like it's it's tough though because for me it's like really bring my motivation down because it's just like no change of scenery. It's just like you're always doing the same thing every day. It's like, I don't know, just not be able to get out. It's hard.
Yeah I know like you have no idea how long this is going to keep going. Yeah. Really?
Yeah we don't know when though man Yeah, I don't know. I don't know.
Yeah. Yeah, I know, I was thinking that because I do, I really like cats and dogs like I love them both but you know obviously cats are like less work than dogs so I'm like maybe I'll do I have to actually check if the new place that I'm living at allows pets um so that obviously would be kind of a determining factor but I feel that that would be cool like even to like foster a cat or dog would be nice just have someone or something. There was no, I am
Who?
So
well.
are you
still have her? Yeah wow.
Test do.
That's gonna be, I'm gonna worked out. That's
like
a good ending
to the story
that's
Yeah. That's so cool. That's a nice story to have now. You're just like your cat. That's nice.
Yeah.
That's funny. Well let's see how long, what does your clock say
of like how much time?
I think it's like on the page that you clicked on to get to like this tab with
the video at the bottom.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah because mine says 35 minutes but it's because I got on here earlier. I don't remember how much earlier I got on here because
it sets
like the timer but like right when you get on the page.
Oh yeah. That's not right. That's weird. Huh?
Well
it
It
was nice.
you.
Yeah. I'm
hopeful.
Different.
you.
I hope
you have a good rest of your days. It's not too crazy with the two kids.
Yeah. You too. You too. Bye.