Okay. You go walk. Yeah. You have to do this. Yeah. All right. Hi,
I'm doing good. How are you?
Mhm. What's your name?
I'm older. Nice to meet you. Where are you?
I'm in the United States to, but I'm going to mhm. Yeah.
Yeah.
Is this your first time during this kind of stuff?
Monster.
Yeah. Yeah. Today is my 3rd 1 too.
I think I did I didn't realize it was like a way to sign up for more. So I did it one time and I didn't sign up but then they didn't maybe I think they lunch like it's second round. Well like was the you know little survey screening and stuff and then I did that and I sold this oh if you want to participate again, there is a thing like Oh okay, sure. Mhm. Yeah.
Um Well I'm a full time mom. That's once and
I it's yeah kids, but it is really um and I just started a little tiny part time job, like a slightly above minimum wage type thing, but at least it's from home and it
you know, be homeless kids and do that. And it's uh it's just a it's a market research firm and I think they have just more uh um projects now that the elections coming up, so like they need people to do surveys on the phone was, you know, about politics mostly just so that's what I do. I call people.
Well, people hate me and they hang up on me, they always think that I'm going to sell them something, or even if they listen to what I have to say that we're saying we're not selling anything, we're just asking like, no, I don't want your questions.
You know, if I get out of 500 cold, if I get like three people to talk to me, that's good, let's go. Yeah it kind of sucks but I'm like, you know better than nothing. So I'll do it.
Yeah. I until this job I didn't realize that there was such a thing as they call it, what I call it like a smart voicemail, smart voicemail or something like that. Where do you probably know if you've done something like this? Like
it's really weird because like the other day I freaked out. I thought it was real like I'm making a coal and I think this thing reacts to when you actually talking. So like I said anything while you're saying something. So like then
they
talk and you think it's, you know, a real person talking to and they were like how did you get my number? And you know, just typical question.
And
it's
like
yeah. And then they start
like they start freaking out on the phone. I mean literally and like you're not supposed to know this number. Like how did you get it? Like you have to tell me right now. And I'm like yeah I do have a line for this. Like real working for such and such. Like you gotta talk to my manager and like you I'm calling the manager, married manager coming and they started like yelling at each other and like what's going on the houses that uh and they, you know where you called? This is an FBI and this is a private line in most civilian is supposed to know this. We're tracking where you are right now and we're going to have to bring you for questioning. Like this is really weird. You're not supposed to like I'm like, oh crap like messaging
my man in rooms like what's going on? He's just so like I'll just give them my number. But they're like, no man, work, we don't care about this number, whatever. Like who are you waiting for? And I'm like hell. And you know, my kids are here and everything. I know I'm not doing anything wrong, but they're actually started like, like arguing with each other and like you cannot tell someone. So like this line should not be like, well it's not real.
Yeah. My manager told me, he was like, yeah we don't talk about it in trading because
it really happen because apparently it rarely happens. But no,
this
is not real. This is one of those like they call it smart voice. Most they're like designed to screen out people like us. I
bet.
No, like I was a total breakdown.
I used to work for, it was years ago to work for Employment Security Commission. And we also have to go but we have to go businesses because they have to report their like employment wages like stuff like that quarterly and they don't always do that. So like I would call them and that stuff didn't exist or at least that guy never ran across anything like this before. Maybe.
Probably.
Mm What do you do?
I got a PhD from Ut Arlington in social work. I want to have people like I don't know if they
I wonder if it's running yesterday. I talked to a guy, I don't know what his education was but he was also a dad and you know kids And stuff, you know? And the first time it was really young, I don't know how old you are, but you seem young and he was he was like only twenties and I'm like 36 almost and it felt like we almost have nothing in common. Like no kids. No except one thing. We're both both immigrants.
I'm from Russia. Mhm.
So really
you
so far are you gonna going online and fall or what are you doing
where?
So you're going to be there because I mean if you can do it virtually, you can just be anywhere really?
What can he be with you instead?
That's how does that like how do you feel about him doing stuff in person?
Well,
I need a few in different states because
always
she goes together for a while now.
If you program like you don't do masters first, you just go straight for PhD. Oh, that's fun. That's nice. That's
Yeah,
New masters and then get social work is a little different master practice mostly and usually people just finish and they go into like getting their licenses practicing PhD is different.
I've been to the stage for 12 years now. Yeah,
I did study in Russia also like that I guess I did my bachelors there, but it's five years, they have a terminal degree, they called a specialist, but it's a five year thing. But switching their sort of switching to this uh more of an american uh style when they do bachelors and masters also, but when I was Doing it it was like he would do five years. Yeah. That's it.
yeah and would like to me when I moved here and like I went into this w I was blown away that there is a core courses but then there's also elections and you get to pig like in five years like this of course is you take this semester you just there's no choice is this is what you're taking. That's it.
No, I said, yeah. Like you don't get to choose, you don't get to choose
so many like your kids just like here for example, I have a lot going on or you know, I'm just only gonna take one class. No such thing like you're taking five this semester and this is it. You know, if you can take them all, I mean take a break maybe like entirely or or or about, you know. Yeah.
So do you do you um would you like better like enjoying living by yourself or you know having more people around there? Yeah.
What?
I feel like, so you shared basically the same space you didn't have like a personal room? Which
Mhm.
She moved out while you were done.
So she moved out while you were gone.
I see, I see. So you loose will be up and you already have a different place. Yeah. Yeah.
I really enjoy living by myself whenever
I did. Yeah. It was really strange. The first couple of weeks I was freaking out like, oh my God, I need somebody like please. But after two weeks, wait a second. That's actually really great way. Yeah.
I don't I don't miss long distance. I have done it. So it was hard.
Yeah. As long as it's, you know, you guys are on the same page so I'm going to be okay.
Um one is gonna turn four in 10 days and another
10 months old. Yeah,
it's
the
I like them too. But I think it's always more fun when someone else has. I mean you just get one of those. You know, you don't
you don't really get the whole picture until you can have your own. Yeah,
I mean no, they're the fundamental but so tiring.
What?
was quarantined
now that they're not you know, for six months. I haven't had a minute, I said it to this, you know other person I talked to yesterday like I haven't had a single minute just to be alone and I'm an introvert that is so far. Like I really just need like everybody you get or Mhm. I need some time alone. So you know, I envy you in some way you'll be going there. I mean I know it's different but I wish I could just go like a couple of weeks and be by myself somewhere. Yeah
well I was pregnant and then my daughter was born while I was in the PhD. And so I was my last year I was finishing up and she was a baby a newborn. So I had to put her in daycare part time like really early so I could do at least something. So that was hard because I think every mom, every mom feels like a humongous amount of guilt when they put the kid in daycare especially in there. But I also have to teach too because um I'm an international was an international student so to keep the tuition in state, so it's more you know, not outrageously crazy, I had to teach so that will bring it down to a smaller amount. So like I have a baby I have to teach to. I think I was teaching two classes and finish up monetization and my husband has a full time job and we have no family or any kind of help. Like I honestly looking back I have no idea how I did it but I knew that
like
I cannot
afford another year of this like it's just really expensive so I gotta finish somehow. Okay. Mhm.
Well we had we had some people that have kids like one girl came in having it 2.5 year old. She started out was a little and like had another one in a program but she had oh both of their families around like husband and she did and they had a daycare and so you know they had a lot of support. You don't have that. That's like that's pretty insane.
No I met him, I met him in texas when I moved from actually I started my PhD in uh Louisiana, L. S. U. But then I so when I transferred over to texas since I met people yeah.
Yeah. Born and raised. Yes
we did we used to until a year ago when he got a different job in san Antonio, so we used to live in dollars for work area, but then when we moved over to san Antonio because his job and you know I was away for for a while I was in Russia was my kids. My second actually was born in Russia. It's great. Yeah
and we came back in March when all this crap started and so he like while we were gone he was basically just going to work coming back home so he
knows some things but not too much and then you know now that we're staying home but we don't really know anybody and and we just moved to different places because we were in an apartment and being stepped those two kids, there's like no yard or anything for them to even go play anywhere. We're very hard. But we need a house so they can at least play in the yard because it's just crazy.
Mhm.
Yeah. I just hope that this is not forever. Like this is the only thing that like I get stuck in my thinking um if like what if this is how it's going to be and then I'm like then I don't know.
Mhm. But I hope, I mean there's promises about the vaccine.
Are you are you um now that you're gonna be living by yourself? Have you thought about getting like a pet?
My my last roommate before I got made of knowing that she had a little tiny dog. Uh It was fun. Like I I enjoyed it and that apartment complex allowed pets and
I just I was like eventually I want a cat, I'm a cat. I mean I like dogs too, but I like catholic. I ended up getting a kid and that kid and ended up being super sick. It's one
of those
things we like to get somebody from craigslist and you don't know what you're getting so that those stories and well she was nice about it though, that thing almost died on me and had all kinds of problems. Yeah, it was he's still here so I still
have.
Yeah.
he had so many things going on with him that the bed was like you really should probably put him down because he's fighting and his way too little to fight all those things and I just couldn't do it. And I was like, okay, I can always bring him back to fight. You know, if I see that he's really suffering and I don't know that was maybe a breaking point because I I took him to the emergency that one night he collapsed just was dead looking dead, feeling cold. But I I felt the heartbeat and I just grabbed him, was like two in the morning and took him to the emergency. And that's when they told me like, you know, he needs like all kinds of aggressive therapy and it's a lot of money and no guarantees. So when I just said crying and crying and then the nurse came in and said, well, good news. He woke up and he ate a little and I was like, okay, I'm taking him home and then it's something I'm just saying I'm going to bring him back and from that day like he started slowly but surely getting better and he's fine. Yeah. He's an adult cat still here with us like.
I
know
it
was so principle. Like I was a student and I didn't have this steel like I ended up paying overall probably $1,500 for his treatment. I didn't have but my friends all pitched in like I did the go fund me thing and like, like please help because I don't know how I'm gonna pay this. They
all, yeah, people are just like little by little. I paid it all. Yeah.
Yeah. Like my kids are harassing him so. Yeah.
Yeah.
But
I don't know where the clock is.
What?
Well it says 2-5. It's like it's counting. I'm not sure it's confusing.
Do
you think that
Mine is doing something funny? It looks like it's only 2:45 which isn't right.
Yeah I'm sure it's been probably like what? It's like 11:30 was started on 11 so it should be about yeah. Okay. No
you wouldn't. I want
to finish, it
was
chatting with you. Yeah good luck with all your studies and you know the they feel too sad. Uh The buck
was Youtube guys. I hope it works out. I know this is hard but I know it can work out, I know people for them to work out.
They
ended up getting
married and have kids know that kind of good stuff. So yeah
it's kind
of
thank you. Yes thank you so much. It was lovely thank you.
don't forget. There is sorry I'm sure you are