Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Mhm Howdy.
can you hear me?
That was me yesterday. I did one of these interviews and I couldn't get audio for like
five solid minutes. I was like what is happening? It's so frustrating.
I am super glad my kids don't use it for school and I'm super happy about that. Like I've seen so many people real stressed out about doom and all that stuff.
From
what do you do?
No
that
well
wow, that sounds horrible
and
I mean at least
you
have job security now though like.
Yeah.
What
theoretically, where are you from?
Right on my, one of my best friends on the salon in Iowa and what the hell is it called? Urban something she does amazing hair products. Like she moved from, I'm from new york and she moved from here to Iowa, I was like of all places why Iowa. No idea.
I mean to be fair though like the new york that we live in was super rural,
like it's not
new york city,
it's definitely like upstate, you know,
New york unfortunately is not all awesome. Like most of it is far and the occasional mountain, you know
everyone.
Oh it's not the worst or at least it's peaceful.
It's weird how you like find that no matter where you go like you'll find a spot like okay, this is gonna be my restaurant, this is going to be like the thing that I do all the time. Like this place has palatable coffee. Like you find what you need. I feel like wherever you go,
currently that is my house and I would love to not leave it anytime in the near future.
I've trained my whole life for this. Like I have bookshelves, I have video games, like I am okay, you know?
it's
beautiful.
I'm not really mad about it. And I kind of feel bad because you have all those extroverts friends who are like, this is my nightmare,
Like I can get whatever food
I
want to
deliver to my house now. Like, this is amazing. I've been waiting for this, you know?
That one,
if you take me to to different spots to pick up food, like we're golden. That is my ideal date. Pick me up the job, like the java shake from Arby's and like anything else. We're good. Okay. It's not too bad. My husband's the same way. We don't really like party. You know what I mean? Like we'll go out here and there and like if our friends are going out to the bar will hang out for a little while, but it's not my thing. I would much rather be home.
hey.
Right. What do you guys play for? Board games? No, I'm in because I have quite the collection. Like
I'm committed now.
Oh, I love that
you guys played munchkin at all.
No,
there's that every college, I swear to God, like every single college party I've ever been to. There's always that group of kids. That's like I have every edition of munchkin ever made and I know all the rules. My heart. Let's go.
but
no, but I'm interested.
That's
crazy.
I feel like that definitely feels a lot to me like the video games I play, so I would probably love that under hurry. You
know
what are the odds you play? Elder scrolls online?
it's super fun. And it's a time killer too. Like you can just get lost and wandering these worlds and like picking flowers, which I do sometimes I'm like really need to like decompress, let's go wander the fields in some fantasy world. You know what I mean? Like?
Plus it's so hard to fuck good to player board games. Like we've been struggling so hard to find something that For two people but still fun and like challenging.
come on.
Looks
like we cover those books. Right? I've definitely seen that at Target. We tried to
play,
We tried to play the Oregon trail with two people recently and it literally played for 10 minutes. Died like 17 times. I was like this is not even like this game is not awesome at all. I thought it would be better than computer but it's not.
There's
it's not even worth it. Like we um I bought Labyrinth and I really loved that. Labyrinth is a super game. I
don't know if you've ever seen it, it's like so you have the board and it's all
a bunch of moving squares and you have one square that you have to use to push the other squares out of the way and basically like undo to get to certain cards. It's actually really awesome. It's a good strategy game,
It's
pretty
basic
but it's
time.
It's It's like $40 on Amazon now I bought it for like 20 and I don't know why it's so expensive. Now I just recently looked at it to buy for someone else, I was like yeah okay.
it's like that I've been wanting to try ticket to ride because they look awful, they
look
like
they're,
there's so many options. Do they have like a bunch of different like add ons for it too, I think.
Why don't you just put me in here?
I was like at this point like you're already there. Yeah.
No.
that's
literally the best part.
Oh, I love that. That would be great
actually.
That
How crazy is it that in 2020
we can find other
adults that play d. and D like this easily. I love that.
And we're also all playing D and D. Like, are you kidding?
people are crazy man. Like I've just been 31 and I feel like I have younger
friends and I just don't want to live that life. It's so hard. Like it's emotionally exhausting. My friends stuff will literally called me and just tell me about her
life and I'm like I'm tired. Like what are you doing? I'm tired for you. Like living vicariously through you is exhausting. Like
what was
yourself
I've committed
today.
I
love that here
for
it.
I wish more people would like that. My neighborhood sucked for Halloween. Like nobody put up lights like it was so lame. I feel like I remember when I was a kid, it was such a huge deal. You'd have people like wandering the neighborhood with baked
knives, like scaring the shit out of kids and now it's just so boring
world commitment
followed up by the two most stressful holidays of the year though. That's the, you start on such a high note and it just like declines.
I went into Michael's and they had christmas shit like at the beginning of october and I was like,
I'm quitting. This is dumb.
I don't want this
seriously. And I like, I'm in upstate new york. Fall is real here. Like we have actual seasons all year round where like I can actually enjoy fall, Let me have it. I don't need to know it's gonna suck when it happens and really be shitty. It gets to like negative 30 where I live like no exaggeration, negative 30
nothing
more.
I don't want 80 is not for me.
If we could do follow you around, I have googled this literally and northern California is your best bet.
Their temperature is like 57.
That's what I'm saying. Like I could live,
so what does he do?
my
winter
double my driveway guy. Like yeah dude,
you don't like winter until you're like, I don't
know, I can't imagine a human being that actually enjoys winter because I've lived with it my whole life. Like I'm originally from Buffalo which obviously worst rap for winter mood farther upstate and it's colder and crappy er with less to do. I'm like, this
is not ideal at all.
No,
you go outside.
I just need the lack of like enjoyable activities.
I don't want to go out. I don't snowmobile. Like I've never even been on a snowmobile Any length of time outside. Sopes like a bad plan for me if it's below like 45.
I know.
I
love them.
I kind of love that though. Like that would be ideal though because after christmas happens, I'm like, okay, we can be done now. Like I have that
Dude shoveling out six ft of snow from my driveway
is in no way fun literally ever. And I hate it. So two weeks it's fine for me.
Our
community
literally put out like giant, like those steel barrels full of like sand salt mix just on the corner for people to like grab because it's just so important and they really encourage you like salting the sidewalks and shit. So they're like on every corner in like the village I live in so people theoretically will salt, but
it's a super
small towns, like a ton of kids walk to school so there, that's why they like crazy about it.
Of course.
That
was no
state
paid off last year paid off last year. Dude,
it feels
so
good.
It feels so good to be finally done,
jesus.
I don't
hate
that.
I kind of love that though. Mine got paid
off because they took my entire tax return. So yeah,
I mean like it hurt at the time, but now
that it's gone
right the day that had happened, I was like, what do you mean? I don't get a tax return this year Like this physically hurts me but like wait okay so
now I don't have somebody calling me all the time being like I need all of the money that you possibly make the end. I ended up going to school for philosophy and then becoming a chef. So all of that money I spent intuition was literally garbage
probably
again more stable
that
war
or make it definitely take it. My husband's boss, he works for a dentist, ended up paying for his schooling to like finish dentistry
school. It was awesome. I for that I am here for employers actually doing a thing right?
If
you're
not going
to pay me.
yeah did we
make it
donald?
Dude, I've had way more painful conversations with people like
that.
Dude I had like this 50 year old Asian guy who barely spoke English from Florida and I was like, I'm dying. I
what can we talk about? Dude? Like I got nothing please. You are kind of And he was just in
this like weirdly militant room. I'm like this is so creepy. I hate every second of this. I'm just going to talk as much as I can and get that money like
staring at the
clock.
Right? All right, what was nice talking to you
later?