I just. How's it going? Can you hear me?
Yes I can just wanted having trouble during work earlier. I'm like oh God don't break.
yikes
and I don't get it because microphones and webcams they'll work one minute and then literally the next minute they just stop there's no rhyme or reason you're like okay what is different about this? Six last 60 seconds?
yeah we we have teams for my work and luckily we don't need to video conference very often but we do call through teams a lot especially cause I'm training a new person and it's always a little bit of a roll of the dice. Like is it gonna work? Probably.
But
I
work in customer service in a billion department for an insurance company. So I basically
spend all day telling people yes you have to pay your bill. No it's not optional. No I can't
change the amount etcetera etcetera.
I mean it's better than
what I Jill so everything is better than that. But yeah I would really enjoy getting out of customer service at some point in the next, I don't know decade would be an improvement. What
about
you?
That's true. I do have lots of job security and I can't discount that. I've been employed the entire time despite the pandemic. Um And I get to work from home full time currently so that's awesome. I
don't ever
want to go back to the office. Although it it'll happen eventually. I'm sure
I'm originally from Illinois right now. Live in Iowa.
I Iowa for college and I just ended up really liking it. So I went home for a little bit to Illinois but then I was like everything is so much cheaper to move back. But yeah I can't imagine living somewhere like new york and going to the middle like smack dab in the middle of the country
and
look at
me
fair enough.
yeah, fair enough.
I was all farm aside from, I think there's three cities, four I guess. But for the most part we're all farm,
it can be. Yeah. And I mean I live in a fairly populous city, so it's not so bad. I the driving is so you have to drive everywhere basically. Like if I want to go see my family have to drive, it's so boy. But other than so bad and it is kind of central, at least of the things I need, so I can kind of get wherever I need to go, which is nice.
definitely. I think that's true. You, I think it's like the human nature to nest or whatever. You just, you're like, okay, I like this feeling from this place. This is my spot.
I'm with you there. I mean like I know that a lot of people are taking the most mostly isolation tough, but not me. I'm like, oh my God, I don't have to leave and people aren't going to be like, man, you have a problem. Yes, this is my dream.
Right. I'm missing way. I'm like, okay, I have the internet. We had a bad storm not too long ago and then I didn't and then it was kind of painful. But now I have the internet. I have my books have been movies and video games. I don't have to interact with humans unless I want to like
from
it's perfect.
Like it's so hard. It's so trouble. And I'm like, oh yeah, that really sucks. I'm sorry. You feel that way. Yeah.
I
feel
like
right now I'm definitely with you there. I didn't, I wasn't particularly outside before that, but I mean we went out, you know? But mostly my boyfriend went out, we would just go drive around or we would go out to eat or something. Like I am perfectly happy driving around and picking up the food and bring it all instead
and not having to deal with too many other people.
say I'm the same and my boyfriend, he's fairly extroverted, but he doesn't like big intense things. He'd much rather do, like a few people playing board games at the house or so he was upset for a few things we missed, we missed our friend's birthday because it literally got canceled and we missed her wedding got rescheduled. But like other than that, he's like whatever, he
misses having board game days, but like theoretically if we masked up and stuff, it wouldn't be the end of the world.
We
uh yeah, we have an entire like plastic garage shelf, like the dangerous to organize a graduate of an entire one filled with board games and we've got a little bit of everything. We have stuff you've never even played before because I got him a board game subscription for his birthday slash christmas one year.
But we got like 4-5 new games a month on just different themes. Like sometimes we're small card games, some of our big board games and so we haven't even played half of them. We actually, we should really go through them and decide what we actually want and what we don't because like it's been over two years, we haven't even touched some of them. They're completely brand new.
Uh Yeah, we have a couple of those actually, I used to play those a lot when I was in college I had some friends who had like four versions and every time
party we'd break out those uh
I'm not quite that dedicated but no we definitely have munchkin. Uh Got
my favorite is probably a board game called Arabian Nights, have you ever heard of that?
Okay, so you have to like games that require a little bit of setup but basically then choose your own adventure story set in like the story of the Arabian Nights, kind of you pick from like one of six characters and you have a specific question trying to accomplish. But then each new place you go, you get kind of like side quests that you can and you you basically you have to choose your action so they give you a table uh and you choose your action from that table and then someone else reads the result of what happens to you. So it's really just, it's really random and I've played it probably 14 or 15 times and I've never had the same story twice. Like I don't even think I've seen someone have my story before. Like it's just
it's
very a lot of fun. It does require a bit of setup though and you have to have at least like four people because you pass the books around so that you can't get a hint of what your result would be. But I like choose your own adventure games a lot. And that one's a lot of fun.
I
like choose your adventure video against too. So yeah, it's kind of right up my alley.
I don't play online, I have played before, but I've never played online. I don't so my boyfriend is much more into video games than I am. He dominates the station more so than I do. But I will I I do like owner scrolls though. He bought that one just for fun and I played it and not him. So.
Yeah, absolutely not.
Uh So it Target has a target has to choose your own adventure board game that sci fi themed. They borrow a lot from Star Trek and Star Wars like very thinly too. The main characters is a princess or a queen on her home planet and one of the story options, her home planet gets destroyed while she's watching. So
like one time you can land your you can land your ship on what you think is a lake or a patch of like mossy land and spoil and it's a big monster so they borrow heavily. But it that one you can do with two people and it's because you just play multiple characters are four characters. If you don't have four people you just each take two. And so that's a lot of fun. It's remember what it's called. I think it's literally called choose your own, choose your adventure and then it has a
step.
that
was good. Do we also have like a haunted house version? But we didn't like that one as much?
Yeah we we bought the Oregon trail game too. But yeah with only two people it's just very it's too challenging like you have to be you also want to have a chance to win with two people. There's just I think it's going to be like what one in a million to win with only two
like
that's
And remember?
that
sounds
good,
I
like that
one out. Mhm
My guess is that people liked it. They Right.
they
deal
with
girl.
Yeah I like games that do the expansions is I like I like building up the world even bigger. Yeah
we do we do you play
we do you play D. And D. Ooh that's a good game. Have you ever heard of Expedition?
Okay so order from amazon, I'm not even kidding do it, it is DND but in card form and they have this entire database online of these stories that people just write and submit of storylines you can follow. So basically you the cards come and they have all these different characters you can choose. Uh and then you also choose traits and so like there's a plus trait in the minus trait. So that kind of it affects how you do things. But then yeah you like you just go on these virtual stories that are on their free app and you make your decisions just like in DND except you don't have to go through all the creating a character and buying all the items and stuff. So they get
much
if that part is fun. But this is it's a lot of fun even if you like traditional DND because it's a little bit more fast paced and you can just kind of get right into it and there's and I like the part where people can kind of just write their own stories and put it in and you just follow along with the app then you can play it on your own completely. It can be a one person game where you can play it with like eight people.
We
Yeah, we have a board game days with friends and we brought it to one pre pandemic obviously just so they can try it out because the this other couple were playing with their also into Dnd and no joke. We played one round and then we played in the whole rest of day for 14 straight hours because we're having so much. And um some of the creators, they do like multiple part stories, which is a lot of fun and
you do items and stuff too, but you get it a little bit more organically, like, you know, as it comes through with the uh with the stories, but no expeditions, a lot of fun. And they have an expansion now they added tech stuff uh so that you can like, you can combine magic and tech now, which is a lot of fun. They also added skills. You can you get the opportunity when you level up to either uh like swap out um abilities that your character has or you can get these things called skills I think is what they're called, like gives you a bonus to certain checks because you still have to do roll checks and stuff like that, like you have different cards which like I usually pay an archer and you have different cards that allow you to do things like take a shot for five damage and stuff like that, you have to roll on, you know and pass all of these things and so the skills can help you pass your role checks and stuff.
Well
three.
me too. We've been trying to find, we were prepared and trying to find a good group here. We've got a friend who we play with but we keep we keep running into drama filled DND groups and I'm kind of like, dude, we're in our thirties. Can we?
hmm. Can we, can we skip this part? Because like I was able to put up with a certain amount of it in college when I first started, but I'm like, I'm too old for this. Can't we just play the game and move on with our lives and just play the game,
I
no,
what? No, I'm definitely with you. I have have some older friends and I have some younger friends but you have the younger friends, they talk about their lives and I'm like, you do all of that. You go through all of that. I'm like why you're
stop.
But I keep telling people, I like getting older. I'm just, I just turned 32 of everyone's like, you're gonna hate being 30 you're going to go through it really bad. I'm like, are you kidding me, thirties awesome. And they're like, well it'll probably hit you at 31 once you realize you're officially out of your twenties, I'm like, Dude, I am a 90 year old woman, I am aging into my personality, this is fine. Like
and
I am one year closer to being able to yell at kids to get away from my house and dress up like a witch for Halloween and make people think my house is haunted you around. Like
I'm
how
much
coffee to my goal? Mm
I just
it is. And I'm like, what is wrong? Where is the joy you people like, I know we're all getting older, but it isn't part of getting older finding joy in something like, Halloween is the best. It's my it is the only holiday, it's the best holiday because you get candy, you can dress up however you want and it's totally acceptable and it doesn't have the same family pressure that like christmas or thanksgiving.
Like Exactly, like you can do it if you want to stay home and do nothing to watch horror movies, you can you want to stay home and do nothing but watch other movies. You can, if you want to go out dressed up as something crazy, you can like it's the happiest holiday.
it's true that that is the danger of Halloween, is that like, if you really get into it like I do then Yeah, it's immediately followed by everyone shoving thanksgiving and christmas down your throat and your like, stop, I just want to ride the Halloween high for just eight or nine more months. That's it. Like
word.
It's
so dumb. I can't stand it. I'm like, okay guys, fine, november 1st break, break out the christmas stuff, whatever, but like come on, you gotta gotta hold off until after Halloween. Let us enjoy october
Yeah, I'm jealous. You guys get actual seasons because for us fall typically last like two weeks and that's it. And then, and it shouldn't be, but it just seems like it gets worse. It like fog gets shorter every single year drives me a little bit bonkers spring to this year. Like we had like two weeks of nice weather after winter and then it wrapped it up to like 80. I'm like, what
is happening?
No.
I don't want extremely extreme cold. I just want, I want my fallback.
interesting.
Perfect.
What? Right. And I have to try and talk my boyfriend into that. He won't because his parents are in Wisconsin, but that's my ideal situation or I keep trying to convince him we should move to the mediterranean. And he's like, it's not, it's not that hot on the water. Like the water keeps it pretty temperate. Like you would like that weather.
One of their is 30° so he isn't nobody star. Yeah, he likes winter. I'm like, what is wrong with
you?
No.
Sure.
Well.
Very.
I think he runs really warm so and he doesn't like being uncomfortable. So I think that's it. But I'm like, that's no excuse. And
also
you're not as warm as you think you are calm down.
And
yeah, like I used to enjoy sledding as a kid and I think sometimes like, okay, I would maybe enjoy that again. I mean, I just, well, it's like my perfect winter is it stays, You know, above 45 and doesn't
know how and then all of a sudden for late two days it snows a lot that I happen to have off really great point, happen to have off work and then I can go back and then it goes away, it melts
and
real life.
Like I see the benefit of a white christmas, I'll concede people that are like, you know, I could even put up with two weeks of snow around christmas, you know, after it for kids who have christmas break they want, you know, so you can play outside or whatever, but then, you know, let's just melt that down. Bring back a little bit of the warmth extends for an in fall. Yeah,
probably.
Right. Yeah, No, I can't, we're still in apartments and I mean at least there's, although this department's pretty good, they put out salt for us. Last department only did sand. I don't mean to happen so I didn't really understand their thought process there, but that was a pain, but this one is pretty good, but I don't
miss
you.
But
hmm.
Well, yeah, I mean that makes sense like, oh God, I remember when I was in college, we were, my campus was on a giant hill, like
going up the hill downhill, uphill, downhill all the time. They would only stand exclusively sand. I'm like, what is wrong with you? Salt is not that expensive. Like for the amount of tuition or pain, you can at least salt
it
like
I'm going into a lot of debt. Dammit salt fall down a giant hill and break something.
I've
been
writing,
what was that
first? I believe that it does. I will probably at this point I feel like I'll never be done. But so I had to stop part the way through because I ran out of money. So it's just kind of been sitting there waiting for me because I wasn't able to get a better job to pay it off easier. So now I'm back in school hoping
to finish and then I should theoretically have enough money to pay it off in a timely fashion. But
if
that just
I missed my goal is just to die with it because I can't make, I'm not married and I don't have any Children, can't make someone else pay it. There's a little and so Michael is to get a better, get a good accountant job so I can pay it off and if that doesn't fall through, I'm gonna die with it so that someone else has to waive it.
What,
No.
but
you know, you feel amazing, you're like, it's not over my head, it's a miracle.
Oh
Yeah. The money I spent previous to this was worthless because I was a history major, I was going to teach and then Didn't finish and now I've gone two billion in accounting. But accounting has a much less annoying career prospects than teaching so can't
complete.
Yeah, and if I can stay with my current company, they'll keep paying for it right now, they're paying for my degree, they reimburse me as long as I get an A in entirety if I get to
be there
percent. So theoretically I can finish this whole accounting degree if I can stay with them and not essentially not pay for very much of it. So that works for me.
Well,
Well,
and
it's
such
raw, such a huge draw.
I'm
just uh yeah, looks like we we hit 25 exactly. I know
they say we should. Yeah, that would really quick. Probably gives me a lot in common, but it's actually been
absolutely the 1st 1st I talked to asking
questions like he didn't really engage much and I'm like, okay, I'm struggling to find anything we have in common here like, but also we can start something happening and said asking questions luckily I had some ready but I just kept going on my list.
What?
And
All right. Just going to keep this going, keep us going, come
help
finish this and get paid position
nice tonight. Do you do?