pretty good. How are you? How are you doing?
Okay. My name is Ireland which is a super weird name. I live in Oklahoma. I am currently a student. Yeah, I know. I have also never done anything like this. So I don't know. I thought that it said it would
give
us
like what?
Mine, mine is having the same thing. I guess it's just a software they're using.
Yeah. How long have you been using, prolific?
Have you heard of user
texting?
Oh, I'm an english major.
I got you.
I do in Turkey as well.
What?
that is really cool. Actually, I primarily use it for academic surveys kind of like on prolific but they have more available a lot of times. Okay.
They also
have the smart devices.
interpret. Excuse me. In Turkey is actually, I've only been using it probably a month, maybe a month and a half. I haven't been using it as long as the other ones
um basically. Okay so I'm a college student and I was looking for ways to make money with kind of a flexible schedule because I mean yeah you can go get a part time job but that's you know it doesn't work as well with other things so
yeah definitely and I mean you don't have control over when you get scheduled and all that stuff. Uh My spouse has a job but we share one car, so doing two different jobs and scheduling, you know, So I actually discovered it through a Reddit community. I don't know if you're familiar with Reddit. Yeah, I actually found it through a subreddit, that's how I got into it.
Yeah, they definitely have really specific communities on Reddit, which I mean is nice.
Um, like on which side or just in general?
So, um, on user testing, I do just the normal, just a normal website tests which those aren't webcam, they record your screen and they record your voice, you're talking about it. I mostly do academic surveys and studies on in turk. I occasionally do like little micro task patchwork. It really just depends on what the pay is and what's available. But I think my favorite ones are probably some of the academic studies that are like, actually interesting because, you know, a lot of them you're just, you're doing it for the money, you're just going along. But then sometimes I actually come across one where I'm like, oh, this is actually really interesting. Like I want to know about this or actually user testing is the same way I've actually had looked at prototypes for different products and I'm like, I want this product to exist. I want to buy this prototype like right now. So I would say just which everyone's are interesting. Pretty much.
Well, and on some of them, I feel like, especially at the political surveys, like it'll ask me about something and I'm like, I don't know. I've never thought about this. I don't have an opinion. Like you really have to think and ask yourself, you know? How do I feel about this?
It's definitely
interesting. I know you're perfectly fine on the conspiracy theory, like scenarios and stuff. Sometimes it'll be like moral judgments and it'll give you like a completely off the wall scenario. And it's like if someone did this really horrible thing, how morally wrong would you find it? And I'm like, who thought of this? Like who thought of this situation, this scenario. This is insane.
I've
had those.
Yeah. Sometimes, well
sometimes
like you can't even answer them because the questions just so like vague and unclear, you're like, I, I need more than just three options here.
I've seen some really, I've seen some really interesting things on different surveys and stuff. Like one time on little demographic section, it asked like what the area you live in was like, it was like a big city, if it was like a small place or whatever, but the option for the smallest like population literally said village and I had the thought that I lived in a village, even though I don't live in a village, I live in a city, but
apparently,
yeah, sometimes, especially a lot of times, like if I see something, like if I'm reading a lot of things that are like from british people at the time and then like I'll say a word and someone's like what? And I'm like, that's not what I meant, like not the right word, the situation,
Like
northwest of Tulsa, if you know where that is, Northeast of Tulsa, I guess actually,
What?
there's not a lot unique to Oklahoma that you would really need to come here for, so that makes sense.
And yeah,
I guess so, yeah, I have a little bit of, can I have a little bit of family in Kansas, like just over the border? But for the most part, most of my family lives in this area.
Another
what
we're
saying.
Well
This,
I feel like around here it's especially like with older people because I live in kind of a smaller area. I feel like, especially old people, I mean I was literally just getting gas one day and this old man just strikes up a conversation with me, tells me all about his life and I'm like, I just want my gas and to go home. But they're just, they're so friendly and talkative and sometimes you just want to go.
Yeah. Honestly, I really wanted to be like, sir, please, I'm done getting my guess. Let me go.
Bring
their.
Um let's see. What do I do for fun. Well, obviously networks as you already mentioned because that's a given netflix and hulu.
Yeah I do a little bit of gaming.
Nothing like competitive or anything mainly poking on an animal crossing. Um I spend a lot of time with my cat which I keep looking over at him because he's being cute. I don't have a lot of poppies. Honestly I stay pretty busy between schoolwork and turk stuff like that. Just daily errands and all that stuff.
What about you?
He's
actually I adopted him about six months ago. Uh He's actually supposed to be part Somali which I was not at all familiar with until adopting him. But if you've heard of Albany asian cats it's like an all long haired Albany asian. He's hold on I'm gonna see if I can find a picture on my phone and hold it up. He's a very fluffy orange cat.
How
big was he? Do you know
how much you weighed?
here?
And
Just wait for
them.
Some people claim that orange cats are the best cats. I I always thought that was strange but now that I have him I I don't know, orange cats are pretty awesome.
Oh she's so cute.
I know. I mean I'll buy him all kinds of toys and then oh I get a package in the mail, the cardboard boxes. New favorite thing. Okay this is peanut. Yeah,
he's
very
thank you. Yes, he's very he's insanely soft too. When I actually when I first met him I I adopted him through a website called dr pet dot com. And it was through private individual. And so we meet this guy at the pet smart and he gets him out and he hands into me and he was just so soft, like that's the first thing that I need. I was in Philly like I love him. He is the best cat.
Mine will do that to he's actually jammed key on my laptop before by laying
on it. He's fat.
I was kind of worried about that when I started this. I was like what if he like comes up here and start to me out
of my conversation partners like what's going on?
What
one?
Well
you're totally
fine.
Just like stress their hearts or anything.
Kids
don't
realize that.
june
do you know how in the conversation though? Because I can't see anything to end it? I was wondering about that.
I mean
do
we just
call tab or what do we do?
What?
Thanks.
The only
Yeah. That's what just close the tab.
I will
do
that
Like
I
it's funny. Are you
the
logic was a little bit.
How
long did
our
competition
last? Like 35 minutes?
Have you
gotten?
So that yeah, probably not life changing but probably amazing. Or good. Not like changing.
I know.
that's very true.
We should be good. We can probably end it now.
It
was
good to meet
you too.
I
talking
to you.