I, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. This is something that, you know what I mean? Nothing. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Your purpose, Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Have made, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Maybe I heard being milligram doing something about me. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I'm doing specifically because I do a video and data on that computer in there with the chair, she said. Mhm. Oh yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, create. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. People important motions. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. We always, you can take a little, the little what this is laying out. Yeah. Three times a lot of them in here. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mm hmm. What happened? Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. You did it? Yeah. Yeah.
Hello?
There we go. How
are you?
not too bad.
I'm mindy. Okay. Mhm.
I know where are you from?
Okay me too.
I'm actually in SAn Diego area.
No no we just moved down here actually. We were up in Oxford for a while.
Yeah. That's funny houses like I am waiting to be like paired up with somebody I guess it's maybe time zones.
I know I was actually early for this and every time it's never worked it's never gone through.
I
know
I brought my book and my fault like all right, well and if it happens and I'm looking at the clock I'm like okay I'm actually using my daughter's room because my husband's on the computer in our room and then the kids are all running around the rest of the house. I'm like I'm just going to the only other chair to sit in is in my daughter's room.
I just turned 40.
Do
you have any Children?
We'll
see.
I
have,
I have four daughters.
Yeah. Our oldest is 17. Yes.
this is 17 and our youngest is 17 months. Yes
she was she was our big surprise. So
I don't know, I don't know what we're supposed to talk about on these.
they
have a list of questions but every time I've gotten on it there's never been any guided questions that they've given me.
Uh my my family, we loved to go camping and our bike riding And I did roller derby for six years.
like us,
my daughter, one daughter, she would absolutely love that she's huge into anything Online gaming and everything. She's 10.
It
what,
where is it?
We found one. It's well it's
comic.
well we take long drives all the time and we go for three hours prices for that especially with all this going on, what else is there to do?
That's
neat.
That's
neat.
That's really cool. That's a good space for people to be able to go to it so that way you can just socialize and still have fun,
wow. Did you get a lot of young kids in there,
Well that's pretty neat like all that's going on, they don't you can't really do the gaming now there
never heard of it.
I don't do kind of form.
Did you do them and you did them out of there? Well that's neat.
Well see that's bringing business for them. They probably
will.
Well
that's okay.
Did
you,
I think in school or do you do it like outside
of school?
Well that's nice. What kind of
how do you don't even know what genres already where everybody does everything
you know people let's let the professionals figure it out for you saying for them and then they can figure it out on their own.
Are you what you are?
That's
yeah actually uh my a friend of ours she does a lot of clay stuff and she was got to the point where she sold enough and saved up enough that she actually bought herself first kill him and
hasn't She's so excited but she's been doing pottery uh almost 30 years.
Yeah and she made when she goes to like all over and sells it everywhere, she has her own little Ebay store and sells it online now and everything. Mhm.
I'm like yeah I'm not motivated enough for that. A clay we on it, it's gonna go flying everyone.
Well, let's,
well, is it just clothing,
Just
sister story, you know,
I'm
not close to my sister and I'm closer with my brothers,
I'm the baby and I have three brothers and a sister.
Well, so what do you do?
Well, yeah, Okay. What have you done
happens black.
Oh, that's
though.
so
that's good,
that
was
like three.
I got on instagram a few times.
I've never been on twitter and facebook. I used to, because we travel, we move around a lot and my husband are originally from the east coast from Ohio, so, um, it's the easiest way to communicate with family and
I do a lot of my business is through social media and that, other than that I get on it to just scroll through and see what people are doing. I don't really care enough to be in people
know.
And
then
that's all that
young people do. Like my hair, Even my 12 year old, she's just, she's not, she's just, she gets on instagram and watches videos. What slaves me is my kids watch videos of people playing games. I'm like play the game. I was like, are you seriously watching somebody play with a toy that you have? Play with? The toy? I just
don't,
There's
this
one,
There's this one show for little little kids like 2, 3 year old and it's called Ryan's toy review.
I'm like this with this little boy and my friend's son and I'm like, you're sitting here watching this kid review toys instead of playing with your toys.
I
just don't.
With
his parents. Yeah. Yeah, it's insane. And my daughter is constantly, she's like, can I have a Youtube channel? And I was like, no,
it's just, it's just like this person became famous in his richard. I'm like, you really want to sit there and then one day somebody is not going to like your opinion and they're gonna tear you down, everybody's gonna follow him and you're gonna have nothing. I was like, you don't only understand how many famous Youtubers or whatever crashed and burned and now, what do they have to do though if they spent their life in front of a camera and they have no skills for anything else in life?
That's
it. Yeah.
No,
they
don't
any kids and be, you know, doing stuff that kids do instead of worrying about what everybody else is doing, that's the biggest problems nowadays with everybody is, everybody is so worried and concerned with what everybody else is doing the social media.
Like
I'm assuming you're catholic already though.
I went to catholic schools
Why?
You could go by the mother's religion, the kids go by the mother's religion.
Well that's probably why they baptized you.
That too many people are religious these days in our churches, our churches that we've bounced around to remove so much, they're usually pretty full. But I mean compared to, you know the way people work back in the days, they definitely do. Not.
They still worried like the habit and everything too, wow,
that's nice,
That's crazy.
Where, where is it just like one group or are they all over?
Be ready for snow?
Gordon? Reeves grew up in Cleveland, Ohio in my whole life until I was 18, then joined the Navy.
Yeah, but I have not been back since.
Yeah. I never had a heart problem never. And I don't I don't really know anybody that did there. You would run across some of the old school, like the guys that have been in for 20 some years, you know?
So back, you got him back in like 2000, 2000 and one. That's when, you know, so you figure the guys that they just joined in like, you know, the late eighties and stuff like that. So they're
definitely little more old school so that they weren't too excited about working with the younger women especially um or especially when the women would get up in ranks, especially if they would pass them in ranks, you could tell they didn't care for. Um
But I never really had too much of a problem with it being that I was female.
Again I just think it's I don't think it happens more in the military because it's it's in whatever I think of it as The military is one job. So then okay so then there's this factory you know of course you have Hundreds of thousands of people at this company which is only 50 people at this company
is gonna be higher.
you do.
Well if you live if you live on the ship if your ship's company you live you can live on the ship. You don't have to I had my own apartment. I had my own house.
Yeah. Yeah. My husband's in the military. We have our own house.
Especially when you're like out to sea and stuff like that. Because you do you do all live on the ship when you're out for those many months if we're out for 7.5 months.
no,
no.
I'm sure.
Yes. Well they probably just didn't want you to go the most, It was probably the one that was anti military. So there's a lot of, especially now there's a lot of people that are anti military
or
anti
pope.
I just laughed sometimes because my kids, you know, and I try to not watch the news or something because I can't even stand to watch anything weird. Like I watch it, I see the weather and I turn it off like I just don't even want to know. I don't know that's
terrible what's going on in the world, But I feel like I'm just like my happy little bubble.
You know,
I watched it diligently for the first few weeks and then I was just like, I just it was beginning to be too much. And then there was all these riots and everything. And then, you
know, it's
just
well, here's my question. So that person that's up there preaching about how we should defund the police. And how about if somebody goes and breaks into their house, who are they going to call?
And it's right along what started all that with this poor guy getting killed? Okay, But here's the thing. My biggest problem with that was Why does it have to be this black man got killed? Why can it not be this human being this innocent life? Why does everything they say that would? There's so much racism. Stop labeling things. Stop it. Stop with the labels. In every human being. Every life matters everybody. It's
just
First
place.
Closing
all over the place.
There
There's
no there's no there's no banter. There's no it's my way. And if you don't like it, then that's too bad, then it's people are just so closed minded.
Has
been terrible.
Maybe a dig up, sit down and we just don't know ID was like, you know what you suck at the angle, we're gonna try it this way. Uh huh. Uh huh.
Well,
because because Alison is really the only religion that had stayed true to sticking to these are this is our guidelines that were sticking this like all the other religions and I am nondenominational now. Um but everything's gotten so we we want to adapt so that we can accommodate everybody else. Where Catholicism there like you don't like us by
they
stick
to
what the
fight was. They stick to what the pope says and and they they stick with what they have for thousands of years thank you.
I wish
you I don't think you're too young to remember Pope john paul?
He
was
Yeah, he was he was a good one.
He was like
he
was
Yeah, he was a good one, he was the last good one. I got to say this one is trying too hard to accommodate again,
Yeah.
If
absolutely.
one
they try to be sneaky about things all the time
and
well it's and it's crazy because they're such incredibly intelligent people. You're just like it's like they're so intelligent that their common sense is so small.
Then
so are we? Unfortunately.
So
I wish that you know what they have thought that man since the day he went into office. It's like can you just let him do his job and give him a shot
if
he screws
up? He screws up cool and we let somebody else.
But they fought him on everything that every single thing and I'm sorry like her. But oh that Pelosi woman.
No.
Our government has done.
They're just they need to just clean them all out and start over.
Some of them have been in there for way too long.
of course.
Do
you
have to go soon
star?
nice. We'll see this was easier than we thought.
Well, at least it was at the end of the conversation.
Yeah. We would have changed the subject quick. Mhm.
It was very nice talking to you too.
Uh huh.
All right. Bye.