Hello?
Hi. Yeah
I'm
good, how are you?
My name is kimmy,
Uh huh
I'm from California.
Oh southern California, I'm like that's pretty cool. But I guess there's a lot of us. Uh huh
I'm in Lake Elsinore, I'm not very far.
Okay, that's pretty cool.
this is maybe like my third time trying, this is the first time I was pretty late, second time nobody showed up and so I was actually quite surprised.
Well there we go first time. So yeah, I wasn't really expecting one day, I literally got a book right here, I was like I'll read and it's it's gonna
be
great.
Well there you go, I guess there you go. Yeah, how old are you?
I'm 25 okay. I
wasn't
sure it's a little pixelated but like I definitely thought you were more my age,
I
was like daughter, I was like really, wow, like
must
be really young.
Oh my gosh, that's pretty cool.
yeah, wow, I didn't think that was the case. I was like, oh, oh my gosh,
that's cute.
planning
I guess literally anything. Yeah,
that's,
yeah, I mean we could talk about, let's say hobbies, uh I'm sure that would be one.
my gosh, that's pretty cool. I don't have anything like that. I'm definitely more nerdy things. Um like DND so um I actually before all the stuff happened, I ran a game for like kids and like like adults,
it was pretty cool. I have, it's like a little family when you go to like a local store and people come and I'd be like, oh yeah, come join us, you know, and then we got a group going and now everybody is like really tighten it, it's pretty cool. And then um what else do I do? I mean I literally have like paints paint set stuff, I had little miniature figurines that I was starting to paint. Um
Oh my gosh I would recommend you place but it's way too far. It is like the coolest store though there in like an open like outlet mall thing and their stories as long as one of those um like little outlet stores because they printed it and so it's
a really really far like in thing they've got like seven tables, it's very spacious, it's like the best gaming place I've seen because usually
they're cramped
and it's the Lake Elsinore outlets. Yeah if you ever go there it's called like Rogue Night Games or something like that. Yeah
if
you're ever going through that's good thank you mm
Oh my god then go that's what I would say, they let people in there right now like I think to go shopping and stuff if you check out the place you can see if you like it
and
you can go in there, they have games to play and all sorts of stuff like that, they have board games that you can like literally we go there, you get like a drink, you sit down and you can play the board games that they have there that people can demo.
It's
so cool.
Yeah there's a lot of kids like the kid group that I have, the dad brought them I think one ones like 10 and like the other ones like maybe 11 like you were nine and 11, they're pretty young so
um it depends I've mostly interacted with adults, there is way older way younger you know like all across the board there's like all sorts. Yeah
yeah I haven't been able to go back. I haven't heard if we're allowed to go. I heard that they had a tournament there like Warhammer, which is basically like a war game. Um
Yeah, war games are essentially like they have a bunch of rules, you have like little miniatures representing your army and then damage and I don't know, it's it's pretty complicated. I don't do that,
I don't do that. So um but yeah, it's it's pretty cool. I did have there was like Tuesdays or board game nights And like I ran my games on Saturdays at like one or 2. So
Yeah, I just, they're they're really kind of you because I literally bring, I bring in some people like to consistently, you know, sit down, they buy snacks and drinks and
they're
like, they should be nice, just kidding, but they're they're good people. Yeah,
it's
I'm more like, I guess. And yeah, that's what I was saying. Like artsy side, I guess. Not very good. Mind you, um, I did some singing. I did a lot of writing. Um, I wish
I did
more singing.
No,
I did outside of school. Yeah. My friend has his own like, home little studio thing. We're about to pick up with that again. So that's pretty cool.
Um, I guess it's more like, I don't even know. It's like alternative fraud.
I don't know. I'm like, that's why I like, I wish I knew genres. I'm like, if I could figure it out, I tell you. But
honestly,
yeah, I made a little ep and then I never released it. I'm basically that type of person that like, I'll make something. Like I made this for example, like this little thing. Well, I put the ribbon on it, but I made this back in school. Little clay dear. It's like the cutest little thing. I probably
like, look, it even has a little tail. Yeah, I was so proud of this and I stopped doing clay stuff because you have to have like a kiln, you know?
That's not
That's so cool.
That's so cool.
my sister just opened up a boutique. She like, somehow she literally, I think she, she took some loans out boxing clothes and then somehow she literally has a store down the street from us. Now, this happened
in less than a year.
Yeah, it's like clothes and like, that's it like bags, maybe, I think,
you know, little accessories.
I don't know. Me and my sister are closed, unfortunately. I wish we
were.
Yeah, I have one brother. One sister. My brother, younger sisters, older self.
Oh, I'm in the middle. Uh huh. But yeah,
right now. Uh, nothing.
Um, I mean, I didn't really actually do anything like since high school, I haven't had no idea what I've been doing. I tried
writing a novel. My dad, let me write a novel for like a year and then I didn't like it because like I said before, it's basically that kind of thing where you're like, um, what do I do with this now? Like, or this isn't good enough for like, oh, this is just mine and you know, I just made it, it's whatever. I don't want to sell it, you know, I just did it, you know? And then after that, I think I got into music right away after high school. The dumbest way you possibly can, you're like 18, you're on craigslist for the first time. Even basically you're like, if they're like, oh, I need a vocalist, I was like, sure. And then, so then I met them and now best friend now,
like, or
like one of my really good friends, I shouldn't say best friend, he's he's up in the high desert. So I went to his wedding, I was one of the major honor, like that kind of thing. It was pretty cool. Like I've known him for
years.
Yeah. And then I met my best friend currently through him. Like it's crazy. Like I guess that was like mostly the start of everything. Weirdly it all happened on craigslist. I don't recommend it, I'd
never
do it again,
literally. I just, I went in a car because I don't, I didn't drive and I still don't drive. Which long story, but car accident and then um yeah, so that's pretty cool, we're going to pick up music again, so I'm excited about that. I briefly tried to do the whole social media thing. I'm not into social media at all. I don't like um I use facebook to keep in touch with people other than I otherwise couldn't, I don't go on it at all, otherwise I don't use instagram or twitter and honestly so much happier for it. I feel like uh
you know?
is,
so you have to be so involved. I swear people live online now and I'm just like, I
feel
very
disconnected because like, my age they do that, but I don't do that.
hopefully.
my
gosh. Yeah, no, I understand that too. I I like my nephew, he's three and my sister lets him watch this stuff and like sometimes it's just, oh, I'm in a fire truck who let me drive around and it's just like sad, you're almost like, wow,
maybe we
should
do something else.
Oh yeah. Yeah, I know that one.
He's actually
got
on Nickelodeon dude, I'm like that's insane to me, this kid who's literally, they give him toys, they pay for his toys with the videos, he's playing with them and he got a show with his parents, which is crazy
too.
No, I think that will ruin them.
Yeah, it's pretty sad, it's
pretty sad
and then not to mention like kids on like Youtube or that kind of fame really, like they don't need that growing up.
That's
what
I think.
Yeah, I mean I'm basically halfway out the door, I kind of want to be a nun. I'm not
even kidding.
well I do, I do actually have this, I'm like totally hiding it. I just figured I didn't want to like put that in there. Um
Yeah, and I only recently converted because the friend I was talking about converted because he married somebody from Vietnam who was catholic. And then through his friends, I met my best friend now who this is really complicated, It's gonna be hilarious, but um he's in seminary here in this diocese now, but I dated him for a year. Um And then now we're still best friends, he's still in seminary, even though things are weird. Um They kind of kicked all the first year seminarians out though, so that's
uh because Covid I guess. Yeah, I don't know. They were they were scared, they let the other one stay. But I don't know. I know he's still doing his work and stuff from home. But yes, it's it's a weird thing, he's the one. So I when I was dating him slash talking to him or like pre talking him, we did talk about Catholicism and eventually I uh I converted and we're in the process, I was supposed to be confirmed in May. That didn't happen. So I was baptized catholic though, so technically I'm still catholic, I just haven't been confirmed. Um I just had no idea my mom was catholic, she's from Mexico, my dad was protestant not from Mexico. So and I was like I grew up thinking we were just regular run of the mill christians and so I was like I literally had gone to so many like different churches that I had no idea what I was doing and then I was like oh I need my baptism certificate and it was catholic and I'm like wait I was baptized catholic, and they were like, yeah, we never told you, and I was like, no, so I thought that was for 22 years, I learned that when I was 22 that I was baptized Catholic,
nobody in my family is religious, unfortunately.
Yes, they just, they just did that early on because I think everybody was more religious back back in the day, right? And then um when it wasn't culturally the case, people stopped I think. And so the shame, I mean, but the
yeah, it was more cultural back then and then it just stopped being cultural, so people were like, well I guess I don't have to do this anymore, so why why should I do it? You know? And then that's kind of sad of an attitude but and then yeah, so now I'm contemplating um joining like a convent or at the very least I don't and for some reason I'm really put off by money. Uh like obviously I would like to have more things and stuff like any other person but um like I feel like I shouldn't like I don't need more than I have I guess if that makes sense and then I'm like well I have time and the ability I should, I spend my time volunteering, like literally all my time. And so I'm probably going to um I want to look into the poor Claire's. Those are my favorite ones that I've been looking at because they are just like they're still very true to their original roots and stuff, A lot of them are still very like barefoot, you know like they're praying all day, they're like they're taking their their vow of poverty very seriously, so I'm very interested in that.
Yeah, it's pretty cool some of it, I mean
like they're actually wearing the crown of like a crown of thorns specifically with thorns in them for the penance I think. So. They're pretty old school. Yeah.
Yeah, I know. I was like, I really want to check them out, you know, see if that's
they're all over. There was one in, I think it was Illinois that I was looking at. So yeah,
I mean I lived in Indiana very briefly. Yeah, so I had three years, I was freshman sophomore and junior year in indiana Richmond indiana up on the border of Ohio. Yeah, so
Oh, so you have to see thanks.
Uh Fair enough. Yeah, I was told, I think in high school I had no direction and I said I want to join and then like my art teacher teacher actually told me the one where I was making the clay stuff was like, don't do that. They're not really like hospitable toward women in. I was like,
Well,
Oof,
got it.
Fair enough. I just started that there are a lot of incidents, no stuff happening.
But you're like living with them,
but you're kind of sort of like living next door to them, you know what I mean? Whole
whole different
wow, that's really cool.
I just figured like it could be dangerous. I could see how like there might be more incidents, you know what I mean? Just because of the close proximity.
it just, I guess it just lends itself to that kind of thing. I'm not saying it's like there's more rapists in the army or anything like that, you know what I mean?
I'm
just saying that there's like there's probably more of a chance for them to take advantage of somebody in that environment.
Yeah, I guess that's more of what he was saying, but I was pretty young so I just was like immediately like okay,
the anti
police, oh my
gosh,
how can you be anti police?
I know,
yeah, it's getting
pretty weird like
and
people
are like let's take away all the order.
Yeah, yeah, it doesn't, it doesn't make sense.
then,
I mean there's a lot going on like speaking of lives like life um basically is like is not just we're alive, you know what I mean? And like that's not life like our constitution right guarantees us life liberty and the pursuit of happiness, but life is like kind of not like just living, it's like living free if that makes sense. Like you know what I mean? Like you're outside of a jail cell, you get to make your own decisions, you know what I mean? And all this sort of stuff and like, so for example, like with covid everybody was like pointing fingers and saying you want people to die if you want to go back to work and people are like literally don't have jobs like and
they can't
support
or
they're like the kids put their families and Katie, that's that blows my mind like the incentive like I don't know, it's like the people that say we're really tolerant or were really carrying are the ones like start to turn and like it's like, oh no, we're actually like here's our true colors were really uncaring and intolerant if you don't believe what we believe. I don't like that. That's so there's, there's no dialogue anymore. It's not like if I was
like, no, the police suck, you couldn't tell me otherwise. You know what I mean? If I was them and that's
insane.
Yeah. I don't know what happened in the past. Like I swear like 80 years, the past 80 years of the country.
Like
they like it just flip the world upside down. Like I don't know what happened.
man. Like I don't understand. I don't know. I feel like I am I too old. Like did I like did I grow up in my own little like bubble or something that like I'm a little like I just don't engage anymore with these things and I'm just confused. So because all systems have been very helpful for me because I feel like this is what we used to believe. You know what I mean? Like in terms of the values and stuff and it brought me back to understanding that kind of course thing, so now making sense of the world, it's like okay, I can focus like this is where I'm, I can kind of go here like this is the compass needle, right, this is north, right, that's how I feel like it is. So that's been very
helpful.
Yeah, I mean they
stood around
for
2000
years.
unfortunately, it's there's some people in the church that think that the church that believe different things, which is not how it works, right, understanding how Catholicism is. So it's getting a little wavy as they call it, smoke in the church. So it's like you can't escape the turmoil of the century from century to century because a lot of the things that have come up before have happened before in the church, in terms of like somebody believing, for example, that jesus isn't god, that's a heresy from a long time ago that comes up sometimes, or like the holy spirit is lesser or you know, like all that kind of like the different things, those have, like literally everything that has happened in the church has happened before and now it's happening again, but now it seems like everything is popping up again. Are Pope isn't clarifying a lot of stuff now, Our current one Pope Francis and it's unfortunate because people are misunderstanding the faith a
lot.
I
didn't
know.
Hi,
that's what
I
heard.
Yeah, kowtow to the world's beliefs. Yeah,
it's and unfortunately it's kind of, there's a whole lot of theories actually, there's a whole, like, it's kind of crazy the rabbit hole you can go down because apparently there was somebody who confessed before she died that there are a lot of communists that joined the catholic church
as priests in order to wreck it because the catholic church is honestly the most formidable in terms of of what it believes in its standard that it holds too, because if we don't adhere to a standard, then there is no standard, right? And
Catholicism was the standard and is the standard for example, china, china's reckon everything right now, trying to, I don't know what they're doing, china is trying to like start a war. I swear it's kind of like Germany before World War uh two or whatever or one where they kind of did
an incursion, took something and they were like, it's fine, we don't want to deal with, like you can have it right? And then all of a sudden world war happened and that's kind of like what I feel like china is doing but they're being super like ignorant about it too. Like it's not just hey we want to take this area, we're just going to take the small little portion of land. They're like okay we're gonna kill some indians over here on the border again because I guess the border clashes happen all the time with some nails and people are gonna die in the middle of the night. What happened wasn't us you know and then
just
so bad.
I mean when you believe that you like for example that I think they believe that they should run the world that's like um not them specifically but the government there is a distinction that the chinese people are literally there for the ride unfortunately you
know?
Oh yeah that's true. Yeah I
mean trump's been trump's been pretty good about putting sanctions and stuff on them though. That's
they don't
even
care.
Yeah it's it's like
it's like you don't have to like he doesn't he didn't say the right things and so because he didn't say the right things they don't like him you know? Um And I get it it can be hurtful and stuff but when you literally try to character assassinate for the entirety of a presidency and then turn around and the next one if the democrat gets elected um like they're gonna say that oh my gosh you're assassinating my like you're hurting me right now you can't say this stuff about me while I'm president and it's like it's so annoying. There's no respect for the office.
There's no respect period. I don't know where it went like I said
it's
feels like it
yeah back in the day they didn't have these as jobs like this was the thing they did. Yeah like I don't know why we didn't continue that now. They have to pay for two houses because they got to live in Washington D. C.
And live over wherever they're at. You know like they can't just like it's just annoying
and then they're taking
money.
Oh it's okay it is.
We're at the 32 Mart. So.
Yeah it was. Well while we were more like minded than we thought too so that helps. We could have been like oh yeah no trumps a loser and then we would have fought or something. No I'm joking.
Yeah. Well I mean we agreed. I mean it's not yeah obviously I don't think we would have said this stuff if it seemed like we were disagreeing but. Yeah.
it was nice talking to you
and yeah I guess that's that cool.
See you.
Hi.