SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. So Okay. Okay. Okay, stress. Mhm. Okay, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Go Yeah. God. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cook. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. But yeah, mm. Yeah. Oh, all right.
SPEAKER_R: Hello,
SPEAKER_L: Hi,
SPEAKER_R: How are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm all right. How are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: All right? I'm good. Can you uh can you hear me Okay?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you sound good. How about me?
SPEAKER_R: All right yep. Sounds great. All
SPEAKER_L: where are you calling from?
SPEAKER_R: I am calling from way northern New York um up basically uh like 20 minutes south of the Canadian border, so way up that part in new york that goes way up kind of uh or like an hour west of the Vermont border so kind of we're like Quebec Vermont northern new york kind of all come together so way up there but it's warm here now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I I went to school at Rensselaer Probably Technic institute.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah R. P. I.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, right around in Detroit Albany area, so I'm a little bit familiar with that area. And my brother went to school in Burlington.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. Did he go to U. V. M. Or
SPEAKER_L: He went to
SPEAKER_R: ST Michael's?
SPEAKER_L: champlain College. It's called, It's like it's a smaller, it's like, it's weird, it's almost like a, it's like a college that's like they let UVM lets them use some of their resources because it's so big and they're so small. But we, we drove through one time we took the ferry across lake champlain into new york and then down through upstate. So beautiful area,
SPEAKER_R: Down like the the north way like 87. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then like we stopped by a possible chasm and stuff like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's on my list of places to go. I haven't I haven't been there yet but
SPEAKER_L: it's actually
SPEAKER_R: was it cool
SPEAKER_L: it's kind of cool like you know I would say be prepared Because like the Visitor's center there was like must've been built in the 60s or something and it hasn't really been updated in a long time but the walkways and everything are really cool and the elephant
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: rockets like this big rock
SPEAKER_R: Like block
SPEAKER_L: structure
SPEAKER_R: structure?
SPEAKER_L: looks like an elephant so it's a fun time now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's uh that's uh, I've heard about it, but I we just moved up here uh like six, well back in september so almost a year now actually. But uh, but we're where are you calling from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Chicago. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Gotcha.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm
SPEAKER_R: So are
SPEAKER_L: originally
SPEAKER_R: you from
SPEAKER_L: originally from the East Coast,
SPEAKER_R: East
SPEAKER_L: I grew up in Connecticut and then bounced around
SPEAKER_R: That threat.
SPEAKER_L: whole bunch of different places,
SPEAKER_R: Hey,
SPEAKER_L: ended up in Chicago. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: catcher. Where are you? Where in Connecticut are you from?
SPEAKER_L: Of the coast like right in the centre coast.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, like Guilford branford,
SPEAKER_L: I was the town right
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: next
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: to Brand East
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: Haven.
SPEAKER_R: no, that's so funny. Small world. We I lived in a Columbia Connecticut before year. Yes, which is um, it's up it's near UConn. Um, it's near like Mansfield, so it's um, you basically go up sort of straight north of Norwich um and you go up Willimantic Mansfield, which is where UConn is. It's up in the northeast, the quiet corner. They called it up in the northeast corner there. So
SPEAKER_L: did you work for the university
SPEAKER_R: for being Christina,
SPEAKER_L: or you just.
SPEAKER_R: uh my husband, uh he's a college coach. So we um we've lived at uh just universities all over. So we were he was at UConn for seven years, we were there for a while, but um before that we were at University of Rhode island, University of florida University Wisconsin. Um So we've kind of been all over but he's been trying to um get a D. Three coaching job. So an R. P. I. Is actually in their conference. That's funny. So he coaches up that Clark Clarkson University now so
SPEAKER_L: the one
SPEAKER_R: that's where
SPEAKER_L: of many
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: rivals that are P.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I. Has.
SPEAKER_R: right, that's right, yeah. So like the engineering, all the engineering uh engineering rival schools in the Liberty League. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like I remember R. P. It was it was like oh you got Clarkson, you've got Union, wasn't there another one in there? But I was like, oh we hate them, It's like why do we always hate everybody?
SPEAKER_R: we could we could still be friends and you know just
SPEAKER_L: wow. So you've been like, what's been your favorite state? You've obviously sampled quite a few, What's been your favorite state?
SPEAKER_R: um probably well I spent some time it was only like nine months total but living out in colorado actually. So um that was probably, well I liked a lot of, I like things about everywhere we lived, you know, I liked, um, I loved colorado. Um, I was out there when I was an undergrad. Uh, I'm from pennsylvania originally, so when I was an undergrad at Penn State, I spent some time living out there and playing on a soccer team out there. That's what drew me out there. So, um, because I was playing soccer at Penn State and I needed you need a team to play for in the summer. So one of my friends, um, you pretty much play for someone in the summer or you need to be training with someone or, you know, because you kind of go off on your own and then you come right back into the season. So one of my teammates was from Fort Collins colorado. So she said now there's this team out here, you know, it's um it's like a semi, it's like a semi protein meaning that you won't get paid, which is good because you're not allowed to get paid when you're a college athlete. Um But they'll, you know, they'll put you up, you'll put you up in apartments right at Colorado state and uh you get to play with the team and travel around like the southwest and the west coast a little bit in the mountain west um playing. So I spent a couple summers out there. So I love Fort Collins. Um I still go out there, I used to go out like every um pretty much every every year for a couple of years. I go out to Colorado, Wyoming to run a soccer coaching clinic out there in Wyoming. So I'd still go out to Fort Collins and visit my friends out there and I still have but um I still like it out there but it's a little, I'm from the east coast to, so we have kids now and it's, it would be far from grandparents and it's a, it's gotten really crowded also like this, the secrets out that colorado is pretty cool place to live. So it's uh, every, every time I've been out there I'm like oh my gosh, the front range of the rockies, which is like Denver kind of north to Fort Collins and then from there you're almost in Wyoming. Um it's just really built up and um sort of more sprawling and more traffic. So it's not as nice as when I was going out when I was living out there, but that was one of my favorites. But University of Wisconsin was was really cool. So we were not far from Chicago, we drive through Chicago were all 90 back and forth to the east coast. But I loved Madison, that was a really, really fun city. So we only lived there for like two years and then he got the job at University of florida. So I've been flexible. I've done all kinds of
SPEAKER_L: Second.
SPEAKER_R: things. I work from home right now part time, but we have, we have four kids also, so I kind of work,
SPEAKER_L: well yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: I met my main thing and then I kind of work around around
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: their schedule, so, but I've
SPEAKER_L: would
SPEAKER_R: been
SPEAKER_L: imagine
SPEAKER_R: flexible.
SPEAKER_L: that's the main thing. Are
SPEAKER_R: that's the main thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: they all relatively close in age?
SPEAKER_R: Uh No, they're kind of, we have like two different cohorts, we've got an eight and 11 year old and then we've got a two and a four year old, we've got like the self sufficient ones and the ones who are potty training and need naps and all that took two very two very separate
SPEAKER_L: Record,
SPEAKER_R: groups. But um
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: It's it's it's nice because the 11 year old and the eight year old are you know they can they can help out, they can do a lot. Um And so that that makes it easier. So it's it's an interesting dynamics with them being sort of spread out from a just to up to 11, but um we kind of started having maybe two kids and then now we're four, so but now no more no
SPEAKER_L: definitely
SPEAKER_R: more from here, so.
SPEAKER_L: putting a stop on it now.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Stop hard, stop right there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My partner
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: and I all we have is a cat, so that that's our feeding right about now.
SPEAKER_R: Oh there you go. That's a good uh cats cats are good because you can you can leave them alone for some time. It's an indoor cat I assume. Right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Quincy is our indoor cats.
SPEAKER_R: Quincy. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: We recently discovered like this is something interesting that I learned about cats is that like cat breeds are like ill defined And it wasn't really until like 30, 40 years ago that they actually like people actually started breeding different kinds of cats. Like you know with dogs, dogs have been bred for hundreds if not thousands of years. But cats are kind of a recent thing. So like um It's normally like vets will just say a long or short, like that's generally what's accepted to be the two major varieties. But recently there's been more and so like we've discovered that our cat must be what's called a
SPEAKER_R: Called
SPEAKER_L: ragamuffin cat.
SPEAKER_R: whoa ragamuffin cat
SPEAKER_L: Which is interesting.
SPEAKER_R: chris.
SPEAKER_L: So it's like it's a mid length hair cat usually
SPEAKER_R: Of
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: your
SPEAKER_L: the larger
SPEAKER_R: party.
SPEAKER_L: side. Um And
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: they're known for being incredibly friendly and like they need attention. You know, unlike usual cats that just like like I grew up with cats that just didn't care at all. It's interesting people who've met him say he's very dog like you know he comes and we call him he'll chase after his little treats and stuff like that. So especially
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: around now like it's kind of a nice being to have to sort of some
SPEAKER_R: I have some
SPEAKER_L: of the threats.
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: How do you really? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: life in the house. What uh what color is he?
SPEAKER_L: he is grey with like a white stomach and like white paws. Pretty handsome cat. Cool.
SPEAKER_R: It sounds he sounds awesome.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: Sounds like a good sounds like a good quarantine buddy, so. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: you can be a little bad sometimes you know constantly tries to eat my partner's plants and she has to chase them away.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Not not catnip, just whatever plans she has.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like uh you know an apartment garden can be a bit of a challenge so there's a lot of like potted plants in her office and specifically kale. Like he'll stay away from herbs. But something about the kale, he always tries to bite it because he knows he'll pay attention to him so he like baikal it and then he looks at us, he bites it again and looked at us until we like get mad at him. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: have you been have you been um able to work from home during all of this or what do you do for work out there?
SPEAKER_L: so I am a product designer um And uh the studio I worked for like actually closed at the end of last year so kind of like good and bad
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: because like I was able to sort of get my paperwork and unemployment stuff going before everything got flooded. Um Yeah so like right now
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: like as you can imagine like production
SPEAKER_R: production
SPEAKER_L: has sort of like slowed down for a lot of places so people are
SPEAKER_R: people over
SPEAKER_L: doing
SPEAKER_R: do it
SPEAKER_L: lot
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: less
SPEAKER_R: I have
SPEAKER_L: than
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: it normally
SPEAKER_R: last
SPEAKER_L: would
SPEAKER_R: night.
SPEAKER_L: be. Um But
SPEAKER_R: But uh
SPEAKER_L: you know I'm doing what I can take it, doing studies in my spare time, but also uh I'm involved
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: in like some career coaching, like I'm just trying to in this downtime, I'm trying to like regroup and sort of figure
SPEAKER_R: Sorry?
SPEAKER_L: out what my next move is going to be, but it's happening, you know slower than
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: I'd like what is happening, you know? Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you said
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: you kind of just take care of kids in the part time,
SPEAKER_R: part.
SPEAKER_L: so like
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: do you do you do anything else to fill your days outside
SPEAKER_R: to fill
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: that?
SPEAKER_R: days. Yes. In the part time. Yeah. When I'm when I'm looking well I just got back from the uh the playground so um that's why we actually, there's a really cool um uh so have you ever been up to potsdam where Clarkson is by chance?
SPEAKER_L: no I haven't actually
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so it's, it's really meet its uh we're right, we're just north of north of the Adirondacks basically, so we're probably on like 2025 minutes south of the Canadian border. Um so we'll go over to like cornwall Ontario to go shopping or people go out there and go there to go out to dinner. I mean there were in a small college town, like it's only 10,000 people year round, so um maybe 17,000 people include all the Clarkson students and then the Sunni potsdam students to, but anyway, we just thinking because we just got back from um it's just a really nice river running through an old town with an old like victorian main street and um, canoe and kayak launch. We're just talking about how we have, we have a some canoe, a canoe and some kayaks that we keep up at. Uh, my husband's family's like summer place up in the 1000 Islands, which is not far from here, but we're trying to figure out boat wise that we were just having that discussion right before this, which boats are we gonna bring back? We're gonna get some like kids sit on top kayaks and verse a canoe and there's always canoes floating around here. Everyone has a canoe in their yard, it seems like, so it's a, we just, that was just fresh on my mind. So you're just literally having that conversation, but when I'm not a at the, at the park or the playground. So I, I've done all sorts of things, you know like I said we kind of moved all over the country and I I went to school for actually geographic information systems. So
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: like computer mapping. And I did I worked for actually and I mentioned Guilford because I worked for an engineering company there um called New England Geosystems for a little while. Just a small um kind of local company. But we did all like the computer mapping for um towns in a lot of towns in Connecticut. We worked with their engineering departments. So
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: might
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: live
SPEAKER_L: used I might have used one of your maps, I used to
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: work for the town of West Hartford.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Yeah it was hard for that was one of our clients. So you go and you be able to turn on different layers of maps and look at the parcels and all that. So
SPEAKER_L: That was pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: well. Small World.
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: All right. That was
SPEAKER_L: guys even did the graveyard, that was pretty impressive. Uh Yeah, that's interesting, yeah it was pretty cool, you know, it was fun to just, wow, this is everything split up, Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: That's that's so funny of all the people that could have been paired with. Yeah, you're using our
SPEAKER_L: that's funny.
SPEAKER_R: product, but um so you know, so that's why I originally went to school for, but I ended up also um I have a big soccer background. Um So I ended up coaching college soccer for a couple of years and um went back into the computer mapping stuff for about a year, but kind of at that point we already had our first kid and realized probably having both of us working full time wasn't going to be the way we were going to do things. So um and after having a college coaching job, it was hard to go back to kind of like a desk job engineering. So Um we ended up uh so right now what I do is so I haven't worked in the computer mapping stuff um since my son was one and he's a one or two and he's 11 now, so that was a couple years ago. But um I do, so I um right now I work part time like 20 hours a week or so um for a company that contracts with Google doing uh like a search engine evaluation kind of stuff to help. We basically trained the um the google algorithms to work better. We kind of train the computers were like the human fact checker behind and it's a fact checker that really kind of oversimplifies it, but we kind of make um help the computers to think more like people, which come
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: up with
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: think?
SPEAKER_R: the algorithms for google search but also um you know, google assistant and all kinds of like smart homes, you know, google nest, um gmail, google calendar, Youtube. Um A lot of stuff is with Youtube trying to make sure that that's age appropriate for people and trying to figure out how should we rank and rate the quality of this, of these stuff and what results should come up where. So, um, I have been doing that since my for about six years now. So I caught the perfect mom job because it's uh, it's um 10, it's 10 to 20 hours a week, sometimes 24 hours a week. And um, I kind of just like log on when I want to adults. So it's called, it's called, if you're, if you're looking for anything, it's called Lion bridge Technologies. That's the name of the company I work for. There's a, so line bridge is the company I work for and we contract with google basically. So, um, there's a couple other companies that do the same kind of thing. Um, like uh, Athen Butler Hill, have you ever heard of them? They
SPEAKER_L: At
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: the,
SPEAKER_R: symptoms
SPEAKER_L: in Butler Hill,
SPEAKER_R: act if you're so good. Look up like search engine evaluators work from home. There's like 55 companies or so that have people working all over the country. Um And some are working for Microsoft being, some are working for google. Um I work for Lion Bridge, but happen is another one A. P. P. E. N. And then um I soft stone is another one. Um I'm not sure if they do google or bing who they work for, but there's there's happened I think happen and Lion Bridge are the two big ones. But um yeah just look up search engine evaluators work from home and there's these different companies that contract with, especially google, that's how I do it with. But um I just kind of started out as well. We'll see how this goes. It's kind of like my mom, my mom job while the kids were little. Um But uh six years later I'm still still doing it and I started out doing like um as a contractor basically and now I'm actually a part time employee um With some just like 41 K. Benefits and stuff like that that I didn't start with any of that stuff so it ended up being a great thing for me because I just log on what I want. Um Could you hear that? You know that you know that voice?
SPEAKER_L: plug
SPEAKER_R: It's so
SPEAKER_L: in.
SPEAKER_R: loud. I do I do I do I have I have the Chrome extension so but anyway if you're if you're looking for any sort of you're there a couple hours so we kind of stuff. Um And then I do I also I just start doing, how long have you been doing the prolific stuff?
SPEAKER_L: Actually started in january, believe it or not. Yeah, this is like a, I don't know, I just
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: see how it, how it works. I mean it for
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: me it's fine.
SPEAKER_R: seems fine
SPEAKER_L: I use it for like
SPEAKER_R: building, just
SPEAKER_L: just getting a few
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: bucks here
SPEAKER_R: bucks
SPEAKER_L: and there
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: to spend on for the list things just like kind
SPEAKER_R: by
SPEAKER_L: of only
SPEAKER_R: the time
SPEAKER_L: limit spending
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: been
SPEAKER_L: also like I'll or spend what I earn basically.
SPEAKER_R: right. Yeah. Yeah just use your and it's like you can just kind of keep it on. Do you have an extension that yells at you? Like that it's so loud.
SPEAKER_L: I know my friend does I uh I just kind of cause since I am doing like career coaching and other stuff, I kind of just, I use it sort of like if I'm, I don't know if I just find myself with a free moment and it's like, well I'm not doing anything else. Let me see if there's any, some of them are weird. Have you had the one, have you had the one where like they just pronounced the same word differently and you have to figure out which one it is,
SPEAKER_R: Um I don't think so. No.
SPEAKER_L: it'll be like they say like I can't even think of the word now, but it would be like scene and see like it would be like to like very similar sounding things, but like there's a subtle difference And just sit there for like 30 minutes and you say, Oh it's more like this or is more like that, it's kind of weird but
SPEAKER_R: yeah I don't I don't think I had that one. I had one the other day that was so I'll do it like while I'm doing my my line bridgework I'll just keep that's why I keep the extension on. But it does like if I have my volume up to like a medium amount where everything sounds normal, the prolific is just like through the roof. It just if I had my headphones I'm like uh you have a study available by um but um I'll just do it if I'm working I'll just sort of keep it on and jump onto um studies. But I ended up getting like a decent amount if I'm on the computer anyway, you know, it's sort of like, yeah and most of them are they take, you know, not too long and it's like you've earned 18 pence like but it does it does actually it has been a actually has been like like well I'm already on the computer anyway and
SPEAKER_L: I I found it to be like kind of a pretty easy little like way to kind of do some stuff in my spare time. I find even without trying, I'm able to get like a fairly regular amount every week and so kind of pays up, you know I mean you
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: just got
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: to hope
SPEAKER_R: ever,
SPEAKER_L: you answer them correctly.
SPEAKER_R: yeah or not let them not let them time out, That's
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: what happens.
SPEAKER_L: definitely,
SPEAKER_R: I always do that.
SPEAKER_L: I definitely like I feel like I've screwed up like one or two studies or it's like oh no, like I answered that one. Weird.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I just I had one about um hope you got this one. It was it was very it was definitely like south korean or something or japanese. It had like it definitely had an asian from whatever university it was, I forget where it was in Asia, but it was just the way it was like the way the english was written and like the music, it was just it was like you're in a in a cafeteria and you want to buy like a hot dog or a hamburger, it
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: was just like it went through like imagine you're in the cafeteria, really close your eyes and put yourself in that scenario and listen to the music playing and smell the smells of the cafeteria. And it was really it was really interesting and then I think what they were doing was basically like later on in the test they started playing the music again like this like cheesy like elevator music and then they were like asking me how hungry I was trying to figure out like it's like if I was handling a Pavlovian response to from this cheesy snack bar music to become hungry. So anyway, yeah, it is it is interesting for sure.
SPEAKER_L: It's it's really weird about that stuff, like I am I actually worked as a consultant for a large company for a while and I remember that was like doing creative facilitation. Um are you familiar with that field at all? So like if you think about it um it's basically like somebody coming in and essentially helping a team understand how to work creatively together or understand how design thinking and help improve their processes and how they do work. And so I worked for this large company and they were they were doing that as like a side consulting piece and they were always trying to think of like all kinds of different ways to spend money. And one of the weird ones that they did was they were convinced that this minuscule amount of research on like smell and creativity was like it like this is
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: a thing. So um in the Chicago office that I worked out of they said well we'll just buy a whole system, slap it in there. And so they want this sent system. They spent like weeks installing it and doing all this stuff. They turned it on of uh the person that are welcome desk like had an allergy attack. Her eyes were like turning red and like just she couldn't like so she had a severe allergic reactions like whatever this stuff was and we were like and I'm thinking myself like didn't she like test it or like ask them like, hey, you really have a reaction to this stuff, and it's like after all that time and money, like, geez, um
SPEAKER_R: man, what did they end up doing?
SPEAKER_L: they just don't turn it off, they just they just
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: turned
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: it off and they just pretended it didn't what didn't exist anymore,
SPEAKER_R: like we shall not talk about the scent machine.
SPEAKER_L: That was that was an interesting that was industry job, like, as a as a creative professional, it's kind of weird working in like a lot of industries because it's like, yeah, you kind of butt up against a lot of like, ethical things, because it's like in that instance it's like your whole goal, you hope is to help people to help them do things better or to help make things better for people. And then like, you know, like a couple months ago I learned that like, oh, giant companies only do consulting like that because it allows them to charge an exorbitant amount of money for no reason and little overhead. And it's like oh so like I really wasn't doing anything, I was just a part of this gigantic machine that was designed to take money away from people. So it's like uh like
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I want to make sure I don't do that again. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Sorry, are you thinking about like continuing like are you thinking about changing changing gears a little bit like as far as the product design stuff for?
SPEAKER_L: like definitely like so I still enjoy creative facilitation, it's like just finding people that don't do it that way. And even like the same thing with product design like in the world of something like that, like it's really easy to get involved with companies that don't have people's best interest at the end. And like there are two minds about it, A lot of people that I work for are like well who cares, we got paid for it anyway. And then there are other people more like myself or like yeah, but we never should have done them in the first place. Um So you know, I think for me, at this point in my career, I'm trying to have spent so long just like taking that first thing that was like right there, that now I want to like maybe take my time and really pay attention to what I'm working for, you know, maybe I'm being too difficult, but I don't know, I try to pay attention. I don't know, it can be hard, it can be hard to be like good about everything, right? Like we tend to forget the unforeseen consequences of everything that we do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It sounds like you have the you have a solid, solid ethics about you, like you care about, you know, like you care about what you're doing. That's a that's a that's a good thing. I think that will help you wherever, wherever you end up.
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: Do you think
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: you'll stay in uh Chicago? Pretty much. You look in Chicago.
SPEAKER_L: For right now, I mean my partner would like to move back to the East Coast to be closer to family. Um
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: You know, it certainly helps. I mean like it's a funny thing like I meet a lot of people from Connecticut and we all kind of feel the same way about Connecticut. You know we're gonna ask them with like it's all right,
SPEAKER_R: Right. About
SPEAKER_L: all right.
SPEAKER_R: Connecticut. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I've never been anybody who like loves Connecticut, you know like I've got people from Vermont who won't be quiet about it and people from Ohio who don't shut up about it but it's like nobody likes,
SPEAKER_R: Connecticut's like, well I was just talking to my husband last night about Connecticut, which is really funny. Um and we're talking about accents and how I'm from philadelphia and how that's why my mom has such a thick accent and how I used to have a like a really, really thick philadelphia accent. Um And so my son was like fascinated that I used to talk in a different way and we said, yeah, everywhere has accents except Connecticut.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if you talk
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: to some people but to some
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: people.
SPEAKER_R: I guess it depends where you are like if you're in stanford or something verse, I guess someone had told us once and I've heard this from someone else to that. Apparently like the, the american accent that's supposed to be like emulated by sitcoms, actors and actresses is based on Connecticut. I don't know if that's like an urban
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: legend or
SPEAKER_L: it's the D and the T. So in Connecticut you're supposed to say Connecticut but people in Connecticut Connecticut
SPEAKER_R: Connecticut.
SPEAKER_L: like the teas are like soft and so like that's kind of that's the hallmark. But yeah like I've also heard that described as generic american accent so I don't know if it's like just Connecticut. I've also heard people say that Iowans have the most like generic version
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: of american english.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we were talking about how funny that is if Connecticut is, you know, sort of this plain vanilla american accent when it's surrounded by like the thickest accents ever. You've got like new york city and then we lived in Rhode island, which is like really, really
SPEAKER_L: that's that's
SPEAKER_R: solid.
SPEAKER_L: its own thing. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: and then boston which is different than Rhode island, but also really strong and then new Hampshire and that's like boston but in maine and new Hampshire like variations of boston and Vermont just kind of like hanging out and like, like skiing and like going to maple festivals and like eating Ben and jerry's and hanging out. Um but that Connecticut is in the middle of all these really thick accents and it's like this bubble of how so
SPEAKER_L: and you would
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: just for
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: having that.
SPEAKER_L: and you would think like even just in the like cultural variations over the years like being involved with all those different states like something would rub off something, you know? Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's like, it's like an hour. It's like probably like two hours and you across the state or so.
SPEAKER_L: My my brother lives in boston and he's gotten much better at doing a boston accent. Let me tell you
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's
SPEAKER_L: living
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: in boston, he does not find it to be a flattering accent but
SPEAKER_R: No. Is he getting one or is he just, does he just make
SPEAKER_L: he
SPEAKER_R: it?
SPEAKER_L: he emulates it like to be annoying on the phone, he'll he'll pretend to be a boston guy and like yell at me on the phone. Um
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: because like Chicago kind of has a bit of an accent, it's like kind of it's sort of a generic midwestern accent with like a little bit more, a bit more big city kind of on it. We've got like sort of the round vowels, but it's got like this very flat and staccato, that's the cat away of talk. And you know, kind of like, it's like this weird kind of sounds new york e, but it's like rounded, like most midwestern accents. It's kind of strange. It's only, I had a one of my co workers said like it was one of my old old coworkers was saying that like the hook he would use to get into a Chicago accent was to say the phrase go get a sausage. So he said to say it correctly, it has to be go get a sausage
SPEAKER_R: Good, Good. That's, that's
SPEAKER_L: going
SPEAKER_R: pretty
SPEAKER_L: up.
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: That works. That works.
SPEAKER_R: That's, that's pretty good. It sounds like you've been there long enough.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but like four going on five years, I've been here now, you know? It's interesting. It's interesting being in the midwest, like I lived in a, I've lived in Georgia for a little while when I was in grad school and then I lived in Minneapolis for a couple of years and then came to Chicago. And the midwest is interesting because even across like you would say like Minneapolis and Chicago to like big metropolitan areas in the midwest, they're like worlds apart. You know, I do feel like in the Northeast there's like a bit of a homogeneous atmosphere to it, like Connecticut Rhode island and massachusetts kind of feel the same, you know, they have a lot of the same stuff, but like what's interesting with Minneapolis is that like, it's very, it's a very isolated group, if that makes any sense where it's always tell people, like there's things that happen in the twin cities and then there's things that happen outside the twin cities and like, never the Twain shall meet. It's like this weird little island and then like Chicago I found much more enjoyable because it's like people are very uh community oriented and stuff like that. Um In fact I have, I have a friend from the twin cities that will visit very often and like the last visit he made was like just before christmas, um, he came down and we were at like a doughnut shop and you know, obviously it's like always getting ready. It's like a lot of excited kids running around and there was like this kid in the donut shop, like a little little kid, probably like three or four and the kid was like, you know, goofing off or whatever. And there was like another, uh, like a, like an older couple and they were like, oh, he's so cute talking to the parents of that child. And my friend was like, you never see that in Minneapolis. It's like, they don't, they don't do that
SPEAKER_R: Why
SPEAKER_L: in Minneapolis.
SPEAKER_R: not?
SPEAKER_L: They don't
SPEAKER_R: Do you
SPEAKER_L: talk
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: to each other like that.
SPEAKER_R: they don't do that? Not in that world. A separate world
SPEAKER_L: I was like, really? It's like, yeah, everybody just, you know, you gotta keep your own business.
SPEAKER_R: really, wow. Yeah. That doesn't seem to match like the midwestern feel as much
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: like.
SPEAKER_L: It's like
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: a lot of, a lot of transplants, like, so people always make fun of like the Minnesota nice. A lot of transplants will actually refer to it as Minnesota ice. It's like a barrier. You know, it's like, you know, you kill them with kindness so they leave you alone kind of thing.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Yeah. Not because you want to know them, you're just like
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: me,
SPEAKER_L: not,
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: space.
SPEAKER_L: not, it's not, I don't want to hang out with you. It's like, oh honey, you wouldn't have a good time. You know, something like,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Go away. Go away.
SPEAKER_L: but it's interesting like living in all the different areas. Like I lived in a savannah Georgia for a while. Um
SPEAKER_R: Were you down at the uh what's that like the arts or? No, Not the art school. The um was it the art school down there?
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Savannah College of Art and Design.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Is that where you were? Ok? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's a
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: fun place. It's like very old, very crumbly, very moist. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: You don't do well in humidity.
SPEAKER_R: kudzu. You have the kudzu coming down like the vine or or not not
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: as much
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: more of their, because that's more than Atlanta issue. Um, just like, believe it or not like, like, it's weird I guess like living in small states for most of my life, it's like when you get to the big ones, you're like, whoa, like savannah, Atlanta are four hours away by car. You know, even like, even if I wanted to go to Springfield, the capital, it's like a six hour train ride. It's like what, you know in Connecticut, like in two hours you're like outside of road accidents.
SPEAKER_R: You're in like Vermont? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But like, but yeah, so, um, but in savannah is a lot of spanish moss. It's like all over all the trees and everything. Um, it's an interesting place to visit, you know? But visit don't live.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Don't live gotcha.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, the the overwhelming smells are mildew, course piss and sulfur because there's a paper mill up the river. So it's like as you can imagine being like a broke grad student and you're walking around, it's like 120 degree
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: humid weather
SPEAKER_R: like, oh
SPEAKER_L: and it's just like this horrifying odor that just permeates everything.
SPEAKER_R: You should. I'm surprised you weren't wearing masks and like getting used to
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it back
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: then,
SPEAKER_L: I should
SPEAKER_R: just like,
SPEAKER_L: have.
SPEAKER_R: I can't can't deal. But then you suffocate yourself because it's like 94% humidity.
SPEAKER_L: my the humidity was unbelievable. Like when we when we were looking for an apartment down there, a thunderstorm rolled through and like you know, normally it rains or whatever. Um It was so hot and humid that the water condensed on us, like that's how humid it was. Uh the service of our skin was
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: cold enough to condense water.
SPEAKER_R: like tree frogs like hanging, it's
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, there was, oh my God, so much weird stuff like we bought a few tian from what we later discovered was like some kind of weird religious cult that's down there. That that was like, that was kind of shocking. I didn't find this out until like years
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: later,
SPEAKER_R: bad I was gonna say. How bad did you want the food time?
SPEAKER_L: we needed a photon.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, we'll take it.
SPEAKER_L: It was so strange because like, you know, they were dressed weird and it was like, they're giving us a really good price on this futon, like, okay, and then we were like, we don't have a car, they're like, oh we'll deliver it to you, like, okay.
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: And I'm like, years later I was working in a mailroom somewhere and I was telling this story to one of the people I was working with, he was like, oh, he's like, did they have like these weird old buses that said peacemaker on the front? And I was like, yeah, there was one like parked out in front of the place. He's like, you bought a futon from like a cult. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: really? How did he, how did he know about that?
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: He just moves like the area.
SPEAKER_L: this is like a weird thing like, so he he's a grateful dead fan and apparently this cult praise on grateful dead fans because they look for like direction lists. Like people can't. This guy was all directions. Like, you know, they prey on those people, they take them on the bus, they like get them all like, oh, this is so cool. And it's like, hey, do you want to come with us back to wherever? I mean like, all right, I got nothing else. It's like, it's called like the Seven Kingdoms or something like that. You showed me the website. I was like, they've got a website
SPEAKER_R: Oh they're like we're looking for our futon back. Where were we in search of a Putin? Were down a Putin, you're like, I'm gonna come back,
SPEAKER_L: like even way to a friend.
SPEAKER_R: give away, I give it away. I don't have the food con anymore, don't get
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: was like, and
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: that's the funny thing, like, like right now I'm sitting on our actual couch and like, I don't know if you experience this, but like the getting of the couch is like the true mark of like you're an adult now, like you're a sophisticated, urbane human, you own a couch
SPEAKER_R: You don't have to fold it up and be able to fit it in your friend's car,
SPEAKER_L: with.
SPEAKER_R: like sticking out the back and have that be your bed
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: even though they're not really bed. So they're supposed to be temporary.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God. Yeah, that's uh that's the reality. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: man. Oh man. Well hey, it was good talking to you. I may have to go down and help rescue rescue some kids and dishes and all that stuff that's been going on.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: But,
SPEAKER_L: would imagine.
SPEAKER_R: but I think there's some fun follow up questions or something like how is your conversation? What did you ever do one of these before?
SPEAKER_L: I signed up, but the person never showed up, so thank you for being there,
SPEAKER_R: All right. You're welcome. I did one before I just started doing like some prolific stuff and april. So um, I did one of these before and the first time I think the person didn't show up and then they rescheduled being. So I did end up doing it. But um, I was gonna say if you're looking for like other, do you do other things like prolific? Like any other like user user
SPEAKER_L: Of,
SPEAKER_R: usability, website testing or anything?
SPEAKER_L: I've heard that like mechanical turk is okay. I don't know. I've heard like the payout is lower because I had a friend of a friend is doing both and he said that like prolific a little bit better. The payouts are better and prolific. So that's
SPEAKER_R: you should
SPEAKER_L: one.
SPEAKER_R: check out. Um, So I looked into some of this stuff like back before I started working for Lion Bridge. And then since then I didn't look at it for like five years because I was busy with kids and Lion Bridge and then just went off the coronavirus stuff started. I had like a week break where I think like, because everyone was kind of transitioning to work from home. So we had a big slowdown with work. So I thought, all right, let me look back into some of this stuff, which is when I found prolific. This was in april. And um, I also was like, well, a lot of times, you know, I'm on the computer anyway, I can kind of do both at the same time. Um, and so I started also doing, uh, so I have like probably five or six different things I do, but you know, it's just like random, occasional. I don't like I'll check for if I have time for work. But um user testing and if you've ever heard of that user testing dot com, that's
SPEAKER_L: I haven't heard of that,
SPEAKER_R: that's that's like the best, that's been the best one for me. And you can make like um depending if you like keep the window open and you're on your computer a bunch, you can make it like, I don't know, make like couple like maybe 33 to 400 a month or so doing sometimes sometimes less. I mean I've only done it for three months, but I think like I think the last two months have been like three b 3 to 3 60 a month, so I'll definitely check out. And that's like it's It's it's really fun actually, just like you do these screeners, you know screener will pop up and you answer the questions and if you pass it um you end up doing like a 10-20, usually it's like 15, it's supposed to be 10 to 20 minutes. Usually takes like 15 to 25 minutes depending how many questions there are. Um And you just, you're mostly giving like it's a usability website, usability stuff, like user experience type of stuff where they just want to know you're not like testing things functionally, it's more like what do you think of this website or go through these steps? And uh
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's like like a B testing kind of stuff. Use your flows, yep,
SPEAKER_R: yep so definitely check out if you go to Reddit, did you ever see the Reddit Beer Money site? A sub page. Check out the it's called Beard Money. That's this is how I found a bunch of this stuff. So there's a sub page um or subreddit I guess it's called on Reddit called Beer Money. And if you search through there you'll see it's meant to be you know, stuff like this where it's not like a real job or not like set
SPEAKER_L: People,
SPEAKER_R: hours or whatever, but it's like if you're either working or not working but you have internet access and you're doing stuff on the computer anyway. Um Just a way to make some spare cash, but I sort of got some ideas from different people on there and that's where I had signed up for user testing like years ago, but I never went through with it because I think I started doing, I just let it go, but I just use this one week in april to get back into some of this stuff and I have like Probably five or six different things, like somewhat like prolific. Um so prolific user testing. Is that the most lucrative one for me? And then respondent is another one. Um respondent is like uh like a focus group type of stuff where you fill out a survey and they contact you if you're in it, it's not it's not like surveys like but you you fill out you know a screener and then they contact you if you're in like a little study for them. Um And mostly I think let me see. So prolific respondent um user testing validate, lee that's another one
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I've heard of that one,
SPEAKER_R: part of that one, so that one is like kind of hit or miss but um sometimes you'll it's you'll land like I don't use the studies and I'll be like Um you know $40 for 15 minutes of your time and it's they're really easy and kind of fun. So
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: um obviously you don't qualify for a lot of them but um What was the other 1? Um And then you test I started doing and if you ever heard of you test um That's more like um like Q. A. Software testing. Um So you're basically testing websites and apps um In you're either doing like functional testing or you're looking for bugs and things that don't work or sometimes you're doing like user experience testing where they just want to know your thoughts about using something. Um That one's a little more involved because you go through like an academy for it. Um I did this on my I did a lot of stuff in my one week that I had like off and then I don't keep up with all of it. Like I get you test requests for to work on these little projects a lot and I decline a lot of them because I don't have time to do it. But um you test that's the one you have to go through an academy for and stuff, but it's uh it's like a it's maybe a couple 100,000 people worldwide are kind of in there, the like crowdsourced group, and then they send you like surveys to see if you qualify to do stuff and then you'll end up if you get invited to like a project. It's a lot of like finding bugs in websites and apps and you just tell them like, you know what mobile devices you have access to, what kind of like computer, laptop you have access to what kind of like, you know, smart devices, any kind of like um like, you
SPEAKER_L: Alexa
SPEAKER_R: know, whether it's like
SPEAKER_L: or google home. It's not like
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: the smart home stuff as well as
SPEAKER_L: Smart
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: fridge.
SPEAKER_R: um a lot of like the streaming stuff, I don't really have any of that, but like the raku, like all that stuff so um But anyway you test that's that's another one and that's the one that I went through the academy for it. And if you go through the academy I think you have much like a much better chance to get invited to projects and then you kind of like work your way up. Like you get points for doing well with stuff and then you kind of become like a rated tester and then you get invited to more things. So anyway, that's that's the whole world of things. I don't necessarily do them a lot, but I do them when I'm either on the computer doing my other work or just just as like ways to kind of diversify my working from home stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Well, thanks. Those are some great tips. I'll definitely check those out.
SPEAKER_R: you're welcome. Yeah. And check out the Reddit beer money site. They'll, they'll have like some every once in a while. They'll be like a list on there where it's like, hey master there may be like a Master list on there or something that's got a lot of them are like there's little survey sites and stuff like that. I try not to do any of those because it's just like I just, the payout isn't enough for to make it worth it. But the ones I mentioned definitely check out user testing to that's the bomb. That's like the, it's great. It's like fun and it's just like easy and it's just like money you wouldn't have there. You're just like there anyway if you're on the computer so
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: thanks
SPEAKER_R: you go.
SPEAKER_L: lot. Uh, enjoy your, enjoy your debriefing session after this. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: I will.
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: You too.
SPEAKER_L: a good night.
SPEAKER_R: Alright. You too. Bye
SPEAKER_L: Bye
SPEAKER_R: bye.