Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. So Okay. Okay. Okay, stress. Mhm. Okay, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Go Yeah. God. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cook. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. But yeah, mm. Yeah. Oh, all right.
Hi,
I'm all right. How are you doing?
Yeah, you sound good. How about me?
where are you calling from?
yeah,
I I went to school at Rensselaer Probably Technic institute.
Yeah, yeah, right around in Detroit Albany area, so I'm a little bit familiar with that area. And my brother went to school in Burlington.
He went to
champlain College. It's called, It's like it's a smaller, it's like, it's weird, it's almost like a, it's like a college that's like they let UVM lets them use some of their resources because it's so big and they're so small. But we, we drove through one time we took the ferry across lake champlain into new york and then down through upstate. So beautiful area,
Yeah. And then like we stopped by a possible chasm and stuff like that. Yeah.
it's actually
it's kind of cool like you know I would say be prepared Because like the Visitor's center there was like must've been built in the 60s or something and it hasn't really been updated in a long time but the walkways and everything are really cool and the elephant
rockets like this big rock
structure
looks like an elephant so it's a fun time now.
I'm in Chicago. Yeah.
Yeah I'm
originally
originally from the East Coast,
I grew up in Connecticut and then bounced around
whole bunch of different places,
ended up in Chicago. Mhm.
Of the coast like right in the centre coast.
I was the town right
next
to Brand East
Haven.
did you work for the university
or you just.
the one
of many
rivals that are P.
I. Has.
Yeah. It's like I remember R. P. It was it was like oh you got Clarkson, you've got Union, wasn't there another one in there? But I was like, oh we hate them, It's like why do we always hate everybody?
wow. So you've been like, what's been your favorite state? You've obviously sampled quite a few, What's been your favorite state?
Second.
well yeah, that's
I
would
imagine
that's the main thing. Are
they all relatively close in age?
Record,
it's
definitely
putting a stop on it now.
Yeah. My partner
and I all we have is a cat, so that that's our feeding right about now.
Quincy is our indoor cats.
We recently discovered like this is something interesting that I learned about cats is that like cat breeds are like ill defined And it wasn't really until like 30, 40 years ago that they actually like people actually started breeding different kinds of cats. Like you know with dogs, dogs have been bred for hundreds if not thousands of years. But cats are kind of a recent thing. So like um It's normally like vets will just say a long or short, like that's generally what's accepted to be the two major varieties. But recently there's been more and so like we've discovered that our cat must be what's called a
ragamuffin cat.
Which is interesting.
So it's like it's a mid length hair cat usually
on
the larger
side. Um And
they're known for being incredibly friendly and like they need attention. You know, unlike usual cats that just like like I grew up with cats that just didn't care at all. It's interesting people who've met him say he's very dog like you know he comes and we call him he'll chase after his little treats and stuff like that. So especially
around now like it's kind of a nice being to have to sort of some
of the threats.
How do you really? Yeah.
he is grey with like a white stomach and like white paws. Pretty handsome cat. Cool.
All
you can be a little bad sometimes you know constantly tries to eat my partner's plants and she has to chase them away.
Yeah like uh you know an apartment garden can be a bit of a challenge so there's a lot of like potted plants in her office and specifically kale. Like he'll stay away from herbs. But something about the kale, he always tries to bite it because he knows he'll pay attention to him so he like baikal it and then he looks at us, he bites it again and looked at us until we like get mad at him. Yeah
so I am a product designer um And uh the studio I worked for like actually closed at the end of last year so kind of like good and bad
because like I was able to sort of get my paperwork and unemployment stuff going before everything got flooded. Um Yeah so like right now
like as you can imagine like production
has sort of like slowed down for a lot of places so people are
doing
lot
less
than
it normally
would
be. Um But
you know I'm doing what I can take it, doing studies in my spare time, but also uh I'm involved
in like some career coaching, like I'm just trying to in this downtime, I'm trying to like regroup and sort of figure
out what my next move is going to be, but it's happening, you know slower than
I'd like what is happening, you know? Um
you said
you kind of just take care of kids in the part time,
so like
do you do you do anything else to fill your days outside
of
that?
no I haven't actually
I'm
I
might
have
used I might have used one of your maps, I used to
work for the town of West Hartford.
That was pretty cool.
You
guys even did the graveyard, that was pretty impressive. Uh Yeah, that's interesting, yeah it was pretty cool, you know, it was fun to just, wow, this is everything split up, Yeah,
that's funny.
What
you
think?
At
the,
in Butler Hill,
plug
in.
Actually started in january, believe it or not. Yeah, this is like a, I don't know, I just
see how it, how it works. I mean it for
me it's fine.
I use it for like
just getting a few
bucks here
and there
to spend on for the list things just like kind
of only
limit spending
but
also like I'll or spend what I earn basically.
I know my friend does I uh I just kind of cause since I am doing like career coaching and other stuff, I kind of just, I use it sort of like if I'm, I don't know if I just find myself with a free moment and it's like, well I'm not doing anything else. Let me see if there's any, some of them are weird. Have you had the one, have you had the one where like they just pronounced the same word differently and you have to figure out which one it is,
it'll be like they say like I can't even think of the word now, but it would be like scene and see like it would be like to like very similar sounding things, but like there's a subtle difference And just sit there for like 30 minutes and you say, Oh it's more like this or is more like that, it's kind of weird but
I I found it to be like kind of a pretty easy little like way to kind of do some stuff in my spare time. I find even without trying, I'm able to get like a fairly regular amount every week and so kind of pays up, you know I mean you
just got
to hope
you answer them correctly.
I've
definitely,
I definitely like I feel like I've screwed up like one or two studies or it's like oh no, like I answered that one. Weird.
What?
It's it's really weird about that stuff, like I am I actually worked as a consultant for a large company for a while and I remember that was like doing creative facilitation. Um are you familiar with that field at all? So like if you think about it um it's basically like somebody coming in and essentially helping a team understand how to work creatively together or understand how design thinking and help improve their processes and how they do work. And so I worked for this large company and they were they were doing that as like a side consulting piece and they were always trying to think of like all kinds of different ways to spend money. And one of the weird ones that they did was they were convinced that this minuscule amount of research on like smell and creativity was like it like this is
a thing. So um in the Chicago office that I worked out of they said well we'll just buy a whole system, slap it in there. And so they want this sent system. They spent like weeks installing it and doing all this stuff. They turned it on of uh the person that are welcome desk like had an allergy attack. Her eyes were like turning red and like just she couldn't like so she had a severe allergic reactions like whatever this stuff was and we were like and I'm thinking myself like didn't she like test it or like ask them like, hey, you really have a reaction to this stuff, and it's like after all that time and money, like, geez, um
they just don't turn it off, they just they just
turned
it off and they just pretended it didn't what didn't exist anymore,
That was that was an interesting that was industry job, like, as a as a creative professional, it's kind of weird working in like a lot of industries because it's like, yeah, you kind of butt up against a lot of like, ethical things, because it's like in that instance it's like your whole goal, you hope is to help people to help them do things better or to help make things better for people. And then like, you know, like a couple months ago I learned that like, oh, giant companies only do consulting like that because it allows them to charge an exorbitant amount of money for no reason and little overhead. And it's like oh so like I really wasn't doing anything, I was just a part of this gigantic machine that was designed to take money away from people. So it's like uh like
I want to make sure I don't do that again. Yeah
like definitely like so I still enjoy creative facilitation, it's like just finding people that don't do it that way. And even like the same thing with product design like in the world of something like that, like it's really easy to get involved with companies that don't have people's best interest at the end. And like there are two minds about it, A lot of people that I work for are like well who cares, we got paid for it anyway. And then there are other people more like myself or like yeah, but we never should have done them in the first place. Um So you know, I think for me, at this point in my career, I'm trying to have spent so long just like taking that first thing that was like right there, that now I want to like maybe take my time and really pay attention to what I'm working for, you know, maybe I'm being too difficult, but I don't know, I try to pay attention. I don't know, it can be hard, it can be hard to be like good about everything, right? Like we tend to forget the unforeseen consequences of everything that we do.
Thank
you.
For right now, I mean my partner would like to move back to the East Coast to be closer to family. Um
You know, it certainly helps. I mean like it's a funny thing like I meet a lot of people from Connecticut and we all kind of feel the same way about Connecticut. You know we're gonna ask them with like it's all right,
all right.
I've never been anybody who like loves Connecticut, you know like I've got people from Vermont who won't be quiet about it and people from Ohio who don't shut up about it but it's like nobody likes,
I don't know if you talk
to some people but to some
people.
it's
it's the D and the T. So in Connecticut you're supposed to say Connecticut but people in Connecticut Connecticut
like the teas are like soft and so like that's kind of that's the hallmark. But yeah like I've also heard that described as generic american accent so I don't know if it's like just Connecticut. I've also heard people say that Iowans have the most like generic version
of american english.
that's that's
its own thing. Yeah
and you would
think
like
and you would think like even just in the like cultural variations over the years like being involved with all those different states like something would rub off something, you know? Uh
My my brother lives in boston and he's gotten much better at doing a boston accent. Let me tell you
living
in boston, he does not find it to be a flattering accent but
he
he emulates it like to be annoying on the phone, he'll he'll pretend to be a boston guy and like yell at me on the phone. Um
because like Chicago kind of has a bit of an accent, it's like kind of it's sort of a generic midwestern accent with like a little bit more, a bit more big city kind of on it. We've got like sort of the round vowels, but it's got like this very flat and staccato, that's the cat away of talk. And you know, kind of like, it's like this weird kind of sounds new york e, but it's like rounded, like most midwestern accents. It's kind of strange. It's only, I had a one of my co workers said like it was one of my old old coworkers was saying that like the hook he would use to get into a Chicago accent was to say the phrase go get a sausage. So he said to say it correctly, it has to be go get a sausage
going
up.
That works. That works.
Yeah, but like four going on five years, I've been here now, you know? It's interesting. It's interesting being in the midwest, like I lived in a, I've lived in Georgia for a little while when I was in grad school and then I lived in Minneapolis for a couple of years and then came to Chicago. And the midwest is interesting because even across like you would say like Minneapolis and Chicago to like big metropolitan areas in the midwest, they're like worlds apart. You know, I do feel like in the Northeast there's like a bit of a homogeneous atmosphere to it, like Connecticut Rhode island and massachusetts kind of feel the same, you know, they have a lot of the same stuff, but like what's interesting with Minneapolis is that like, it's very, it's a very isolated group, if that makes any sense where it's always tell people, like there's things that happen in the twin cities and then there's things that happen outside the twin cities and like, never the Twain shall meet. It's like this weird little island and then like Chicago I found much more enjoyable because it's like people are very uh community oriented and stuff like that. Um In fact I have, I have a friend from the twin cities that will visit very often and like the last visit he made was like just before christmas, um, he came down and we were at like a doughnut shop and you know, obviously it's like always getting ready. It's like a lot of excited kids running around and there was like this kid in the donut shop, like a little little kid, probably like three or four and the kid was like, you know, goofing off or whatever. And there was like another, uh, like a, like an older couple and they were like, oh, he's so cute talking to the parents of that child. And my friend was like, you never see that in Minneapolis. It's like, they don't, they don't do that
in Minneapolis.
They don't
talk
to each other like that.
I was like, really? It's like, yeah, everybody just, you know, you gotta keep your own business.
Well.
It's like
a lot of, a lot of transplants, like, so people always make fun of like the Minnesota nice. A lot of transplants will actually refer to it as Minnesota ice. It's like a barrier. You know, it's like, you know, you kill them with kindness so they leave you alone kind of thing.
It's
not,
it's
not, it's not, I don't want to hang out with you. It's like, oh honey, you wouldn't have a good time. You know, something like,
but it's interesting like living in all the different areas. Like I lived in a savannah Georgia for a while. Um
Yes. Savannah College of Art and Design.
It's a
fun place. It's like very old, very crumbly, very moist. Uh,
You don't do well in humidity.
They
have
more of their, because that's more than Atlanta issue. Um, just like, believe it or not like, like, it's weird I guess like living in small states for most of my life, it's like when you get to the big ones, you're like, whoa, like savannah, Atlanta are four hours away by car. You know, even like, even if I wanted to go to Springfield, the capital, it's like a six hour train ride. It's like what, you know in Connecticut, like in two hours you're like outside of road accidents.
But like, but yeah, so, um, but in savannah is a lot of spanish moss. It's like all over all the trees and everything. Um, it's an interesting place to visit, you know? But visit don't live.
Yeah, the the overwhelming smells are mildew, course piss and sulfur because there's a paper mill up the river. So it's like as you can imagine being like a broke grad student and you're walking around, it's like 120 degree
humid weather
and it's just like this horrifying odor that just permeates everything.
I
know.
I should
have.
my the humidity was unbelievable. Like when we when we were looking for an apartment down there, a thunderstorm rolled through and like you know, normally it rains or whatever. Um It was so hot and humid that the water condensed on us, like that's how humid it was. Uh the service of our skin was
cold enough to condense water.
Mhm. Yeah, there was, oh my God, so much weird stuff like we bought a few tian from what we later discovered was like some kind of weird religious cult that's down there. That that was like, that was kind of shocking. I didn't find this out until like years
later,
we needed a photon.
It was so strange because like, you know, they were dressed weird and it was like, they're giving us a really good price on this futon, like, okay, and then we were like, we don't have a car, they're like, oh we'll deliver it to you, like, okay.
And I'm like, years later I was working in a mailroom somewhere and I was telling this story to one of the people I was working with, he was like, oh, he's like, did they have like these weird old buses that said peacemaker on the front? And I was like, yeah, there was one like parked out in front of the place. He's like, you bought a futon from like a cult. Yeah,
because
this is like a weird thing like, so he he's a grateful dead fan and apparently this cult praise on grateful dead fans because they look for like direction lists. Like people can't. This guy was all directions. Like, you know, they prey on those people, they take them on the bus, they like get them all like, oh, this is so cool. And it's like, hey, do you want to come with us back to wherever? I mean like, all right, I got nothing else. It's like, it's called like the Seven Kingdoms or something like that. You showed me the website. I was like, they've got a website
like even way to a friend.
That
was like, and
that's the funny thing, like, like right now I'm sitting on our actual couch and like, I don't know if you experience this, but like the getting of the couch is like the true mark of like you're an adult now, like you're a sophisticated, urbane human, you own a couch
with.
No.
Oh my God. Yeah, that's uh that's the reality. Mhm.
I
would imagine.
I signed up, but the person never showed up, so thank you for being there,
Of,
I've heard that like mechanical turk is okay. I don't know. I've heard like the payout is lower because I had a friend of a friend is doing both and he said that like prolific a little bit better. The payouts are better and prolific. So that's
one.
I haven't heard of that,
yeah, it's like like a B testing kind of stuff. Use your flows, yep,
People,
Oh yeah, I've heard of that one,
no.
Alexa
or google home. It's not like
that.
Smart
fridge.
Well, thanks. Those are some great tips. I'll definitely check those out.
Well,
thanks
lot. Uh, enjoy your, enjoy your debriefing session after this. Uh,
have
a good night.
Bye