Hello,
How are you?
All right? I'm good. Can you uh can you hear me Okay?
All right yep. Sounds great. All
I am calling from way northern New York um up basically uh like 20 minutes south of the Canadian border, so way up that part in new york that goes way up kind of uh or like an hour west of the Vermont border so kind of we're like Quebec Vermont northern new york kind of all come together so way up there but it's warm here now. Yeah.
Yeah
Oh yeah R. P. I.
Yeah. Okay. Did he go to U. V. M. Or
ST Michael's?
Down like the the north way like 87. Yeah.
that's on my list of places to go. I haven't I haven't been there yet but
was it cool
Hello?
Like block
structure?
Yeah that's uh that's uh, I've heard about it, but I we just moved up here uh like six, well back in september so almost a year now actually. But uh, but we're where are you calling from?
Gotcha.
So are
you from
East
That threat.
Hey,
catcher. Where are you? Where in Connecticut are you from?
Oh, like Guilford branford,
How
great.
No,
no, that's so funny. Small world. We I lived in a Columbia Connecticut before year. Yes, which is um, it's up it's near UConn. Um, it's near like Mansfield, so it's um, you basically go up sort of straight north of Norwich um and you go up Willimantic Mansfield, which is where UConn is. It's up in the northeast, the quiet corner. They called it up in the northeast corner there. So
for being Christina,
uh my husband, uh he's a college coach. So we um we've lived at uh just universities all over. So we were he was at UConn for seven years, we were there for a while, but um before that we were at University of Rhode island, University of florida University Wisconsin. Um So we've kind of been all over but he's been trying to um get a D. Three coaching job. So an R. P. I. Is actually in their conference. That's funny. So he coaches up that Clark Clarkson University now so
that's where
we're
that's
right, that's right, yeah. So like the engineering, all the engineering uh engineering rival schools in the Liberty League. So.
we could we could still be friends and you know just
um probably well I spent some time it was only like nine months total but living out in colorado actually. So um that was probably, well I liked a lot of, I like things about everywhere we lived, you know, I liked, um, I loved colorado. Um, I was out there when I was an undergrad. Uh, I'm from pennsylvania originally, so when I was an undergrad at Penn State, I spent some time living out there and playing on a soccer team out there. That's what drew me out there. So, um, because I was playing soccer at Penn State and I needed you need a team to play for in the summer. So one of my friends, um, you pretty much play for someone in the summer or you need to be training with someone or, you know, because you kind of go off on your own and then you come right back into the season. So one of my teammates was from Fort Collins colorado. So she said now there's this team out here, you know, it's um it's like a semi, it's like a semi protein meaning that you won't get paid, which is good because you're not allowed to get paid when you're a college athlete. Um But they'll, you know, they'll put you up, you'll put you up in apartments right at Colorado state and uh you get to play with the team and travel around like the southwest and the west coast a little bit in the mountain west um playing. So I spent a couple summers out there. So I love Fort Collins. Um I still go out there, I used to go out like every um pretty much every every year for a couple of years. I go out to Colorado, Wyoming to run a soccer coaching clinic out there in Wyoming. So I'd still go out to Fort Collins and visit my friends out there and I still have but um I still like it out there but it's a little, I'm from the east coast to, so we have kids now and it's, it would be far from grandparents and it's a, it's gotten really crowded also like this, the secrets out that colorado is pretty cool place to live. So it's uh, every, every time I've been out there I'm like oh my gosh, the front range of the rockies, which is like Denver kind of north to Fort Collins and then from there you're almost in Wyoming. Um it's just really built up and um sort of more sprawling and more traffic. So it's not as nice as when I was going out when I was living out there, but that was one of my favorites. But University of Wisconsin was was really cool. So we were not far from Chicago, we drive through Chicago were all 90 back and forth to the east coast. But I loved Madison, that was a really, really fun city. So we only lived there for like two years and then he got the job at University of florida. So I've been flexible. I've done all kinds of
things. I work from home right now part time, but we have, we have four kids also, so I kind of work,
I met my main thing and then I kind of work around around
their schedule, so, but I've
been
flexible.
that's the main thing. Yeah.
Uh No, they're kind of, we have like two different cohorts, we've got an eight and 11 year old and then we've got a two and a four year old, we've got like the self sufficient ones and the ones who are potty training and need naps and all that took two very two very separate
groups. But um
It's it's it's nice because the 11 year old and the eight year old are you know they can they can help out, they can do a lot. Um And so that that makes it easier. So it's it's an interesting dynamics with them being sort of spread out from a just to up to 11, but um we kind of started having maybe two kids and then now we're four, so but now no more no
more from here, so.
Yes. Stop hard, stop right there. Yeah.
So.
Oh there you go. That's a good uh cats cats are good because you can you can leave them alone for some time. It's an indoor cat I assume. Right. Yeah.
Quincy. Yes.
Called
whoa ragamuffin cat
chris.
Of
your
party.
Yeah.
No.
I have some
like
life in the house. What uh what color is he?
It sounds he sounds awesome.
Sounds like a good sounds like a good quarantine buddy, so. Uh huh.
Oh yeah. Not not catnip, just whatever plans she has.
have you been have you been um able to work from home during all of this or what do you do for work out there?
Good.
So
production
people over
do it
because
I have
one
last
night.
But uh
And
Sorry?
So
Yeah.
What
part.
So
to fill
my
days. Yes. In the part time. Yeah. When I'm when I'm looking well I just got back from the uh the playground so um that's why we actually, there's a really cool um uh so have you ever been up to potsdam where Clarkson is by chance?
Yeah, so it's, it's really meet its uh we're right, we're just north of north of the Adirondacks basically, so we're probably on like 2025 minutes south of the Canadian border. Um so we'll go over to like cornwall Ontario to go shopping or people go out there and go there to go out to dinner. I mean there were in a small college town, like it's only 10,000 people year round, so um maybe 17,000 people include all the Clarkson students and then the Sunni potsdam students to, but anyway, we just thinking because we just got back from um it's just a really nice river running through an old town with an old like victorian main street and um, canoe and kayak launch. We're just talking about how we have, we have a some canoe, a canoe and some kayaks that we keep up at. Uh, my husband's family's like summer place up in the 1000 Islands, which is not far from here, but we're trying to figure out boat wise that we were just having that discussion right before this, which boats are we gonna bring back? We're gonna get some like kids sit on top kayaks and verse a canoe and there's always canoes floating around here. Everyone has a canoe in their yard, it seems like, so it's a, we just, that was just fresh on my mind. So you're just literally having that conversation, but when I'm not a at the, at the park or the playground. So I, I've done all sorts of things, you know like I said we kind of moved all over the country and I I went to school for actually geographic information systems. So
like computer mapping. And I did I worked for actually and I mentioned Guilford because I worked for an engineering company there um called New England Geosystems for a little while. Just a small um kind of local company. But we did all like the computer mapping for um towns in a lot of towns in Connecticut. We worked with their engineering departments. So
if
you
live
all
Oh yeah. Yeah it was hard for that was one of our clients. So you go and you be able to turn on different layers of maps and look at the parcels and all that. So
well. Small World.
All right. That was
That's that's so funny of all the people that could have been paired with. Yeah, you're using our
product, but um so you know, so that's why I originally went to school for, but I ended up also um I have a big soccer background. Um So I ended up coaching college soccer for a couple of years and um went back into the computer mapping stuff for about a year, but kind of at that point we already had our first kid and realized probably having both of us working full time wasn't going to be the way we were going to do things. So um and after having a college coaching job, it was hard to go back to kind of like a desk job engineering. So Um we ended up uh so right now what I do is so I haven't worked in the computer mapping stuff um since my son was one and he's a one or two and he's 11 now, so that was a couple years ago. But um I do, so I um right now I work part time like 20 hours a week or so um for a company that contracts with Google doing uh like a search engine evaluation kind of stuff to help. We basically trained the um the google algorithms to work better. We kind of train the computers were like the human fact checker behind and it's a fact checker that really kind of oversimplifies it, but we kind of make um help the computers to think more like people, which come
up with
all
the algorithms for google search but also um you know, google assistant and all kinds of like smart homes, you know, google nest, um gmail, google calendar, Youtube. Um A lot of stuff is with Youtube trying to make sure that that's age appropriate for people and trying to figure out how should we rank and rate the quality of this, of these stuff and what results should come up where. So, um, I have been doing that since my for about six years now. So I caught the perfect mom job because it's uh, it's um 10, it's 10 to 20 hours a week, sometimes 24 hours a week. And um, I kind of just like log on when I want to adults. So it's called, it's called, if you're, if you're looking for anything, it's called Lion bridge Technologies. That's the name of the company I work for. There's a, so line bridge is the company I work for and we contract with google basically. So, um, there's a couple other companies that do the same kind of thing. Um, like uh, Athen Butler Hill, have you ever heard of them? They
do
symptoms
act if you're so good. Look up like search engine evaluators work from home. There's like 55 companies or so that have people working all over the country. Um And some are working for Microsoft being, some are working for google. Um I work for Lion Bridge, but happen is another one A. P. P. E. N. And then um I soft stone is another one. Um I'm not sure if they do google or bing who they work for, but there's there's happened I think happen and Lion Bridge are the two big ones. But um yeah just look up search engine evaluators work from home and there's these different companies that contract with, especially google, that's how I do it with. But um I just kind of started out as well. We'll see how this goes. It's kind of like my mom, my mom job while the kids were little. Um But uh six years later I'm still still doing it and I started out doing like um as a contractor basically and now I'm actually a part time employee um With some just like 41 K. Benefits and stuff like that that I didn't start with any of that stuff so it ended up being a great thing for me because I just log on what I want. Um Could you hear that? You know that you know that voice?
It's so
loud. I do I do I do I have I have the Chrome extension so but anyway if you're if you're looking for any sort of you're there a couple hours so we kind of stuff. Um And then I do I also I just start doing, how long have you been doing the prolific stuff?
I know
it
seems fine
building, just
get
bucks
here.
by
the time
it's
been
right. Yeah. Yeah just use your and it's like you can just kind of keep it on. Do you have an extension that yells at you? Like that it's so loud.
Um I don't think so. No.
yeah I don't I don't think I had that one. I had one the other day that was so I'll do it like while I'm doing my my line bridgework I'll just keep that's why I keep the extension on. But it does like if I have my volume up to like a medium amount where everything sounds normal, the prolific is just like through the roof. It just if I had my headphones I'm like uh you have a study available by um but um I'll just do it if I'm working I'll just sort of keep it on and jump onto um studies. But I ended up getting like a decent amount if I'm on the computer anyway, you know, it's sort of like, yeah and most of them are they take, you know, not too long and it's like you've earned 18 pence like but it does it does actually it has been a actually has been like like well I'm already on the computer anyway and
Have
you
ever,
yeah or not let them not let them time out, That's
what happens.
I always do that.
Yeah I just I had one about um hope you got this one. It was it was very it was definitely like south korean or something or japanese. It had like it definitely had an asian from whatever university it was, I forget where it was in Asia, but it was just the way it was like the way the english was written and like the music, it was just it was like you're in a in a cafeteria and you want to buy like a hot dog or a hamburger, it
was just like it went through like imagine you're in the cafeteria, really close your eyes and put yourself in that scenario and listen to the music playing and smell the smells of the cafeteria. And it was really it was really interesting and then I think what they were doing was basically like later on in the test they started playing the music again like this like cheesy like elevator music and then they were like asking me how hungry I was trying to figure out like it's like if I was handling a Pavlovian response to from this cheesy snack bar music to become hungry. So anyway, yeah, it is it is interesting for sure.
I don't
man, what did they end up doing?
they
just
like we shall not talk about the scent machine.
Mhm.
Sorry, are you thinking about like continuing like are you thinking about changing changing gears a little bit like as far as the product design stuff for?
Yeah. It sounds like you have the you have a solid, solid ethics about you, like you care about, you know, like you care about what you're doing. That's a that's a that's a good thing. I think that will help you wherever, wherever you end up.
Do you think
you'll stay in uh Chicago? Pretty much. You look in Chicago.
Okay.
Right. About
Connecticut. Yeah.
Connecticut's like, well I was just talking to my husband last night about Connecticut, which is really funny. Um and we're talking about accents and how I'm from philadelphia and how that's why my mom has such a thick accent and how I used to have a like a really, really thick philadelphia accent. Um And so my son was like fascinated that I used to talk in a different way and we said, yeah, everywhere has accents except Connecticut.
Hello?
But
I guess it depends where you are like if you're in stanford or something verse, I guess someone had told us once and I've heard this from someone else to that. Apparently like the, the american accent that's supposed to be like emulated by sitcoms, actors and actresses is based on Connecticut. I don't know if that's like an urban
legend or
Connecticut.
like,
yeah, we were talking about how funny that is if Connecticut is, you know, sort of this plain vanilla american accent when it's surrounded by like the thickest accents ever. You've got like new york city and then we lived in Rhode island, which is like really, really
solid.
and then boston which is different than Rhode island, but also really strong and then new Hampshire and that's like boston but in maine and new Hampshire like variations of boston and Vermont just kind of like hanging out and like, like skiing and like going to maple festivals and like eating Ben and jerry's and hanging out. Um but that Connecticut is in the middle of all these really thick accents and it's like this bubble of how so
we
just for
having that.
Yeah. It's like, it's like an hour. It's like probably like two hours and you across the state or so.
Oh, that's
it.
No. Is he getting one or is he just, does he just make
it?
And
Good, Good. That's, that's
pretty
good.
That's, that's pretty good. It sounds like you've been there long enough.
Why
not?
Do you
think
they don't do that? Not in that world. A separate world
really, wow. Yeah. That doesn't seem to match like the midwestern feel as much
like.
I know.
Right. Yeah. Yeah. Not because you want to know them, you're just like
me,
my
space.
Yeah. Go away. Go away.
Were you down at the uh what's that like the arts or? No, Not the art school. The um was it the art school down there?
Okay. Is that where you were? Ok? Yeah.
Thanks.
Good
kudzu. You have the kudzu coming down like the vine or or not not
as much
there.
You're in like Vermont? Yeah.
Yeah. Don't live gotcha.
You're
like, oh
You should. I'm surprised you weren't wearing masks and like getting used to
it back
then,
just like,
I can't can't deal. But then you suffocate yourself because it's like 94% humidity.
it's
like tree frogs like hanging, it's
How
bad I was gonna say. How bad did you want the food time?
Okay, we'll take it.
Hello?
really? How did he, how did he know about that?
He just moves like the area.
Oh they're like we're looking for our futon back. Where were we in search of a Putin? Were down a Putin, you're like, I'm gonna come back,
give away, I give it away. I don't have the food con anymore, don't get
me
Well
You don't have to fold it up and be able to fit it in your friend's car,
like sticking out the back and have that be your bed
even though they're not really bed. So they're supposed to be temporary.
man. Oh man. Well hey, it was good talking to you. I may have to go down and help rescue rescue some kids and dishes and all that stuff that's been going on.
But,
but I think there's some fun follow up questions or something like how is your conversation? What did you ever do one of these before?
All right. You're welcome. I did one before I just started doing like some prolific stuff and april. So um, I did one of these before and the first time I think the person didn't show up and then they rescheduled being. So I did end up doing it. But um, I was gonna say if you're looking for like other, do you do other things like prolific? Like any other like user user
usability, website testing or anything?
you should
check out. Um, So I looked into some of this stuff like back before I started working for Lion Bridge. And then since then I didn't look at it for like five years because I was busy with kids and Lion Bridge and then just went off the coronavirus stuff started. I had like a week break where I think like, because everyone was kind of transitioning to work from home. So we had a big slowdown with work. So I thought, all right, let me look back into some of this stuff, which is when I found prolific. This was in april. And um, I also was like, well, a lot of times, you know, I'm on the computer anyway, I can kind of do both at the same time. Um, and so I started also doing, uh, so I have like probably five or six different things I do, but you know, it's just like random, occasional. I don't like I'll check for if I have time for work. But um user testing and if you've ever heard of that user testing dot com, that's
that's that's like the best, that's been the best one for me. And you can make like um depending if you like keep the window open and you're on your computer a bunch, you can make it like, I don't know, make like couple like maybe 33 to 400 a month or so doing sometimes sometimes less. I mean I've only done it for three months, but I think like I think the last two months have been like three b 3 to 3 60 a month, so I'll definitely check out. And that's like it's It's it's really fun actually, just like you do these screeners, you know screener will pop up and you answer the questions and if you pass it um you end up doing like a 10-20, usually it's like 15, it's supposed to be 10 to 20 minutes. Usually takes like 15 to 25 minutes depending how many questions there are. Um And you just, you're mostly giving like it's a usability website, usability stuff, like user experience type of stuff where they just want to know you're not like testing things functionally, it's more like what do you think of this website or go through these steps? And uh
yep so definitely check out if you go to Reddit, did you ever see the Reddit Beer Money site? A sub page. Check out the it's called Beard Money. That's this is how I found a bunch of this stuff. So there's a sub page um or subreddit I guess it's called on Reddit called Beer Money. And if you search through there you'll see it's meant to be you know, stuff like this where it's not like a real job or not like set
hours or whatever, but it's like if you're either working or not working but you have internet access and you're doing stuff on the computer anyway. Um Just a way to make some spare cash, but I sort of got some ideas from different people on there and that's where I had signed up for user testing like years ago, but I never went through with it because I think I started doing, I just let it go, but I just use this one week in april to get back into some of this stuff and I have like Probably five or six different things, like somewhat like prolific. Um so prolific user testing. Is that the most lucrative one for me? And then respondent is another one. Um respondent is like uh like a focus group type of stuff where you fill out a survey and they contact you if you're in it, it's not it's not like surveys like but you you fill out you know a screener and then they contact you if you're in like a little study for them. Um And mostly I think let me see. So prolific respondent um user testing validate, lee that's another one
part of that one, so that one is like kind of hit or miss but um sometimes you'll it's you'll land like I don't use the studies and I'll be like Um you know $40 for 15 minutes of your time and it's they're really easy and kind of fun. So
um obviously you don't qualify for a lot of them but um What was the other 1? Um And then you test I started doing and if you ever heard of you test um That's more like um like Q. A. Software testing. Um So you're basically testing websites and apps um In you're either doing like functional testing or you're looking for bugs and things that don't work or sometimes you're doing like user experience testing where they just want to know your thoughts about using something. Um That one's a little more involved because you go through like an academy for it. Um I did this on my I did a lot of stuff in my one week that I had like off and then I don't keep up with all of it. Like I get you test requests for to work on these little projects a lot and I decline a lot of them because I don't have time to do it. But um you test that's the one you have to go through an academy for and stuff, but it's uh it's like a it's maybe a couple 100,000 people worldwide are kind of in there, the like crowdsourced group, and then they send you like surveys to see if you qualify to do stuff and then you'll end up if you get invited to like a project. It's a lot of like finding bugs in websites and apps and you just tell them like, you know what mobile devices you have access to, what kind of like computer, laptop you have access to what kind of like, you know, smart devices, any kind of like um like, you
know, whether it's like
like
the smart home stuff as well as
like
um a lot of like the streaming stuff, I don't really have any of that, but like the raku, like all that stuff so um But anyway you test that's that's another one and that's the one that I went through the academy for it. And if you go through the academy I think you have much like a much better chance to get invited to projects and then you kind of like work your way up. Like you get points for doing well with stuff and then you kind of become like a rated tester and then you get invited to more things. So anyway, that's that's the whole world of things. I don't necessarily do them a lot, but I do them when I'm either on the computer doing my other work or just just as like ways to kind of diversify my working from home stuff.
you're welcome. Yeah. And check out the Reddit beer money site. They'll, they'll have like some every once in a while. They'll be like a list on there where it's like, hey master there may be like a Master list on there or something that's got a lot of them are like there's little survey sites and stuff like that. I try not to do any of those because it's just like I just, the payout isn't enough for to make it worth it. But the ones I mentioned definitely check out user testing to that's the bomb. That's like the, it's great. It's like fun and it's just like easy and it's just like money you wouldn't have there. You're just like there anyway if you're on the computer so
there
you go.
I will.
You too.
Alright. You too. Bye
bye.