Hello?
Six o'clock. So you're in Central Times and then Okay. I'm in the Eastern time
zone so it's a little later
here
but
not still very
early.
I'm sorry. I'm having a little trouble hearing. You?
Okay. Hello. Are you trying to avoid waking other people in the house? Yes.
No, it's OK. I don't want you to wake up anyone. You don't have to if you don't mind my asking. Which state are you? Okay. I'm in north Carolina.
Okay. So the northern part?
Oh, okay.
Who?
I'm not sure. How did how
did you find prolific? I'm assuming you came in through prolific platform for this research? Yeah.
Yeah. I like I like using prolific to for that. I'm a graduate student. I used it to pay my tuition.
Um I graduated from this. Well
actually I, you mentioned Pensacola and
I went to
grad
school in New Orleans and Loyola.
therapy.
Yes, I do a lot of work with the disabled.
I work a lot with Children with autism.
kind of work do you
do?
it's good.
I actually, I live with my dad right now, he's letting me stay with him while I read my thesis.
Um It's a survey on music therapist experiences working with a certain populations. I just need, you know, I asking them about what kind of reverses they had available before and after and what they think they need to learn more about certain populations and music therapy
and I'll break here.
Does he use assistive communication to communicate? Like does he have like an ipad that he types on or anything?
good. I'm glad he has an outlet to communicate.
Yeah, same here
hobby is
I.
I don't know I kind of turned my main hobby into my job, you know playing music. What what kind of obvious do you have?
Oh that's so cool.
Well like what
do you
like
making,
What kind of pottery is
you like
making?
Oh that's really neat.
Oh that's so nice.
Well
you
don't need to be an expert to enjoy something and have fun doing it.
What video games do you like?
Oh okay. So do you like animal crossing or?
No that's
fine
this is you know it's an awkward situation. Did you do this experiment the last time it came around?
Last time I did this last time to I talked to a college student in Virginia.
I don't want to entreat either. Yeah. Yeah.
What story do you work as a cashier at if you're comfortable asking?
Food lion? Okay. We've got a food lion where I am. I've I've actually applied
to work
there.
I I didn't get the job though. I did waitress that. I hope for a while.
Do they let you sit down during your shift?
Oh wow you're right. That is very small.
sounds is it one of those towns where everyone's friendly and everyone knows each other's
names? Ah That's
every town does have that.
Yeah fortunately I use some people like that in my time to,
No. No there's nothing to be
judgmental about it happens to everyone. Well
I would you know addiction
or knowing somebody who has one.
Oh I'm I'm sorry to
hear that.
Oh um do you have any T. V. Shows that your option right now?
I didn't even know they made us equal.
Oh good. I'm sorry I've never seen the show but I know so I was like a lawyer or something.
Yeah if you hear a little background noise that's actually my dad off on his on his
way
to
work now. He's
he's a position
and
he's uh he actually doesn't he's actually very passionate
about addiction medicine which
and you know he's working on getting more treatment available in our area.
He
is the general practitioner. Yes
I know.
Yeah.
No
I'm sorry to hear that. Mhm.
No it's fine it's fine. What's
your favorite movie?
I'm sorry.
No titanic
is not embarrassing.
The historical epic. It's got a bunch of you know it's got good music, it's got good acting and uh really good special effects.
Not embarrassing at all. My favorites. Mean Girls.
it's like a teen comedy just about, you know
this
girl, this girl who came over from Africa
and
she
somehow like found herself in the popular clique and
she just
trying to navigate that world.
I'm sorry.
Um I'd say it's I'd say it's pretty funny. Um It I don't know whether men would like it. All the men I've talked to you about Mean girls, they say, oh that Lindsay Lohan sure is pretty, so I enjoyed watching it, but uh
It's about 15 years old at this point. Yeah.
yeah,
her career
Yeah, it's a shame she actually grew
up close to where I grew up on Long Island and it's a place where there's a lot of uh disrupted
families and uh drug use, unfortunately, the shame she fell in with those crowds, even younger.
You know, I've never heard anyone say that before, They just hear people say, oh Long Island's a giant parking lot, so thank you,
No thanks, but I've I'm sorry, I've never been to, you know, I've never been to the panhandle of florida, but I'm sure it's beautiful too.
Mhm. I'm so sorry, I'm sorry, dad, I have a research obligation
right now. Yeah, I I gave you the spare
and you
have your original keys. Mhm. Yes, I'm sorry.
I can't.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, okay. Is thank you. Mhm. I'm sorry about that.
Do you have any
pets?
you have shoot dogs out, it's nice.
Great.
Oh.
Oh, I'm sorry, could you repeat that?
I'm so sorry to hear that.
That's common in cats. Especially as they
age.
Okay.
Yeah, I always
hope
to see my you know all my loved ones after I passed town.
Um I was raised catholic, but I don't practice now.
Yeah,
I don't
see all the
big difference is everyone's talking about.
Yes it is.
And
I knew a few mormons in music school and one would tell me that her that if that
uh she people would judge other people if they ate fruits that were out of season,
that is pretty unusual and she says like to this day she feels she still feels weird
about eating
a strawberry and like winter,
yes, they're not supposed to caffeine or alcohol.
Yeah, I can't blame them for that either.
I like a glass of wine every once in a while, but like it's not a big part of my life the way that it is for some people.
I'm not a vegetarian at all you like? Okay.
do you like listening to music? Ah
I have to listen to everything
for work. So I, I, I enjoy I enjoy everything.
Do you have any genres that you particularly like?
Oh, okay. So like king, crimson,
pink Floyd.
Who's your favorite author? Composer?
I'm sorry.
Oh yeah, sorry. I've never
heard of them.
I No. Yeah, well lately I've been listening to a lot of Townes Van Zandt. He is a country artist
from uh think he's
from Houston. Yeah.
Uh
he hasn't been
active for a while. He passed on in 1997.
I've never heard of them. Which on roads that
Thank you. I'll look them up.
it is.
Yeah. Well, you're the first
person outside my family that I've had a conversation with a, you know, but since that, since the last time I did this experiment,
Yeah, I have had to be for my work. Just been doing a lot of writing.
How are you keeping safe while you're
at work
because you're an essential employee, aren't you?
Okay. It's your employer providing you with them or do you have to get the masks yourself?
Oh, okay. That's good
notion.
Yeah, I'm glad to hear that.
Yeah. Could have had one of those asymptomatic
cases and you didn't know.
Yeah. And I heard that florida is starting to get more cases again,
Carolina's having similar issues.
Same here, mm.
Mhm.
Mhm.
It's just a shame that people don't want to follow the rules anymore.
Mhm.
I'm actually not
much of
person I like, you know, I
like fish, I
like
salmon.
do you like? What's your favorite thing to cook? I'm sorry, I already asked that, do you like to cook the fish to catch?
Well, we're kind of fish you mostly catch.
That's okay.
okay.
No, I've never actually had
I'm not from the
well I'm from new york, but I've never
I've lived here for about two years.
I
will I will when uh you have it's safe to go to restaurants again.
All right, because I don't own a deep fryer though.
Oh, okay, I'll try it then.
Well
it's different if you cook with it.
Who?
Yeah. Well he's well he doesn't he actually has a very strict diet where he doesn't eat fried foods either. It's it's easy to keep healthy with him in the house.
You'd be surprised a lot of doctors do the exact things they tell their patients
not
to. Yeah, yep. Hypocrisy. My dad's actually what's called an attending physician where he like supervises residents or the baby doctors learning how to be a doctor and he's always surprised by how many of them come in who does smoke?
Yeah, that's what my nana said to my dad and she was a heavy smoker all her life too.
goodness.
No. No.
Yeah with my nana she's unfortunately no longer with us and I got especially towards the she got lung cancer. And I as even if I did, you know, even if I didn't smoke to begin with, I would not have picked it up after watching how badly she felt, especially towards the end.
It's not,
You know, it doesn't make you look
It wastes a lot of money. It does horrible things to your lungs.
Yeah. He wasn't.
that's been
nice meeting you
Alexandra.
What's your name?
That nice
meeting You stop