Mhm. Yeah. 16 minutes to six. Hello. A similar course here, according this to watch, make sure I stay 25 minutes. I'm planning on, I'm planning on staying at 25 after 28 6, but once my partner shows up home record at the time. Yeah. Okay. No, I don't go under. I guess sometimes it is good to come on my phone. I assume that you're watching this and what I say, I'm just sitting here using a tablet well away from the apartment and it's one of my eyes keep going down a little bit of 20 times down here Alex.
All right, let's see about six o'clock right now. So I just talked to about 6 30. Okay.
good.
Talk
about
something.
But
uh well, I'm just trying to go for that 25 minute uh ultimatum that gave us, Yeah.
Oh, sorry, I'm trying to speak louder. Okay.
sort of its I'm the only one up right now. Yeah, but I can talk about it maybe.
I'm in the panhandle of florida. Right? Um,
yeah. Right by Pensacola. Yeah.
So just barely out of the Eastern time zone. Yeah. Uh huh. Mm hmm. Well,
any ideas where you want to talk about?
Get
but how I found prolific, uh, a couple of years back when I was without a job, so I was going online looking for extra money to make, uh, this just ended up its best source of extra cash in my opinion. Yeah.
my case, I'm just living in a small town, high school education. Yeah. What school did you graduate from?
there
you
have
something.
Uh, what's your major minor? Okay.
After the disabled?
Like physically disabled or like mental disabilities, like autism.
That's not thinking. Yeah.
I'm,
I'm just a cashier honestly. But around here it's uh enough to live on, honestly. It's small town. So around here you could live on less than $1200 a month. Yeah.
What about you? Huh? Okay.
What do you plan on writing a thesis on?
Mm. That seemed pretty interested in my opinion.
It's kind of admirable. I have a cousin with autism, so I know that music is good for that kind of thing. His uh non verbal, I don't know much about autism and that's just what
you guys android tablet actually. Okay. He has a little note pad app that he just uses. Two types. From what?
Yeah, he types a lot faster than I do. Almost. Amazing. Yeah. No, sorry. Just trying to think of something to talk about.
Uh How about hobbies?
Come
on. Mhm.
All right. Well, a lot actually. But uh in my spare time I like to just go fishing and I like clockwork, like pottery
prepared. Not an expensive or not a cheap hobby though.
The
murder
of
this.
Welcome
back.
Ever since I was younger, I've always enjoyed making things that are useful, like balls that you can eat out. A cups uh figurines
because I remember when I was younger, I used to make little animal figurines from my mother. Nowadays, I don't really get that too old to be making and stuff like that for my mother.
Yeah, I mean I'm not exactly a pro or expert anything. There's
still
off.
Oh, I love doing it honestly. Very quick. Building special. Nothing that you can actually use. Yeah. Yeah. But other than that, just regular hobbies, like normal person, you know, fishing like I said, playing occasional video game, you know?
Um Well, I have epilepsy so I can't play stuff with requires lightning fast reflexes, I guess role playing games will be best. And uh when I was younger I used to like the Harvest Moon series. Yeah,
I've never played it. I have several family members who love the series though. I've thought about getting it, but I don't have that system that it's on. Uh I don't know the name of that, can't remember. Thanks. Sorry,
the
thing,
Last time I talked to another woman, uh she was on here with her son, her son was an infant and he had a cold. Remember what?
population? Well in my case is uh I believe she said she was a white dress. She was living with her uh husband's parents. Well, I don't want to intrude on that kind of thing. That's kind of part.
but thank you.
Food line.
hockey
is
like
yeah well good lines, a decent place, good co workers, but honestly from my experience going there to shop, I would not recommend shopping there. Mhm.
on break but for the most part is just too busy to have the time and said mhm mm. Because in my case I said I was cashier, but also help with other stuff like uh stocking and whatnot, not just solely doing one certain task. I said it's a small town rural area though, so there's not a lot of people who come in anyway, I'd say 500 people in town at most.
Yeah, it's a real nice town though. Yeah,
Pretty
I mean there are a couple of bad apples in town though, like every town like. Yeah,
like the occasional drug addict or something like that, you know, you do have to be a bit wary about that kind of thing. I mean, once you've seen someone who's a methamphetamine addict, you know, have to be careful. Yeah,
it's endemic across the country. Really. Yeah, I mean, I'm not trying to be judgmental or not
if
many
look?
Yeah, and the weariness that's in my case, I have had something stolen from me before by a neighbor who was the addict.
I'm
it was not too terrible just a bike, but and one time when I caught them stealing my water, but I was like, I wouldn't mind giving my water, but stealing it's one thing asking thank you.
Uh Not really, no, I'm not really a big fan of television. Uh I used to watch Storm Stories in the past because I wanted to be a meteorologist, but that's prepared. I did watch Breaking Bad when it was still airing. Mhm. I haven't watched that sequel though, it seems kind of boring. Mhm.
It's a better Call Saul
Yeah, he's just a corrupt lawyer. Yeah but I've never seen this sequel either, so I don't mind if I said I don't really watch television very much too busy. Um Let's say any family uh
all
this
time
I've got him,
I'm very
sorry.
No
shit.
that's good. You see a general practitioner or
special?
Uh Yeah husband Children.
Good. She? Uh
huh. No
I just broke up actually but
it's no biggie. Uh Sorry, taking something to talk about.
My
favorite movie. Uh This is gonna sound embarrassing but it's a high panic,
it's embarrassing. It's titanic
look.
Yeah, well it's kind of a chick flick honestly.
yeah, thanks for
Yeah, I mean, girls are there.
I
understand.
Perfect.
Perfect group
girl.
I'm
something
uh sort of a coming of age sort of film as well. Maybe memorize them, Maybe watch it in the future. Would you say something a male with actually Door there?
What you say is something that a male would endure. Is it more
Lindsay Lohan. How old is this film? Is it a couple of decades old?
I wonder I haven't heard of Lindsay Lohan doing any films in a long time. Yeah.
Yeah.
But yeah, that was like we're talking about drugs
because
well,
It tends to happen with isolated areas. Long Island. Quite jealous of that. Long island, beautiful place. I want good ones.
I it's just my opinion.
But if you go down to the beach it is nice if you can find a day that people aren't littering. You know, it's really recovered since the oils leg. But
Master.
But
that.
Yes. No problem. Right. Okay. Sure.
The more possible,
no problem. I don't think. Give us any issue of 30 seconds. What? Yeah. Wait. Yeah.
Couldn't
I have 22 dogs.
Yeah. I used to
have a cat. He was an american short hair. Yeah. Okay. Uh
He died of old age though.
Mhm. I used to have an american short hair cat. But he died of old age. Yeah.
Are you left alone mafias? Around 20 years old? Yeah. I mean until he got kidney issues. He was just as energetic as a kitten. Yeah.
Good.
Yeah. Mhm. That seems to be pretty much almost all cats that diets usually kidney failure. It is natural honestly. Yeah
it's the same in humans this body get given up the ghost. Well I'm not uh particularly religious but I'd like to hope that I'll see my cat one day again you know? Yes
let's
go.
So yeah. Are any particular religion you subscribe to or?
Um Same here that those uh protestant baptist? My father was a protestant but my mother was catholic actually but uh not much different honestly. Mhm.
We
have
good
and I don't either. It's just Christianity is Christianity. The only difference is I can think it would be uh Jehovah's witnesses and mormons uh mormonism is a little bit different.
Uh Some bits of it
a strange bit now
but
yeah that's unusual.
Fuck
you
mm. I know that they're they're not supposed to eat drink caffeine I believe.
I can't blame him for alcohol. I don't
yeah. Yeah that's one thing I wouldn't complain about disappearing from the world. I mean I know human beings have grown up with alcohol and the millennia but I just never enjoyed it. Okay
okay I don't really drink at all. I do use it for cooking wine. There's liquors like scotch and bourbon are great for me. Uh I didn't ask if you're vegetarian or non open benefit,
this standard Omnivore. Perfect thank you. Uh Let's sleep. Already talked about hobbies uh just running, how to stop to talk about.
Uhh any particular genres you like?
It's possible.
I say I'm pretty much the same every genre I'll find one song at least I like. Yeah
uh progressive rock.
Yeah. Pink Floyd.
Yeah and lately I've taken a liking to opera. Yeah.
Um and I never thought about composers, just individual singers like uh Lucia Pope
Live shop, Hope
Great.
Uh paparazzi. Uh I guess when we're done, just look up the four tenors. You uh know about Lucia Pope is just I believe she was a Slovakian singer. Yeah. Mhm. Any particular musicians or bands that you really love?
conquer
Houston
murder the name before. I wasn't sure about what? Yes.
Yeah.
Agreement.
Mhm. Oh that's quite a way with that, approved. That's over 20 years ago. Uh I guess for me uh lately I've taken a liking to the band called Poets of the Fall.
Uh I'd say hard rock mega life, it's a finished fan, so I'm kind of scared. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh It's hard to think. There's something to talk to you
usually in life you just talk spontaneously and don't have to do anything. Oh, actually started last a half hour.
What?
Have you been Are you kind of reclusive,
understandable?
Thank
you.
I guess I am, yeah. Um Just general cleaning and what? Not always wearing a mask. Not one of those big surgical mask, but just uh standard mask.
The name provided,
but I also have something that I'm safe from my mother.
She travels a lot and has to use them as well. She's an auditor. Mhm. So, she's an essential employee as well. Yeah, I haven't gotten sick thankfully. Uh
Yeah, I mean, I might haven't noticed, but
crack.
Quite a large portion of people have it a symptomatically.
Yeah. I'd say that's kind of an issue of stupidity. Honestly, people going to the beach and whatnot. Mhm.
Okay. Yeah, I mean, me personally, I don't really care about going to the beach because I burned too quickly anyway.
I mean I my family is heavily irish, so we tend to burn very quickly, mm. Mhm.
Yeah. All right.
Mhm.
Yeah, it's a lot of issue of stubbornness and a lot of people who are really adamant about constitutional rights, you know, I mean I understand that actually, but uh this case it's worth kind of waving to the side, I mean as long as no one's coming into the house and demanding me that I wear the mask uh when I go out that's fine, but I don't um what's that? Um Yeah, favorite foods. Mhm.
Yeah,
out
there. Uh huh.
Green
is
perfect.
Oh yeah, I love salmon. Thanks salmon. Yeah.
yes, actually, I mean it's kind of a pain to uh keep on and what not, but that's natural.
Mostly pass
and here in florida, on the east, on the coast. So when it's time you got the red fish as well. Oh,
but really, I'm not really a big fish eater. Just a certain few species. Um, favorites. Obviously fried catfish. For me. It's bad for you though.
Uh You're probably Carolinas. You never had catfish.
No,
listen.
Oh yeah, I forgot you from Long Island. Well, you gotta try fried catfish.
It's good.
Yeah, I didn't think about that. I mean if you got a deep fire, you can always just try something up from the store. But
uh and you get one for like 40 $50 but it's a one later. I believe I recommend peanut peanut oil.
Yeah. Uh other than that foods I enjoy, I love like beer, battered chicken. Really. Well, I, you know, I said I'm not a big fan of alcohol, but for cooking
out.
Yeah, there's no alcohol content left in it, but the yeast gives a
good player. Okay. Yeah. Um I guess one thing uh you said your father was a position if he's a bit overprotective, he might not want to eat fried foods.
Yeah, that's what I was thinking, having a doctor as a parent might uh limit your food uh portions.
Trust
me.
Oh man, as one thing that would be bad for a doctor to do is smoke, it's really hypocritical. All right. I mean, I know firsthand people who smoked all their lives and how bad it makes them. Mhm. I mean personally my family, they said that if I ever started smoking they would be
Okay, well that's in my case, it's my grandmother, that's at it. My grandmother and my mother both smokers. My grandmother said she repeat me with uh with me if I did.
Mhm. Not like a literal whip, like a branch, you know, it's an old fashioned punishment. I mean, I love my grandmother more than anyone else in the world, I don't mean that in a negative way,
I mean, seeing how badly smoking has made her health, I know not to ever do it.
Yeah, well there's no positives about it honestly, I mean I know people do smoke to uh for stress relief but uh it's just not worth it, mm.
I mean even if it's just to try at one time it's instantly effective. Uh huh.
All right.
Yeah. The only person I've ever seen that actually looked cool smother cigarette was the marble man, but he's long gone now. It's any ironically wanting a smoker anyway,
look All right, well, it's uh been 30 minutes now.
All right, nice to meet you.
What? I didn't even ask your name.
It's
that
you
too.