Okay, great. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. All the time, Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Hi.
Mhm. How are you
kind of, So um what have you been up to today
mostly
big
projects
going
on
for
the month?
the day,
yeah. Well uh do you work from
home? Yeah.
that's cool. Um yeah, I'm doing freelance stuff from home and I'm trying to get like a normal full time job from home um because I'm gonna be on the road here in a little bit, so it'd be helpful to not be tied down to a location. The um what do you do at your work?
Let's
Ashman
back
there like.
I am. So is it like um you said curriculum? So is it like on online school
stuff for kids? Is that kind of what it is?
It's actually
all,
Okay. That makes a lot of sense actually. Yeah,
I before I started doing miscellaneous work from home things, I actually um I was in I. T. At a school district for a little over a year and um yeah I got to see how they handled the whole pandemic and everyone not being in school and yeah it's uh it was rough because it was all the kids so it was five years old and up and a lot of the parents were really struggling getting the kids to participate fully in the classes, especially the younger ones because um they provided devices that they weren't used to using um or they weren't working or some people didn't have internet. So it was yeah they had to have like packets printed out for all the kids like last second. So yeah it's been like a really big mess I think for pretty much like all the school districts in the country, it seems like.
Yeah. Yeah. And then we have, we had this like program set up so if kids that were at home had like problems with their devices, they would like schedule appointments and we replaced them when like in a normal school year we were just going to school and like find the kid in one of the classrooms and just be like okay here or something. So it's weird. And then, yeah, there are a lot of parents or kids that got like infected and then so they couldn't come in and it was like
what?
it's
rough.
Yeah, I don't, I don't know. I mean it seems like really any solution isn't going to be perfect. Like even if you take all the kids and just put them back in school like normal, then then either they're exposing everyone constantly or you have to abide by social distancing guidelines, which is extremely hard at larger school districts. And yeah, it's surprisingly they got the little kids to wear masks all the time though like five year olds and 67 Yeah, I was a little surprised by that they do really well wearing their masks. Um and that the one that I worked at least, but
Um Well this prolific. Yeah, I do that and then like amazon mturk I test skills um with my Alexa devices that I have and like google home devices. Um I do online transcription. I'm trying to do online captioning to waiting for my application to come back on that. I do video editing, photo editing, I do like a ton of, a ton of things.
No.
Um
There's
a new game
convention.
Yeah,
they yeah,
they
work.
And yeah,
that's
scary.
That's pretty scary salaries cut. I don't, I guess that was the one thing is like, it was a joke at my work, but everyone would always be like, oh, job security anytime, something like catastrophically failed in our organization. Um so I guess that was the good thing is I never really had to worry too much, but yeah, it was complete chaos before I loved so bad.
Yeah. Yeah, the flexibility is like amazing being able to work from home at least. So, so, um do you have other pets or is that orange cat? You're only
Talk
with
what
and
bring
them inside,
Say,
aye.
But
No.
we've had to do that with like some of my childhood pets, but I don't know if they're like my animals. I don't know if there at that age where they need to have that done. Um I mean he just turned for recently, he's relatively healthy. Um He does have asthma. I don't know if you've ever known a cat
with asthma. I didn't know
that they could even have asthma. Yeah, they, he like if he plays too much, he'll have like a an asthma attack and he can't breathe and you have to calm him down and like come come home, just lay down like breathe
you're
okay and he'll pant. Yeah, it's scary. But um it was funny because I went to the vet to be like, what is going on with him this? I've never had a cat that's done this and they're like, oh well he has asthma so um you can actually buy him an inhaler if you want.
I
don't
know,
it's like a little like um you don't even get like laughing gas and it's like the mask thing, it's like that but for cat's face I'm
like my he'll
run away. There's no way
it will be terrible.
Uh huh. I've
never heard of that before. It was like the weirdest thing ever.
May
I have
sorry
other
than
that.
that's
weird.
He's my first male cat
too and he's like super jumpy like he's terrified of everything.
it was weird but other than him I don't know nova is right here I have a five year old cat um down here she's all black. Um She's evil but I still love her, she's horrible. Um And then I have three dogs that are huge and luckily they're laying down right now because it would be very loud out there if they weren't.
it's a handful. Mhm.
Thank
you.
State
seven.
Well
now.
Yeah it was
it was
hard on them for a while because my husband and I would both be gone like all day and then we get home and I'd be like the first time they've been out in like nine hours or some like in my case like I would be gone like 11 hours a day. And so they were just stuck in here forever and they can they get now they asked me to go outside like about 30 times a day. It's it's crazy but they're a lot happier now than they were whenever I worked full time. So. Yeah.
Yeah. Nova is not biting me as much. Yes.
Sure. Yeah. She's uh she's always been rough like even whenever she was newborn because I actually got the opportunity to meet her mom whenever her mom was pregnant with her and like Oliver littermates. Um even whenever she was like a few days old, she was the first one that left the letter to go explore the house that she was born in. And she um I think like the right when she got old enough to be able to jump on top of counters, she like opened up like packages of meat that were left out to be able to like saw and she was just like separate them and eat the raw meat. Like dude, I don't even understand that. I've never they're both special in their own their own ways. That's crazy.
well, I'm happy I have all these Alexis because I'll be like in one room, but I guess it okay for my animal to eat this
like please. Yeah, that's
scary.
My sister,
she
was on.
It's
well.
I don't know if I had, it's probably if I didn't have my dogs, I would probably have way more cats. I'm totally a cat lady. Like it's bad. But it's an addiction.
They're
just so amazing. I just
Mm
Just keep every single one. Uh huh. You mentioned that um you used to live in the midwest. I actually
live in like rural Missouri. I don't know if it was anywhere near that, but
I didn't even know Wisconsin was part of the midwest. For
some reason.
I thought it was like the middle part of the country and then it was everything else.
Somewhere.
I don't know. I mean it's all kind of the same in different ways I guess.
Find
that
people
Hello
even.
But
I find
that
like
the people
who
what,
you know.
Yeah. It is.
It's
so hard. Well it's weird because I grew up in a city kind of like about an hour away from where I live now and I lived there until I became an adult. Um And then I was like, I really just want to live in the country. Like I can't deal with like the congestion and the noise and people not knowing how to drive in my, in my hometown. Like it's bad there. Um And so I was like, I just really want to move to the country. So I did um two years ago whenever I got married to my husband, we moved out here and it's the town of like 300 people. So it's like very small. Um And it was weird adjusting to it like extremely weird. I thought it would be like amazing, like right off the bat. And I was like, people were like, who are you? Why are you in our town like? And I was like, sorry.
Yeah, well now they know, so it's fine. But it was weird. Like we have the only business we have in our entire town is an old church that was converted into a bar and pool hall. So that's
kind
of unique. Yeah. And we have a rundown gas station that no one owns that. I really want them to open because I have to drive 20 minutes to get gas. So I'm really into that idea. But yeah, I don't know. I mean whenever I was little, I would just ride my bike down the street like a few minutes and I'll be able to go get pizza. It's totally different environment.
What
I
heard.
Meanwhile
my mom.
Bye.
It has
been
voted
for us. Yeah.
I got. Uh
It's an experience though.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I don't know kind of got that. But like um I lived off of like the major highway that went through my city that I grew up in. Um and like I wasn't allowed to cross it at all because they they until recently there were no like crosswalks or um like the little signs that you press the button and it'll stop traffic. There was nothing there. There are no sidewalks either. Which is weird because there's like 400,000 people are something that live in the city.
It's odd. But yeah, so I I could only do things if they were like in a certain area near my house. Uh It was interesting for sure. It's kind of boring. Had to stay in my neighborhood, luckily we had a park in the neighborhood, but
Yeah. I don't, I mean I had video games and cable, but I didn't really, I didn't really watch tv like at all. I'm totally fine without having cable just because I'm just not used to really relying on it for any reason. Like I have a Youtube. I don't know why I would need cable, just how I am
normally. Okay.
Work
for a while.
hum.
All
And then,
yeah, I did the same thing. I bought cable whenever I lived in like a bigger city than that and I was like, oh cool. And get National Geographic. And then I watched like two days worth of it and I was like, I'm
just wasting money on this like Mhm
That's
why.
Mhm.
Uh huh.
It's Yeah.
I don't,
I don't, yeah, I don't know like any actors really unless they were in one of my favorite
movies. That's the only way to ever know them. I barely know he was, I don't know any, I'm the same. I don't know any like modern tv shows that are out right now. I do know like nineties Nickelodeon because that was when I actually wanted to watch tv. But yeah, when I already hit like 10 I was like,
I don't need to watch this anymore.
Too sophisticated.
that
was good. That was good. But you can like look up. I'm pretty sure they have like compilations of like the funniest double Dare moments on Youtube.
So yeah.
Yeah. So
uh mm
I guess do you have any like besides trivia? Any like other hobbies maybe?
Petting cheddar?
there's probably trails out near you, aren't there? Yeah.
Without
having
Yeah, I would have to drive like probably two hours to get to anywhere where I could legitimately hike. Otherwise it's just walking up like slight inclines. It's pretty much welcome
to
Missouri.
I don't know. I play a lot of video games. Um I used to draw a lot, but I kind of stopped like editing videos and pictures, but spending time with my animals driving. I do love driving like a lot. Um we're actually going to Nebraska uh tonight actually. So yeah, we're picking up a school bus, which might sound crazy, but we're gonna, I don't know if you've seen any of those videos where people convert the school buses into like, yeah, that's what we're going to be doing. So it's huge monuments we like just won the auction I think like yesterday at some point and it was the most nerve wracking day ever. Um But yeah, we're going to be going to go get that so
Hey.
man.
He
adds,
yeah, it's going to be like permanent for we're thinking like at least three years. It seems like what most people are doing is like about three years and then they either get a different bus and redo it or they they found a place they liked while they were traveling and then they end up staying there and then just using the bus temporarily. I don't know yet about like where will be. But our main problem was that we couldn't decide like where we wanted to live because we know we don't want to be here in Missouri forever. It's just I don't know I feel like most people that grew up here are like I do not want to be here for the rest of my life. Um So I don't know I mean I really like had a thing for like Wyoming I don't know why I'm like into it. Um The only problem is I don't know how the internet is there.
I mean
yeah we can just go see if it's nice if we I mean if it's if it's nice for us like if it fits us you know that was kind of like the idea go around all the states so we can actually see the entire country. Yes
Yeah I really would like to see Canada of course their border is not open right now but
hopefully this is soon
part of that.
Mr
you
know.
Part
of
it.
Well
that's really cool. Yeah I'm very excited. We already bought a four G. Modem so it's like a little like you can actually just connect a normal router to it so you can have your own little network in your bus but it's powered by cell signals so that's I'm excited to get that working. Um Yeah I know the only problem is they've kind of changed the way that those plans work recently. They used to be like fully unlimited data even with the hotspots. Um And they for some reason it seems like all the cell providers kind of decided they want to just charge everyone a lot of money and
introduce like over ridge fees and everything so unfortunately we won't have unlimited data but yeah
it's whatever
you
with
it.
Yeah. Yeah I don't, my main concern is like if I'm going to be editing videos, um I
don't know how fast they'll hit 100 gigs
of
data.
Yeah,
that would be, that would be the main concern. Although
yeah, most of the stuff I do like for fun is offline. Like I don't really play games with other people. I just do it just for me. I'm not, not like, oh we'll play card with all these people. I'm just
Yeah, true. I guess. Yeah, that is an option.
it's
yeah, we've already sold two of our motorcycles,
we sold my truck, which I'm still sad about but it had to happen. Um Yeah, we're still, we're gonna sell like pretty much all of our stuff. I am keeping this. So I have a desktop that's about this tall and I'm gonna figure out a way to get that in the bus so it doesn't fall over and I can actually use it.
Yeah, I can't I can't do
that on a laptop at all. Even if I got an external monitor, I don't know if that would be able to run the software properly. Mhm.
let's
do
it
with your timeline
for like, really?
I've heard some people get it done and like four months and I've heard some people get it done eight months to a year, so I'm not entirely sure. But we're thinking like a year max that will be
ready and done. Um
Hopefully if we actually like for backs into it a little bit, we'll be able to get it done before, then I'm hoping because I'm ready to leave.
It's
so exciting.
Yeah, true. Like no one's going to be like, why don't you hang out with me
because you probably have Covid? That's why.
Well, um I think we, I think we might have hit our limit like our little time
thing
of course,
and I accidentally hit next. I can't see the counter at the bottom of the page.
There is a little one down there. I don't know does this say it's over 25?
It should be like a little, I don't know how to describe it. I
don't know what the word is.
I like on the um on the on online
survey software page. Oh,
okay.
Okay.
Well it was really
nice. Yeah, it was really nice talking to you.
Thanks.
fun with cheddar. Okay.