Hi,
Good. How are you?
mostly
working. Have a big
project
going
on
and so about
for the month
of october. So we're two months in. I've spent most of the day
sending out emails to everybody with like updates on how it's going.
What?
yeah, which is really nice. How about you?
I work for a nonprofit and I run a, some program for youth. So this is my catch.
He doesn't
like,
no,
he doesn't like not being the center of attention. Um, but yeah, so I run a stem program that we developed curriculum all year round and like get all the, you know, get all of the pieces and the parts put it together in a box and then sell it and then october is when everybody is supposed to like open the box and do the thing. So that's what we're doing in october is like everybody's doing all the activities and chatting about it and talking about it. Yeah.
Or
it's actually
all,
most of it is offline because we know that a lot of kids don't have access to internet, so it's teaching kids stem activities with like everything they need in the box. So we have like four activities that teach them different stuff.
Okay.
Yeah, I bet like the teachers to, that sucks to also have to be sort of like tech support when you may not have any idea what, what is wrong?
It seems like that hot mass. Well,
it doesn't seem good for anybody either. Like parents, teachers, students like, right,
I
don't know what, I don't know what a better solution is, but it doesn't seem to be working for anybody either,
what kind of freelance work are you doing now, then?
Yeah, I've been trying to do a little bit of everything to like at work, we got um non
profit, so um
half of our business is
meetings
and hospitality, we have like a big
convention center and so you know we've cancelled like all events for 2021 had to give everybody all their money back. So they've been, it's been like a struggle
and they
they
like
cut hours and have been cutting salaries and stuff like that, so yeah, it's like anything I can do to
make a little
bit
more.
Mhm. Yeah, I mean it's just nice to have like other things going.
just cheddar, he has plenty um I've had him for like four years um That was the other thing is that like I took him to his annual in May um and they're doing the thing where they're like drop off
your pets
on the sidewalk and welcome pick them up
and
bring
them inside
because like they're not allowing people inside. Um and so they,
I live
in a bigger city, so they're pretty strict about like masks and what businesses can be open and stuff like that. But
he had to get like six of his teeth cold so they had to do surgery,
take some of his teeth and I, I feel really bad.
long.
No,
thank
you.
How do
you get him to do
it
though?
Lie
on.
But
what? Yeah.
No,
I
don't
know. I
just
a I've
only
ever had mail. Oh, female cats growing up chatters. My first male and I find that he's really like skittish about things, so
I
don't know
one.
So trying to like do inhaler on him.
That's awesome. Yeah.
Yeah. I wish I could
have
a dog, but I just don't have like the space
or the
time to take care of. Well, yes,
now I'm
working from home, but usually I don't have the time to take, I'm never home, so I wouldn't want to,
we want
to be then.
I find that by all pets are super happy that maybe like a really bad transition when we all go back to work again. Yeah.
resign.
Does that feel like google can my cat eat with the shape?
No.
But
it's just my sister
has
she lives on
farm in my home thing in the midwest and they've had waltz won mama cat actually, but they've had two litters within
like three months. So
she's been raising kittens with my nephews or two. I'm a little jealous. But, but it's been a handful.
I know I
am.
You see the kittens and you're like, oh, but like I thought of fostering right? And
I'm like, I can't because I want to keep them, so
Well,
yeah. Rural Wisconsin. So sure.
I
know.
I mean a great Lakes region. I guess it could also be a bit like, since it, I guess it's an, it, it's middle.
I don't know, flyover state per usual,
It is Like, I live on the east coast now. When do you see? And I find that um, I find
the ionic
if people
didn't grow up rural,
well, even
rural here is different than rural obviously in like flyover states. But I
find
that like
if
people
didn't really
grow up
in the country, like
they just have like no idea like I don't know about, I don't know I think of like the opportunities of like growing up in a city but then also the niceness of growing up in a smaller town and like everybody knows each other and you can go play outside for like miles and miles. Like I would go biking for like miles and miles and miles around my house. Um So it's just like super different and it's I don't know,
I feel like I can understand one way but like it's hard to get people who live in cities to understand the opposite way unless
they live there.
Yeah. What are you here for? Yeah.
Claim
the throne.
Yeah. I always just kind of jealous of that growing up, but
at the same time like, like I
remember
my, you
know my mom
is working all day and I'm literally like biking to a friend's house like five miles
away and nobody cares and
nobody
is
around,
like, I've gone all day long and we're remember one time like we we lived in a little neighborhood in the country, but it was house, it was more of a neighborhood because it was on the water was on a river. Um There were more houses there, so there was a little park, and I remember we got it, I was like eight, right? And so we got it in our heads, it would be a really great idea to build a fort. And so we literally got like, hammers and nails and like sticks and wood and started building a fort until one of the there's like a neighbor that lived on the park that ran over and just like what are you doing? And we're like something before it like, like there are literally no adults, right? Uh We're like um and we're like, we see we think this is a great idea. We're building a clubhouse. And she's like, that's like it's like not your land, it's like your public land. You can't you can't just be like hammering in the trees. So
and so we ended up getting in trouble with our family. But
but things like that where you're just like left to your own devices for hours on end and it was kind of nice.
And
I mean, Yeah, I mean that's what I did, but mostly outdoor stuff because like we didn't have cable, we didn't have like video games, like nothing to keep me inside other than reading or something. Yeah. I don't know. Okay.
I didn't start really watching tv until Nazi. I did college and then I lived until like
grad school. Like I did like I lived and worked
for a while
and lived on my own
and that's when I got platelets literally
the first time in my life I go out and cable and then
I immediately got rid of it because I'm like why do I need this if I have netflix?
get them out.
You're like, I have internet. It seems fine. All my friends,
we always
talk about all these tv shows or like we we play trivia. Um Pub.
Well I guess we used to before quarantine uh but
we played trivia
so they know like all of this pop culture stuff. I'm like I couldn't tell you what was on Nickelodeon in 19 nineties or like I don't like some you know T. V. Shows or like what actors are under tv shows and like I
have never seen that and I don't know.
Well
I know
well I'm too old for that's.
Yeah. Yeah I guess I watched something like Double Dare and like things like that but
you
I don't know.
So we'll see it. Yeah. Yeah. Oh
yeah.
All right.
Not right now. Uh huh.
Yeah. I mean I read a lot of books and I go hiking because I can do that by myself. Um I don't know. No.
I actually go in Rock Creek Park which is like right in the city so you can get some pretty good even like like rock scramble style hiking if you really wanted to. Um Without
having
to go anywhere because I also I have a car but I don't like driving if it's like hours and hours away.
or like
I
think of like the wooded path with you know like wood chips and the state park, like going for a hike but you're yeah, what do you like to do in your free time?
are you going to be planning to do that for like vacations and fun? Are you
going to plan to like live
in the bus for
like
longer term?
Yeah, I mean you think you'll find out that's like the beauty
of it.
or even like get up into Canada and and do the same
someday.
I have I have a friend that like quit her job here and bought a van
and outfitted and it's just live in the van life and she
loves it with her dog and she loves it. Um and you can, you
know, it's
like you get your hotspot from your phone or whatever your life by and she does a remote work and then goes into town whenever she needs her supplies. But other than that, like goes to like, like her photos on instagram are always just gorgeous of like all
the state
parks.
She's, she's seen almost every, I think lower 48 states
so far.
What?
Yeah,
I mean,
you'll
find
other thing. I mean, I think it's like so many other things than once you're like in these beautiful locations to do.
Man,
like
uploading
and stuff. Yeah.
Yeah,
that's your um
I was thinking too, like someday when quarantine is over, you can go to like the local towns or whatever and find like the library why? You know, it's like you can find like wired internet somewhere if you need it to. Hopefully let them let them upload all of your videos
of something. Mhm Yeah, that sounds fun and I'm a little jealous. I'd love to like sell it, sell everything
and just go away.
two.
I mean that's important for video editing to be able to meet like have your big screen.
Well,
Yeah. What's your,
what's
your
timeline
for like
bus retrofitted and
But
But
I know right.
Well. And it's a perfect
time to like go and be away from people. So
I know.
Well why don't you get a real job in an office because they aren't running wow, mm,
I think
so. Or close
to it anyway.
Oh, I didn't even know there was work.
I don't think mine has the counter,
No.
Yeah. Like I don't see, I see like a little drop down menu where I can mute and then I scroll all the way to the bottom and I just my video,
art
oh four.
I see. Yeah. Cool.
We did it. Oh well.
chatting.
Yeah. Good luck. That sounds
good Farmer. Okay.
but