Hello?
Wait.
Still.
Hi I'm Alex
I'm from Maryland. Yeah. How about you? Yeah
Cool. You like $3 $15
Mhm. Does not have you tried to do it before?
and
what do you teach?
interesting.
Yeah I'm a college student I don't know how obvious that seems but yeah so I'm going to my junior year. Yeah yeah yeah.
Computer science and uh yeah so I'm just back from school right now. I don't know if you can tell them in a siblings room while
I'm home now. I'm not a weirdo. I don't watch I don't keep he pictures of Children's movie characters online. Oh but
uh right now I'm making a video game so that's pretty cool. Yeah
it's pretty cool and other than that you know it's just whatever I got to do for school for projects and stuff.
Mhm. Uh a software engineer. So somebody who's you know yeah working on software.
What was that?
yeah. Yeah. I mean uh I think eventually I want to teach be a teacher but I definitely want to get that that that industry money before I yeah,
like a
teacher.
Yeah.
The video game, it's in the C. Sharp. Yeah that's the scripting language. Uh But it's more than just programming and it's just it's it's knowing how to yeah pretty much click a bunch of boxes and stuff and it's also involves graphic design as well because you know, I got to make their own art for my game and everything. And also there's the whole musical side of producing music to go along with it everything, you know, sound effects, actual
something.
Yeah. Uh Yeah my name is actually uh two d. So it's like a bit so it's easier and it's not easier because with like something like a three D. Game you could uh model it and make the animations with like a three D. Model which is kind of just which is easier Sort of easier than two d. Where it's like you got a paint you know a picture for every frame of the animation so it's pretty rigorous but yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. Um I made my own computer when I was in like 7th grade. Uh So ever since then you know you've really really been into computers and just uh techie stuff. So I've and then I took programming when I was in high school so it was uh ever since it was pretty cool you know it's problem solving.
You
know what
I think my first very first class was C. Plus Plus and then for the rest of high school it was job and then I went back to C. Plus Plus and I was in college. Yeah and uh yeah functionally C. Plus Plus is pretty cool for like beginner stuff but then Jabba's like the whole object oriented programming and uh but C. Plus Plus is it was kind of cool to come back to it because I sort of remember the stuff and then at the same time it's it's a lot more hands on than drug buys.
yep.
I've been expanding my vinyl collection. Yeah I collect vinyl. It's pretty cool. Uh.
Yeah. Yeah. It's funny that's funny you say that though because I have one class next semester which will be in person, like its hybrid, so it's not fully in person, it's not fully online and that is a computer computer science class. So yeah, and because of that, I'm going to be guaranteed housing or something like that because I haven't actually have a course because I know some people who everything is online for them. But yeah, it's a it's all a big question mark still really because anything could happen. Mhm,
Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. I uh I was just in Rehobeth for a few days, robert beach and yeah, I was I was able to go to a beach that was kind of far from the boardwalk, so there wasn't there wasn't really anybody on it. So that was pretty cool. But you know, I was walking along the beach and stuff and the beaches that were like on the actual boardwalk, we're just jam packed with people. Like it was normal Rehobeth people weren't wearing masks, it was great. Yeah, it's on the actual boardwalk people were wearing masks. It was just like on the beach though where everyone's so condensed it's like they're not they don't have to do so they don't Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Born and raised in Maryland.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah
I can't wait to leave it. Yeah. Yeah
No no idea. Oh the idea is once I'm actually working uh every few years will probably change it up. I won't uh yeah I want to live anywhere for too long until I actually settled down. But Yeah.
Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah. Uh huh. Have you been doing much are you quarantined?
it is for
Right. Yeah for my my school its they're using their own thing on blackboard instead of zoom, but yeah, you know people don't they don't talk
as much and I know I don't want to talk as much because it's just like when you're in the classroom you can you can feel the room out, you know, you see everybody in the room and you can sort of gauge how to act but you know, and then the zoom type setting, it's like you don't know who's watching, you know, you don't know, it's just you're just speaking to
and then now my my I'm taking a summer class and uh my professor is facilitating it through Youtube so he's streaming on Youtube instead of you know what's doing, like a zoom thing,
yeah, so he'll he'll lecture, he'll have his face cam up with whatever, you know, slideshow, he's going over today and then we're able to ask him questions and the uh the stream chat. Yeah.
So
yeah. Pretty cool. None of us have to, you know, be in there with a video camera or whatever. And then on top of that youtube will process the video, you know after this dream is over. So we have access to the full the full lecture as soon
as it's a
so there's like a there's a chat chat box next to the stream so
like when you're
watching.
It's discrete structures. It's a computer science class, like computer science math classes, like proving stuff with. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm a longer
than smartphones. That's my my
line.
Did you get an iphone or an android?
Which android?
I
wouldn't
spend
I wouldn't
spend
more than 500.
Yeah. That's what apple. They just they just released their new budget phone which is like $400 And it has like the most powerful processor in it. It's like a pretty powerful phone for being 400 because they are now like $1,000 phones. And I bought my used iPhone eight plus for 400 last summer. So it's like a phone that's like pretty much four years ahead in turn like technology wise is the same price and it's brand new instead of be buying it like refurbished. Okay. Yeah, it moves quick. Everything everything is pretty incremental. So it's like a few years later and you already have outdated stuff.
I had the data, the data science stuff.
Yeah, collect vinyl. I'm
I'm a musician. I used to play percussion so I uh I can play drums. I can play tympani uh like mallet instruments I can play.
Yeah I'm a judge drummer. I love rock and metal and stuff but I'm not good at that. I'm gonna dress.
No no there isn't there isn't. I've seen a lot of videos of people doing their online concerts and stuff but other than that.
Yeah I wouldn't go to anything and that's
that's when something's going to happen.
it's it's it's a pretty big damper on the mood.
Yeah. Do you do you play any instruments yourself? Yeah.
That's cool.
Three.
Hey. That's awesome. What's his name?
Zeke.
Just
can
they speak?
Is that something I guess he learned from the previous
owners?
that's great. Yeah. You
got
bird? Yeah.
What kind of
farm did you grow up on? Mhm.
No.
Right. Get out.
that's cool.
You know what? Well, no, so you're a teacher of, you said psychology. And are you doing, you're you're doing your research on advancing college students? Mhm.
Not
So
far
it's not her
keeper.
So
we
can put back.
Right.
But you don't know what they're going to
find when they go in.
Well,
like continuously, or like
that
be having to do with the legal age, or is it really just kind of like a culture type thing? Yeah.
I'm here,
Mhm.
yeah,
I'm gonna be taking uh to campsite classes and then I'm taking calculus to, and Physics too, so
what was that?
how did I get into it?
no, I think that's
actually
some class differential equations. Um I think right now it's, it's a big because we just finished um anti derivatives and stuff like that, so
it's,
yeah, I think it's gonna
be stuff like that, uh summations and all that. Like I think it's, it's gonna, it gets cooked, goes pretty deep into into girls and stuff pretty much.
I'm really afraid about my my physics class because it's it's pretty challenging. Yeah,
I
got
to
be last semester, but uh I think coronavirus turning everything online helped me a lot with that. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah, Yeah, I find it was kind of funny because this I just kind of got really how to take classes in college this last semester. So I was utilizing a lot of the resources for each of my classes that I had you know like going into office hours and going and actually getting getting the help which actually was helping me a lot. Uh But then now that everything has been turned back where everything is online now it's like you know I can't go into the to the to like study group you know thing that's like, mhm. Yeah it's like I I kind of lost those resources but at the same time now I can google anything whatever. So it's like
felt
it
the first
time
I took calculus I took it twice. I uh I was on the verge between A C. And A. D. And I'm not a very good high stakes test taker so I failed the final And
just
you know that one test decided if I passed or not so I didn't pass and I took it again and east it so I guess that's
that's better than me
passing
with the sea because I wouldn't
have taken it again. But.
Mhm. Yeah I had a teacher once when I was in high school and he was like this PhD guy who went to caltech and he uh he told us because he was teaching a class called honors matter and Energy so it was just kind of like uh you know of course on those like a scientific ideas and it was like pretty physics sort of and he kind of told us with some aspects of the class he was just like yeah I don't like don't ask me for help because I can't help you. He's like this this is literally like breathing for me. Like it's just I'm so bad at explaining it. Like I will give you all the other teachers that can help you. But it's just like if you can't get this, I can't help you because it's it's just it's like breathing for me. Like I can't teach you how to breathe.
Yeah. He was a great teacher though, so he was
but
it was
just like on the real basic kind of rudimentary stuff. Like he couldn't he just said he couldn't help because he just knows he's not good at it because it's just like it's hard for him. I don't know.
He listened to you. You know like he was he was empathetic, you know? Like he he taught the class and you know, it's not like you would never answer questions, but it was like more on the mathematical side. Like if you if you were kind of lagging behind in that like you he was just like I'm not the person to go to for that, you know? So yeah. Mhm.
get
Mhm.
Oh yeah, yeah, I just finished my spanish track thing for my school, so I uh took four years of it middle school in high school of spanish.
So I was I took the equivalent of like Spanish three I guess once I got to college, so I had to take the Spanish 4 to finish the language requirement,
it's it's pretty uh I'm a little bit hispanic myself, so it's it was kind of like, you know cool like and learn this language to relate to uh some of my family members. Yeah.
Do you know any other languages? Yeah.
So maybe you do
have a geometric brain.
What?
No.
Uh huh.
I have not, no, I have not left this country except for Niagara Falls, which I don't really count. Yeah.
Yeah, I was like three years old though, I remember. Yeah. Uh
I'm more italian than I am hispanic though, so I think I'd probably want to go to Italy first. I was going to go
out of the country.
I think, I think it's Southern Italy, which is where my family is from. Apparently I have relatives, you own a restaurant and stuff, but they don't speak any english. So it's kind of like, you know, I haven't never speaking to them, but we just know they exist somewhere.
All right. Well, it looks like it's been 30 minutes.
have.
Mhm.
All right.
Nice to meet you.