Thank you. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. All right. Yeah, mm
I moved here
so I guess we're starting to see if I'm reading the directions here. So now we've started the conversation. So
do you do in your page? Uh huh. Do not move on to the next page until you opened whether your Children and new things, so I guess were you there? Okay. And that's just going to be follow up questions. So hello, I'm Phil how are you
Alex? Where are you from?
right now Columbia Missouri middle of the steak. They're halfway between ST louis and Kansas city.
Uh huh. I guess so actually I teach so I'm kind of doing this to get an idea for what studies are looking like and what the format is. Mhm. It's educational. Plus you get to meet a few people I guess. This is one of the few that actually, have you talked to somebody?
I did it palm I a few months ago chatted with a guy from South Dakota and that lasted about 15 minutes until his Internet broke
up. But it's it seemed nice. He seemed like a nice chap.
Well I'm in the psychology department but I teach statistics launched to no data basically. Okay. Looking at mostly college students and how they change from freshman to senior and after that. What
about yourself?
What are you studying?
All
So what do you do inside a computer science?
No.
What do you want to be when you grow up?
The only one to corporate then
you're going to go into corporate because you're not going to be an engineering in education.
I used
to be
in data processing and yeah, I mean the only reason I went back into academia is I got kind of tired of Blocking out my time in 15 minute increments. But you know that was that was back in the day like 1984. So life is hopefully changed a bit now. Right. So
what are you programming this in?
These are
like wire wire frame things.
Mhm
wow.
So what drew you into the computer stuff,
So they
start
you out with like C. Plus plus or what?
Hm. Oh. Mhm interesting, mm.
So what are you doing in this pandemic time? I mean yeah.
So our class is going to be online for you. I mean I imagine that's the stereotype that if anything computer stuff can be online.
Yeah. My daughter is a graduate student at Penn State and she called like at 9:30 last night, thoroughly upset because evidently the arts festival in Penn State was cancelled, but people still came back to basically drink and it was college students and their parents, you know, and no masks, no nothing. She was just livid.
So have you been there your whole life? No, I mean where you are now? Really? Okay.
And at least one brother you say? Mhm.
Cross. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. Are you going to stay on the coat? I used to go somewhere you're going to travel more than that.
At the beginning of your career in computer science, you won't have a lot of choices. Yeah, you will be moving. Uh huh. Oh,
well,
Well, I am 64. Yeah, I've been quarantining since March here. I taught online and it sort of worked out. I mean honestly I joke with my family that you know when you teach kindergartners, you can't get them to shut up and there's something that happens when you're talking with college students there really quiet and all the things I do in person I can't do online because in person I can walk up to someone, I can bend over, I can kind of look down and smile and nod my head. You can see something and they do it eventually. But you know here I've got like oh 2030 people on zoom and none of them turned their cameras on and I feel bad making them turn their cameras on because maybe, you know, they're embarrassed about what their houses look like or God knows what I mean. Maybe they're checking out, you know,
facebook or instagram or God knows what or Tic tac and you know, if it's in person then your masked and they can't see you smile and you can't really pick up their nonverbal so it's, it's kind of a deal. It's going to be interesting to see what the fall brings, but it's a challenge.
No.
it's very cold. I mean uh huh we used to have black board I think we're doing canvas now. So yet another new thing for an old dog to learn, but it can be done. Uh huh
So just the lectures.
Hadn't thought
of doing that. Uh huh
So
how are the people asking questions if I mean? So there how are they doing that?
inside
of Youtube.
So they're chatting in real time? Okay. Yeah. All right, well that's doable. What was the class?
Uh
huh.
Life is changing. No, I mean I'm older, I'm older than computer cards. That's how old I am. So
But
no
yeah, I'm still trying to figure out everything I can do. I can do just enough to get myself into trouble. Had a flip phone for the longest time, but finally made the made the jump this year.
android
Samsung. So a us one because you know at
this
point
in my life, yeah.
This is
some
this is serious coin these days I was leaving, but
It's true. Yeah. Kind of the same with the software that I work with, lot of the software in my area is going into our and you know, python but yeah. Yeah.
So do you have any hobbies?
Alright. The final. Yeah.
My son's into drumming too. Uh huh. Mhm.
Yeah. Aren't many opportunities to perform these days is there?
Yeah I've got a friend who's in a in the Berkeley school you know um you know there's a before in the before times he was always doing clubs and so forth at night also into jazz but well now there's nothing I mean and doesn't look like there's going to be for the foreseeable future.
Well
and even like restaurants I mean they have them open here with people massed and socially distance like this is not fun for me I mean hell
well curbside pick up something and go to a park but
piano recorder that's pretty much yet I've got a whole bunch of recorders. Uh huh.
Well used to be serious and piano but having kids You know and 30 years later you know it's pretty rusty by now. But but yeah it's
relaxing. I have a pet. I don't know if you can see him. He's a little shy as a con, your
Zeke. He
thinks he is a macaw so he's not exactly friendly. I see all these videos of you know, little cuddle bug conyers and now he's not that way. The owner
who had him was basically some college student gave it to a teenage girl and she could only think of making him fight with little toy dinosaurs. So I've got to get him kind of hands socialist now too. You don't need to attack everything. That's an interaction with people. It's okay. He's fun. His
company.
Oh uh he can say wanker really clearly and distinctly only bites you on the ear. Uh
I
must be, I mean they pick up words that happened when something exciting happens. So that must have been somebody's reaction to getting bit. But
I
live out here.
I live out here and about '00 15 acres of woods so I can sort of indulge my fantasies of how it was when I was a kid growing up in the farm. So it's a little different.
And
I grew up in a little town in northeast Iowa Strawberry Point population 1300, mostly
mixed
dirac pigs, short horn heifers, picks chickens, geese, that kind of stuff. Uh, and we heated the house with wood. It was a Greek Revival house built around 1840, um, had a marble fireplace in every room and a fountain in the kitchen. Uh uh, was basically bought by, built by some guy from England who came to the midwest to make his fortune and they speculated ahead of the Continental Railroad, which is how they made their money, none of which passed down to me. But there was a lot of Civil War history in the place,
good place to have a feral childhood as my wife refers to it. No one supervising you.
Well,
I've done intellectual development and college students because for better or worse, a lot of high school students come in thinking there's a single right answer to everything and
the teacher
knows it.
in
college you learn that's not so and how do you think more complexly more recently, I've been doing a lot
of work on
substance
abuse and alcohol and risky sex and all those other choices you make when you're a young person. Uh, currently
my grant money is from the National Institutes of Health and we're looking at alcohol and personality
and
how alcohol is related to other things. And long story short, there's an awful lot of the unexamined life that happens in the undergraduate years. And then alcohol use drops off a lot after the undergraduate years for a lot of people, for a small number of people, there's still a significant problem, like we've got A few people, I'd say about 2% here who report spitting up blood in the morning, you
know, that's generally
that's their morning because it tells you that they're drinking so much hard alcohol that their scarring the esophagus and that's usually something you see in a hardcore alcoholic, but it happens, I mean, especially
in Missouri,
I don't know, it's like where you're at, but yeah, the legal age er is 21, but nobody waits
that and they don't come to us from high school alcohol naive either. Yeah,
there was, I mean we kind of keep track of For men, how often do they drink five or more drinks in a sitting? And how often do they drink? 12 or more? So those are regular consumption of five or more drinks in a sitting is Kind of got similar to trot that that's going to be harmful. And 12 is certainly enough alcohol that we can't ethically administer it in the lab. So we had kind of a fun study, we got people's birthdays from the registrar and then contacted people Just by accident right before their 21st birthday and put them in an MRI and then after their 21st birthday and reassess them Basically because there is this habit of 21 drinks on your 21st birthday, and again, you can't certainly can't give that much alcoholic people. Uh And we also work with the local bars and found out that there are also short shotting the kids, so they're not getting 21 drinks, but but still it's a lot of alcohol. All right.
So, so what are you taking this here? The fall?
So what does the calculus get into?
What does the calculus get into? I mean how deep do you get into it?
How deep do they get in like differential equations or
have
already had?
It'll be
multi vari multi variable integration and the chain rule and that kind of stuff. Okay.
All
And convergence. Yeah. Okay. Well, that won't be too deadly. Yeah.
What did they
do
in
physic?
Well, you know, a lot of these classes are not taught, well, I mean In the course of my life have had 36 statistics classes and I think fewer than five were taught oil, you know?
Yeah, there's that, I mean I remember for a lot of the students in stat you have to kind of have calculus as a pre rec and you know some of them had a bad class and some of them have forgotten everything. And there was this book called How to Ace calculus, little paperback book and almost comic book and format. It was really pretty helpful. I was surprised. It seems to check it out, see
if I
can
find
it.
I know what that feels
like.
Well,
you
know,
great.
I have this armchair theory that people kind of might have algebra brains or they might have geometry brains and I really got an algebra. Brain geometry was a lot harder for me. And the people I was tutoring in algebra helped me out when we went to advanced geometry it's like and they kept I kept saying how do you know that? Well it's just so easy you can see it like okay.
real lady.
What
made him
good?
So what was about it that made him a good teacher?
I mean some people seem to think it's like baseball, I pitch and you catch and if you can't catch it well that's your problem is I pitched it it's like wow
that isn't how it works. All right. Huh.
So do you ever do like foreign languages or
good for you? Good.
good for you. A lot of people avoid languages. Oh
Yeah. Yeah.
english is my second language. I grew up speaking german my mother was a war bride and my son we adopted from china. So I'm trying to do mandarin. Uh paradoxically learning the characters and reading, it's easier than learning how to speak. So the characters are really kind of fun because they're all basically pictures and you just have to learn how the picture gets made. And very frequently there's a little story behind each character. But
the
maybe. Well,
I mean I like stories and if you can tell me the story like love puts together the characters for heart and someone walking and carrying. So you're carrying your heart for someone that's kind of nice. Those are yes, Like conflict is two women underneath one roof. It's kind of a another interesting story. So those things are kind of nice. But so and like for family it's the character for a pig and a roof because
evidently if you're a family, you at least have one pig. All right,
well, so have you traveled to south America Central America then or is that in the future?
Well that's pretty. I mean the Canadian side is wonderful.
Yeah.
What
what part of Italy?
Well, at least it's another romance language. I mean it's not as hard as picking up something completely different. I think you'd like that. I mean what when comes the day americans are allowed to travel there? You should consider it there. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah.
We can do that. Sure you got stuff to do. So how do we end this thing? Oh
no, no, no. How was the technical quality of your chat? No issues. The quality was good. How many minutes did we have a chat? Oh what was it? About 30 minutes? I yes. All right.
All right. Uh huh. All right. And okay. So we're just doing the rest of these things so we should close this chat now or
Alright. Pleasure to meet you. Take care.
Maybe that's all right. Take care.