Uh huh. Sit down, go Whoa. Okay, sit down. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Whoa. Then you sit down, sit down set. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah, many sit down. Sweet girl. Sit, is it a girl? Mhm. You okay boss? Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah, sit down guys, please sit, sit down, guys. Okay. I'm gonna have to go upstairs. Hello? Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm.
Recording
I can see.
Maybe I've got my computer and it's
Okay,
that's okay. Yeah. What's your name?
I'm Elizabeth, nice to meet
you.
What are you?
Yeah, I can hear you good.
Okay. I can I can't see you but I can hear you good. Right.
Uh Can you
That's weird. I don't know why. Yeah.
Yeah. Maybe where,
where are you
from?
I guess. Where are you?
Oh wow. I love
Arizona.
Well, yeah, I've been what? Well, I rafted the Grand Canyon, but I spent some time and flag stuff.
Yes. I haven't been to Tucson but just flag stuff and it was amazing. I nearly moved out there for university because I liked it. So. But
it's
I need to I want to go back. I want to come over to the west coast and see some more national parks. There has been,
I'm in Georgia right now.
But
the
U. S. State. Yeah. I'm enjoying, I grew up in England. Where are you originally from?
Are that really cold winters? Don't they?
I know. I don't think I've ever been to michigan. I can think of. So how did you get from michigan to Arizona?
let's
get,
wait
did
you say you walked from California to Oregon? I met I cycled the pacific coast for some of it and we, I met somebody when I was doing it and he was walking down I think. But how how like you, how how many miles did you walk?
Gosh, how long did that take?
So is that like the pacific crest trail you did
the next,
how was that?
pageant
if
I can. So I was actually born in California and moved to England when I was three, but my parents moved I think because they didn't well one my dad's job, but they didn't like the the atmosphere especially. Is it being so money money, money money like you know some of the kids, they said at schools for like birthday parties that it was crazy, like it was just the gifts and it was just too much and they said they didn't want, which I completely understand, you know, not growing up around that kind of yeah, I could see that in calif, I haven't been back since, well then I remember but um I would, I know I take it back, I went to SAn Diego for a work conference and I was not, it wasn't my favorite, but
I
I loved Oregon, like when I was in Oregon and wash I would move to Washington in a hobby Washington state, I loved washing, it was beautiful and there's so much hiking and outdoors this stuff,
so
it means
lot
I guess.
Yeah, I would love to go back. Me and my friend were trying to figure out well even with Covid trying to figure out to go somewhere and we were going to look at like Yellowstone or one of the natural parks kind of out that way. But out of the Yellowstone is doing very well with fires and with everything going on, we decide to stay on this side.
This
oh I don't know, I have to look that up. That does freak me out. I don't want to be by volcano. Gosh!
I think this year I've had and I got, so I do like to travel, I got stuck in peru because of Covid like they shut the country down and I was still in it. I feel like I've had enough adventure this
like
you know they, they completely shut it down so it was they they gave I was in Cusco so the airport there you have to kind of, I think it is international but you have to train, you have to fly to lima to get out and They gave tourists or people 23 hours to get out of the country. But Cusco
decided to close the airport that night. So they effectively, they essentially gave people Like four hours to get out. Uh huh and yeah, I didn't make it.
My friend was when he actually was stuck for five months, He couldn't get out. I was only stuck for like 10, 11 days. But
well
I had a,
I had planned to hike much PCI that was the whole reason I had gone because I wanted to do it since I was young, like a lot younger and that got canceled. So I found a hotel and then I thought I was getting a flight out so I cancelled the hotel and then I realized I was not getting a flight out and the hotel decided to close. So I just looked in Airbnb like the cheapest Airbnb I could find and was just stuck In an Airbnb for 10 days with no windows. Oh you're a baby,
you work for Airbnb? Okay.
would
Okay. Yeah I actually spent I had to call Airbnb when um why do I have to call? I had to call them for some reservation I had that I had to can't identify to cancel it or change it. But yeah I was it was interesting. I mean I love Peru would definitely go back. It was a bit intimidating because I do not speak spanish and they had like it looked like military police. I mean they were on straight lock down like you did not believe leave that. So
I do not speak a word I mean spanish but my friend he's fluent, he's actually from Belize so he would tell me he's like oh I blend in better than you so let me do the talking or if we have to get food let me get the food and you stay in the Air BNB because if they stop me I wouldn't I wouldn't even know what to say, I just show them my passport. Mhm. Yeah so no I don't need I don't know if I could deal with the volcano going off being stuck somewhere with a volcano. Mhm Mhm Okay.
You
just are you going to stay in Arizona do you think? Yeah.
that's good.
these
buddy.
Yeah that's
thanks.
Thanks.
I'm surprised
what
yeah they wouldn't want to get that fixed because that causes a whole bunch of proper like water just a good mix with you know the house.
just
how
thank you. Did
it will be
like
I just leave that would be a studio
where I live now and they had like a sewage problem, it was awful, it was terrible, it was like leak sewage and I was like you have to break my lease and then they tell me to clean it up and I was like I'm not cleaning up ross like raw sewage like that can't be that can't be like I don't know. So then they
said it was
lawyers
who owned it was two lawyers that unlike the building and they sent their poor secretary to do it and I was like you, I was like I don't want you cleaning this up, that's awful. So yeah, it was bad.
she did not need to be doing it. Uh huh But it has been affected, you got like you over there,
thanks.
that's
it's
that's good.
Do you try and like
is it spanish?
So
what do you speak spanish english, german
my gosh,
I'm
how
do you know all those languages?
World
this
that's
You must be one of those people that just picks up languages like that, like just
do
you see latin,
do you speak latin? Like do you understand?
that's
yeah, that's so, I mean I did german and french in school and spanish year but I struggle with languages but my the friend I traveled with, he's like you he just picks up languages like that and I'm so jealous because it's such a good skill like it, so I just always impressed with people that speak multiple languages. Yeah, that's
thanks
Right, that's
listen
to.
I need to get back. I used to do um one of them on my phone for spanish because I'm trying to learn spanish. I'm just, I'm just not good at languages. It's not my, but I would, I would love to be able to speak spanish, I should be able to speak spanish. I was gonna make, so my friend have him speak to me, you know once a week in spanish and it just, he tries and I get fed up because I just can't, I find spanish so fast to that. I'm like I have no idea what you're saying. And I called my ours, I cannot do the, that are, you know where they roll the r cannot do that. So that
you know,
Don't, some of the words, if you say it can kind of sound like different words. I know I've been told, I think it's dog like just to be careful if you don't roll yours because it can mean something else. Yeah. And so I work at a courthouse and this is funny. We had a, we have a translator, she's from CUba and uh, one of the judges, I guess the tracks like the translator hadn't arrived yet and it was so hot in the courthouse like in the courtroom the judge went and said was trying to say, oh yes it's very hot. But I guess she, she said what it translated as was something you just, it's not appropriate to say in front of the whole courtroom. And so she said it like it's very, she said it's very hot I think is a literal translation and a lot of people started laughing and she was like what's going on? So she told the translator what she said, the translators like never say that again, don't do that because literally she told her what she told the whole room and the judge was like mortified. She's like oh my God I can't believe
I said that. But so I've heard you have to be careful with some translations that you get the right context. Yeah.
I couldn't
true. Okay. Is it like court like court documents or fly?
trying
to
for
this.
Do
you have to like
do
you have like a, do you have to have something showing you can do that? Like how do you do you have to have like a certification?
No
okay I'm just trying
to
it's okay because I was trying to take my friend, I think he would do good at translation. He's always looking for online stuff, so, but
all
It
was
Are you?
And
no,
I
feel like a lot of it online because I started doing online teaching before like right before Covid. So back in like february just because I wanted extra money for traveling and it's like they had a huge influx I think, right, as Covid hit because a lot of people couldn't, you know, do brick and mortar. So they were teaching online and it's like people were saying, you know, they weren't getting as many bookings and I think a lot of people have turned online stuff with.
And
Mhm.
Yeah.
topped uh huh.
my
girl.
Oh my gosh.
it's
can you
ask
that?
That's
To see
step
up.
Yeah, I know that stressful I went through a divorce to like two years ago was finalized, but he was just a piece of work, so right, like
he was just a piece of work. He wasn't very he was doing all sorts of stuff behind my back and just not a very good guy, but it was stressful having to deal with it, but at least I kept the house so
good.
that was my was mine before anyway, so but uh
but
See
And
she wouldn't
No.
Yeah, I think people, I guess sometimes during that time you see people's true colors so
On
see that's what I feel like like the person I mean Yeah, he was just not he was either very he was a very good liar. Just I don't know. I think I just saw a completely different side and I we've been together 11 years so I couldn't believe that you know, somebody can treat somebody like that. But I haven't seen or spoken to him since, but I just think you see for me it was seeing his real colors, seeing what he was actually like.
this
that's fine.
Group
Yeah, I think they just reached there, you know that tipping point and they're just them. So Okay. It's Yeah, it's cool. Not fun.
Yeah. I put a timer and I think we're at 29. Cool. Yeah.
think we We've hit the we have to do 25 so I think we were past this.
We have
or
No, I have.
That's funny. I've never heard of Elizabeth George. Have to look at the
Yeah, I might
look it up. I love to read so I'll check it out. Well it was very nice speaking to you.
But
I think I've done it. I've spoken to people for I think you're the 4th one but I've had two no shows. Yeah.
Yeah I had one. Not shop yesterday but everyone else
has shown. Uh And then the first time I did it the person didn't show up but everyone else has shown up. Yeah but I think we can do six is what it said
total. Yeah but I'm not I don't
think
that
includes.
that's what I
thought. I thought it was where somebody shows up because otherwise you that do not really doing anything so, yep. Yeah.
Okay. Well that's good just say hello. Oh
yeah. Nice. Okay. Well it's very nice.
Just
problem.
I actually thought you might I thought I saw the back of a storage unit and I was like it looks like you've got a storage unit. Right.
Yeah it was always nice when I well when I was in black stuff it was pretty very nice weather. It's starting to get cold here which is nice. But
yeah I mean I'm ready for it to be. It's just so hot in the summers here. Yeah,
hot and muggy and humid and so I'm ready for it to be cool for a bit. So
Apparently
we're
going to have a warmer than usual winter from what I've heard my cats attacking my arm down. Mm.
Yeah.
But yeah.
Yeah. Thank you. Very nice. And I'll speak. We'll see you later. Bye.