Wait my headphones are not connected. Just one sack. Yeah. Mhm.
Should
be connecting. Okay.
The small screen, I can only see the top of your face. I think that's my fault because I'm doing it on my phone and it's turned sideways so
yeah if you just if you can just bring it down a little bit. Yeah. Perfect.
Okay. Yeah my screen is there's a big border on it, I don't need this big border but I can't get rid of it. So
Alex
Elizabeth.
You too?
Oh but I still don't hear you in my hold on one sack, I'm still, can you hear me okay?
Oh that's weird. Uh It says it's connected but it's not actually, hang on I'm going to disconnect it.
Okay and how I still don't, I guess I don't that's weird, I don't get to use the headphones for the audio for this,
I can hear you okay, I'll just turn it up. Yeah.
I would think it would just go. But maybe they have some habits set somehow that it doesn't work
Elizabeth.
I
am in Tucson Arizona did you say? Where am I from? That's different.
I'm in Tucson Arizona.
It's
you've been there?
Okay. Yeah it's much cooler there than here.
Yeah that's it's a good place
of very very different like it's not as desert as here. What part?
Where are you?
The
U. S. State? Not the former soviet Socialist
Republic.
Michigan north of you.
they sure do.
Uh Well When I was 23 I was adopted I looked up my birth mother and she lived in Hawaii end up moving out there for a few years and then when I got Uh tired of being on islands, I came over to California and walked north until I got to Oregon and stayed there for 15 years in various places in Oregon. And then my girlfriend at the time got a really good job offer here in Tucson. And so we packed up all our stuff, they paid people to come and pack up all our stuff And we got, we were out of there within like three weeks after both of us having lived there for like 15 years each, we only have been together for three, but we have both been in Oregon for a long time and just up and suddenly went, hey this is great,
let's go
to Tucson
and
then
yeah, Oh it's, I mean it's a couple 1000
over a year, I took my time. I mean I would generally walk 20 miles a day or so.
No, I just went on the, just went from town to town three ways on three
ways
with them. Uh Well, I mean it was exactly what I wanted to be doing at the time and it was somewhat brutal. I
mean I don't I don't like California. I don't I mean I love California. I don't really like the majority like the way that a majority of the people there behave. I just did not enjoy it at all. Uh You know, I was I was living rough and so I looked scruffy and old man. Does that matter? I mean not that I don't know, but I mean if you if you are actually like wearing dirty clothes and a backpack
in California, I mean I experienced some absolute like psyops kind of stuff where you would walk into a town and people in the houses would be like they'd like and in the stores like people would walk past you and just be like go away and there was and they would like, you know, they saw like they drive by car, they'd all like look at you and like either like laugh to try to make you feel like you look funny or like look kind of threatening. It was bizarre and I just kept going. I was like I'm definitely not staying here. So I did stay in a couple of places. I mean and it's different when you meet people, people people are nice. I made friends. I had some good stays in different places. So there are definitely like good people in California but there are a lot of people who are just really gross. So.
Los
Angeles.
that's true.
Yeah, that's that's the glory there, all the green, all the water. Exactly
what we
don't
end here.
Have they decided not to has the super volcano decided not to blow?
I remember hearing about that like last year.
that would be a that would be a tough uh an adventurer I guess.
you were like stick your foot in the door. Wait, wait, let
me out.
23
We didn't have it,
So were you, I mean so you had to just two years taking a hotel, you had to just like extend
all
of that?
Mhm. I was Yeah.
a few years customer service just so so when you got there and like you know the door was still locked or the
bad, you know the previous previous visitors were still there, you would call me.
yeah, that that would be hard. I mean even like I speak spanish and I would not want to have those kinds of interactions in a simple language.
Oh, I got rid of a little of supporter. Yeah. Very they're
powerful.
Yeah. I don't know, I mean people I I I at this point right now, yes right now yes, until something else comes up. I mean we had we had a little, we had quite an adventure getting here and uh so we we we found a great place on craigslist site on scene, so we didn't even have to come down here to rent a house before
before we moved out because they were going to fly her down to house hunt and then bring it back and then move us out. And we were like, well wait, we can just, this looks, this looks great, we'll just do this. And
it was except for the fact that the roof leak that they could never did it not to. And and here there during the monsoon season, the rain just flies like sideways sometimes just straight. And we had this whole beautiful entryway, you know like a tall ceiling with windows up high and water just running down the inside of
the whole thing and it would rain. We
had, we have to remember where the Little Puddles
were in the bedroom to not leave anything there if we weren't going to be there to like soak them up with towels and months and months of this. And they were and then at some point after they had replaced the entire room for $10,000, they love to tell us how much that cost and it's still leaked. I think they stopped believing us. We were like, no, here's a video. Like it rained this is us like sopping water up off of the concrete floor. And they have a painted concrete, same
concrete,
pretty fine
for the ringing. But
yeah, in the walls and all that and they tried but they but for whatever, even after doing redoing the entire roof,
it's it's a leaked.
And then at that point they said they weren't going to continue giving us the rent reduction that they had been of like $150 a month or something that we were getting off of the rent to have to deal with flooding in the house all the time.
And they were like, yeah, we're not going to do that anymore. And we were like, yeah, we're not going to read here anymore.
And
so they went out of the lease. Right.
Mhm.
Happy
for
them.
She's got a law degree for doing that for them.
Uh quite a bit.
Yeah, the city has, I mean the response to Covid has affected us a lot. I don't personally know anyone who's been diagnosed as far as I, and you know, I don't ask everybody I know, but no one has never come up that anyone I know
diagnosed with it, but the response has been ridiculous.
I was already working remotely, so
it actually didn't affect me beyond. My clients had about 50% of the work that they did prior, I had a little spike when they were, it's tried to translation. And so they were all putting out there press releases and like communicates to their customers about how they were going to deal with Covid, so I have a lot of stuff to do right up front, And then they had them, they only had like 48, exactly about exactly 45% of the work because I had to do the math for uh finance stuff. But um
because
Uh No, the bulk of what I'm doing right now is german to english. Absolutely, so I would I would like to do a lot more uh different languages all into english because I'm not fluent enough in any of the any dog languages currently
into town
french. Uh And then so those are those those I have, I would have no problem. And then the next year where I'm blessed fluent dutch and Norwegian danish
and then I could oh and Swedish and
I could push myself to do a few others if I if I really had some time to study first and then get going at a low
level.
I just at some point when I was walking in California and I ended up when I got to Oregon, I ended up staying in this place in this town for down years and I would, their thrift store was run by tweet ladies from the humane society and when their bookshelves were full of anything at all,
like they could have bookshelves full of trashy Danielle Steele novels and they would just throw away all the books that got donated because the shelter fault, they wouldn't even bother. I got a on an illustrated dictionary from like The late 18th century that I gave to a friend who happened to be having a birthday who
was actually into dictionaries.
Like this thing where I have no idea what the value of that was there, it was in their dumpster in a box of books and so I got a lot of books in foreign languages and I was just like, oh okay, I'll just learn to play. Mhm.
Kind of Yeah, because it's like I'm into puzzle, it's sort of like a puzzle. Like I got my first Swedish book and I already knew some german and I just sat there and and puzzled out like from the context like well this word must mean this and there's a little bit of cognitive and you just read enough and sooner or later you figure out what he said, she said
like
it uh
No, no, or
as you would say in latin, no.
I think the trick is to, I
mean some people just are, your mind is already shaped that way because of like other things that you're interested in do. But one of the main things learning how you learn
best, you know, because different people, like some people can't handle like an instructional book like that is just going to put them to sleep and some people learn best, like audio with audio stuff, those listen
and repeat,
kind of audio programs. I love those, they don't get you very far very fast, but they do lock down the basics really well for me anyway.
Yeah, and people would still understand you despite that I've seen of english speakers who
are in that same position speaking, they're totally unrolled are spanish with like, you know, very little of the actual accent, but just saying the words and people still understand them. They may be kind of laugh a little, but
So
true. I mean, for me that's the biggest part of the biggest component of any hesitation that I have, because I do a lot of I do a lot of reading, I don't do a lot of speaking with people, so I'm very hesitant in anything except like basic spanish when I'm actually talking to people.
So they translate apparently documents I don't
Uh Oh, it's it's all over the mouth. It's like customer service, email, animals and focus group responses and internal
corporate
documents, like accounting manuals, whatever they whatever, whatever they want to have in english,
whatever
any of the clients want to have an implicit
can
come
from anywhere.
Mhm. For it helps to get some some jobs, but I started out on a platform that doesn't require it. And so I built uh kind of a profile that way. And so and they have a public facing profile and I can just spend a link and people can see okay, translated for X. Number of years with X. Thousands of words that measures all
that stuff and keeps it up to date. So
so
yeah, you don't need it, but it's it's helpful.
Yeah. Right now I don't know if it would be a good time to look because so many people have like that's the they happened to hire new translators in my language bearer just before all this. So that was part of the drop in income to. Um But and then suddenly, you know The jobs that
I was competing with three or 4 people
To
get, now I'm competing with tens or maybe 100, I don't know. But it used to be that if I checked,
If I checked every 23 seconds, if I checked, I had set up my monitor to check every 23 seconds I'd be likely to get a job and now I have every 17 seconds just keep like sliding it until I'm like getting
the alerts and almost like most of the time now, somebody has gotten there before me and I can see the job and try to get it, but it's gone before I can even click the button,
but then I still
am getting stuff so
Excuse me a second. You know, you can just walk through the door, like this door from the inside, you can just walk through it, not from the outside. Say if you if you get locked in, but as far as like if you're not in a car, that door that door just opens from the inside. Well, all I know you whoever inside I'm outside, so whoever's inside to
let somebody inside. Oh, that's true. Oh
yeah,
stealing shit. Right, There's a fucking cop, right? Thank you for sure. Yeah. One flat, Right?
So the one thing that I've learned a lot about you solid uh when we first got here and we have split up because we that house didn't work, the next house didn't work and they sold it out from under us to a new landlord who also
showed,
turned out to be kind of a bad person in terms of his relationship with us
lied and uh made some choices that impacted our health in the house and totally was like, not, Yeah, just downplayed. It was kind of like gaslighting us about the fact that we were breathing free on from the air conditioning, has it leaked? The entire time we lived in that house, it was leaking freon right into the intake for the
house.
And
they just,
they just keep recharging it. And finally the technician was like, hey, I'm really kind of not supposed to do this, but I got to tell you guys, you can see, showed us the pictures you can see right here, the free on his spring, right on the event. We told them years ago that they need to fix this and not just keep putting fresh free on in there. And anyway, so we decided I I decided that she could afford a house with a new job and so, and she was like, oh right, and we went through that whole process that's buying a house. So we moved like three times within that first year
and about six months in the new house, maybe a little less than that when we broke up. And
we just were we just couldn't
get
resolution on the things that had come up during and we just kind of both were like, ah
He was like,
I'm
this one here that you're in.
Of
but here's the thing, Yeah, we were we were domestic partners, but we weren't legally married. So the only thing that uh that that impact it was that I could no longer get the tuition reduction at the university, I had started degree programme and
that was the absolute worst part of the break up. I said Caitlyn, can we just wait six weeks to break up so I can get the tuition reduction
one
more time. She would not do it because it was not honest. She couldn't just wouldn't be right. And I I tried to, oh man, I tried to explain how much that meant to me, like all the work that I put into our relationship and getting us settled here buying a new car. I did all the research and like finding the car were like where to go and get it and all that and helped and all the, all the research on things to look out for when you're buying a house and a car, and like the conversations, the negotiations with the sellers and all this stuff I put into it. And then when we broke up, she was just kind of like, well, when are you moving out? I had so, in her eyes, I had no equity, which was a shock. Like, I was just like, oh, well, how
about this? At least, you know, let's wait six weeks. And then she was like, no. And I was like, wow. Like now I still can't reconcile the person she was during our break off with, the person I was with those three years. Like
Yeah. That's funny because I related this story to someone very recently and they said like that same thing and I'm and I'm I'm resistant to that, I'm like yeah, but no,
like I couldn't have been so in love with someone who was
Yeah. Yeah, I know there were there were ways that I pretended throughout that relationship and I think that takes a tool, like there are certain things that I was just like, well this isn't worth
the conflict
that it would take to try to have or I even would try and then it was just like, like that part of who I was not Something she wanted to interact with and I'm like, well that's unfortunate, but that's kind of how it has to be in relationship, like people don't match 1-100%, so there are certain parts of myself that I didn't really express when I was with her. And so that's stressful and that I think like I think kind of everybody does that and then during a breakup or has the cause of a breakup, people are like I can't
not be me anymore.
enough to each other, we were almost at that point time wise anyway, I mean it's fun, I'm enjoying this.
so that's so that's good. Oh
Mhm. We have done our job.
I thought for a second in my mind I was like why did you tell me your last
name and then I realized you didn't, I was talking with my mom yesterday and she was telling me about a book, she was reading her head read by a british author named Elizabeth George. And and so at some point a couple of minutes ago I was like Elizabeth George. Wait, why did she tell me her last name? No, that's not her. Someone
else.
Uh it was uh she told me about several books like remember which my father? That was great, I think or when the other wants you to. It sounded good
anyway.
It was nice speaking you too. I hope that I hope
we can do it again sometime. You're the second person who has actually showed up. I've done this eight times or so and all the others have been no shows.
More clothes that no toast.
it's all
Total.
it's
the
dreadful
one, 66 where someone actually shows up
one.
Well, I talked to him in case there in case they review because I know they're recording it. So even if nobody shows up, I just talked to the researchers,
you know, show them the city.
Yeah, I'm just here by this. I'm just here by my storage unit because there's like pie in the office and this is where I was like, I could go somewhere
nicer, but well,
I kind of need to be here. So
yeah. Yeah. That was my solution after I moved out with Caitlin, I got my own place and uh and with this pandemic and the financial impact, I couldn't keep it. So my stuff is in storage and I'm gonna God places for everything else that I all my other needs. So I'm kind of like scattered all around in terms of where I work, where I sleep, where I eat already happened, where my stuff is. So, so that's that's that's part of the the answer to the question of whether I'm staying in Tucson, it just depends on how well things work out and whether I find something I would be better off because right now the weather is pretty great.
Yeah, it is.
And human.
I'm kind of looking forward to that here too. Well, it's not doing it this year, it's just staying hot.
Give Me
95.
Yeah,
I think that
All right, well, thank you for the conversation.