Hello, how's it going?
Great. How about you?
This is a really anyone Yeah. Have been a better,
huh? It worked.
Yeah. You're, you're totally fine. Mhm. Uh
Does it work now? How about now? Great. Okay, awesome. I'm Mark, I'm 20. It's good to meet you.
Hey
bro.
California, like near fries now? What
about you? Wow. What's it like out there?
It would be, yeah.
stuff. Cool stuff. We don't get any snow here, so must be nice sort of any
moose
moose.
It
was bomber.
That's
great. I love most. It's
a good time. Yeah.
I
don't know. They're like deer but like more masculine, you know?
like built better. They've got like cooler kind of horns that kind of like more solid. I don't know. I just really like, they
were like better than horse and deer. All the animals like that, you know? Uh
sort of I was born in Idaho when I was really young. I don't remember that then, you know, all around California and moved around to watch coast is the best part. You know?
I wrote down some like some cool little talking points.
If you want me to read off one of those
little questions. All right. If you were like an avatar airbender, right? Like what element would you be like water fire or wind? Earth
Me neither. But you know like just elements, you know, it's your favorite element.
That's pretty good. Pretty pretty masculine. You know,
I'd be an Earth vendor because I like Earth. Yeah. Yes. That's cool. Why fire any specific reason?
It looks cool. That's good. Um What about ghosts? Do you believe in any ghosts? Mhm.
Yeah. You need
that.
Would you like rather have ghosts be real or rather have them not be real?
really cool.
They could sat only if they're friendly.
Probably not.
No no
haunted
no. Is it like a boat?
I guess I'd have to check it out before it's saying you know go surreal. I'd have to go to some haunted places. Probably.
Don't
appear
it sounds
fun.
I mean if you believe it's still going to be fun. What is cuba like Jeff? Oh
weird.
Oh yeah I've heard the
cars they're like really really cool
big mix.
Thank
you.
Yeah it does sound very cool don't we like doesn't the USa own cuba
sort of No
I don't know much.
No
Three.
Absolutely. Yeah. Please come in spend your money.
that's good. That's good. It seems like a wonderful place.
Keep that in mind.
I went to Washington a couple of years ago on the san juan islands. Yeah. Really
nice up there too.
I was like some some camp thing. I had to like wash dishes and kind of clean bathrooms type thing. It was great though. Really nice place.
Yeah. A lot of hippies. But you know take what you can get those trees too right. Um Do you have any hobbies?
What's your biggest hobby? Main hobby?
Why do you like that?
Yeah it's nice, smells good. Okay.
I don't know if you can see I've got a couple of aquariums back there.
It's a big glowing white box because the lights on but can't
tell you the camera room where each. But that's my big thing is aquariums.
There's a four fish bunch of snails, some plants. You know
typical aquarium stuff.
Uh Probably four or five years now a while. A lot of stuff to learn. It's very intricate you know
water
chemistry.
Oh that's that's way more I do fresh water and that's pretty difficult. Saltwater is like
it's really expensive to salt water is.
No no no you need like live rock bacteria, special lights, special heaters. It's
very I haven't even tried yet. I'm away. It's like a big money job. Uh huh. I'll
give it a shot. Maybe it's really cool like all the corals and stuff you can kind of grow. Very cool. Very cool. Mhm. Um If there was a wasp nest in your backyard how would you get rid of it?
Very big well basketball size.
They're stinging people. Quick quick. You got to kill him.
that's a good one. Yeah
that's yeah we're going to put a trash bag over it
or something
that's
fine.
it's
kind
of grab it you know You like
that?
Good question.
What's your earliest memory?
Yeah like the first one you can remember? Yeah,
it's
You like
the back
how?
remember we did that in like elementary school
construction, we would just sit and watch all the boys. It was like a line of like pre pubescent boys just glued on the construction equipment. It's cool stuff, cool stuff, um embarrassing moments. Any like big embarrassments.
embarrassment free life. What a lucky man.
It was
generally
embarrassing in a long term.
that's pretty embarrassing. Yeah,
that's a good one. Great,
Great.
There's one big one that I remember, it's probably not as embarrassing. Like now I was like maybe 13 like Disneyland and you know how all these all these are all these like suit guys in suits, like the Goofy? Uh Yeah,
you know what I mean?
So there was like a huge line of like people coming up to like hug goofy or something and like I guess I didn't understand the concept of a line or something. So I just kind of ran up like all in front of him and scrapped him. He was like no no no get off. You know, wait wait there's a line
and that one's
always
it's always stuck with me. You know? It's been like what, 78 years? That's that's the big one. I think.
I think
so. I think so,
you probably didn't like that very much.
Oh yeah the tail is not connected. You're right. I forgot. That's a nice place though. We love chuck e cheese.
I
think
they took him out. I don't remember about yeah,
probably probably R. P. In the ball pit. You know? I don't
know about that.
Do you remember that that gorilla game where you like put your hands on the pegs and it vibrate? Really?
No. Okay. It's a weird thing. Yeah. You'd like grab it and it would vibrate and like you feel like you're getting shocked and like the longer you held on like the more tickets to get.
It's a weird weird game for chuck e cheese. You know like how much pain can you withstand 12 year old child? You're good. Yeah.
It was my faith. The gorilla was like very well sculpted, you know, very imposing over the top.
let's give us for.
I was about to say that we love like them all.
Yeah. Good game. I'm
running
out of questions.
Yeah. I'd imagine they might be shut down. I don't know. But
I don't think there
probably
Gamestop is shut down. I just learned
that yesterday. Yeah,
I think so. Yeah, like the whole corporate is just gone because probably because they're like online, you can just buy it online.
That sucks though. I love Gamestop
by my gang.
Not
so much. This is one book I like, it's by a guy who had pancreatic cancer and he
was like dying and like this is the book of like things he realized as he was dying. You know,
once that I have it, I have to go
the last lecture by randy brandy
pau Shit cool. But yeah,
one
of the
big ones was like, um like you can't waste time on stupid things. You know, like if there's like a $20 error like in buying something and you have to go up and check it out and make it all good. He's like, just leave. It doesn't matter you know, enjoy the time that you have. It's
just
kind of cool. But
I mean
20
bucks is 20 bucks right?
Yeah. So much money. I didn't know you could make that much money until I watched like a T. V. Show. Like dudes making so much money was insane. I thought like 202 100 K. It was big money.
Yeah. Yeah. But I mean
crazy. Maybe someday, maybe someday I'll be an inventor or something. What do you
do?
Really like captain ships? What's it like you do you
kind of look like a ship captain? It's like a funny weird way
talk or?
Cool stuff. Cool stuff. Ferries are cool. I rode one when I went to Washington. Big old fair. Yeah.
Cool stuff.
I think I, I think I've heard that name dropped while I was there.
well we kayaked like to all of them. Not all of them, but like six or seven
of
them. You know what I mean?
That's
the one
that's the
one that's Orchestra Island. That's for my parents live. No.
Okay. Probably not. But we might have seen you.
I remember
11
time there was this big like then cruising by with lights on music playing all kinds of wild stuff.
My day. It's fate. Yeah. Cool stuff. The water is nice.
Lots
and lots of jellyfish.
Community college. Still. I'm looking for a job. I don't have a very good resume. You know, I've never been hired before, so I don't have any experience
biology. I want to get into like microbiology. Probably.
You know, I'm trying to do lots of money and things that I like, like little organisms. That's kind of my thing. I like
those.
Okay.
Don't listen to that. Um We do another question.
Are you scared of anything? Do you have any like, big fears? Yeah. No embarrassing moments. No fears. What a guy.
Probably crazy people kind of freaked me out. Like I read a lot of stories and just people doing crazy things like chopping off heads and it's wild. I don't know. Like who does that kind of stuff? How did you do that? But they do it, you know,
it's
I'd
rather be struck by lightning than like mutilated by
some insane person, you know
what I mean?
Well,
you might
arrive.
Yeah. Well I'm frequently but like Yeah. Yeah, they get like these cool scars that kind of um let go with your veins, right?
So it ends up looking like a fern leaf, you know, like with a bunch of branching. Really cool kind of gross. But
check this out you know at work I would probably work.
If it's in a cool place, you know what if you got one like
you gotta play it right? Yeah, that's good. True, true. Um How often do you floss?
I gotta floss. Me too though. Yeah.
That's just pretty good. That's pretty good dentists like
that.
Yeah. They're
way happier when you fall on us.
House out.
From,
I mean maybe if you're into like that Bonnie Clyde type of type of relationship I could call.
Good call, good call. Is she cute or
what?
That's
the worst.
It's not a good reactions
now.
All the hot
ones
man, it's every time there's something weird about him.
Maybe a different dentist, you know,
maybe
go
on
the prowl.
Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. See if I got anything else, there's not much left.
Are these like conversations who so far too so far. Although
we're good.
I did, I did and he encouraged me. He was like, that's really good. You're prepared. So now I do it for all of them first when I was just really nervous. So I kind of had to.
I I hope I don't you know, take over the conversation or anything
but.
Mhm. What animals do you like?
And blew its thing or what? Nice. Nice. And never seen that.
I saw some whales when I was in Washington, the orca ones
we were kayaking like right next to him. Uh
Yeah, they're very smart.
Smart
but kind of an asshole, right? I mean
move not
I just play,
Just
play.
I think they're like the smartest bird maybe.
I don't know,
very
smart
animals.
Like a lot of animals, most probably moves are cool. I like snails, a lot snails and slugs,
banana slug. Yeah, I like bugs, you know, bugs are sweet. Uh
A lot of cool animals, a lot
a lot of cool
animals,
the more you look at them like the
cooler
they did. You know,
I thought you were carcasses or like the wings. That's cool.
I do like
I
Yeah.
Oh yeah, that is very cool.
It doesn't
even look like bugs at first. It's like a It is, wow. I wonder if you like paint some or something or if
it's just all natural,
it's good. It's good,
the colors are great. I'm looking at a fear right now.
I thought it was like stained glass when
it first cameras, some bug carcasses.
They're so cool. I'm always interested in like why why would a bug be like fluorescent green? For what purposes? That evolution is weird, Some weird stuff. We don't even know what, like lots of stuff happens, you know, just kind of have guesses for it, but you know, nothing specifically are convenient, wow.
Mhm.
Thanks for sharing.
yeah, murderer. It's nice talking either
you just close it now. Right,
okay. I was always looking for like an exit button.
Have
have a good rest of the day, man,
later.