Uh huh, mm hmm. Mhm, wow. Yeah.
Hey, how's it going?
Not bad. It's kind of hard to hear you.
I mean I could sort of hear on your side.
Do you hear me? All right?
well there we go.
I'm Brett, where
are you
at? Where are you located?
Okay. I'm up in Alaska.
It's cold
um snowed a few times, you know? It's like it's definitely winter.
I don't know.
It's
I'm in ketchikan right now. There's no,
it's not really boost down here
up. I live up in Anchorage and uh we get
moved up there pretty regular.
What
uh what is
your affinity towards mousse? Like where did that come from
and much bigger? Yeah.
that's
Right on you lived in California your whole life?
agreed.
so
Henry.
I've never seen avatar.
Um I don't know, I have to go with fire I guess.
I don't know. Oh
Um I don't know. Uh Got reaction on the spot. You have no reason.
I mean I've been like freaked out by like random like creepy places enough to not like totally dismiss them but I also have no like actual evidence
for
their existence. So I have to say I'm at least I love them on the fence.
I mean it would be kind of interesting if they were real. Yeah.
All right.
What uh like what about you, do you believe in ghosts?
Um Have you ever been to the queen mary in Long Beach
allegedly
it's haunted. Um I would totally go check it out also because I'm interested in ships but
yeah it's an old like ocean liner, it's a hotel now but it's just like tied up in Long beach. Apparently some of the rooms are haunted. I don't know.
Yeah I've there's a guy who went to CUBA with a few years ago, he was like all into that stuff like him and his wife would like go
travel
places specifically for like the haunted stuff if I like really buy it but like that's their thing so
fuck
whatever.
CUBA is amazing. I'd love to go back. Um It's really weird. There's all these like kind of like layers in the culture because it was like spanish for a long time and it was like heavily influenced by the US and then there was like the revolution where Castro took over and then so then there's like and then they were like strongly supported by the soviet union and then not collapsed and now it's like heavily like there do a lot of business with china. It's kind of the only china and Venezuela the only people to do business with them.
Do you have like really old spanish architecture from like you know 18 hundreds and before is like these cool stone buildings and churches and stuff and then there's some like twenties and thirties era like us influence buildings then there's like all these old us cars driving around
people.
Yeah I mean there's like all this like stuff from the soviet union from like the sixties to the nineties. Like he's like big old fucking Russian trucks that like you know look like they're out of like an old Cold War movie just like bombing around the street. Um
Yeah I mean it's just like it's crazy like I don't know the people are super nice, the food is incredible, it's they're poor, they're very poor. Um Which is like a guy so you stay at like bed and breakfast, there's not a lot of like big hotels and this guy is like oh yeah it's like really fucking hard to get paint to paint my walls because you know it's just like doesn't exist because
they can't
import anything so it is very is really interesting. I'd love to go back.
so.
No
no there's like a trade embargo. It was like kind of put in place after the after the revolution in the sixties and the whole Cuban missile crisis thing. But yeah we're like I don't think we're supposed to go there anyway like we were banned from going for a long time
and then it opened up and now it's back band again but you can go it's easy like you just fly to Mexico and then fly to cuba and like the Cuban passport guys like they know the fucking deal like you like like you hand them your passport and they say it's an american passport and they'll
ask you if you want to stamp.
Yeah. Oh yeah they're happy to have it even though we're technically not supposed to go.
Yeah. It's awesome. Like have you ever get a chance to go highly recommended?
Have you done any traveling? You got anywhere? Cool.
Well
what were you doing out there?
Yeah. San juan's are beautiful.
A lot of hobbies
do a lot of like outdoor stuff, a lot of hiking, a lot of mountain biking. That kind of stuff. Yeah.
Why? I'm just like being outside.
What about you? What do you do for fun?
It's like
I can see it.
Like is there fishing that or? Nice.
Press
what uh like how long you been doing that?
The
salt.
Salt water.
That's what I've heard. I've never had an aquarium myself.
What? But you can't just make it. Probably not.
sorry
on.
How big is it?
Um That's a good question. I don't know.
Oh fuck I just go inside.
Um I don't know. I probably trying to put a. Yeah I don't know burn it
or
like a bucket like if it's
on
something like stick a bucket on it and
you know
like.
else
what
else you got on your list?
My earliest memory.
I was a little kid and like
I was pretty little like I don't know how old I was but our neighbors like the house next door they had to do something construction and they had like a backhoe come and dig in a giant hole in the yard like kind of between our houses. And I was just like like this is the coolest thing ever.
Like
I'd
sit in the back like in the window and just like watch them dig a giant hole with this like piece of machinery.
Bye.
Let's say I'm sure I'm just not thinking of him right now. I mean there's got to be something. Yeah. I don't remember.
It's not though. I mean I remember like I remember in high school being like, you know, it's super angsty and like always like but I don't remember any of the circumstances surrounding any
of
it, you know?
Yeah. Like your parents embarrass you all the time, you know like saying something stupid or whatever. I don't remember. I don't remember any like there like I don't remember any defining my oh I got one I was in eighth grade. Um One of my buddies, like his dad had a collection of like playboys which he found. And so it was like he fucking brought him all the school and like traded him all around, you know? And my mom said I had him like hidden under my bed or something. My mom found him. And it's just like she was all, you know, like freaking out, you know? It's like I'm going to be a terrible person because I like these playboys and so she like brings it up to my dad and he's just like, he thinks it's hilarious, you know? And so he's like, he's just like cracking jokes, like asking if the pages were stuck together, like I just wanted to die. Like I wanted, I would have been like she's not she's mad at him because he's not taking it seriously. It's like this whole thing and I was just like, I literally would have done anything to escape that situation.
Yeah.
What about
here?
Yeah.
Yeah. The characters.
That's
not that
bad.
Uh I was a kid, God, I don't know how old I was. We went to check e cheese like when that, is that even a thing anymore that
exist?
Um went to chuck e cheese and like you know, they got the guy in the like the rat costume or whatever and like I was like I was like scared or shy or whatever and I wouldn't like engage them directly, but I did pull his tail. I
mean it's just a dude and I don't think he cared that much.
I used to love the ball pit when I was a kid, but now I just think of life, you know that doesn't never get clean like this has got
to
be like
Uh
Just
like dirty like kids touch and shit they're not supposed to and then you know. Yeah.
No
ha.
yeah that was like I want to go like find that game now.
How was I liked skee ball?
I love skee ball for some reason. Um What else steve always good. The ball pit was good. Whack a mole,
Black and white is awesome.
haven't
thought about
that in years, I haven't thought about chuck e cheese and years.
I'm
they're
shut down now
brother
forever.
It makes sense.
do
you uh you read any books? Your reader?
Not so much?
Who?
what's this, what's it called?
Mhm. I'm Yeah.
parish.
interesting.
It
sounds
I
mean
that
makes
sense.
It's different like you know 20 bucks is you know different to somebody who's you know making six bucks an hour. Somebody was making like you know $600,000 a year.
I mean it's a lot of money.
There's a lot of people make a lot more than that.
jesus
um I am a ship captain. Yeah.
I
worked for the ferry system in Alaska.
Mhm. Yeah I'm just sitting on a ship. We're not going I'm not on the ship right out at a friend's house but uh we're just the ships in the shipyard doing some maintenance on it and so instead of going places for two weeks I'm just hanging out and catch up to.
yep.
So we actually go to Bellingham Washington?
I mean so Bellingham is like, which island are you on in the san juans? Yeah.
bunch of
them.
So like we go right by Orcas Island, like the
back side
of Orcas
island.
we go right by Orcas island and then like loop around to Bellingham. It's right there.
It's
I mean
it's
I mean could be
yeah, that's
beautiful.
That can be a thing. So what do you do you in school? You work?
What are you going to school for?
That you can make some money doing that? Mm.
I
mean that's um I have a friend of mine, she's she does like infectious disease, she's a doctor but she does like infectious disease stuff, fucking loves it. And she makes you a lot of money. Yeah.
Nice.
What you got?
I don't know. I mean, you know, at this point of like kind of faced down a lot of that shit. What about you?
I mean that's true. Seems
like pretty rare that it actually happens. You know? It's like getting struck by lightning happens, but not that
often.
Truck.
I
don't imagine being struck by lightning. I mean, it's like that's the ultimate, like you're never gonna see it coming, like you're just gonna be gone and then that's
it, like you wouldn't
even have
is that people survive that frequently?
jesus.
I mean that's the ultimate, like kicking up somebody in a bar b like I just struck by lightning. Yeah.
that would absolutely. That would like work every time I got struck my life, like
Mhm. I still think you just have to figure out a way because like, people look at it and be like, yeah, like you just got to work it into the conversation somehow.
Not as often as I should.
once or twice a week. If I'm lucky
they
do
like
my dentist's trying to set me up with her daughter. Yeah, but then I found out that her daughter is fucking crazy. Yeah.
Well, so her her husband flies for Alaska Airlines and then her daughter is a flight attendant for Alaska Airlines. She's like, you just said, you know my daughter? Well, I was like, all right. So I have a friend that I work with, his girlfriend is a flight attendant with Alaska. So I like call up Lauren and I was like, hey what do you what do you think about this girl? Like should I do this? Or she's like like no, no, no. She sent me a screenshot from the Anchorage, police department twitter feed this girl and like some other dude we're like wanted for like various assaults and like
it's just like not a good person
drama, I don't need any drama, I don't need it, don't want it, just like prefer to avoid all that
she's
smoking hot.
So
we ended up talking about later at a party and I was like oh yeah I was talking to Tanner my buddy and he's like Lauren who's that girl that Brett was trying Dennis is trying to hook up and she's like oh I forget what her name was but said her name then Lauren's friend who's also a flight attendant. It's just like I
was just you
know it wasn't a good reaction and she's like we were talking about it later and she's like oh yeah she's like really hot, she's really funny but then she just like turned sour like at the drop of a hat. Well just like go to the fucking dark side
and
then
you gotta be careful. Yeah. Well you know that's what it is.
I'm
gonna
need to
find
a new judge ist.
How many of these have you done?
you have
a, did you have a list on the first one?
I mean it's not terrible you know like. Yeah.
No
I was fine man. Okay.
Yeah. I really like, I mean there's a lot of cool animals. There's a whale went by the ship this morning. Just like there's just like walking around and all of a sudden like in the channel right next to the ship,
There.
Oh those, those
are like one of my favorites um Ravens are pretty cool. I like that. They like they like to mess with people.
They're incredibly smart. When 10 years ago I had a dog like the first night I had her, I like taking her out in the yard. There was a raven sitting up on like a street light and like the dog and the raven like saw each other and like the dog just kind of sat there and looked at the raven and so the raven like jumps off the street light, like dives down, flies like three ft off the ground over the dog. And like so the dog is like chasing the raven and it just like flies and then climbs up and lands on the next street light and like the dogs just like sits there and stares at and he does the same thing going the other direction. Just like swooped down to fuck with the dog.
And
I love
it wasn't like that mean it's just like
I'm just
gonna mess
with you a little bit so that's awesome. I love that.
They're
they're
very smart.
Uh What about you? Were
your favorite animals?
Oh right. What is that
Okay.
There's
there's
so many. Um
How
to
what the hell is the guy's name? He makes art out of bugs.
like I'm going to see uh if I can, you should check this out if you like bugs. Um
Oh here we go, awesome.
Uh He's from Oregon. The guy's name is Christopher Marley, right? Mhm.
Um It's just like when you get a chance, google Christopher Marley bug art
there.
It's
no
it's all natural and it's not just bugs, he does like snakes and fish and like all sorts of stuff. Um But he had an exhibit at the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry, which I like my sister lives down there. And so I was down visiting and like, I'll go check that out. So you have some cool stuff. And um, it was like, like bugs, like what I mean? It's like whatever, like it's not my thing, you know? But like this was super cool. Like I was like whatever, you know, it's here. I'm going to go look at it and I was like super pumped. Like I'm glad I'm really glad I went looked at it.
Yeah. If you like bugs, I can't imagine. You wouldn't absolutely love it.
they're incredible. It's absolutely incredible.
But
no, it's all bugs.
Yeah.
Right, Right. On.
Yeah, no problem. Well, I think we hit our 25 minutes part. Speaking of bugs or something flying around in here.
Yeah. Likewise, it was fun.
I think so.
Yeah. I don't see anything. All right,
well, it was good chatting with you.
Yeah. You too.