Hello.
I am doing fine
yourself?
Okay.
All right, this is uh pretty
new for me, but we're gonna make this thing work.
Tell
me a little bit
about
yourself
Where
yeah, It's not a bad little side gig when they're worth $15 or so. Um But my name's Delia. Uh Wimberly. I living on,
I work at the University of Toledo and um I'm an instructor
there
and I also in the programme manager for our department um We have what's called success coaches at the University of Toledo. Yeah and we help students starting their freshman year um navigate their way through college and where
the
person they can turn to
when they have questions, concerns are run into issues or problem. So yeah I've been born after about seven years now.
Well
I had a background um I did juvenile
justice for 24 years. So higher education is a second career for me. Um I think I left juvenile
Jeff
things because when you get older you see all the greens, you lose your patience for certain things. And so higher education is a lot more laid back then, that previous field.
No,
I worked at a treatment center and what we did was we had each, we were like basically the judge saying this is your last chance before I send you to do in our prison.
So when they were there, they got a therapist assigned to them, we help them to work through like drill alcohol, all kinds of different things. So
when
I got in my forties, I stare at uh, I'm getting irritable, you know how it is when you get older
and
I don't have patience for a lot of that mouth and bad attitude. So I'm gonna go do something too. That's a little more laid back and, and, and I'm enjoying myself immensely at ut
there,
Last Chance You
last year I used to, I don't know if
you ever saw that show on netflix called Last Chance, You
what
do you episodes? So I always call my old job. Last chance You
Yes.
and, and, and, and, and sometimes sometimes the parents made it more stressful. Yeah,
yeah, because they would have family sessions. We would have family sessions as well where the parents could come in and when, when, when, um, so trying to help them work through those issues as well. So, and a lot of times you would sit there
and you're like, okay, now I kind of see something.
Yeah, I said, yeah, I know where, but we did a lot of good things. We help kids get back into school and return them to the
community. A lot of our kids based on the data, a lot of our kids didn't get back into trouble again. Yeah, we had a pretty good recidivism rate.
shoppers.
I would say I'm gonna go with the the environment. So I'm going to say nature, I really think that the
environment that is provided that the kids grow up in what they get accustomed to has
a really big influence, I'll give you a couple of examples. Um Unfortunately I've had to help students work through like situations where they were like sexually abused by a step parent most of the time it was usually a step parent and things like that. And that had a lot to do with, you know, their drug use and criminality, you know, working, you know, So I would say the young person's environment which would be what the nature end of that I am question so, but um I miss
it,
but like I said, I am just enjoying myself immensely in higher education
now, I'm teaching, you know? Um but the thing I will say that some of the time um and I don't know if my, if it's written on my forehead, tell him with a lot of, some of the times, some of my kids who were struggling with some things, even in college, you know, we end up having similar conversations, not as the, you know, um not as many of them come from troubled backgrounds as in my old position, but tell me a little bit about the playoffs,
I don't know,
I'm
just
doing
well.
texas, that makes sense.
we
but what do you know, that's like, give me
a break it down for me, like what was it like before and what are some of the things you may be experiencing me now?
Everyone
is not living so large.
Oh I don't, I know it does.
Done it, we do.
Mhm. So byproduct
a lot
of people,
a lot of people make a lot of money off of it and you know um for us in higher education um I remember back in March when this thing first started um we
went to remote work immediately um what
we tried to do this semester
um was come back but with like smaller class sizes and if our classes exceeded 50 people um what we would do is like
saying if it was a monday Wednesday course, half the class would come in in person on monday while the other block online and then the Wednesday clear would come in, you know, So we tried to do things like that, you know,
you have to have on a mask in any building. Um So but and it went pretty well, I'm not just making this up, but our our institution was recognized in Ohio for one of the institutions that we didn't have like a mass like breakout of cases. So we had,
we had some, but not
like
these
super spreader things are these parties
and all that stuff that was going on and a lot of other institutions that you might have heard of. Um So I think we did pretty good, but governor just gave a speech and uh he says
if we
don't get
it together in Ohio, we're going back and remote. I was kinda listening to Governor Governor dewine a little bit before I came on, so I'm like, oh man, that's a lot down again.
Especially, especially now and I'm not gonna trust me, I'm not gonna turn it into a political conversation.
Especially
that's okay. Especially since biden is taking over, I think we're headed in that direction.
What?
Storm,
you know.
Or a democratic thing. Exactly.
It's just been responsible. Um I don't know if you've heard over here in the midwest, but and just
I'm only 15 minutes from the Michigan border and I don't know if you've heard about the storming of the state capital and the planned kidnapping of the michigan governor.
That wasn't fake news that it was the real deal.
They had an actual plot to kidnap the governor of michigan.
I did that same thing when I heard the story, I just scratched my head like the head. I mean who just sits around in plots? You know what I think me and six of my buddies are just going to kidnap the governor and take her to Wisconsin. So not only kidnapper would take her to a whole different state and killing her in Wisconsin and I'm like who does that you
know?
Mhm.
Um
Takes it
Um Exactly. Speaking of uh you've been in texas? My brother is a state patrolman out there. He um let me let
me hold on lisa what's
the town my brothers Andy and I always forget the name Fairfield
texas.
We heard it's a little small pleasure.
yeah yeah yeah. Um He doesn't have he's only been on the D. P. D. D. P. S. For seven years so he got a little pull.com once
he gets bored.
and so I've still yet to visit him there. Um I was out there when he lived when he was stationed in Colleen texas because he's also a military veteran as well. So um I enjoyed it. I visited Austin a couple
of places but when they come out again we're going to do a talk with my daughter, used to live here her job transport her to san Antonio. So
yeah I'm not totally in the dark about what about you guys out there and actually I like it and I don't think I've been kind of throwing hints at my wife but she she shoots me down every time. Like I kind of like texas honey. Yes.
nine months, 80°. I can deal with that.
The
I can deal with that. Yeah. Yeah
we go into the deep freeze for about six months or so.
The
Yeah,
it seems like, and Lord don't let them have a jeep Or anything. We're for real driver. They're gonna blow by. You going almost 80 in
horrible
weather.
Or
yeah, it's
Yeah and it's um it's the same way here man. Um we get it horribly. I had driven to work on some days and they got only lived like 15 minutes from campus. I've driven to work some days and it has just been, I've literally slated the entire way there. You can't go over like 25, 25 mph. It just totally stinks. It doesn't get quite that bad
where you are. Right.
I didn't think so. It's only thing.
01 snow in 20 years. I can deal with that. You hear that Honey one snow in 20 years in Houston? Yeah.
It's
now I didn't tell you this. I'm originally from south florida.
I get where there is no winner 70s and when it's cold, everyone, when everyone else is getting some some cold, it's 70 degrees.
Yeah. You don't you don't get any snow there. I think the last time I was a little kid when they say it's not what I never saw anything, But I think it was 1978 and uh compared to what I see here, if I, you know, I remember that day correctly. I didn't see any of that. That didn't even look like one of Ohio's lightest knows it was just really cold. I do remember that much,
but
What happened to it? And I tell you I it's like the old again, the older I get, the less patients I'm having with these winners
because
Yeah.
It's not right.
Man. Time flies. We got about five minutes, I think.
For
I know I didn't want to bore you to death with my uh, what I did back in my younger days.
I,
and
the
Yeah.
Or
I know I know of the program.
So,
We talked.
What?
Coming.
No.
What? Yeah.
This
one
Hi.
That's all.
So,
Yeah.
You know. Mhm.
it is. Um, you know, and people believe it or not. Um when I was doing that, like, people would always ask me like neighbors, my dentist people would say, well, you know, they always tell me very troubled kids stories. And I was like, guys, I'm not an expert, but
I would always tell
him. And I don't, like I said, every Bodies Children are so there's not one piece of advice, but the ones that, right, what it gets provide structure and I don't care how many times they tell you, you're invading