Okay. A young boy. Yeah.
Hi, how are you?
Not
bad. Uh huh.
Yeah,
it
sounds good. Yeah. Mhm. Uh
For
little
bit about
the popular
I am from texas. Um Just trying to trying to find new things to make a little cash here and there.
Gotcha. I I noticed from the hat so I
trump
about.
You
have
smart
Okay. What made you get in that field?
Thank you.
Program.
I
dropped.
Okay. So by just as I assume you were juvenile detention. Is
that
Yeah. That's it.
Platform. Okay.
Well.
Very
much.
Good. That's good to hear. I cannot imagine dealing with juvenile last
chance basically the last chance. Right.
Blue.
People
I watched I think I watched a little
bit of
Yeah. I can totally and I can only sympathize maybe not empathize with the not having the patients for from Alvey Children. Um
and that's what they are. They're still Children and No.
Okay.
Well,
I know what he gets up here.
All
So, my wife and I have to have this debate and I want to ask your opinion since it's got a lot more uh peace in this, please that Children grow up to be what is more important nature or
nurture.
But
apartment.
I'm
not.
No.
I
I'm just
doing
this
for well
since the pandemic I I've basically been working at home for I guess now it's going on almost eight months now, So I was told about this and I can make a little side change and also I get to talk to people and have a at least have a somewhat of a face to face conversation as cold as it can get right. And um so I work in in the oil and gas industry. Uh
so I work in the oil and gas industry, I uh I've been I'm in the finance department now, but it's more of a interesting development and in the whole oil and gas industry and
it's been it's been pretty hectic. Crazy of how different has been in the last eight months. Oh
we are
so before we, I mean all of oil prices up so in all the gas and appreciate you. The primary factor is it oils. Hi everyone is living large goes low. Everyone is not to live
in kids
kind of scary. So um in in texas, the oil and gas in guiyu it's known to be high risk high reward. So when the going is good, you're getting real good but I mean it's going bad, you're, you're turning around and looking okay and my next off the chopping block so that that's that's the high risk, high reward type of scenario that we're in. But um, it it has this definitely perks right. I mean,
so I've enjoyed it. I don't, I mean hopefully knock on wood, I don't need to start looking anywhere else but it's a, it's an interesting mm
the whole climate change business, it it looks like it's on its last legs but, but you know, people are always using plastic. People are and its oil and gas isn't just to petroleum for um, or airplanes or cars and that stuff, it's the plastic that you have all around you that's made from oil products or it's a byproduct. So.
Okay. Yeah, so you always have that going for you. Um Yeah, so it's not going to die so to speak. It may not be as prevalent as it once was, but I don't want to say never, but it has a long lifespan ahead of so yeah.
So
gas industry What?
Uh
cross.
So
experts.
But.
Well
Not
to expect the
other,
no.
Well
thought
out.
I am not looking more to that. I I fully expected to happen in all of us. We're going back to lockdown. Uh
You can
if you are.
Yeah. I wouldn't be surprised. I I just I just I don't know if it's so much the president or not president, it's the individuals who don't know how to control themselves, so I'm like
just control yourself, that's
all so
I can go back to living life like normally don't don't be don't be doing crazy things and that's not that's not a republican or a democrat,
it's a be a smart person.
But
I heard about that, I heard that were planned for that. I didn't know like obviously didn't happen but
stop.
And
my
wife, my wife and the same topic like these are the same people who who can vote, these are these are our fellow citizens. Oh jeez.
Uh huh.
I have very
very uh hot low expectations for for our world, but that's the type we alongside.
No.
well. Uh huh.
So far.
Okay I've heard of it
I think it's close to Houston area right? Or is it? Yeah.
Hey
sometimes the best right everyone was each other and they're not gonna do any things, I'm stupid. Oh
What?
Kind of familiar with the texas, the state of camp?
if you you have to love heat there's at least Houston right? Uh in Houston so It is nine months of the year above 80°.
and
there is no winter Houston
Uh
you have those few days where you're in Houston where ISis and the people of Houston can't drive when there's any precipitation. So I was I was on the road at one point, I think it snowed and iced up and I was from my parents house to my house which is about 30 miles. So I went on the road relatively slow in the left lane, trying or not sorry left lying in the right
language so as possible without being too ridiculously slow. And I saw people zooming past me and then 10, 15 minutes later I saw them turned around flipped over or or whatever they hit black ice. Uh
not realize you can't go to. So
that
would be everyone
Houston, everyone has a four wheel drive big book Uh or a jeep,
look
outside my house and you can see all the cars on the road, there's okay 75%. Is either a jeep or a truck?
What?
No, no, not at all.
I've lived in Houston for almost 20 years now. We have snow on the ground and stay on the ground one time.
Yeah. It's again you have to love heat and it's not just heat, it's to mid heat. You walk outside and we need to go take a shower immediately because it just hits you that hard.
It yeah.
Oh okay. So you get it when you get it.
Okay. All right so I don't need to explain to you then.
Yeah. That's
about that's about Houston I mean because you're not used to it right? You know accustomed to 80-plus degrees and it oh my God what happened?
I
can only imagine. Let me give me 1/2. I'm gonna turn on the light and you scared of the dark over here. Mhm. Yeah.
Okay.
A little bit better. Uh
I could have talked about your juvenile detention business or for the
entire time.
no because I guess I
have a lot more sympathy for youth than I have for adults. Uh huh. So like they can't contribute, I don't wanna say
they can't
control themselves but they nature versus nurture, right? So I want to be get them. So I I joined big brothers, big sisters. Uh
I don't know how you know you you
are with that but
okay so I
joined it and I thought okay that's that we didn't have
at the time and we were like okay what's something
we can do to at least
make a direct impact on someone uh specifically at least I can. No okay
I at least tried to help this person and my little brother
his mom
was
highly involved,
like hey always
wanting to, we would always meet, we would always get together. But then he moved in with his dad where he let him have free reign. And that's when he just went downhill. Like what? I can go the other
tattoo, I can go and he's 13 at the time. And his mom was so upset and I was like, and that's why the, we have this, this talk is like nature or nurture his mom is highly involved. She always brought him to all these events. I got involved, but it only took a summer with his dad to flip the switch and say, okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna do drugs, I'm going to get a tattoo. I'm gonna get a gun. I'm gonna do all this, all this stuff that you, you send, we send them to you in your previous and uh,
so
yeah, that's, that's what I want to talk. I was interested in that, that's why I was like, that seems an interesting time. Right?
But
plan.