SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, what's going on?
SPEAKER_R: Not much, man, how you doing?
SPEAKER_L: All right. I'm glad to meet up with somebody on these. I I uh I caught this uh survey on prolific. It's been I think I've caught it like three or four different times and I've only ever matched somebody once out of like five or six times I've tried. So
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I I just tried one yesterday and there wasn't anybody there? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I figure we could do first names and state you live in. Is that cool? I don't know, you know, I know some people get get kind of iffy about privacy stuff. Uh
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: My name's
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: Andy, I live in Missouri, lived here all my life uh and uh it's too hot here most of the time, you know, during the summer for sure. But you know, this is where I find myself mm
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you Andy and benefits. I
SPEAKER_L: to meet
SPEAKER_R: live
SPEAKER_L: you,
SPEAKER_R: in, I live in florida and uh actually I've been living in china for the last seven years uh and uh this happened to be back here during february for a visit and now
SPEAKER_L: You're
SPEAKER_R: I'm here.
SPEAKER_L: stuck.
SPEAKER_R: Fuck no.
SPEAKER_L: What what if you don't mind my asking what took you to china?
SPEAKER_R: Um I did uh I studied abroad there while I was in college and then uh I really liked it, so after college I ended up moving there and becoming a teacher for an english teacher and so yeah, I just been teaching over there and
SPEAKER_L: Okay, that's cool. Yeah, that's really cool. I've known some people who have who have gone but never you know I mean I've seen you know people online and stuff who have been teachers over there and it seems like it's a really cool gig is it? I mean what would you say is like the biggest difference between there and the U. S. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: um I think like just kind of like people, you know, like everybody's and uh everybody's really
SPEAKER_L: Come on.
SPEAKER_R: like laid back and yes,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: more under soaking, you know what I mean, like everybody is a lot more kind of introverted in a sense, but it's really easy to get along with everybody over there and
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: it's fun, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: know everybody uh everybody that I've ever met from a different country has always said like americans have a very uh we have a reputation for being really loud and uh not reserved you know the hugging type even you know not not knowing people all that well but still hugging people that kind of thing. Yeah that's cool man. So now so as soon as this is all hopefully over with you'll be going back is that you plan on spending just going there for the rest of your life for you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, well I just got married uh my wife is chinese and so we got married uh about two years ago and actually we just had a baby a year ago, so
SPEAKER_L: congratulations.
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: That's exciting. Is that your first Cool.
SPEAKER_R: so we um that was actually one of the big reasons we're back to visit was so my parents could meet the baby and
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: hang
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: out for a bit uh you know, having a nice family time here, so it's just been extended indefinitely,
SPEAKER_L: Got more than you. So you're staying with your parents now or did you get your own place? Stay
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: with your parents?
SPEAKER_R: Right, yeah, we've been with my parents for quite a while and then actually my brother lives real nearby in the same city, so uh he's he had it on place and everything, so he um he's out in a different state right now, you know where he just moved out there for summer, you know get out of the hurricane here hurricane season. And so actually so we're house sitting for him so that works out pretty well for us for now.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool. I I love I love my parents dearly, but I don't think I would want to live with them for any extended period of time. I mean I I moved out when I was 18 and it was kind of like I mean there wasn't any you know they're great I I you know I can't say anything anything bad about him but I just wanted to be on my own and uh
SPEAKER_R: there's nothing
SPEAKER_L: I still can't I still can't imagine moving back in with them. I mean I've been we've been we've been lucky. My my wife is uh she's been working from home since basically beginning of March and I'm an essential worker, so I've been going in every day, same as usual. Uh And uh so I mean we've we've been pretty lucky really as far as it goes, I mean I have friends who have been either laid off or furloughed or what have you, and so as far as hours ago, it's it's actually been, you know, like I I feel like an ass saying so, but you know, it's kind of like it's been okay even better, you know, like it's just I mean she's my best friend, I love her and stuff, but you know it's like now that she's home and working from home, but she doesn't have to do a whole lot of interacting with people, so I come back from work and she's always really excited to see me and talk to me and it's not that you know after work you've been visiting with people all day and you know you're kind of talked out for a while you know? But so it's been really great, I mean it's uh like I say, I feel like
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: an asshole
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: saying you know just saying like oh yeah this pandemic has been really great for my went over my whole marriage, you know? But you know, sadly it has so so so 11 year ago then just had your baby.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah he's he's about uh a year and two months now,
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: exciting,
SPEAKER_R: back in june so
SPEAKER_L: That's exciting.
SPEAKER_R: yeah he's doing really good so it's fun because we get to you know where I'm with him every day and his mom every day so and so
SPEAKER_L: that's really
SPEAKER_R: my parents get to see him kind of grew up so there so it's you know it wouldn't otherwise we would have been here for like a month you know maybe and then back over there so so they're getting a good dose of grand baby for now.
SPEAKER_L: Right, so so it's working out good for them to then, so I'm not the only one.
SPEAKER_R: it hasn't.
SPEAKER_L: that's that's great man. Know that that is that's great. Minor Mine are all old, I
SPEAKER_R: I am.
SPEAKER_L: am I'm 39 and uh My youngest just turned 13 and then I have uh my son uh he'll be 16 in September. And then my oldest will be 23 this month actually. So
SPEAKER_R: I wear.
SPEAKER_L: the key is just gonna get started early. Bennett, that's the case, you know, I mean that most of your youth has spent, you know, uh you know, taking care of kids, but now I'm I'm almost an empty nester just I mean, you know my teenagers, they're just kind of like in and out and so uh it all it all works out that way, so teaching, so just teaching english, is that I mean was it necessary for you to learn? Did you did you take chinese in high school? Did you just kind of go over there on a
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: where were you? One of those really brave people that were just kind of like I'm going I'm going to china.
SPEAKER_R: pretty much. I just I didn't know any chinese when I got there, but I've learned, you know, since I was living there and just kind of picked it up on the streets, you know? Uh
SPEAKER_L: know a merchant is always that they say that's the best way to to learn any of these languages, you know? Is it what explain to me the difference between mandarin and Cantonese, Is it just regional? That's all it is.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I mean it's it's just uh like Hong kong and they speak Cantonese there and then um in Guangzhou which is pretty much right across the border from Hong kong there. They also Cantonese. But those two areas are pretty much the only places that speak Cantonese, but you know, most of the immigrants, you know in the U. S. Or other places, a lot of those people are from Hong kong and that area. So that's why a lot of people in outside of china will speak. But pretty much, you know 19 percent of everybody in china will speak or understand at least mandarin.
SPEAKER_L: okay, Okay. Are they
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: are they go ahead? I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: I speak mandarin so I know mandarin but they're not really and you can't see it at all.
SPEAKER_L: okay. Are they are they similar at all? Is it like uh is it like a spanish Portuguese? Kind of sharing words here
SPEAKER_R: They're
SPEAKER_L: and there?
SPEAKER_R: not really, they're pretty,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: they're really different. Like Mandarin has like five kind of tones of five different pitches ways to say the words I think can't needs And maybe like seven or 8 just it's a way more difficult than just mandarin I think.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, and a lot of the I've noticed a lot of the, forgive me I'm completely ignorant and I took I took four years of spanish and I and I, you know in high school and I don't know much about it anymore, but uh it seems like a lot of the Eastern languages, it's like a a lilt on the end. Like if you end it with an A or at the end of like those are that that will change the, that could change the entire sentence basically. That's
SPEAKER_R: that's the
SPEAKER_L: crazy.
SPEAKER_R: talent straight there. You got it.
SPEAKER_L: That's crazy, wow.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah yeah but you know it's so I I speak a lot with my wife so that kind of keeps me at least a little, you know from getting too rusty, you know? But but since I've been here for you know, seven months, you know, not good for my language
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: because it
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: because you know, we're just regular random people. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: you uh do you find that when you've been over there? Do you dream in chinese? Do you do you hear
SPEAKER_R: among
SPEAKER_L: chinese at your head or do you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: mean yeah, like I mean I wouldn't say a dream in it, but if I'm like, you know, we had lived in a bigger city for you know the first five years I was there when I met her and in that city, you know you could come across some people that spoke english once in a while. But
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: uh we moved to a smaller town That we've been in for the last like two years and like there's nobody there that really speaks english. So in that you know, just every day speeds are used to just you know, speaking, trying to kind
SPEAKER_L: Start
SPEAKER_R: of get your mind in that way.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I guess it's kind of do or die at that point, it's like, well if you if you don't know what you're forced to I mean, I don't know, make hand hand signs or you know something like that, I don't know man
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: that truth I can see how that would be really nerve wracking to just jump into something like that with with both feet. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: in the beginning it was pretty early on, pretty interesting, but luckily because I was kind of lazy and didn't want to ever cook for myself, I kind of forced myself to learn kind of you know, food words first and I'm just getting tired so that that help,
SPEAKER_L: All right. Yeah. Absolutely. Did you did you get hooked up with the with the teaching job? Was it something I mean I presume you found it online and then and then just you know.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, actually it's in a, I've been teaching kindergartens for the most part and so kindergarten over there actually starts when kids are about 2.5, so so yeah, so it's been a lot of like really early childhood education type of learning from me,
SPEAKER_L: that's really cool but that's I think that's a good I think that's a really cool thing. Um Like I say some of the some of the stuff I've seen on tv of you know english classes in other countries it almost always seems like there I mean almost fluent you know going into the class and it's just like a like you know some of it just seems like it's just like conversational you know stuff there just in kind of refining what they are already can clearly speak english much better than I could ever hope to speak chinese. So uh it's always really impressive and I guess that's good if they start them early you know that's a great thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean, yeah there's definitely a big range over there, uh huh you know levels just kind of depending
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: on the parents, you know, and how much they really want to push the kid to learn and get involved with it, you know, So
SPEAKER_L: should not. Is there
SPEAKER_R: Mark
SPEAKER_L: a lot of business that happens? I mean like a lot of is there is there a big reason why they would want to have them learn english or I mean.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I mean it's generally, I think it's like they want them to learn a second language and then it's like oh well pennant everybody and it says I mean english is pretty much you know the most common kind of international exchange between different countries. So like it people they're dealing with people from Thailand or something and they're probably gonna interact using english
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah plus then
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: they can
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: watch movies and stuff you know? That's that's worth it right there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah but I mean yeah that's kind of the go to their for big for the the most parents that want their kids to learn something although you know most of the parents don't speak a word isn't good but you know some of them that do can speak pretty well.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool. Yeah that's really cool. I I should I should brush up we've we've been to Mexico you know just on vacation and stuff. Um It's interesting how you know it will come back to me you know
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: I mean obviously, you
SPEAKER_R: man
SPEAKER_L: know, I'm sure it's just broken and sounds terrible but uh you know it's interesting how just being immersed in it just for the few days that we've been, how it'll how it'll seem to kind of come back to me and I'll remember, you know, the stuff that I learned. So that's yeah, that's cool. So what else, how did how did you uh what do you do the prolific for just for some uh from beer money?
SPEAKER_R: pretty much, I mean like I've been pretty useless over here trying to like you to online job or something, you know something I can do in the computer because like, you know, my my wife being chinese is really paranoid about all of this, you know, the virus and everything. So and uh my parents are both pretty old so like I don't want to put them at risk or anything, you know. So yeah, I've just been trying to apply for different, you know, customer service type things or whatever and tech support type of
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: stuff. I just found this prolific kind of randomly earlier on and it's been working out pretty good with the different surveys and uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: little vinyl, you know, experiments and stuff. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. Uh Buddy of mine told me about it. It's been a few months ago now and I just kind of been doing it, you know, sitting home and pulling them up. There's been some really interesting ones really. I mean I've taken a couple that it seems like about 80% of them that I'm getting now, or just like how do you feel about Covid 19? You know, are you are you really worried about it or kind of worried or not worried or, you know, that's how it always seems to be. And then, uh, the occasional one I'll get will be, you know, I mean, that that will actually be like, the more, you know, like I would imagine a psychological survey to be, you know, click on, click on this thing and then, you know, remember this image that we show you and, you know, then talk about if you believe in God or not. And then, you know, and then, like, you
SPEAKER_R: Jump
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: back.
SPEAKER_L: then then then tell us, you know, how many planets there are in the solar system. And then, you know, what's that picture we showed you earlier? Yeah, those those are the ones that are interesting, you know? But,
SPEAKER_R: Good one.
SPEAKER_L: but yeah, like I said, I like this one just because I can sit and you know, I can bullshit for all day, you know, I don't have any, I don't have any issue about this. I could sit and talk for for forever. So if I'm getting paid to do it all
SPEAKER_R: Go.
SPEAKER_L: the better I figure. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh man.
SPEAKER_R: You're saying you had you had an essential essential gig so you had you were still, you know, busy with that. What do you do?
SPEAKER_L: yeah. I work for a police department. Um and I'm non sworn, so I'm not an officer. I've never wanted to do that. You know, I never wanted to be, you know, a lot of, a lot of people, it probably will not surprise you to learn that a lot of officers are more right wing, which does not fit me at all. But I work in the property room, so taking in police evidence and things
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like that.
SPEAKER_R: see.
SPEAKER_L: Really interesting. Yeah, I started out, I got uh Oh man, when I, when I graduated high school, I was playing music at the time and thought that that was going to take off, but no, and so I stayed working, at Sam's club for way longer than I should have. And uh and then it's been probably 15 years ago now that um I got on with the city and started at 911 centre worked there for about three years. Um wasn't a bad gig, you know, got my kind of got my foot in the door with the city, you know, because there's a lot of, a lot of positions there that are hard to get into unless you kinda, there's like, it seems like there's like five or six that you can kind of get into and then move out of those. Uh So I did that and that was actually where I met my wife and
SPEAKER_R: But uh
SPEAKER_L: uh then uh we uh then I moved over to the police department proper just working the records department for a couple more years after that pushing papers uh you know dealing with warrant paperwork and stuff like that and then moved down to the property room probably nine years ago and I've been there since um really cool. Uh You know it's um it's at least nice in that uh we're in the basement so and it's a secure area so it's just me and like four other people officers can't come in. You know it's it's funny I mean and I'm sure it's funny, you know it's anytime you ever see like a tv depiction of the job that you do or have done it automatically is just like that's not that's not right at all. You know, Because like, you know, any, any time you watched any like police procedural or anything like that, it's like the property room is an aging bald man with glasses and he's like reading the newspaper with his feet up and he's like,
SPEAKER_R: in there.
SPEAKER_L: go ahead. You know?
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: And then cops
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: wandering in there stealing
SPEAKER_R: You know, page
SPEAKER_L: stuff, you know? Yeah, they're just swapping
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: stuff
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: out.
SPEAKER_R: the drugs and guns.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, sure. Yeah. You just, you can go in there to take whole bags of drugs and shove them down your pants. But, you know, this one, it's um, no, it's uh like I said, we're, I mean, we're living in a city, so it's, you know, there's uh, you know, medium sized city, but uh, there is um, it's just us, just the four of us and we're all non sworn. And uh, so all the stuff comes in, bring it in catalog, you know, notated, the computer where it's being stored, different storage locations in and around headquarters there. Uh, let's see. We keep the, it was called the unholy trinity headquarters. So gunny, excuse me, money guns and drugs, those are all kept at headquarters. And then the rest of it all, we have some off site storage buildings, like 10,000 square foot building that just kind of keeps everything else. Oh
SPEAKER_R: I'd imagine that it just like piles up there, I mean
SPEAKER_L: man. It really does. They always tell you, like, as far as storage facilities and stuff like that go, they say, you know, you want one in one out. So like if you bring in one piece of evidence, you want to be able to purge one. But of course that can't happen. I mean homicides you have to keep forever. Um, you know, there's no, there's no statute there. Even if it's, even if it's something where somebody is found guilty, we've got cases where someone was, you know, this one case where this guy was found guilty and then ended up killing himself in jail. And it's kind of like we still keep it just, I mean, I'm not exactly sure why, you know, in case maybe somebody else was involved or
SPEAKER_R: Right. And then
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: have you,
SPEAKER_R: five
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: years from now they're like, oh we found this person that was connected to that so we need that stuff and uh
SPEAKER_L: yep.
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but then, but then, you know, there's, there's other stuff that we'll, you know, we'll take and, and uh, go do destroy, you know, I mean, all of the media and I think we've got, I think we've got close to 100,000 different, you know, discs just, you know, like cds in just stacks and stacks and rows and rows of these shells of stuff and drugs and Like I said, money will count. You know, we, we counted up usually about every couple of weeks and we'll count it and then deposited with the city. And uh, so we're counting 50, 60, 80 grand every couple weeks. Um, which was nice. We just recently got a cash counter machine since before that, it was just counted by hand, which sucks. Yeah. God, it sucks. Uh, but uh, yeah, but it's neat. You know, see some, see some interesting stuff. Like I said, I'm not a, I'm not a big gun guy. Uh, you know, but I mean there's been some really cool guns. We've seen some really cool stuff. Um, you know, if we get to read a lot of the, since it, since the stuff will come in to us, we'll get to read a lot of the, you know, crazy conspiracy people who leave, you know, a letter on the front steps of the FBI, you know, office building and they'll turn it over to us and it's, you know, talking about, you know, aliens are sending messages about how the new world order and the illuminati, you know, reptile aliens or you know, working with Hillary clinton clinton to, you know, do whatever. So it's uh there's only there's always something new, you know, always
SPEAKER_R: That somebody
SPEAKER_L: was something interesting.
SPEAKER_R: means that a note like that on the, on the step there and then they have presented to you to just
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: file it basically.
SPEAKER_L: feel like, well the at least the one I'm thinking of, they left it there and they left it on the left it on the on the front door, they taped it to the front door of the FBI's office in our in our town. And then they also taped to like five pizza places in town. Not sure. Not sure what that had to do with anything. Not sure what that I mean. It wasn't like that whole Pizza Gate thing. I don't know if it had nothing to
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: do with that. It was just them talking about like uh an asteroid came into our atmosphere and rained gold down on the baja peninsula in California and that the uh, you know, I don't know why they left it on the pizza places. I don't know what that had to do with anything because the letter didn't say anything about that. But it was just this whole rambling, you know, saying that and just, you know, we'll get like, because people will get arrested and they'll have a backpack, say, and the jail won't take a lot of big stuff. So the officers will bring it to us and we'll store it and then whenever they get out of jail they'll come and pick it up. But a lot of them just never do. And so that's interesting too because a lot of them will keep like diaries or, you know, things like that, So, okay, like books of rap lyrics, those are always a big hit around the office,
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: you know, to read their poetry and things like that, you know, it's uh there's always something new going on. Pretty much. So
SPEAKER_R: And cool.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I just started I ended up starting, starting doing prolific, just kinda like I say, for beer money, basically, just uh you know, just to kind of mess around with. And uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's very cool.
SPEAKER_L: this one this one ended up came up, like I say, I uh this one ended up coming up and it was um uh you know, paid a lot better than some of the other ones. And the last couple of rounds I had done it and hadn't ever talked to anybody, I talk to somebody yesterday and then got signed up again today. But that's been that's been about it.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah. Good stuff. I could get
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: get a couple of pounds in there and then it
SPEAKER_L: absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: was not all good.
SPEAKER_L: Give me those great british pounds. I'm all about it. Well then, I think we're almost up. But I have to ask
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: you one more like, is a hot dog a sandwich? Bennett?
SPEAKER_R: Is a hot dog a sandwich perhaps they know.
SPEAKER_L: No. Bennett. Why not? What about a Subway sandwich? That's a sandwich. It's not split all the way. What makes it a sandwich?
SPEAKER_R: question. But I mean that's my first, my first response that comes to mind.
SPEAKER_L: you're you're a man of conviction better. And I like
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: it. Yeah. All right, man. Well, hey, good talking to you and good
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: luck
SPEAKER_R: back
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: in India
SPEAKER_L: congratulations
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: again. And I hope you and your wife can make it back over to china and
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: and take her easy, man.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Youtube. I
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: have a good day.