Uh huh.
Not much, man, how you doing?
yeah, I I just tried one yesterday and there wasn't anybody there? Yeah.
And
some
nice to meet you Andy and benefits. I
live
in, I live in florida and uh actually I've been living in china for the last seven years uh and uh this happened to be back here during february for a visit and now
I'm here.
Fuck no.
Um I did uh I studied abroad there while I was in college and then uh I really liked it, so after college I ended up moving there and becoming a teacher for an english teacher and so yeah, I just been teaching over there and
um I think like just kind of like people, you know, like everybody's and uh everybody's really
like laid back and yes,
more under soaking, you know what I mean, like everybody is a lot more kind of introverted in a sense, but it's really easy to get along with everybody over there and
it's fun, you know? Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, well I just got married uh my wife is chinese and so we got married uh about two years ago and actually we just had a baby a year ago, so
we
so we um that was actually one of the big reasons we're back to visit was so my parents could meet the baby and
hang
out for a bit uh you know, having a nice family time here, so it's just been extended indefinitely,
so.
Right, yeah, we've been with my parents for quite a while and then actually my brother lives real nearby in the same city, so uh he's he had it on place and everything, so he um he's out in a different state right now, you know where he just moved out there for summer, you know get out of the hurricane here hurricane season. And so actually so we're house sitting for him so that works out pretty well for us for now.
there's nothing
thank
you.
Yeah he's he's about uh a year and two months now,
so
back in june so
yeah he's doing really good so it's fun because we get to you know where I'm with him every day and his mom every day so and so
my parents get to see him kind of grew up so there so it's you know it wouldn't otherwise we would have been here for like a month you know maybe and then back over there so so they're getting a good dose of grand baby for now.
it hasn't.
I am.
I wear.
what?
pretty much. I just I didn't know any chinese when I got there, but I've learned, you know, since I was living there and just kind of picked it up on the streets, you know? Uh
yeah, I mean it's it's just uh like Hong kong and they speak Cantonese there and then um in Guangzhou which is pretty much right across the border from Hong kong there. They also Cantonese. But those two areas are pretty much the only places that speak Cantonese, but you know, most of the immigrants, you know in the U. S. Or other places, a lot of those people are from Hong kong and that area. So that's why a lot of people in outside of china will speak. But pretty much, you know 19 percent of everybody in china will speak or understand at least mandarin.
Why?
I speak mandarin so I know mandarin but they're not really and you can't see it at all.
They're
not really, they're pretty,
they're really different. Like Mandarin has like five kind of tones of five different pitches ways to say the words I think can't needs And maybe like seven or 8 just it's a way more difficult than just mandarin I think.
that's the
talent straight there. You got it.
Yeah. Yeah yeah but you know it's so I I speak a lot with my wife so that kind of keeps me at least a little, you know from getting too rusty, you know? But but since I've been here for you know, seven months, you know, not good for my language
because it
because you know, we're just regular random people. Yeah,
among
I
mean yeah, like I mean I wouldn't say a dream in it, but if I'm like, you know, we had lived in a bigger city for you know the first five years I was there when I met her and in that city, you know you could come across some people that spoke english once in a while. But
uh we moved to a smaller town That we've been in for the last like two years and like there's nobody there that really speaks english. So in that you know, just every day speeds are used to just you know, speaking, trying to kind
of get your mind in that way.
definitely.
in the beginning it was pretty early on, pretty interesting, but luckily because I was kind of lazy and didn't want to ever cook for myself, I kind of forced myself to learn kind of you know, food words first and I'm just getting tired so that that help,
yeah, actually it's in a, I've been teaching kindergartens for the most part and so kindergarten over there actually starts when kids are about 2.5, so so yeah, so it's been a lot of like really early childhood education type of learning from me,
Yeah, I mean, yeah there's definitely a big range over there, uh huh you know levels just kind of depending
on the parents, you know, and how much they really want to push the kid to learn and get involved with it, you know, So
Mark
Oh I mean it's generally, I think it's like they want them to learn a second language and then it's like oh well pennant everybody and it says I mean english is pretty much you know the most common kind of international exchange between different countries. So like it people they're dealing with people from Thailand or something and they're probably gonna interact using english
so
that
Yeah. Yeah but I mean yeah that's kind of the go to their for big for the the most parents that want their kids to learn something although you know most of the parents don't speak a word isn't good but you know some of them that do can speak pretty well.
my
man
pretty much, I mean like I've been pretty useless over here trying to like you to online job or something, you know something I can do in the computer because like, you know, my my wife being chinese is really paranoid about all of this, you know, the virus and everything. So and uh my parents are both pretty old so like I don't want to put them at risk or anything, you know. So yeah, I've just been trying to apply for different, you know, customer service type things or whatever and tech support type of
stuff. I just found this prolific kind of randomly earlier on and it's been working out pretty good with the different surveys and uh
little vinyl, you know, experiments and stuff. Yeah.
Jump
back.
Good one.
Go.
You're saying you had you had an essential essential gig so you had you were still, you know, busy with that. What do you do?
I
see.
But uh
in there.
Thank
you.
You know, page
I
have
the drugs and guns.
I'd imagine that it just like piles up there, I mean
Right. And then
like
five
years from now they're like, oh we found this person that was connected to that so we need that stuff and uh
wow.
That somebody
means that a note like that on the, on the step there and then they have presented to you to just
file it basically.
that.
Well,
And cool.
Yeah, it's very cool.
Uh Yeah. Good stuff. I could get
get a couple of pounds in there and then it
was not all good.
No.
Is a hot dog a sandwich perhaps they know.
question. But I mean that's my first, my first response that comes to mind.
All
Well,
back
in India
and
thank you.
Yeah. Youtube. I
have a good day.