Hello? Hi, I'm
barely awake. Yeah
considering
your microphone is kind of like skipping a little bit.
Is it my end?
I'm not doing anything just
remember that. Yeah Um I did one a couple of days ago and it didn't work.
Would be
yeah the guy guy showed up
but not right away, It was like within a I think like 3-5 minutes of starting and then after that like he was on it for maybe two minutes, he was having technical difficulties because I could not see him, I could only hear him and then he went off, came back for like maybe 15 seconds and then I lost connectivity. Um well I had connectivity probably for like I don't know another 10 minutes and then I lost service for five but I came back on for the for the rest of the time because I was like I don't know if I'm supposed to be on here or wait for him, so I just stayed the whole entire you know, 25 30 minutes over that time period and I just said okay, I'm gonna stay here and wait. He never came back so I just had to reschedule.
Yeah. No, they they made me come back and do another one.
No,
I
think it has that's what I'm taking. I'm thinking that there doing certain things on purpose to see how you're going to react or you know, or to see if it's a test or something,
you know like your behavior while you're on the camera.
All
right. Thank you.
No.
All
Yeah, I am from California. Yeah.
Where
do
you say you said you're from Iowa
Okay. I've
never been there. I barely have traveled in the United States,
so but my it's funny because my uncle was born there so my grandfather uh well he isn't adopted grandfather um he was a air force guy and so they were they were military family. My Graham was military family when
she was
married to him. So my mom and uh huh was adopted by him when he married my mom, I'm sorry when he married my grandma and so they had to travel due to his him being in the military and so my uncle uh j was born in, where was he born? Oh my gosh I think it was colorado but I don't not sure and then my uncle john was born in Iowa so.
No no.
Of
course
of course
That's crazy to you because um is it kind of like that in the in the in that area because my daughter's father is actually from Illinois, but he's in east ST louis and then across the bridge is Missouri
The
Only big really big river, I'd say that I saw that, you know, kind of spans, I think I believe the Columbia river spans a couple
of streets and my grandma lives in Oregon, so I've seen it when I went to Oregon and Washington and but so yes, I've been all of the pacific west coast area and we lived in Nevada when I was little, but I've only been there in all those states and then also to florida because my dad's side of the family lives and has lived in florida, so yeah,
thank
you. Okay
expression,
I heard I heard that it's not, they're like I'll take California sun over uh you know, bitter freezing cold with the snow
so
I live in northern California up in san Francisco bay Area. Yeah
my gosh, tell me about it back, that's why I do these types of things because I need to make a little extra money,
you know
the fact that
yeah san Francisco and new york are pretty, pretty darn expensive, I have a really hard time living here. I struggle even even though I don't pay like the full amount of my rent, it's still very expensive to live here. I mean my job doesn't you, you try to try to fight a job that's going to, you know, help you because Um right now I've been making the same amount for like almost five years and the you know the rates, the cost of living has increased like
you
fold.
Yeah. Well they don't give you a cost of living raise like like they used to, you
know and then the company that I work for has uh kind of like a wage freeze, they don't they haven't gone up much and then you know it's been nice because I'm thankful, very thankful that I don't they've had a job even through the pandemic, like you know, it's
been
to have that. Um And I haven't been laid off, which I'm thankful for because I have a daughter is in her 20's and she used to work with me at my job but this thought you know decided that she was going to go off on her own and unfortunately she's been struggling trying to keep a job through this time. She left our company at the beginning of the corona right before they actually did the shelter in place.
So yeah. So yeah but you know she's been doing good and I'm really proud of her because she went out on her own in december and so you know she's been struggling but she lives with roommates and she's been doing okay. So you
know
I work for a medical facility. Um But I'm not I'm not in the medical history, I'm actually like a human resources type of person. Um So I basically helped do the payroll, I do the scheduling, I helped with the training recruiting um you know all that kind of stuff and I wear many hats. Um Some days are more busy than others and it can be a little bit exhausting. Um And you know, but I really enjoy, it's my first time being in administrative assistant. Um I've done customer service the majority of my life and
so,
Never.
You like driving
you too?
True.
but I
I love that. That would be such an awesome job, the enterprise one because right
I love to drive. I've been I've done driving jobs a lot in my life too. Um
And
yeah they are, I mean I don't want to always be sitting for like hours and hours but at the same time like sometimes with driving jobs you meet really fun people. I had this one job where um on the weekdays I drove developmentally disabled adults to their day programs but on the weekend they did like extra jobs and so you could do potentially like help with the wedding like driving people up and down um from because there's there's one church uh everybody wanted to get married at such a beautiful churches on the hill, you can see the ocean from it. And um so you would like pick them up down at the bottom of the hill, take them way up the steep hill and just do it all that all day, but you meet really wonderful people, you help with parties um just different events that you would drive for and it was a lot of fun and I really enjoyed it, but you know like that's just one of the jobs anyway.
huh.
yeah. That's awesome. I remember writing, I wrote, wrote in the Uber a few times and a couple of the times I wrote in the Uber, I had a man that had like literally he was must have been doing like the high end one of the Uber because
he yeah he was like in this really fancy uh car, I think it was like um BMW something but it was like a very high in sports car and I was like oh my gosh, I feel like I'm in luxury, I don't even know why they're this person is driving this type of car,
but
Good.
Yeah. And then another time I was in like a really nice Porsche and that's like my favorite
car ever as a Porsche. And um and I was just like oh my gosh I feel
I feel so like lucky to be in these types of cars, you know? But anyway. Yeah.
Yeah, so and because I was just going to the grocery store and it was this funny,
all right,
that was back when I didn't have a car a few years ago and I needed to get back and forth to you know um because I have disabilities so I it's easier for me to just do that instead of taking the bus and you know that.
Well
when
you're in the metro area like San Francisco you really don't need to have a car. The bus has come like every 10 minutes except on the weekends like 30 minutes but you know it's so much easier and you can everything is connected and you can get from one place to another so pretty easy. Yeah.
Uh Yeah. Well the part that I'm in is marin County which is on
the up so san Francisco is one size marin County is another
of
the bridge.
Mhm. That's correct yes.
So.
So yeah so um then the buses are different there and it's not as frequent and all of that, so.
So as Iowa really just all corn. Yeah.
No.
Oh and I know Nebraska, that's where my mom's side of the family is from, so you know they're cornhuskers, but I unfortunately have never been to Nebraska. Um so I don't know much about, you know the midwest itself and I just, you know, of course you just imagine like certain places has tons and tons of corn or
whatever
they are famous for. So.
I was trying to assume.
nervous.
The
great.
Yeah.
That's
But I mean have you said you've lived in Iowa all your life then?
You
can.
I've lived here is the Madrid what? Except for like one year where I was a little girl and I lived in Nevada. I lived here. You know the majority of my life in the same, same, pretty much the same county the majority of my life. So
yes, but we really need rain and so we did actually have rain after a few months of not having it in a while. We had it for a little bit yesterday, which was nice and it went rain throughout the night to, but I'm really hoping that they get, there's more come in this weekend because we really really need it so bad. All the fires and you know this year really made me want to move to trust me.
So.
Oh yeah it was, you know, and It was, it was pretty scary because at one Um one of the fires came like 13 minutes, not 30 minutes 13 miles from my job. And being that I work at a medical facility, we have 12 patients. And we'd have to try to, we would have to come up with an evacuation plan uh in case and have all that set up just in case, which was really frightening because um we were hoping and praying that it wasn't going to come, you know to close what you didn't end up backing off. Um But it was just a scary situation and then you know my mom lives in Cinema um So she is kind of close to the fires too because napa and then Cinema County uh we're on fire and so it's just you know about three years ago when they had the fires there in um Sonoma County um she had to be evacuated to do during that time. So I was scared about that. Um I even had to put I don't know if you're familiar with Nick soul but knicks Eliza um like an emergency thing and you put it on your phone. Um And that way if there's anything that's happening in your area, whether it's fire or you know like somebody's missing, things like that, they'll they'll alert you if there's something that's happening in your area. Um even if there's like uh get the shelter in place because there's a um somebody on the loose you know that's trying to harm people or whatever the case
name.
Yeah exactly. Something like that. So
it's
it's helpful.
Oh yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. 2020. This seems like
the world
just went to crap.
Thank
you.
First.
No
no
no
of course not.
Mhm.
I have to open up the other screen. I don't know how to do that. We'll still stay in here.
Mhm.
in here.
Okay. All right. Have a good day.
Thank
you.