Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Well yeah mm. Yeah. Mhm. All right Okay. Right. Mhm. Yeah.
Both
I thought of setting
your arm that I used to look at. Yeah I figured that problem. It was a saturday morning. I was uh Yeah. No. Uh huh. So is this the first time I haven't done one of the program?
Okay. Uh I hear a little crackling on your own but I mean I can make out your audio
just a little bit. It might have been just because it's moving or already typing or something.
No. Can you still make out what I'm saying?
I did one by first one actually worked with some gal from florida. We have nice nice conversation. Then the next to the people didn't show up
so
thank you.
Did they? So they probably didn't give you the full $15 and they are not.
Yeah I've had To my first one went okay I got $15 was great, I enjoyed it, I want to do more. I think it's actually kind of cool. Um but uh the next to they didn't show up so I only got the dollar 50 or whatever it is to give you and then so this is my fourth attempt, so I'm basically back in 500, right? So so you've never completed a full one before then or handy?
Okay. Um yeah I mean it's fun, it's you know in a way I'm kind of curious why they're doling out this kind of money just to see people chat randomly. I mean I'm sure it's some kind of psychology thing or something but you know $15
is nothing to me.
Well
sure. Well the first one, first one I did it was very just normal. I mean we both kind of knew, okay just gonna be a random stranger you're chatting with and we chat about you know our
jobs
and uh my big thing is younger fee so I was like where
are you from? I'm
in Iowa, she was florida and I haven't actually florida. So were you from if you
So uh what
part
of northern
yeah, eastern Iowa. Davenport davenport area
Britain,
next.
go
on.
You know what town or what part?
Because I'm in eastern Iowa. Well I'm sure you've heard
of the Mississippi River,
I'm
less than a mile if if I'm going to the end of my street and look out, I can see the Mississippi River and of course and of course right right across from its Illinois, so I'm right next, I'm right next to Illinois, can I'm actually closer to Illinois than I am in some parts of my own city.
Yeah. Yeah. It's very similar because you know that basically the Mississippi River uh forms the borders of like, what is it? 10, 12 different states, the United States. And I mean Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Illinois Missouri Arkansas Missouri Arkansas, I mean all the way down to the gulf of Mexico, the Mississippi River is the border for like all these states. Yeah, it's a if you've never seen the Mississippi River, it's it's unlike anything like most
rivers around the midwest, you look at it like, oh, you couldn't even probably put a boat in that thing. But the Mississippi it's like a mile wide where I'm at massive and you know, it's, it's flowing, I mean it's it's moving water, it's not just a little lake, it's like moving sometimes rapidly, So kind of cool.
yeah,
I was just to florida two weeks ago because my dad lives in
Clearwater.
Yeah So that was a nice
little restaurant from the awful Midwest weather which gets cold you know it's like 85 down here. Yeah.
Oh yeah. Uh huh.
It's not fun. I don't know who's delivered while you know my family here and I've lived here most of my life but yeah the weather here from basically november through March is pretty awful. Yeah. Yeah you know april april may june we got the best weather in the country here but then but then our summers get really hot and humid so but so whereabouts in California?
Cool. That's very expensive place to live in. An early san Francisco.
All
man.
I mean I've heard like A simple apartment in San Francisco for like two or 3000. I mean okay, so I'm 150 miles west of Chicago and Chicago is pretty expensive place the way uh But I don't even think I I think san Francisco is way more expensive than Chicago is.
But the wages never
go up in that something
isn't that something like for for decades cost of living has been going way up and just like you know about like that?
No.
lot of
people. Water.
Like Mark.
where
do you work for?
Yeah, that's rough.
I mean that deal with the public I uh two jobs I work for enterprise, rent a car and I drive cars for them just around the midwest more fleet management more or less just to get their cars where they need to be on the side. I'll do Uber lift
and that's dealing with the public and that's
yeah, actually I do not,
I don't do it, don't do it a lot right now because of the pandemic um you know, I, I did some actually earlier this week and I enjoy the interaction, but with people,
you know, coughing and sneezing, you know, with those people, you know? But but
no, it's fun.
that's a lot.
I love
those times, driving jobs are great.
yeah, well that's like Uber and lift, it's just the cure randomness of the people you meet and most of them are not from this area. A lot of our coming like we have, we have a fortune 500 companies headquartered here and it brings in a lot
of people from all over the world, the world headquarters is here and I get people from europe and Asia and yeah, it's cool. I mean, you know one time I had, I don't know if you ever heard of T pain? No, he was in my car, he was going between shows you gonna show in Nashville and then he was doing the next show in Minneapolis. He stopped and damning for it that night or to chill out and he ordered an Uber come up and took him to a strip club. So, so it's a fun job. It
bollocks.
well I can
tell you why he probably drives for Uber luxe, but what happened was you ordered Uber X which is the cheap, cheap Uber I'm guessing. Okay, so he didn't have an Uber luxe pickup but he remained long dogs and Uber X driver. So basically got Uber lock, service
member expresses, you've got yourself an upgrade is what you got
good.
special
in order to lift once. I also drive for lift but I ordered a lift as a passenger once and I got I got a cadillac so I felt kind of special. They're just mhm. So
you get groceries and style there.
Oh
because I know the bus like I'm sure in the bay area your training with a lot more robust than what we have here
in down for. But
it's
you're kind of out in the outlying area and you're not really in santa
north.
so
you're
north north side of the golden golden gate bridge.
I'm
a geography. So what's
So what you have is a davenport Iowa transit system like what we have. Yeah, not very good now. It's funny you can go over the Illinois side like I said, I'm just a mile from Illinois on the Illinois side, Moline rock island. Their buses run boom boom boom. I mean you can get around on the Illinois side real easy. But you come over here to Iowa and you might be walking, you'll get there quicker. I mean I'm not even joking when I say that the buses and on the Iowa side or just it's a joke. I mean I don't know what they bother one. So
there there are large parts of it that are, but where I live, like I couldn't tell you the first thing about, you know, taking care of pigs are milking the cow. I I lived in a city environment my whole life now you don't have to go
very far from where I live. I guess there are cornfields and yes there are farms But most of Iowa's population now is in urban areas. Des Moines des Moines, Davenport, Cedar Rapids. Family farms died out in the 80s. They really don't exist anymore. I'm not, not every number. Yeah.
we
do.
We do. But most of the people in Iowa are actually in cities. They're not they're not out farming corn. They're they're living in cities are doing jobs like you know going into an office work in HR driving cars like me. Um Yeah there are some farmers like it's a small percentage of the state now. Yeah because.
No no I mean it's understandable because you know 30 years ago you would have been correct. It would A lot of farmers, a lot of family
farms. But then in the 80s the farm crisis pretty much obliterated the head and it's big industrial operations now, it's like everything else. There's fewer people taking care of. Like, you know, airlines became like 30 airlines, what, 40 years ago now we only have four. It's, it's same deal farming, we have to have all these family farms gone now, these big companies
on.
So yeah,
so
many right,
I did live in
Illinois,
which is the next state over for about four or five years, only digital colorado for a while. And I lived in east Moline Illinois, which is literally four miles more. So I've lived in two different states. But the midwest, yes, my entire life been in the midwest.
Well you guys got the best weather in the country there. It seems like.
Yeah, I can see
that the fires. Yeah, that, that was insane. I mean, just, it seems like your entire state was in flames.
Active
shooter,
isn't
it crazy
crazy world. I mean with all the stuff going on, you know, I mean just You know, it seems like 2019, it was a completely different era.
It just
looked like
well and it was because of the coronavirus, I mean that that was the main driver of all this. But
I think
the coronavirus has now kind of spurred a bunch of other kind of unrest. You know, it's crazy and you know, hopefully, you know, I guess there's vaccines coming out, hopefully it will work and we kind of get back to normal again.
I don't think we
can sustain this path
very much longer,
but
Anyhoo um so if this is your first completed uh
chat, I guess well what we do is I think we're pretty close to 25 minute mark. But do you have the other page up? Because that's what
Okay but I think basically what we do on it because the gal who I spoke to the first time she she said oh well after 25 minutes you can just close out the chat window but then you have to go to the other, have you opened this window from, you have to fill out a survey So I'm just kind of letting you know what to expect that after this is over you have to fill out a survey about you know what a big dork I was you know all that kind of uh you know whatever but uh anyhoo uh yeah
This is I'm glad I'm glad you showed up even though you were writing a little groggy when you started at least now we both get our $15. So anyway. But uh yeah, well, he was great chat with you.
All right, well, good luck there in California
you
as
well. Thank you. Bye.