Hi, Do can you hear me? Oh, I can't hear you. Mhm. See, do you see something in the top right corner? The little meat icon? Yeah. Mhm. Or if you um scroll over your video, there's a little little microphone. Maybe my son doesn't work. Uh huh. A joke. My son works. Oh, I don't know any of any sign language, but if I did, that'd be great. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. No. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. I don't know. Maybe this is part of the part of the study. Okay. If we can't get this working, I mean, we could just leave it open for like 25 minutes if you want, you know? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Sure. I think you Do you see the little microphone icon like is that? Yeah, that's that's like, okay. That's on That's really That's it. That's all I can see. That might work the victory. Turning my mic off. Could you hear that? You could hear it even if I turned off the microphone. Okay, Okay. All right, turn, turn it back on. All right, well, I don't know. That's weird. Mhm Yeah, Yeah. Right, Yeah, so
Hello? Mhm Near me.
You
can't
yeah, reverse it. Thanks. Uh huh
yeah, I can hear you.
That's
so
weird.
you
can't
Okay, we're good. All right, we're again, wow, that was weird.
So what let's talk about,
I'm
Andrew what's your name?
nice to get.
That's a long story. Um I went to high school in china and then moved around the world before that, so I'm in college right now, but this is my first time living in the United States. I've lived in seven different countries
actually,
yeah, so uh I was born in kenya and moved to Romania, brazil, Germany Latvia than china And yeah, I studied abroad in Italy um Living in Ghana for a little bit. Yeah, I'm in the US,
That's
awesome. Yeah, I'm in northern California and I'm in the Bay Area. Santa
clara,
santa clara University. Yeah.
I'm
a huge fan, huge fan. Yeah.
So
go sorry, go foot.
I'm studying finance right now.
Not
too bad. Yeah, it's a little bit of a bummer with this whole, the coronavirus and graduating and and uh in this, but it's okay, we'll figure it out.
Yeah. Dude, that's tough. I got lucky. I beat the, The coronavirus cursed by like, like two weeks. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. Super, super. I was super lucky, but the whole thing um Yeah, so, I mean, what do you, what are you, are you gonna be doing? Do you know, given plans?
that's
so cool. One of my friends did that. Um They bought it from an Australian dude. Um uh He was moving back to Australia because of the whole coronavirus saying uh But in the van like he left everything in the van and they found like uh they found a bunch of shrooms, like a big bag of weed. Um What else they find? They found a map that had like all the nude beaches in California. And it was like it was like the most stereotypical like van person and it was hilarious.
Nice. That's awesome. What do you like? Like do you have any idea like what kind of man you want or like where are you looking
That's awesome. That's such a vibe. Like your
that's
awesome. Has been working out for you.
damn dude, that's awesome. Yeah I I just got started with it Like maybe a month ago, I've only made like $10 so like this will be this will be a big booth that you know. But
yeah I saw it and read it because I was looking through some like Reddit post like how to make money like you mean?
your money, that's literally where I found it. Uh
Look
I haven't
I haven't used it yet, I've got I've heard mixed reviews, it's kind of like
hope.
Oh shit okay might as well. Yeah I'll try that. Yeah I've been not going to make some sort of money right now, it's it's kind of tough.
That's awesome. Yeah you do you use Reddit for other stuff for now?
I love Reddit, I've been on it for a while now.
That's
awesome. Are you are you big into that? Nice. I just did. Um this is my third shrooms trip uh Like two weeks ago it was like a micro dose so we didn't do too much. I'm looking like slowly up it and you know start seeing some visuals and all that sort of stuff really. It was but all three times have been great. Really good time
mail
me a letter, wow,
What the hell of it. Yeah. What do you like more? Do you like uh rooms or LSD more?
Is it just like how come?
Yeah. I haven't had too much nausea with hold on. The person that I've been doing it with is is like super experienced with it. And they've been like feeding me chocolate with it and everything. I mean I think it's more for the taste than it is for nausea. But yeah, I also haven't been doing too much of it. so.
It
just
doesn't like it at all.
No. Not
ideal. But you know. Kind of a move. But then there's jealousy. You might as well do that. Okay.
Holy shit. Damn. Yeah. I haven't done it before but I know that's a lot
nice. Where do you do you make it or do you like where do you where do you get it?
That's
incredible.
It
looks
like
little stamp incredible. I might
I
might give you my
information.
That's nice. Um Yeah I mean like what like where would you go if you had with the van?
Oh what's what's massachusetts?
I haven't beneath the
row but he's a classic.
That's awesome. Yeah. So much freedom with the van like that.
Yeah. And it's tough. It's just it's so weird. I mean there's places all over the U. S. That are just completely open now and we're up here like, I don't know like I don't think we should open up yet, but it's just, it's a weird, I don't know. I don't know what the belief. Uh you know, let's try and stay as safe as possible. Police.
No,
not at all. It's called. Yeah. Something.
I saw the video. I came around. I think it was texas somewhere where it was like a bar that was completely right. Like people are just fucking on top of each other. Crazy. I don't know. It's weird. Like I get like, I can't imagine myself being in that situation right now. It's like around a lot of different people.
None
of that. None of that joost right? It is what it is I guess right now. Yeah. So like if you could live anywhere like in the US, I guess you got the van, so you can go anywhere, like literally anywhere. Um well like where would you, where would you live? Like Cinnabon?
Living with the real life?
That's awesome. Why, why thorough? Like what is interesting about very
in a christian context, that's an interesting way of looking at it on, Yeah, I don't know, I santa clara Jesuit University, so it's like catholic, um but they don't push religion on you, but at the time there's always like, you know, a little bit of religion, like, oh you're Catholicism's take on it. Um and Jesuits are pretty open minded, but I've never been exposed to any of that kind of thinking before. I'm not really religious at all. My parents aren't either, so you know, it's like a completely different way, yeah, not a completely different way of seeing the world, but just a very specific way of seeing the world. Uh you know, and it's interesting seeing how all these other concepts that I've heard of before and we're learning, I'm learning in the classroom ship. You know how, how like someone who comes from a faith based, uh, you know the background, you can look at that and see it in a different way. You know? It's interesting to me, it's just interesting seeing, you know, just different thought processes and well
shit,
Where'd you go?
Okay. Damn. What denomination are they? Are they like blinker
will not?
really? I hope like for what? Just because it was all bible stuff or like
wait, they removed it and they got what?
of course. Like it kind of makes sense.
Just
like a flip flop like back and forth all over the place, jeez
thanks.
Just kidding. Yeah wow. So they just put a ban on L. G. B. T. Q. People or
no
or like material
difference?
I
don't know.
Yeah. No it's much that is crazy. Yeah. I'm glad it's not pushed super hard here. Like you have you have a lot of freedom to explore it if you want but they don't force anything down your throat. So it sounds like if you came from a similar background with not having much religious anything but then you did you find something like was it like did you think your chapel
three
times a week was like ended up being a good thing?
Isn't that I could be entirely wrong here. I had a conversation with someone who is a philosophy major recently and they were saying uh that philosophers usually have, I guess for lack of better word, an agenda with their philosophy and I can't remember who was an english Nietzsche that had like, so he was, he wasn't outwardly religious in the, like the philosophy that he had, but it was like in his end agenda or end purpose was to prove that there was some higher power and that christian perspective, is that like entirely wrong or do you know anything about that, I could just run falls out here, I don't know.
shit,
once,
but then when there had to been another like this might just sound stupid like another God to make that God.
yeah, I'll go for it.
Just like inherently.
Okay, that's cool, that's like, yeah, I don't know, I never, I never got into philosophy classes, I ever took one, but I feel
Yes. Yeah, wow. Yeah, that's not, it's so interesting hearing people talk about it because it's like not necessarily just people talk about it, but people who are passionate about it talk about it because it's like or just talk about anything that they're passionate about because it's it's the one thing to know something, but it's something entirely different to hear. Like, like why? It's so cool, you know what I mean? And it makes me want to think, you know, look into it more so I'll definitely, I'll check it out. Mhm.
Yeah. So did you,
did you graduate as a philosophy major or?
damn.
awesome, cool. Yeah. Has
something similar to that,
awesome, So do you make music?
awesome. And what made you want to go into like the communication studies side of things?
Damn.
Well let's
take like nationally or or.
dude that's still jake. That's awesome.
That's
really going to like debate club, our debate team started you get up and is like a panel of people that are debating each other or is it just like you versus one other person? Uh huh.
Okay, that's pretty cool. Yeah, I don't I don't know anybody that does debate team, but there's um something similar where I I can't remember exactly what it was, but all the pre law students do something similar to that where they like there's a philosophical argument essentially or there is a case, it's like a case comp essentially where the case that that these teams are given from different schools. I know people in the state of para one um and they get you know three months or whatever to to prepare their argument for like side should whatever should win or lose. What should be done based off of philosophical uh, physicals and tenants and stuff like that. And uh, the person that I know actually like there, they're like smaller team on the santa clara team, like they like one national last year, which was like sick. Like how
about, it's like, wow, you guys are national winners. That's crazy. But yeah, it seems like really cool. What was your favorite part of like doing that sort of thing? It sounds like you're just kind of completely fell in your lap. Like you didn't really know if,
That
part of the country is absolutely gorgeous. It's really great.
Yeah. I mean the west coast is especially beautiful in my opinion, Especially If you drive up like Highway one, um, which is like absolutely the same and then you get further north and you start I mean even if you can drive along the coast there it's absolutely beautiful but if you get inland a little bit you start seeing things like huge forests and like water
rate
and.
it's good.
Yeah it's really pretty. It's one of the biggest things that I'm happy about being up here for is that I'm so close to like Santa Cruz in the beach and Big Sur and Highway one in San Francisco and all those all those places like right here. Um It's been really really nice. But yeah man it looks like we hit our 20 around the 28th minute. It's good talking about
how do we end it?
it does peace.