Hello? No not at home. Hello Miriam
I can't
hear you
at all. Yeah,
you hear me at all?
Yeah you can hear me,
I can't hear
you
okay I can I can hear you
too
now.
I know the sound wasn't worked yeah
um it just, it says I'm like just pretend like we're just meeting, getting to know each other so what's
your name?
I'm Fran Fran Francisco,
missing me too. So where you from?
Oh wow, Which ones? So
china?
wow, that's pretty cool. Well I'm from southern California so I'm pretty much born and raised
down here.
part?
Okay sorry Clara which which university
figure it's political
there
down
so at least
what are you studying?
Okay, not too
bad.
You know I definitely feel that I graduated in december and there's no work out there.
Oh
really? I'm glad to hear you. Beat it
Okay well well I had a plan and then this whole stuff went down, so right now I'm currently saving up to buy a van to live
Addo.
honestly that's going to be me. That all that stuff is definitely going to be in there.
Well I'm looking at like the older like 80s and early 90s, like the Chevy G20, like that classic Kip. Even
honestly like I don't want to have enough. I mean doing like the prolific to get some extra cash
and whatnot
isn't working out pretty good. I've been using it since 2019 and I've probably made like Maybe like 150 200 Bucks.
I just keep it open, make sure you like do all the demographic stuff because usually get them rolling and then I just have it up and then something like the notifications go up and then there's a study
dear manner.
Also I recommend swag books.
Have you swag
books?
Okay, so there's some right now, if you look there's some money in the games.
So there is this one like Slot one which it took me two days and I made like $25.
Yeah. Yeah. It's not too bad. Like you can make $20 here and there. You just got to know when I like a lot of the game offers and then use beer money in the swag books. I'd read it and honestly like if you know like what wants to do, you can you can get some money.
Yeah, I used ready for a lot of stuff.
Okay, me too. I definitely love like the psychedelic acid room. Those are my favorite
ones.
To give me your info. I cannot mail mail
you a letter
and then your letter hurry.
We'll probably jealousy.
Well, which rooms like, I don't know. Like I get to nauseous on it. Yeah. So like as a whole, like pretty much ruins the trip.
Yeah, I do it. I've tried like tea or tried like a tech. I think it's, my stomach doesn't
like
it.
Yeah. But you know, if I like throw up halfway in, I feel better the entire time. Listen. No ideal.
But
I maxed out on three times.
Oh, it's a fun time. I get, I get my wholesale, so I should just hook up my homies.
Well my plugs blood. Uh, she just mails me like sheets. And if I ever wrote my friends a letter, I just, sometimes I just stick
one in there
because it's just like a little thing and then you pop up your
friend
to
get them.
It
does.
And
your, your instagram, you know?
Well, I'm planning my long term is to get into massachusetts.
Okay. Well there's Walden pond, like I love Henry david Thoreau, I like see all like the Merrimac and concord river, the east coast,
but
Oh yeah, here's a classic transcendentalist and, but first I want like, it's like, like I definitely like Norco Portland Oregon, Seattle Utah colorado, kind of like the whole west coast first.
Yeah, definitely. But it's hard though because now like no gyms are open or anything, so
Yeah. I mean, I don't know, it's just like, I mean definitely having the beaches and stuff opens nice, but people aren't observing all the social
distancing.
You don't sunbathe and there's tons of people.
Yeah, like as much as I want some open, like no one was even wearing masks or
anything.
Um, I think for a little bit like I want to settle down either like massachusetts or maine or Vermont this kind of living, living the van and you know, work at some like little small town,
the throw like, you know, see what happens, do sufficient.
it's just, I just love his concepts and stuff, but it was like a, like I do love transcendentalism, but one of my goals is like, I want to write a book focusing on like a lot of the ideas of transcendentalism and then saying and then converting into like how the, the divinity and mysticism behind nature in like a very like christian context.
definitely. For me, I kind of have the same background, but I went to a christian school too and they did kind of push it like he had to go to chapel three times a week. You you pretty much had a minor in biblical
studies.
Uh is this the pacific university?
It's like
a wet lian but non denominational. It's not the move they got, they last year they got the news pretty hard.
No I had to do with some of the the policies that they had in their handbook. So essentially they remove the same sex relationship ban in the handbook and then the boy got mad
and then the board on I guess it wasn't like the like the board approval. So then they put it back in the handbook and then a lot of people got mad
and then they take it back out
again.
and then it was it was a big ordeal like
I know a lot of like they like they did come out and then they had to be like oh crap
well it was always in the handbook that it
was what was the freezing
green?
It was a personal prohibited
or
people still it was there but in the fish like the bad.
I
don't
it wasn't the chap chapel was like boring but like I think it was looking what kind of was the turning point was like this into the philosophy philosophy class I took. We're like almost like going to a point we're looking at like philosophically proving God and then without you like.
Yeah. Well in my case like I was just kind of noodling around in the philosophy class and then like just like he was just presenting like all the you know the stock arguments and like just like philosophy like from the ground up and then but but like looking at kind of like I think what kind of got me in the door was the causality argument where if everything has a cause then there must have been the something that caused the original cause which is the un caused cause
would would have to be a god or multiple gods. And then even if there were multiple gods there must have been a singular god who have made multiple
gods
maybe, but I think from the way I interpreted it is like there has to be like a single, so like monotheism Is like the most one. That makes sense. And then yeah
and then there is called like theological argument. So looking at like how everything has order and structure. If you look at the microscopic level, the cellular level like there's so much structure in order that there must be structure in order to the entire universe.
Okay. Yeah, I think so, yeah.
How old I would look at? Just like try to find some like basic because it all it's yeah, at first you're like, I have so many questions, I don't understand this and then you're like, okay, I kind of understand this, But now I'm like 20,000 more questions.
Yeah, there's there's some good stuff out there,
so.
Oh, um No, I was I was I was an interdisciplinary studies major,
so I was the first person to graduate with a degree. So essentially I made my own program.
So
so I did communication studies and music.
Um I don't wanna singing, I play guitar, trombone. Um Music was like wait a little bit less. But I originally started as like a music major.
What it all started because like money because when my friends on the debate team and okay, we got tons of scholarships available and I was like shoot army on the debate team. I went to like my first competition and it wasn't the best thing ever. But we got flown to colorado, we got our ass kicked by
all the schools. I mean The second tournament had prepared for and stuff and and again, six place in 3rd
place.
It was, it was a tournament, like a bunch of schools.
Yeah, yeah. And then as I kept going like I was, I learned that like I got a lot better at public speaking and it came a lot easier to
me.
It's usually so there's a different one, so it's like one versus one and then there's a different type that's like a team, two versus two. And then aside from mentors also like speaking events. So I did a couple species I do was informative speaking persuasive speaking communication analysis and then there's interpretive events which is kind of like presenting an argument through acting. So I did like a duo and then like a prose where like you take up like kind of like a almost like someone's like a almost like a ted talk cut that to kind of a story and then that's supposed to like bring, bring up like another like an actual argument.
Wait.
yeah, I think just learning that like I'm a better, I guess better public speaker than I thought I was. And then I think like really just like I don't really remember like the competitions or a lot of the debates or anything but it was just kind of like the time start with team members growing and bonding. And then my favorite thing from the whole experience was we drove from Seattle to Spokane Washington and it was like pouring rain but like we, it was like a five or six hour drive but the rain was like making like little waterfalls and then like there was like I've never seen like trees grow that tall and into like rocks and
stuff.
Yeah and that's that's partly what inspired like my van stuff like there's so much beauty out there in the world, like I got to see more than just California gold.
you know
I
did I spent a semester in sacramento, so I studied at their policy and then so I took the one to the one on one and I just wrote that all the way up by slow
all of san Francisco.
Why they're talking to you too?
I don't know, you're just, oh no, I think you just click next and then you close this video.