Yes. Hello,
how are you?
Fine.
have gone in like
Okay. Um I have done it,
this
is my 3rd 1 like
three
times.
okay.
How is it going? The,
did they like
did
they, Yeah, they did everybody show up?
No, I said did your partner showed up your child but not your off in in the tube.
Oh okay. I'm from um that's Carolina here. United States.
Well
okay. I think I have so many friends that texas. Houston right. Yeah.
term
paper.
How is, how is that side? Because I think recently we are talking about texas um if we if we can move from here to texas, I don't know. So we kind of a lot to figure out if we know somebody um that can easily tell us more about that side because I mean when it comes to renting apartments and other stuff in the year, whether it is in uh cheap,
uh we are going to Houston, yeah that's where we're going, we are planning to go
that's
definitely,
are
you serious?
think
my
gosh,
I
yeah, yeah it's very frustrating, you know Oh my God, I don't know when this covid 19 is going to stop, I was thinking that everything is kind of you know, coming to him and all of a sudden everything now boss again you know there were
like
benefit oh my goodness,
come on.
come on. Yeah,
yeah that's true, you know, so Uh huh there's a lot of things I don't know, I was thinking I was happy because I was like thinking that maybe towards december time this person will actually come about right from what I'm hearing right now, I think he's gonna be nice to you. I don't know.
Yeah. It's
very very crazy.
No.
No,
I don't
have anything.
that's
They're always like giving oh
my God, they can't like they are too, they can't watch the same thing, you have to put different things if they're playing something she doesn't like she would start crying.
I
You also it's my me I can't wait and this one is two and uh my daughter, she's to another one is for two of them. Yeah,
they are giving me head, I can't wait for them to be nine. So
what?
Yes. Oh my goodness.
Every time I keep on keep on separate and fight like I want to watch this, okay, I'll say okay like okay let me just put this for this one, let me just put this for this one. But I don't get size fashion, they will keep on fighting, they will fight for toy, they will fight for oh my goodness. Oh my goodness, sometimes
I'll be going crazy.
Looking,
it
it
Seriously,
Oh my goodness.
Well I
love that, you know. Oh God, I know I love guys, this one's they don't know, this one would can easily share this, my um two year old baby can easily share with the other with my four year old boy, but that one, you know, especially when it comes to toy car, toy No he doesn't like to share that. Oh my goodness, he will fight, you will fight to the glass to make sure that nobody touches the toy, you know? Oh
my goodness, how are you saying about this election for the thing, you know? It's kind of crazy a lot of things going on.
they
Yes, that's
you see
that's another thing.
Oh my goodness.
I know
what
I think.
Bye.
I am
I'm
what?
they
and
that's
another thing, you know? So
because I don't know for some reason um the the the vice president uh Harris or what up So she was I saw her on instagram, that's why there's this picture she puts talking to uh is the three year old girl you know was I don't know what I see is on instagram, she was like accent the girl or the uh no legal was telling her um please I want to be I want to be the president when I grew up. And she was like yeah and she was like and she was like telling the girl That okay that you can be here, you can be president but you have to reach 35 before you can become the president of the United States. So the young actor, can I be the president of astronauts? Uh she said yes you can be the yeah she said you can be the president of here, you can be the president of astronaut. Okay. So
but I don't know for some reason people started attacking her. This is to me this is kind of you know this is kind of lovely. She talking to that little girl but
you
still the way before we are attacking her many people we are saying a lot of trash, they were like yes you have to tell her what you need to get to their positions. Uh Some people are talking rubbish down. He was like okay you have to sleep with different people to reach that position. I said I don't know understand what people are talking. Oh my goodness.
Then
senior
No,
go
and
you
know
I
don't know. I don't like the
way
the
people attacked her. Oh my God.
Who knows?
You know?
And
my
good
man.
Thanks.
As ali
and
violent
Yes. Like when when trump was saying I'm going to make America great again, I'm going to make America great again. I was like, okay let's let's let's let's watch and see what is going to happen. Okay, When this started disturbing so many people, he doesn't care that man, I don't know how they managed to put, how they managed to put a businessman into politics a
month.
Doesn't
want
anything.
Yeah, he's a businessman isn't like because everything in this country is going to be a business. That's why he's having some business with Russia.
But
oh my goodness.
that's another
thing.
And suddenly
everybody
goes,
Mhm. Exactly. I don't know the reason why why republicans and democrats, why told them they should be fighting. What they should focus is somebody that would make american great, again
make
everybody
feel report, yeah, they should work together and becoming, I don't know why um why they are doing um this is a republican, this is democracy, this and blah blah blah. I don't I don't, I don't understand the whole thing and trump is kind of say I'm going to steal this. People. Why not give me, Yes, I love that, but why not give trump is trump? Yes, he has been a president, but he's he's not doing well as a president, so let us give another person a chance to see what actually the person will do for the
country that once I believe not because he's a republican, because he's a democracy. Uh they have to see them, they're still votes from us. What about what that person will do when the person becomes the president?
Nobody
cares.
Well,
no
democrat
in the first.
there.
that's
true.
he
but
And
that's
true.
that's, that's true, you know, let's just see what is going to happen, you know? Um because I don't know right now um this is the kind of the craziest, you know election I've ever seen before, so
many
things, so many things like you know, oh my goodness, like so
many things people actually for this is the one of the you know um election I've never even seen before,
other
people.
I don't I
don't
understand,
Oh my God, as 2020s, it's kind of 2020 is something else, you know,
of things has happened.
my goodness. Uh thank God are we about to enter at least the last month of the year? Let us see what 2220
is
going to be for
us, you know,
I
can
give you water. Yeah, Oh
my
goodness,
lot
of
things, yeah, let's
see how everything goes, you know, I hope we are hoping for the best no matter who is the president, you know donald trump to me, he did not try as a president, he messed up so many things he couldn't do the he couldn't do the president job. And one thing about
him, he doesn't know how to endure if you fight back him, he he was qualified by if you tweet about him he will come after you.
I
thank
you
mm hmm. Exactly. But he wants to be all those things like why would you ban? Okay but Muslims bomb this one band this one from coming all this that you know so I know yes there are so many things happening but there's a way you can easily do something you know it's not affect and everybody because not
all
Muslims
are bad. Yeah.
as
as
And
family.
Hell yeah.
So I'm thank God we are hoping for the best that I'm happy. Uh at least we have a woman as a vice president of the vice president. So we are hoping
that
you know not not not really because it's a black woman money because he's a black she's a black woman because you know I have hope that sunday you know women can I have so many rights in this you know.
Yeah. I don't know you know because you know people I don't know people are started talking that job I did is to it's too old to rule the country you know all these days. I
don't
know how.
don't know but but but let me I think to me why I I said that he might be good is because he's he's once a vice president and kind of Obama will be there yeah mama
will
be there to direct
him.
yeah so Obama is always there for him. I think Obama would help him most of the things I like Obama and Sasha Obama stone is not the guy is an easy going guy. He has a great personality, I just love everything about that guy. He's very smart, intelligent you know I know even though many people do not like him but I love for the father uh he's kind of social, it doesn't take himself as a president, he plays around with different people with kids, invites everybody around him as set everybody around him you know I set accommodate everybody you know so that's one thing I love about him that's how president is supposed to be. Not every now and then I'm like the oh my goodness what donald trump? No no no no donald trump is
another
thing.
they
just
as
and sally
and totally
Alice you have to consider all those people that voted for you not you know um just um already self center this is only me, this is about me other than that. So Let's see we are hoping for the best but you know let's just see worth 2021 we you know would be let's see how everything you know let's see how Joe Biden will fight for this virus because that's the most important thing virus and this gun violence to me that is the most important me for them to solve and the races as well. He
knows
the honest it's
very
important
what
boss
and suddenly
and suddenly
It's
probably
you know I think one of the guy I chatted with uh this horrific this and we are doing do you know this guy was telling me I don't care about like this when you say the first pleasure so that this chat uh he said I don't care about this Covid 19. I have never even seen anybody that suffered the covenant that are just showing us in television that people people has been contacting covid 19 but he's not sure if that is real and to him he doesn't yeah give a damn that he doesn't wear a mask and all the stuff. You know I was like yeah.
Nothing.
What?
Near.
Mhm. Yeah that's true. You know because I don't I was thinking that those people, even if this I don't know which one is true. Which one is not right. I don't know. Since they say it's um this covid is from lap lap lap. I don't know how they put it. But I think if this if this is from love, they're supposed to have something that that that we used to, you know, cure the diseases. Because I think this is kind of something that trying to test maybe all these uh they're using to fight for all these world war, something like that. I don't know. And also This is ridiculous for me and many people, many people, many people, many people have died because of this. You know, COVID-19 you know, a lot of things. You know, still there are still fighting for the um to bring out the vaccine. But I'm hoping for the best that everything will actually work out fine because people are still that many people are still contacting the company. I don't know when all those things is going to. You know, and even people that are saying they were must, you know, they contacted the something kind of wondering how how did this happen? So uh
so we're hoping for the best. Yeah. All right. Now. I think he's uh he's already
Hey.
Make
Nice stuff that went to at least you are one of the best people have ever chat so far.
What?
Yeah. Okay. All right
now.
I'm
nice
day. All
All
right. You food.