Come on. Yeah, it's like, and because I believe, I can't believe I Oh yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Thank you. Mhm. Mhm. Baby. Yeah. Here. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yes. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yes.
Hello?
Good. How are you?
Awesome? Have you, is this your first study like this or have you done it before? Yeah, I've done one before.
No,
thank
you.
my
second.
So yeah.
So
pretty good. Um
She's getting ready
to go.
Huh? It's
Um well in the previous one. Yeah. So I had one scheduled for yesterday where the partner did not show up, but then I did one about two weeks ago where I, I did speak with somebody, I spoke with a guy from Hawaii. So yeah. Where are you from?
Mhm. Yeah, I mean I'm in Idaho at the moment, but I'm originally
from texas, so
yeah, I, I grew
up
in Dallas and I've lived in san Antonio and Austin also, so
depends on where you go. I mean um you know, I know obviously there's places that are fairly cheap and there's places that aren't it, it really just kind of depends on where you go, what part of, what part are you planning on possibly going to What?
I don't know much about Houston, I've I've got um I know a couple of people who live in that area, but I don't know too much about it. Um So yeah, there's I mean I know a couple of people that have been in that area, but I spoke to them recently so. But yeah, I know
that right now because you know the with the whole virus thing and everything, you know, texas got hit pretty hard and
Houston's actually hit one of the hardest, so it's kind of a uh it's a
hot
spot at the moment. Yeah, from what I heard it's a hot spot at the moment. It's actually probably the hardest hit city in the whole state. I
was like uh I
wish
that spiral head
it's it's just turned the whole world upside down. It's really kind of frustrating.
It's
like
it just keeps coming and going and it's like there's no end in sight and and the whole world has gone completely upside down and you know it's like okay well you know what do you do? I mean
it's like our entire society has shamed just because of this virus right?
But
yeah that's kind of what I was thinking. It's like okay I'm hoping that by the winter it's squashed. But then obviously it's not so because you know it's just it's crazy
but
everybody has gone completely wacko like now because you know you either have people you either have
people that don't take any precautions at all, they just don't care or you have your people that are like like really germophobic and everything and like there to the extremists like I mean I'm I'm okay with taking
precautions, reasonable
precautions
but you know I've seen I've seen people that go completely now you get a little
one over there. Mhm. Mhm.
Mhm.
Uh Yeah. Uh minus
minus quite a bit older. He's nine but and you know he's at school right now but you know, I remember when he was that age so you know it was like and of course you know he was funny because you know they always say the terrible twos, he didn't have the terrible twos, he had the terrible threes, he was a little little, his threes were worse than his twos. Uh huh.
2 to 4.
they're a little more
independent and stuff and then then then you get them a little bit more mao zi too though
it's like the
what?
I'm actually really impressed with mine because he has you know he's an only child but he's actually been really good at sharing most of his life. Which is
impressive because most of the time when you have an only child they don't understand
sharing because they don't have to
you know they don't have siblings to share with so they don't get it but I don't know why he's just I never had to teach him that concept. He just got
it. Yeah I mean he's had other issues but sharing was not one of them.
Thank
you.
dangerous.
Oh my gosh it's nuts. Well you know the the whole thing, the annoying thing about the election is no no matter which candidate you support my problem is they don't debate
the issues anymore. They just attack each other
and it's
like,
I don't care who you support, They don't attack, they need to be, you know, they need to be tackling the issues not each other and it's like they just, they feel like they have to cut each other off and they, you know, I'm right and you're wrong and blah blah blah and it's just like, okay, you know,
give your perspective on the issue, but don't attack the other person. And it's just like, I mean
high
school
high school debaters are taught that and these are things are 17 year old guys, so you know, so like, you know, I mean most people I know don't like to talk politics, but I'm like I don't care who you support, but they need they need to debate the issues, not that, you know, and that's that's my biggest problem is, you know, because I'm middle
of the road. So, but you know, this whole
election, it's it's kind of funny though because, you know, my, most of my family, my my son and I actually just came back from living in the UK first, um, 2.5 years. We came back about six months ago and we're staying with my mom and my stepdad until we get back on her feet and my mom and step dad are strong trump supporters. And I knew
like I knew biden
was going to win it. Uh, you know, before they they didn't want to
admit it. They're like, no biden is not going to win it, but I'm not going to win it. And it's like, well, you know, whether you like him or not, he it didn't just win it but he like blue way ahead. You know I mean the numbers that the electoral votes were pretty far apart but it's like you know like that again you know, no matter who you support it's like the numbers show that you know one ones that you know you they just they
just didn't want to accept reality of you know the fact that their candidate didn't
didn't win.
No.
Yeah.
I thought
it was
Well
for one
thing there's no you know
whether you like her or not, there's no reason to be hostile when she's you know talking to a little kid and
then and then you
know
and
you don't need to explain to a little kid everything that's involved even if you were because the thing is she's too young to understand all that, you know, at that age, encourage them to follow their dreams, but they don't need to know all the details. You know, you
know,
we
may
have
no, you know, we may have a budding politician there. Maybe she'll be a decent politician, you know, because we don't get very many of those. So,
who
knows? Maybe this little girl grow up to be a decent politician
for one. So, you know. Yeah, yeah, because most
of the time,
they,
most of the time they promise you what you want to hear, but they really just have self serving interests. They, you know, they just tell you, they tell you what you want to hear. My mom and my stepdad have a word for it. They call it petting the cat. That's that's what they call it, when somebody just tells you what they, what they think you want to hear. And that's what most politicians do. So it would be nice to actually, it would be nice to actually
have a good down to earth politician regardless of which side they're on or whatever. But someone that's down to earth that comes clean that just instead
of telling you what you want to hear, just tell
it like
it is and they don't do that. So
I
know.
That's what
I
that's what I always wondered. I'm like, he's not a president. He's a businessman.
Well, what is this the guy, you know this, this is the guy who said that, that um, Ingesting bleach could, could cure COVID-19 or something like that. Like because because there's some active ingredient or whatever supposed to cure
like really?
He just makes me laugh. But you know this thing, I don't talk politics with very many people actually because most people are just constantly judging you and Right Right, right, right. And you know, and it's like if you don't agree with them, you're wrong and and it's like,
you know,
but I'm like no, you know, I actually, I have a couple of friends that I can talk to you about almost anything and I like it because even if we don't agree, you know, we understand each other better when we when we don't agree, we back it up with reasoning and we understand each other better and I wish more people could do that
because
most people
it's like their way or no way
they
should be working
together.
What?
Well in the whole
system
the whole system's
way to adverse adversarial anyway and of course, you know, we've had a history of like you you almost never have to republicans in a row or two democrats in a row unless they get two terms, but like you never have you never have to different republicans that are over two different, it's republican democrat, republican democrat, republican democrat, it goes back and forth and you know, but it's too adversarial, like they really need to be focusing on working together even in in the Senate and everything, you know, the Senate and the House, they
just, you know, it's all adversarial, it's all republican versus democrat instead of republican working with democrat and and
you know, and of course there are technically
other parties, but do we recognize them?
No. You know, you've got the libertarian party, you've got the Green
Party,
you've got the whatever. But See there are countries
that have four or 5 parties and really, I think the U. S. Would actually be kind of better if it had more parties working together more than just two recognized parties working together because you know I'm not saying I necessarily agree with the other parties either but if you had four or five parties and
they were working together toward a common goal it would make things a lot better
instead of being so adversarial and instead of being so just one or the other because there's
there's
more than there's more than two ways to do things you know? So.
gosh it's
nut
that
this whole
year
is just crazy though. Like everything about this year is nuts. The election,
the
virus
the whatever. Like
I said
I saw somebody post on Facebook before before daylight savings happened. Somebody posted on Facebook that it was about to happen and they're like I'm not going to turn my clocks back because we don't need another hour of 2020. Okay.
let's
isn't
hopefully
2021 will
be
better.
It'll be
interesting
to see how
that
goes.
So.
and
well and when when he first started he passed, he signed several
executive orders that he should not have done on it. Like he needed he needed the congress's support and you know, he didn't have it on those, he didn't even he didn't even try, he just tried to push it through on his own and it's like dude, you know
you're a
president, not a dictator.
Well
when
there's
I was gonna say there's good people and bad people in every group. You know there's there's trashy white people, there's good white people that's trashy
Muslims,
good Muslims, there's trash, any black people, there's good black people. It doesn't matter it doesn't matter every every race every culture has good and bad people that's just all there is to it and you can't really you
know
you can't hold the entire race or the entire country or you know whatever responsible for what if you miss content to do or malcontents you know Do so
it's shit.
any
way.
and that's the thing is you know we haven't had a female president um You know yet I mean Hillary came close but not you know not quite but so I mean be interesting it will be interesting when we finally do have our first female president. Be interesting to see what she's like. No.
It does
seem
scatterbrain sometimes. Yes.
He
was
with me for
a biden. Yeah I mean for Obama. Yeah.
I
mean you
got to be friendly and personable and stuff regardless of which party you're in you've you've got to be personable and you know and you know you can't just have this high and mighty you know I'm better than you are because I'm present attitude like some of these people do you know they think that they're they think that they're
just because they represent
the country
that they're that they're better than the average citizen and it's like no
you know we're the ones who put you in power and you know
so
I'm
hoping,
I'm
hoping
they come up with a vaccine soon and I'm hoping that
when they do the world will bounce back
to its its normal
itself you know? Um
because so much has changed and my concern is that even once they do have a vaccine, a lot of people like a lot of the changes, some of the things will go back to normal, but I'm thinking some things may not go back to normal, like the
normal,
we may have a new normal, you know and it's just weird. Yeah.
that's something you got to find a happy medium. I mean you know I know like my um my dad is like masks and gloves and whatever and everything, you know, I'm not okay mask but I don't usually do the gloves or whatever. I do keep my distance from people. But the thing is I don't like people invading my personal space anyway so you know it's hard list. But the thing that gets me though is it's I mean
it sucks that this whole thing has happened. But you had like the back in
back about 100 years ago. As a matter of fact, he had the spanish that was just as bad, if not worse. And
you know, it didn't, it didn't have the same effect on the world as this one is having. It's kind of interesting because you know, you're 100 years later, the world goes upside down over a similar situation.
Okay,
let's see. 26. Yeah, so we we got our our um but yeah, I mean it's it's been good chatting with you and and uh you know, I've enjoyed it and you know, it's been kind of cool because I've been able to talk with you about things that I can't talk
with a lot of other people about because like I say, you know, I don't I don't usually open up about politics because people are too judgmental. I was kind of nice to, you know, to have somebody that I can talk
to openly. So that was pretty cool. Yeah.
Well, I would like to say you're only my second one, but I've enjoyed this one I think more than I did the first one. The other guy, he was okay, but he was he was a little dull, but he was okay. It wasn't it wasn't bad, but you know, it wasn't wasn't as interesting as this time around,
so
we're cool.
All right, well,
have a
good day
and yeah, stay
safe and