Hello
kid, how are you?
Yeah, wow. This is my my third time trying to get connected to someone who actually showed up.
Yeah. Is this your first attempt or?
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Have you ever done anything like this before?
Yeah, I just no, I just I recently just started with the whole like doing these surveys type things like in the last two weeks. Um And then I saw this And I was like $0.15? Yeah.
yeah, that's true.
I was
Okay. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, I was like I saw this and I felt like Yeah, I was like $15, it's awesome. And then I was like, But I don't know if I want to talk to a street for 25 minutes. Um Yeah, but it's it seems cool I guess.
Yeah, for sure. Yeah.
Um I am a student, so it's been a it's been interesting um just having everything moved online just because I feel like this is uh this is probably like the last thing that anyone would have ever expected to happen. Right, right, A worldwide pandemic coming in and then everyone's lives being turned upside down and just like learning how to, how to and just how to navigate that. And I think it's pretty cool, I think it's pretty cool just to see how quickly people have adapted, you know, like just just to have been able to move everything online and send people home. Um so quickly. Obviously there were a lot of hiccups and the implementation, but I feel like um it's just kind of incredible to see um Yeah, I just I think it's very impressive how how quickly you can adapt to things um yeah, even in like crazy extreme situations that no one would have ever imagined. Yeah. What about what about you, what do you do?
huh.
yeah, yeah, for sure.
okay. Cash here.
yeah, Yeah. How how did you um how did you feel about, so I actually haven't been to a target since everything happened.
I like usually go to walmart because it's a little closer to me. Um
bye.
Uh huh But how do you feel um how do you feel the response was from target? Just because I know like different retailers have had different things. Um Yeah.
Some skins,
Thanks,
Thanks.
Bye.
My
first.
Think
What?
What?
Sorry?
that's not
I,
wow, that's crazy.
We
Austin, That's so good.
Well.
All
Yeah. Yeah, wow, that's so crazy. It's just uh huh. I don't know. You just imagine like given everything that's going on, people would, I think a lot of people are, but just to see that there's so many people that aren't just like, you know, the common common decency. Um Yeah, because I feel like I guess there are, I feel like a lot of the studies I've done in like the last week, it's always asking like what do you think? Do you think um what it was like, do you think that we're all in this together or everyone is like all for themselves? And I'm just like, what kind of questions.
Spirits.
Uh huh
That's yeah, it's tough. Yeah. I feel like, yeah, I don't know how I would handle the situation where I would react.
Well, it's here.
Like you just smile and get through and then just walk away or come on.
All
that's
true.
for
There.
What?
Um Yeah. What's uh what's uh, what what do you think is what's been your, I don't know. I don't really know what to ask. What what's your uh, what's finger? I guess like pre covid on pre like if it were just normal, what's been your like favorite thing about working
at target or like, yeah, I don't know if anything,
it seems like a good place to work, but I don't know if it's like,
what kind
of
changing?
I
Yeah. So you do you get like a special uniform because you're in the freezer?
What
did you
have
to wear before?
Wait,
you can
wear
jeans?
I'm trying to think of it. How long has that, has that been the thing for a while?
so
it
might.
Mhm.
And
what?
They
true. Yeah.
So are you are you off today? I know, I think you said you started for and it seems like well obviously that's for um
Okay that's nice. Do you have as a like there's thursday is your weekend or?
I
I
Got here. That's yeah. I feel like I don't know how you feel good. I feel like a lot of people I talked to that have their own schedule they like to have or like that have a nontraditional schedule like the monday through friday. They talk about like how it's how it's super helpful to have their weekend on weekdays because then you can do a lot of things, like a lot of things are open but I can't I guess maybe they're talking about by government, the post office now that I think about it, but and you're like admitted like if you're running errands, it's like super helpful and stuff like that.
That's because you do
you usually end around 12 or does it usually go over?
because by then it's like, yeah, that's your that's eight hours right from four to and then one is nine hours.
But
The people
that are trying to spit in your Yeah.
Uh huh.
Wait, okay. Now that I just thought of it when you say you're in the freezer are you? Because sometimes when I go to Target and I'm in like the milk area, I'll like see something moving, is that you or
that's
Big ticket. Mhm.
Sorry. I didn't mean to trivialize your
thank you. I just saw it because I was just thinking like of times
when
Yeah.
Uh huh.
Yeah. Do you do you work in like all the freezer staff or do you like working ice cream or I don't know if that's that's probably june ish too.
Well,
Uh I see. Okay,
But
wow. Yeah, that's cool. That's yeah, good for you. That's awesome.
Mhm. Yeah, that's that's that's fine, I'm sure. Yeah, I feel like it's just kind of it's not like it's such an interesting uh Okay.
At least I guess for me because I've never it's probably like just ordinary for you by now, but it is it is pretty interesting.
That's
great.
Um so I go to a I go to a bible school um Yeah, so I graduated from college uh like maybe about a year ago. Um And then yeah, I started this bible school, so we it's focused kind of like on community outreach and then also as you can probably tell studying the bible because it's a bible.
but yeah, so I've been in that um Yeah, so that's why it was, for me, it's been like that's why I've been really impressed by how quickly things moved and how quickly they were to adapt, because it's it's not like a like a university with big endowment, it's kind of like a small program. Um So it's not like they have like a ton of resources to just like thank you, let's throw a bunch of money to try to move everything online, but they gave us a week off, and then um when we came back everything was ready to go, which really impressed me. Um And then um. Uh Yeah and then the other thing is like there's the community community outreach aspect um So we've been like learning how to do that but over over zoom which
has been
Yeah so yeah it's been it's been pretty pretty interesting. Um Yeah so just like I guess very different from your experience because you are still like in the field and you know interacting with customers and freezing to death. Um And then for us it's like everyone is online. Um Everyone's also like went back home. So a lot of like this is true for all all students I guess but like everyone's home so a lot of the people that you're used to talking to them at the same time zone. Um It's not so easy anymore, like we have people who are like from Asia. Um So it's like your day there night, they're not your day. Um But it's just yeah, it's just a big it's a big learning curve and just getting used to just getting used to everything. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. The community thing is tough. Yeah. Mhm
Then.
Yeah, that's yeah,
but
then everyone's
like, yeah
everyone's
like, yeah, it's hard. Yeah. Well actually I have to actually get going. I kind of scheduled, it's like right and then to do the questions like right before my school day starts. Um
But
I really enjoyed talking to it was so interesting
just learning about all things target that I didn't know
and didn't think about and finally getting to meet like right the people who are behind literally behind the scene.
Yeah. All right. I hope you have a great rest of your day, enjoy your day off. Um Thanks for all that you're doing during this time. Even though people want to spit in your face, People like me really appreciate it. Um So thank you.
All
Bye.