Mhm. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Test yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. No. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Probably. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. All right. What? Mhm. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Private. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. What? Yeah. Uh huh. But yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I hope you guys are enjoying watching me for 15 minutes. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Mm. What? Mhm. Shit. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Hit Red Bull respond to me. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Tell me. Okay. No. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. One. Yeah. Mhm. Oh yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yes. Right. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. All right. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh, yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mm. Do you happen? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Hold your breath. Mhm.
Hello? How are you?
Pretty good.
Oh yeah. It's really difficult to do it
my second. Yeah,
that's my second. So I'm really happy to see you.
Um Not the live video chats. I've been kind of a guinea pig for research things before, but not like this. What about you?
Yeah. Money is always good. Um I have a friend that works in research and she's the one, she's the one that turned down to this because with the covid 19 stuff, all of her research is actually going to be moved online here too. So I was like how can I help you? So because I was one of her favorite guinea pigs anyway and she does acknowledge your stuff with the ears and hearing and things like that. So I got on to this and was like, well I'm pretty sure a lot of people are going to be a little too afraid to do anything with a camera,
but I work
with people all day.
it's really a bit awkward. I know, because through a camera you're kind of missing the eye contact and like body language, the cues that you would get.
Yeah. So what do you do?
Oh, I actually work at a target, So I've been working this whole time. Mhm.
I'm essential. It's been very, very crazy, but I've really enjoyed seeing how all the campuses here, because my target is actually smack in the middle of like six college campuses. So we get all the students were like the store and uh we're basically number two in the nation during back to school
and it's been insane watching the campus is slowly shut down, watching all the students like being really, really careful, coming in, wearing masks, staying at home, getting a lot of orders for laptops and ipads, things like just things that they can continue their education while they're stuck at home. The parents coming in for craft supplies for their kids. It's been crazy this whole time Having to get letters so that we can walk to and from work. Like I've been stopped by police going why are you out? And I go to work at four AM. Yeah, I'm four AM to like whenever the job gets done, which for me can be noon Or it can be four p.m. Because I'm the grocery, I work in the grocery section
and it really has been incredible seeing everybody pulled together and try and make the best out of what's really a heartbreaking situation. But we're doing it. It's just crazy
who
shop wears
close.
So targets response as a corporation has been lackluster on the store level. It's a little bit different because every store is kind of its own little oasis because while stuff is handed
down from the corporate level, it gets executed by each store differently or to the best effect for that store. So corporate can go ok. Everyone is now having different hours and will implement that. They're having Spacing.
Things
were going. Only 500
people can come into your store at a time. We're going to send you PPE things like that and the stores will execute that. But then individual stores will also do extra things like making sure there's hand sanitizer more masks in my store's
case
they keep giving us food to keep morale high uh extra perks. But corporate wise The $15
an hour. We were supposed to have that this year anyway. So that's nothing that's not hazard pay. That's not a bonus. That's literally what was promised to us this year. So mix that our ceo is a jerk. The not getting us for lates or absences
during the crisis is good because a lot of people are just kind of breaking down emotionally. It's really stressful. We have guests that come in and they just get in your face thinking, the closer they get to you, the more likely to have the item they want. But if it's not in the store, it's not in the store. We can't magic it out of our butts. And one of the big, you know, a lot of the big items we were running out of because there was just a nationwide shortage, toilet paper, hand sanitizer, Lysol
wipes, disinfectants, things like that. And people would literally get in fights with us and have to be escorted
out of the store. Mhm. By police. Like I have had
people literally threatened to spit on me because I didn't have the ice
cream flavor they wanted
and my stories just like, well they're right, it's okay. You just go take a 15 minute break and then come back and do this some more. Whereas like, and that's corporate stance. Whereas my manager specifically is like, I will cut that bitch. So like on the store level, it's, it's very different. You'll go to some targets where the store people are just like, no, we follow corporate to the letter, customer's always right. You go into my store and we're just like, no, you're being a jerk, get out and that's and that's great because it really keeps our moral higher and I think it's why we've managed to keep most of our staff doing okay. Like we have
less call offs, Most of us are still coming in. If we need to take a leave, we take a leave and we also haven't had any covid outbreaks at our store, which is
Yeah, because my story is actually going to like the length to be like, this is how you act actually put on and take off your gloves.
This is how you put a mask on properly. Most
of them aren't,
Yeah, that's not even a question. We're in this together. Yeah, but
yet and most of the time people are being really cool, but every once in a while and it's usually an older white lady or an older white dude just like okay Buma
just mhm
I
just
when they were doing that I'm like, I will call security. You need to
back off. I, I take nothing anymore. I have Essentially zero Fucks to give for these people because they're threatening my life and
that's
unsolved. So it's like you can back off and you will be escorted out goodbye. And then I pick up my walkie and I call for the security people and like you need to take this person out and then they can leave and I just don't care. First
started. I was so shocked that someone would be that awful, that I just scared
and was like, where's my manager? But I am, I'm a pretty forward
person. I'm pretty sure that comes across, I'm pretty for it. And I say what's on my mind generally? And at work I tone it down a little bit because I'm not allowed to tell these people to go Sakamoto or learn to swim in the river, but just like, no, that behavior is not acceptable. You will be escorted. You have one chance and you have to produce it. Yeah.
The most
man it's
well here's the thing, I've worked for Target two times and like not consecutively but overall it's been about five years now and they've made some changes that aren't great but I think they're about to go back on them. So Target
is
a well it
was like logistics changes. It was called modernization and if you've looked at business insider or anything like that, they've had some not so flattering reports about it called Ent and modernization and it basically amounted to making the back rooms and the logistics sites super unsafe, like really unsafe and they have been fixing it, they're working on it and I think they're going to get rid of it but they can't quite just toss it out because Target has this policy of being like we have invested billions of dollars into this. Our suits say it works so we're going to stick with it until we pretend that we didn't. I don't know the target is a great company to work for, especially as a first job. And it's always a good job to like leave. Give you two weeks, be really nice with because you can always go back to Target. Like I love my team. If you have a good store and a good team, it really is fine. They've got decent benefits if you can get full time. Uh It's really easy. My cat could do this job, Not my job specifically because I go
into -20 because I'm like grocery side my specific area is the freezer. So I'm always in a giant deep freeze, Which is literally between -10 and negative 20°.. It's just what I do. But for general people on the floor, it's not a difficult job once you learn to read the label, there's a device that tells you to do everything else. It's not hard. It's easy. As long as you're not being a complete idiot, It's, it's money. Show up. Do the thing, pick up the box, put it on the shelf, make $15. Mm
Oh my God. Kind of, But no, So to wear either after where the red shirt, but we get to wear jeans now. We earned it so
red
and
khaki,
red and khaki And
No
one
looks.
I give our genes now.
it was always the thing on Fridays, casual friday fun. Um, yeah, but before that it was almost red and khaki and now it's, you can still, khaki is still fine, but you can wear jeans if you want because we made a lot of money last year. And Target was like, congratulations. You get to wear jeans forever. You made us so much money. You can wear jeans now. Congratulations. Like thanks. Where's my bonus check? Yeah, that's Target. You know, someone got an ivory and laid back scratcher. I get to wear blue jeans. It's cool. It's fine, trickle down. Economics works uh, that no one ever. Uh, so I get that and then I have a big jacket I get to wear, but only in the freezer and it's not warm, it's not warm at all. So
I basically take this hoodie with me and where that under the jacket and then I wear another jacket over that and they give us really thin gloves that have little nubs. So I purchased my
own
pair of like, have you cold resistant gloves that are touchpads sensitive so that I can still use the device because it's a touch pad basically. And I have a target beanie that is ridiculously stupid. It does nothing of course because that's it was not made to be war was made for fashion. Mhm.
So I wear my own things. I basically purchased my own equipment and just take it to work and that's fine, it doesn't bother
me.
But They do provide
protective equipment, it's just it's community equipment and I'm not touching that with a 10-foot pole stuff that's never been washed. Has been sitting there for months or years. No, especially not during now. Not now. Yeah.
Mhm.
I am off today.
I'm off Wednesday thursday, broken my days off sometimes they call me in for these days. But yeah, I generally
won't go in. I work
five days, I work Thursday through Tuesday before I am too whenever I get off the earliest I will end my days noon. Right?
It is like the DMV is open there's not a lot of people post office the same way I need to go to the bank, less people are going to be there. It's super super helpful. But even if it's even if I work these things are still pretty open when I'm off
because
it usually goes over but I'm almost always out by one just because I'm like no I gotta go home I'm dying
by then.
I'm just so sick of dealing with the humans
and just like
I'm just like I gotta go I can't deal with these people anymore. I just can't or I'm frozen solid I'm just like I got to go home and warm up. Yeah.
Yeah
Those are the coolers but sometimes
those yeah that's sort of my job except that's the cooler so that's around 40° between 30 and 40 and mostly So
-20.
No no no that's fine. That's
no it's
it's the same thing basically. It's just culture. Yeah that
that creeper back there is me. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
No, it's my section is literally what I
cover is frozen meat, frozen vegetable, single serve meals, family frozen meals, frozen pizza, all of that and the ice cream. I touch everything that's in one of those cooler cases that isn't milk.
As long as it's got one of those cute little doors, it's
mine. I have the biggest section in my store.
Yeah. I rule it with an iron fit. I actually have to millions that I direct all day. So
Mhm.
I don't know. I love, I like
hearing
about other people's jobs and work and schooling because it's not my daily thing so I totally get it. What are you doing at school? Like what is your area?
just just ahead. Mm
Yeah, that would
little a little difficult if you can't into the community. Yeah.
man, that would be difficult bible. Study by zoom Oh my Oh uh huh. Certainly
possible the community aspect. Mhm.
I mean I guess you could go out and do community service
is wearing a mask
but
like
the actual,
the actual
outreach.
No, that's
fine.
Likewise,
it's
It was very nice meeting you.
Well thank you and you have a great day to carry on. It's going
to be asking.