Okay, so I'm trying to get this set
up. Can you hear me?
It I wait, I cannot hear you yet. It was sick.
I mean we set this stuff yeah. Okay.
Sorry about that. Okay,
I gotta fix thank you. I
can hear you know uh
I can hear them on the background. That's
fine. I'm just the dogs. Yeah.
Well
that's actually nice because I moved out so I get to see mine. Uh So when I video called my parents, I can like talk to her. So like 30 years.
over
here. He's it's beautiful. Yeah.
No, but books are nice. I like them. They
got
their very unique like their their look
is very unique. Like you cannot expect them
younger.
Are you and ask.
Then
he was like hearing for
Hello?
Actual, actual. Oh.
actual.
My name is juan by way too.
So you got carried away a little.
Yeah. Two times. Actually.
This one I think once it was with an I. T. Guy or somebody. It's actually pretty. Yeah like similar now it's more buried. Like the people that that I show like last time I was shown like uh oh
I think it was like a mother
of two. She was just going around with your Children and I was like and the husband was going around that he will look at the time like are you talking to them? And then he would just walk past like
faking
that he wasn't looking
well. It's less stressful next. But I'll have Children either.
What I
think
was pretty chill with most of people like that. Like the two of them were pretty they were kind of distant but they were paying attention I guess.
It was just like standard and look at the camera.
No.
like when people ask me on straight out like I'm a student I don't really have much money going around so it's always quite significant a little bit.
Yeah it's just like C. C. And it's kinda nice actually
like
yeah I kind of feel like it talking with somebody at the bar like you don't necessarily get to know them when I like make a little conversation and you're getting paid for it. I mean yeah they do go over this and hello whether he gets to see this but yeah
they do go over and study this to like
kinda
gosh
interactions.
Yeah that's
why I said
hello they're gonna see it.
I actually want want them to like keep me updated on what what all this
is for because so she obviously has an end goal. There's money going into it.
Oh I'm
in texas
it's kind of
like
I'm in texas, it's a little similar but
what suburban
Yeah people who are like not okay with the lockdown are going to get like uh very heavy in politics when talking with others this go on, I get their point across, I don't want
to be looked
on
now. You can try to stay away from like politics and religion were like kind of like the part mentality back again to it a little bit like the but it's better overall. I mean I'm sure there will be people and usually when they strike a conversation about something like that, I don't mind going along with it, I'll share like my perspective and I will not fight whatever they say, I'll be like okay dude I can see that, I can see I can see how how
it can be beneficial whatever.
there is
well
you get to stay with them and and you get to have them like offer yourself instead
of
having to share their like when they when she comes to the house then they like leap off your lap and go go to her and
it
was kinda if you kind of betrayed like you're you're petting it and suddenly we'll hear like the owner okay sir like come around and then just leave you like oh okay.
you can
buy her
loyalty with some treats. You
can do
it
the doctor. Uh what else may be different too.
I I live alone but um I can make ends meet because I work like remotely even prior to to Covid I work remotely like with a Panamanian company. Some Panamanian. I'm just
like international here under a visa. So yeah, I mean like um Sorry what was started talking about?
sorry again
yeah I have employment for them and they kind of helped me around with the situation here in the form of paycheck. That's otherwise I I think I won't be able to even a four roommates because you split rent but I'll still be a little bit too high for all right good provides.
But my mind I jeopardize all the or the earnings because it's kind of like on in rent like probably got a better situation with roommates where you can save more, which I think that's better walter.
splitting the
rent is a big deal.
What
what is
it?
No more Is he going I come from a more is going I guess background.
I was actually kind of laid. I gotta fire support because look, they're calling me right now
because I was sitting up like uh a new service. So it's kind of like Fios and I had to come onto here and I was like, oh sorry, I cannot hear you, okay,
I can't do it any time. Like honestly this this is like schedule
cervical.
Oh maybe from your sign. What? Maybe he got like a cut or something? Well, I don't know. I think one minute Comiskey. So maybe like a little great spirit.
it's tree Lemon.
Yeah, I'm in texas
little bit more to the dollars area. So it's uh yeah, it's about central time. Like Chicago to
So you
have California time?
It's interesting. It's very like, yeah, like I can I can hear his coming from here but I don't see him. Just my ears. I just my eyes.
No, it's fine. It's usually like I wasn't even ready. Like as I told you I was on the phone, I was like, oh crap, the meeting. And I was coming here. I was like, hopefully is don't judge me for like coming in here. All the organized, not ready
because I really
had to set up the mic and stuff.
I won't be having good.
Oh, but they do that sometimes. Like
I
had,
I had mindset like my dog actually like she won't care for the laptop. Like she will respect everything on the bed except for the laptop for some reason. Oh, okay. He heard something, he
heard something
and
I was like drafting an email, like a very important email
for like a school submission back in the day and I think it was like not done. And she had sent, There was only one submission allowed.
She,
she had the enter key on the, on the open email in the laptop.
that's as good as the dog ate the homework. That's ironic.
I'm moving like the recent was starting with fathers cause I'm moving and move into a gated community because I know the economy is going down so maybe
a little bit more safety and a staff that controls the tenants.
my
That's
10 years. Pretty dark.
That's very dangerous for the dogs because the dogs are gonna want to fight the coyote.
They
want,
we like scratch too.
haven't really met nobody from new year's you for 10 years. The first I've been to New York and I landed on, I think, I don't know if it's called JFK Airport. That's on New Jersey.
It's kind of like on the, on the,
I can
speak up
around between. Right.
Oh, it's kind of nice. It's kind of like a no match even though it's like unrelated,
Right.
Because
at the end of the day you
keep going because you want to lose what you already did at this story.
Me,
I turned out on a little bit of them. Oh, mostly unintentional. Like, okay, I need the extra time to do something else. But I end up looking at the rent at the red screen like, oh, you're timed out what happens a couple times? Not that
much.
Do you have the prolific extension?
It's good because when there's a new study available instead of needing to see it on the screen, it goes like to, to
on the computer,
it
should
look
like the prolific icon I think should be like over here
there.
No, it was like, uh, I don't know if it was like an email or something. I don't remember exactly how I found it.
Yeah, probably you have to check your face on like if from your extension step you have to check its like clicked on from
there.
Yeah this, this system like either it makes like a text to speech Boys kind of like a new prolific story is available for you.
It says it's just like that very robotic. So I didn't like that. So are you saying change it to something called like sweet tone number one? It's like eating and I can hear it through the hair through the headphones. If I have them like laying around and
I just got to compare. But even with data sometimes I'll make it in time. I'll see like
5, 5 spots click on the link and then there's zero.
me personally I do swag books
and I think I do serve a junkie as well.
Survey junkie.
Like I told donkey like term junkie. Mhm.
Canada
were a weird name but
I'm
ex pregnant
familiar
with
their
As good as prolific. I mean I mustn't work but for that for like us residents so I will play for that. I keep it legal around here. Um So I was in Turkey. If you're from your system have social, you're good to go. Um I don't know if they require certain skills but they usually have a
lot of like tasks.
No, it doesn't have to be something that
fans, you can be like data interests just like filling data from something to excel or you can look around amazon
turk, see if there's something more general, you have to read that specialist.
Yeah, I think um they usually do mention other sides and if they don't mention them out of fear, like they'll get banned. But
Yes, I've seen mentioned so of other ones.
And
even
swag books promotes other sites for like making money sometimes.
And this one is international. Like the actual
people who pay us are like in the UK.
That's
Oh yeah, she's
gonna be there recently, like some medicine tickets and takes you through this like painstaking process. Finding the link that works for getting the ticket. Like oh it's just
well,
I do it. If it's more like five, if it's more than $5, I'll do it. If it's not. I wonder.
I've seen
some of them.
No, they're hard. I got invited to them but I think I was like sleeping when
they met.
Yeah, I had like problems getting into this one. Well, I was looking at the message they sent me, he had like this um little bars and I looked like this like triangles like this at the end. So when I copy pasted it it will take me to the website. So I had to take the triangles out. And when I took it worked.
Why don't you put it there?
I
have a little bit of problems with that part too now that you mention it.
Yeah I think they probably um okay um whoever whoever gets to watch this later,
I
think there's probably like a hub between people who are scheduled and people who are not scheduled. So they get like signed into the same and page and then they get to like separate themselves. But it's like very confusing on the way toward it whether you belong to either which of the groups. So I
now now there's two people here. So I mean
something
I thought
it was I thought it was just me.
What? What's
it?
A little bit of uh smart hey
babe.
I'm usually like that
one of my cousins like his Panamanian, he went to Penn State and he meant like this girl and it's an american girl, he's he's Panamanian and they started dating And then they never stopped dating for 10 years and they recently got married
on Penn State University.
What?
Oh it's a university in pennsylvania. It's very big. So
so there was a lot of people in, there's a lot of people on that campus but I thought it was weird like it should be like have breakup that was very permanent.
Oh no.
Right.
It's kind of crazy like
thinking about it even me up my college is like I'm gonna marry this person now. I doesn't cross my
market.
I used to but I don't anymore.
We
like single for a year.
Damn.
But like um you're done with it or
That's
fine.
Very like um hey, here's the bill for the water,
don't
touch
my food.
that's
good.
The between the work I do for the company and this little side stuff, decide stuff is mostly for my personal like spending for like comfort food or I don't know like bisys, stuff like that. Um Like alcohol or whatever. I mean that's that's it, that's like what I use it for what I sustain myself with,
with with the company in a sense because then I won't be able to pay it because they get expensive alcohol is responsive to like Hell. I six back on my on my like convenience stories, like 12 bucks, Like european Stella
the
six
cans, There's six cans. And even if I cannot drink America, like I'm sorry, I can, I can get behind it takes again. It's
very
okay. What is?
you're
oh, you're, you're more of a cocktail. Usually I I enjoy drinking them. But
I
get
judged when I drink them. Some,
like in Panama rights. And um, it's like very latino. You know, Latinos are like very mr mr,
it's a girly drink. Like, oh, he's thinking a girl
stranger.
Shit.
Yeah, I got a sugar tooth as well. So I mean Alison help, but I mean after a while like it started drinking roman beer and whatever
develop a taste for it. But I'm not big on either. I'm not
not that big on alcohol. Mm
I like one. I think one is probably when I'm, beer is probably what I enjoy the most out of alcohol in general.
Like jane. I didn't like jane. Like I try to on the call. Um Moscow mule you like.
Yeah usually like um I I sometimes drink both but covered with like white Soda. Like sprite or seven up.
Mm No, they won't make fun of parker with produce. Slow fine
people.
I
think
it's very borderline.
Yeah, that's true. It's really nice to forget like a like a soda too. In a way like soda and vodka that's not very popular from what I can see.
No, it's sometimes have like back in Panama. Sometimes I like my dog the dog of my own. My step mom's like mom show up like this chihuahua she'll bring over and sometimes my step mom sister will bring her
Her dog too. So they'll be like three dogs. Like a Smelser, a chihuahua.
And I think it was like another sponsor. But there's an officer's on a chihuahua. Yes. Rolling around. I mean the two of them just chasing that you always just like a
it's a they're bored because they cannot go out as much
was like
uh thinking here, let me check. Mhm. Last time I checked we were because I have it in Celsius.
I'll use fire. I think I have 32. So I should be around 90 from 90.
Yeah. You're a little
bit closer to the desert.
It's very thinner. Very very funny. It's not human at all.
It's
monsoon season scott.
Yeah, me too. No,
I guess it happens anywhere where there's like a big surgical and like next to it,
so.
I think we're good to go now. Like
yeah, we're up like um
25, You should be good.
Like if
yeah, go do a little bit of taking on Reddit. There's probably,
you gotta go through the little comments and see like maybe it'll be like down there with two old boats or zero boats. Try this silent. Then you go to the side. That's how I found prolific. They're going to very small road in common. I click on it. It's very good. I just just search for it. I haven't done much to diligence because I have the security of the job. You that have, you have a little bit more time.
Definitely
grew
up.
It's
yeah, that's probably good. Do a little bit more digging and
no,
especially
look if they're trying to like show expensive things behind them, like a house or a car.
That's
usually
a red flag. Yeah.
Oh, it's been a pleasure current
one. The easiest Spanish name through one.
Nice to meet you girl.
Well, hopefully that works right.
Take care. Bye bye.