Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, mm hmm. That would be, yeah. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, you can phoenix stop it. Oh yeah, Yeah, it's a lot about Oh, what? Yeah, Russia, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, wow, it's okay. What phoenix? I hope that Okay. Yeah. Hi. Okay. Work. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh Right, okay. Oh, come on. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, people, Yeah. Yeah. Oh Oh yeah, Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh mhm Yeah. Mhm Uh huh. Yeah. Oh, what? Right. Oh, come on. What? Mhm. Hey
boys
dogs,
take your time.
One. Yeah. Axl come,
it's okay.
I
have four dogs here, so I'm sorry they're gonna bark,
especially
when they hear your voice and they don't know where it's coming from.
What?
come up here, you want to say hi to this one. Say, I don't want to hear is crazy one, This is the troublemaker, this is
axel,
He's actually my room mates. She has all four of them. she rescues french bulldogs, so they're all frenchies.
he
like
what?
they
have such
there's the personalities too. You can
stay here, go ahead.
I know he's the smartest one he listens to you
watch a movie.
Look he's talking to you. I'm
sorry, my name's Karen, by the way,
assuming you
yeah, have you done this before? This talking thing on prolific?
Me too.
Yeah.
What?
No
Children,
no Children here. Just dogs. Hopefully that's better.
we don't, after the two times I said I don't know if I can do this again if I get the offer because last time was a little awkward.
and
we're
Yeah, last last time he was an accountant, he didn't really talk much, so I'm just like ok, I'm racking my brain trying to come up with something to ask him just so we'll talk. It was very awkward.
Yeah. And he would he bragged a lot about how much money he made. So it was like, I'm wondering
like why are you on here trying to make $15 if you're an accountant to make so much money? Like I'm just wondering.
Exactly. Like when I saw that I could get $15 for talking to you for 25 minutes. I'm like, hell yeah,
I don't have to
answer boring questions.
Okay.
I
wonder
that
I wonder if they actually watched the whole discussion. Do you think they do
you
do?
I always say how much I love prolific studies because I do. They
what?
I think they want to see if we're going to get controversial and talk about the protests or the virus and see what our opinions are and see if we fight about it. Like and I think because some people are quarantined I guess I'm not, I live in Arizona in a rural area and we just go out as normal here.
But
I know
and
what would you say?
like,
yeah, yeah. Like there's nobody around here so we're not really affected. So I know a lot of people are probably stuck in the house and they have nobody to talk to and they're going stir crazy and I think they think everybody's going to get angry.
And
I don't
like, I don't like politics and I don't like talking about so.
What
the last thing I want to do is fight on here with anybody or anywhere but my room,
my roommate finally left for her vacation today, so I am finally alone with the dogs and I'm so happy. She's been home way too
much.
You
know?
she is
their mom.
She is there real mom and I'm just kind of the friend that she, my friend is well off and so she kind of took me and she's like helping me out. So
I'm
going
my
friend's
loyalty or the dogs.
Yeah, I try to do a lot around here, just cleaning and so trying to earn my keep here.
good.
You're telling me you work with a Panamanian company, so you're
still have employment then, right.
My income is complicated to say because it's a little different from what I say, it is on this website.
Being that she has four dogs, it's worth a lot, I'll just say that, so it works
out.
Yeah, I'm
sorry,
I really
thought I was gonna have a panic attack before doing this. I felt crazy and sick, I was so nervous because the last guy made me really uncomfortable,
I kept looking at the clock, I'm like is it 125 yet?
okay. What does that mean?
huh.
I don't
think you were late actually, I mean maybe one minute, but I don't think you were really late. The last guy was late and we got paid, so don't worry. Mhm
What? Yeah, I would think so. What time is it? Where you are? It's 111 here. Mhm
Uh huh. You're you're not in the United States where you are?
Oh texas, you said that, I'm sorry, I'm as bad
I'm in Scottsdale, so it's it's complicated as to the time, it's mountain time, but we don't do the daylight savings thing, so it's technically specific
time.
Yeah, he doesn't want to leave, you don't want to like you, he never said still
Mhm Plus I'm in an uncomfortable spot, I'm in these awful dining room chairs that are really uncomfortable. I was trying to find nice lighting now and I knew if I stayed on the couch they would all jump constantly on me and I didn't want to make a really bad impression.
Oh fine, I
always,
because sometimes I'll be here like 10 minutes early and then I'm thinking what if there are 10 minutes early then we have to talk for 35 minutes then what? Oh no, no, no, no, he almost turned the computer off. You can't do that. Yeah,
that would be a disaster
as
it
go ahead.
probably
nothing
but
well
Oh that's
terrible
and I'm sure no one's gonna believe that.
Look um I keep thinking that like I said this place is like a nice upscale gated community or whatever and she has a pool right there and the pool guy is supposed to come now, so I'm like great, it's just gonna be total chaos right now. I know it. Mm
So
I actually totally random off topic but I saw a coyote outside my window last night, which is not, that does
not happen here. It's a gated community with gates everywhere, like there, it's not supposed to happen and it was just right there in front of the window. First time I've been here a year, I've never seen
any
out life.
I
know
they're going to go right because there's a gate but their noses can fit through so they can fight through the fence.
it's scary because I'm from the East Coast, so all this west cactus and monsoons and dust devils and these crazy things over here. I don't know anything about this. I'm from New Jersey. I don't know anything Right?
that's a new york, technically New york city,
But I'm technically almost from New York City to like two minutes
from the
bridge,
North Jersey. The cool part not South Jersey where the beaches. I'm actually watching the sopranos right now. I've never seen it. I'm starting from the beginning and I recognize all these spots that they go to.
Yesterday the soprano came out and be a little bit on prolific because I don't know if you got this study or if you do a lot of them on here, but there haven't been many for me lately, like I don't know and it's been really frustrating because it's like my main income right now. So I finally got 10 of them yesterday, which is I mean I haven't, I rarely get more than two a day on here and that's a good week. So I hadn't gotten any for like a week and then I got 10 yesterday. So I'm in the middle of doing one yesterday morning and I finished the survey and then it says, you know the usual thing like what's your age, what you're, you're caucasian, whatever. And then it goes to another survey, I'm like what's happening? Like 40 minutes is going by and I'm still taking this 40 cent survey. I'm like okay. And I'm starting to get really feisty in the comments. Like listen dude, I don't appreciate you wasting my time. And then I'm getting more and more mad and then like an hour goes by. My time is up now. I can't do any more. And I wrote to him I'm just like I am so mad and I am so like I used a few um
words I shouldn't have used and then he wrote back, I'm so sorry there was a glitch for some of you and then he ended up paying us a dollar. I don't
know what
is.
I don't know if you've ever timed out on on these surveys but I don't want to have a bad reputation on here, you
know?
I
think they're giving us less time lately. I feel like because I almost timed out yesterday and then almost yes, again yesterday. I don't, that's never happened before, so
Me. Yes, No, is no, I don't think so. What is that?
Well, okay.
I think I went to read it and found that and I put it on here and then it never told me anything. Like I never got any notifications if it's the same one, I don't know.
It
might be
different.
Wait,
uh you found it on the site on the prolific site? Oh,
Could it have been read it? Because that's where I find all the secrets.
I'm
going to try again because it's funny how everybody gets them right away. Like I'll see, oh, there's a little one up there, there's a thing and I go to click it. It says no, you can't fall already. I'm like you just popped up a second ago.
Oh that would be great.
Out
check.
a lot of people are bored and desperate right now for money I guess. I didn't mention this site to anybody. Like I also do do do you do any other survey sites? Yeah.
Me Too. That's the other one I do.
What's it called?
Okay, because I'm always looking for ideas.
But there's there's
nothing
There's nothing that really compares to prolific. Right? Because I like these kinds of studies where it's not just like a survey like tell us about your Mercedes and click 9000 boxes. You know, like that kind of thing. Like I
there's
been anything
else
like
this. Right? But you know because I've been looking
All
Oh yeah, the skills thing, I don't have any skills, so that doesn't work.
I'm
fact.
I go to the Swag Bucks forum sometimes just to read all the, you know, nasty people fighting with each other and all that. Nobody ever mentions prolific and I will never mention it. I'm hoping it's like a secret.
They never seem to mention this one though, which is great. I don't know what?
Which
is
good.
it's good that they don't mention this one though because I mean people probably wouldn't believe it anyway. They'd be like, yeah, yeah, it's just like all the rest that don't work.
What?
Yeah, they're really nice to like whenever I read a message they write back to me like it's really nice. It's not like swag bucks at all. You're one of like a million people. And swag bucks, Nobody ever gets back to you. Like I used to be
able to chat on Swag bucks. Like if I had a problem there was a chat section there, it's gone kick it. Help
official.
I usually
take the loss. I don't have the patience. I am.
I'm trying to think of the last good offer I had. I haven't qualified for any of those. Everybody calls him my Hut surveys, like the big ones where you uh second hour and a half with like 30 other people. Have you ever done one of those? Sometimes when you do the gold surveys every now and then one will come up. That's like it will bring you to something for a later date and then
and then
You'll be with a lot of other people and it usually pays like $20 or $30. I've gotten like two of them the whole year. And I really try to find them too. Oh.
What's
in it? They make it so confusing because if you're even a second later you click the wrong linger. It's something you're done. You're not getting in immediately.
Mhm. I have a problem. I don't know if you had this when the servant, when we're done like and you go to the screen where you have to get to the survey so you can bitch about me or whatever you want to do. Um um It'll say like do not click this if you've already signed up with us and I'm like okay, I'm going to click it because I don't know what you mean. It's very confusing the way it's worded and I do it wrong every time and every time the guy tells me, please don't click that link. But
I know I'm like but
I told him it doesn't feel
I said it doesn't feel right for me not to click something, finish it. I mean we just went through like this will be 25 minutes and then it takes another 20 minutes for the end. I'm like I just went through almost an hour of work and I'm not, there should be a finish finish survey finished done, but you're not supposed to do that, so I'm confused,
you
know?
I'm gonna screw it up again. I know.
that's
what I thought last
time
I thought that's that's smart guy, the accountant. I'm like, he'll do it right. He'll get our thing together. He knows everything apparently.
But
what?
Smart
smart ass. Why is it? I'm glad you've been very nice and laid back.
Yeah. My panic has subsided a bit and it's actually 126 or any? Yeah.
How did they meet again? Only online?
Oh, I'm old, so I don't really I
mean I know plenty of fish. I don't I don't know things I'm almost 50, I don't know.
But
Yeah. Well, I'm glad I didn't marry the guy I met in college 20 years ago. No thanks. Right.
Yeah. All
my whole life.
And
do you have a
girlfriend? Power?
Mhm. I've been
single.
I've been single over a decade,
completely single.
Pretty much. Maybe
I'll
just get a companion for my old age. That's about it right now. This woman is my companion in a very non romantic way. Uh
She's
like
my
my sugar mama. She takes care of everything right now. I don't
know.
And I don't ask questions.
Except alcohol here.
I don't
buy
it.
I
don't care.
I don't care much for beer in general. Have
a more have more premixed margarita here.
What do
you
think
it's
It's a girly drink. Right.
but
they're
sweet. I like sweet drinks.
What?
You
like wine?
like white wine.
I don't like jenny there. Especially gin and coke. That's disgusting. It ruins a soda, disgusting.
Okay. It's good with cranberry juice, but I don't know if you get made fun of for that.
It's
good
with all
the fruit.
All the fruit juices work with vodka.
Oh, the dogs won't say is this really annoying? Like they have not stopped playing and barking in the background?
All
What?
that's all they do all day. Chase each other around and bark and growl and
There's nothing to do and it's 110° out so it's
hard for you. Right.
Nothing.
Yeah, That's better. 1
2.
I was not prepared for this. It's exactly what I thought it would feel like a like a hot song, like a sauna, like the dry sauna. It feels just like that.
And when it is humid, it's really wrong because yesterday it was because we're in monsoon season, whatever it doesn't
rain. It's just called that it's cloudy.
I thought that only happened in India
week from
Oh boy. They've
gone insane in the corner. No, I could barely even hear you. How many minutes are we supposed to talk? I forget.
I think it was 25. Right?
33.
Well
this was much easier. Thank you.
Yeah, I will.
I
found
it on
Youtube video with a guy who nobody watches. I'm like, he sounds like he knows what he's talking about. So I found
I found it
I don't watch any of the famous people who talk
about survey sites because they're all lying. So I just look for the ones
with no view.
They
make
$100.
sure you do. Yeah.
I can't remember your name. I never do.
Thank you. All right. It was really nice meeting you.
9:00 again. I have one more shot at this. I think we get four times. I looked at it.
good day. Bye.