absolutely impressed the next one and I was like, oh no,
I'm doing pretty good, how
are you?
name
is Valerie by the way, I always forget to introduce myself
by
the
way,
tired. That's that's such a cool nickname. People would probably immediate. So uncreative.
Thank you. My last name starts with a V. Two so like back in middle school people call me V. V. And then it just turned into wien because why not be lazy and just
use the first official.
This
is my
dad's aren't allowed to name
their kids. They,
it's kind of cool. I must say
interesting.
I would not have that experience. I associate mean girls with like the name victoria for some reason I don't know why, but there's just something about victoria's,
we won't, my bourbon actually haven't met many Zoey's I think I only knew one back in middle school and she was just like a quiet horse girl.
You
know like when people are horse girls, they don't like horses, but they just have horse girl energy, she
had horse girl thing.
No of course not, I'm from the bay Area in California, so I live in Oakland um Yeah, where are you from?
Our
mind use?
an interesting difference.
Oh I'm visiting Oregon right now.
my friend really wanted to come up here for his birthday and I was like I don't know about traveling in a pandemic but
same in California, I think we're going through a huge spike in my like general area right now,
but I
don't know,
you're just a mess,
I am a million
that is
No, I hear you, I was so obviously we have to get food but I'm not okay
with indoor dining and I'm definitely like definitely not ok with indoor dining, I'm not even okay with outdoor dining to be honest, like, I'm just like, why just stay
at home?
So but even were like waiting for takeout, I'm just like really like so many people indoor dining and I'm like, what is happening?
You know? It's too, I'm like, sir.
I just turned 21 weeks ago. It's I mean it was fine, but yeah, it's an interesting experience, luckily, so my best friend, it's
her last year of college and she was also turning 21 this year and it just seems like she's missing like all the good things associated with that time period because she is practicing social distancing and all of that. Like I am but a lot of her, like her roommates before she moved back up and just in generally people she goes to school with, they're just living life like normal. And I'm always in this weird state now where I'm, I feel like I feel like a prude for not just doing whatever
and I'm like, no, this
is responsible, but it's almost like less normal to be practicing like guidelines
versus just doing
whatever
I
think.
Yeah, I'd say it's like a very, yeah,
like when I walk downtown where I live in Oakland, you're gonna get like two extremes. Either people who are like really observing, like some people even have face shields to people who are just like not wearing masks at all. Um And then you have those in between where I'm like, just choose one or the other. You're useless.
Yeah. And I'm like at that point like what are you doing?
My mom is similar. She like she's very claustrophobic and just in general, like things blocking her breathing does not do well with them. Um But she'll like keep the mask on if there's people nearby, but the minute they're like far away she's like, let me breathe.
Are
you
doing?
Mr
Rec
that's great. That's a great point because sometimes I feel like I'm not like even when I do take out and I'm like waiting for takeout, I'm like, am I making the right choice here? But we just do the best that we can. So
I'm not no, I actually I finished college. I think it was like, God, two years ago now,
I'm
going to have an existential crisis about that. Like after this call because every time I reflect back on when I graduated, I'm like shit, it's been so long.
No more. So just like how time flies. Because I feel like I just graduated.
I hear
your
dad is graduate high school. Uh yeah, I know. Um I graduated college two years ago and I've been
working well. I worked while I was in college actually at
the same
company I'm working for now.
Um now, yeah, I don't mind sharing at all. So I'm a, my role actually recently shifted, so I would have said design researcher, but I think I'm more of a design strategist now. Um but what that means is basically I work for a health care company and I am in charge of innovation around future generation insights for the healthcare company. So I do research into what do future generations need? What are their preferences in general? Not just about health care, but in general. And then I take what I learned from those insights and try to design solutions within our organization that are going to meet those needs. So whether that's employees, whether that's like the mental health experience. Um, so really my role, the reason why I have shifted from researcher to strategist more now is um, I'm more so guide, whereas before I would actually do the research now, I'm much more just guide the direction that our organization is going to move forward. And so I choose like, oh, I think mental health is the right route for us to design in over the next couple of months and I'll kind of a line that project with our organization with metrics, all that fun business stuff.
It's
fun. It's it's
challenging. But
Yeah. It's interesting because I'm the youngest person on our team. I'm the only gen z on our team. And I was like, well, this is fitting
I've
been
so
honored. Your last
best
for last,
Because
it
was
before.
that's rough.
At
And
black
but
myself.
Oh, so they have each other, but Oh man,
I'm sorry.
That's
hard.
Different.
okay.
It
could always be worse though. Sharon you're you're allowed to feel disappointed and upset even if other people have it worse.
And
there is,
it's
that
sport.
You
are
it.
I like to think back. Yeah.
It was adult stuff. Shut up and in your
corner.
Yeah. That's a that's a truth bomb right
there.
Diamond.
Yeah. It's like kind of hush hush. It's interesting because I think I was actually talking to my best friend about this how sometimes I wish I was ignorant because I think the entire time I don't feel like I ever had that innocent phase where like I didn't know what was going on because like I've been on the internet since I was in middle school, like since I was 11 there was no like hiding activism from me and I, I am so grateful that I am not uneducated in a lot of ways because I think it makes me a much better person and sometimes I'm like I wish it was as simple for me as like vote blue. Like some people are like, some people are just like, yeah, just like just just do that and you played your part versus for me, I'm always like, oh God, the american political system is ultimately going to lead to our ruin like everything
complete and utter trash. Yeah,
it's
word. It is hard.
So
my,
it's so difficult
because
so
literally
this explains the Democratic Party and like a nutshell like they want the socialist
vote and when they get socialist support they like totally shut shut you down. It's like
I got you. Yeah. It's interesting because I was I was walking I was getting like a blood test done and I was walking from the medical center and I was just at the crosswalk your phones in like minded my business and this Oh my God. I just like walks up to me and it's like so it was I think it was the day that they found out biden like was I guess he's like one I'm still a little unclear but because they've been projected still but basically it was like biden won. He was like, so how do you feel about by joe biden winning? And I was like, sir, what about me says approach me on this topic right now. And then he was talking about how like you know trump actually did a kind of a good job of covering up and just like walked across the street.
What?
literally. That's why you start with literally mm hmm walked across the street during the like intersection was read. I was like, you know what with this today? Yeah.
But
I did not vote president. I voted for everything other than that. I love to playing. I know it was a hard choice
to be a minute.
But
that was my exact point. I was like I know people will be very angry or would be very angry about like first of all, I live in California. So I know realistically it's like does not matter which isn't the case in every state. I know. But so I did have that safety net of like it doesn't really matter what I voted for president anyway. But because we always put ourselves like just vote for the lesser evil. You're always choosing an evil option. And I'm not
I'm not going to do that and
all
no, please go ahead.
I
was coming.
like
thank
you.
True.
Actually it's so interesting because I was talking to someone about how there's this hatred of trump and I get it. Do I like trump no. And in fact I quite like everything about him pisses me off and
I understand it's just a figurehead like
the problem like those people who are like, oh we voted trump out like everything is solved. Like no, all the voters who voted for him
still exists. All the problems in the system
that led to his election and led to those values being kind of like propped up in our nation still exists.
Nothing except like not having to deal with.
yeah. Doesn't have strong opinions on like or doesn't share strong opinions about anything like abortion or like he voted against gay marriage. Like I have not forgotten these things.
I'm
100%.
let me start on. Oh
And I would shoot myself in the face
like
this.
No,
I want
They
got
with
black.
I was actually going to mention that just now where I felt for like a little while that there was a such intense energy around it in a way that I hadn't experienced before with Black Lives Matter. And I was like, oh my God, maybe maybe we actually got something this time. And then it just kind of fizzled out again, just like, oh like I get it, your mask that says Black, Black Lives Matter is great, but how like California voted against affirmative action and I was like this this is the problem, you save Black Lives Matter, You write it on your windows, you put it on your little front yard and then you vote and like put systems in place that do the exact opposite just like
why?
touch
your
we've
been
conditioned to like
in charge.
I
love me yet. Oh
let me down right now. I was totally disappointed. I was like
dude,
no. And I was like really man, the biggest like disappointment of my adult life was because I was what I was like nine when Obama was elected and it was massive because it was like everyone was like this is momentous and so in a lot of ways it was like wow like this president like first black president, like it's amazing. And then growing up and realizing yes, he was the first black president but that did not mean he was very liberal
which is like the ultimate heart crusher or just like
it's so sad
one.
100%. And so I voted on that.
proud
of
you
guys
at the best kind of ignorance.
Oh voter suppression. It's just like the cherry on top of our country.
I know but it's politics bad. I can't help it.
no
literally
they
will
do anything. It's ridiculous. The one thing, the one good thing that California passed which helps a little bit with voter suppression is um when you're on parole you're able to vote now in California I was like at least this no rent control, no affirmative action but at least we have this uh oh we had such a bad, oh my God tangent but we had such a bad proposition passed. Um I don't know if you heard about prop 22 um The Uber and lift proposition I am nearly screamed because they dumped like millions like $300 million to like brainwash California into voting yes on prop 22. Which
is
it's
basically it takes it so California has pretty strict labor laws that mean that employees get good benefits, they get time off, they get sick leave basically this takes that away from Uber and lyft employees there circumnavigating California labor laws to keep their drivers as non employees and as independent contractors meaning no time off. No like labour unions nothing. I'm just like
how
Oregon
Donald
trump
So
helpful.
Thank
you.
But
that
was it
because they're independent contractors which they're not they're essential to the business which means that's like the definition of an employee, if you don't if you can't operate without them, they're an employee. I was just like you don't screw them over, uber lift, How mad hella mad,
you know? But on the bright side something will happen. There's
bright side.
And if
you're a trump supporter, I would have converted you into a social employment.
This.
I know, I know I hear that in you fellas spirit,
I love that.
Well it was super awesome to talk to you and let you know
it's something
a little, I have to go back to work which is why I would love to continue this conversation.
But
yes, I've
never done that before, but that means we're cool,
thank you. Yeah, my email is V A
L Pr
I E E G
he
er
E R A Yeah at gmail dot com.
Yeah. Yeah. You actually pronounced right? No one pronounces it
right for several reasons.
It's Ukrainian, but
yeah, depression. But I get that a lot. Yeah.
Thanks
at Gmail. Yeah.
It was
talking to you, too.
Back. Are you?
Thank you. I will. And you have a blessed day, blessing.
bye.