Thank you. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, good luck with that. Yeah. Waiting on, you know? Okay. Hello? You know what? Yeah, that's a good woman, hoping that. Mm mhm I don't know. I don't even know about it. Come on, partner. You're going down, Yeah, Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh huh You're not, Yeah, mhm minute one. No partner. Yeah, Yeah. Finally. Mhm. Mhm Okay. You know like, mhm Right. Yeah. This discussion, everything you ever happened. Mhm Not if you want. Thank you. Mhm. It did not a minute to partner food. Uh huh
How you doing?
Good?
You look like
you.
yeah, I usually do that like 10 minutes and I'm like, I'm fired
by the
way,
Valerie. Um, my name is jennifer, but everybody calls me fire.
V I still like that. I like your name.
My,
my mom got the rank over how to name me, but my dad wanted to name me Zoe's LDA because my last name starts with a Z as well. So he could call me is easy.
So it would have been zero
Zelda.
I
would have liked that though. But,
but if I was named, so like every Zoe I've ever met was not very cool. They were like the mean girls from
different schools. I love it's weird.
My best friends growing up, her sister was victoria and she was nasty.
that's
good.
That's
so funny. Where are you from? Do you mind me asking?
Um well, I was in san Diego for 16 years.
I was
born there, but I grew up in pennsylvania. Um
but yeah, so san Diego for 16 years and I'm in southern Oregon now.
really? You're in Oregon right now. Oh
no. And our cases are on the rise here is to just be careful. Yeah.
Well
you
us in general as well.
Yeah, it's just a mess and it's, yeah, it's got to the point where I won't even like I'm more I'm like right outside of Ashland where I am, so if you know that area
um so Portland obviously is worse like that area, but Medford
is the closest big city to where I am and I'm like I do like my major grocery shopping there and I'm like even scared to go there.
No.
Take
out. Yeah.
Yeah and like elderly people to
yeah it's it's scary, there's like a cracker barrel near here and I went in there to just do a pickup order and I couldn't believe the amount of it was like a nursing home in there, just like and you know they said that those cases are on the rise to like more um infection spreading through nursing homes and yeah we're going through the second wave and it's not pretty and I don't know I feel bad for people. I mean you seem very young like you're in your twenties or?
That's right.
Mark.
No.
Is
that
how it is? Is that how it is in your area?
I
think it's I think it's like that in a lot of places
divided
where they're walking around with their master.
Well I won't like you know honestly I've been through some traumatic experiences so like having a mask on for too long will drive me nuts. But I'm I'm in a rural area so I'm able to self isolate like and I get to work from home and I have that but you know as soon as they get to the grocery store like I'm ripping it off unless I'm unless people are still walking close to me, then I leave it on. But
I mean luckily with all the yoga and everything, like I'm used to breathing through my nose, but when that becomes like, I noticed like at the end of a trip, like I was in the grocery store yesterday and um like at the end when I'm going out, like I'm starting to breathe through my mouth because I can't breathe properly through my nose anymore and that I'm like, I'm breathing in droplets,
like this isn't totally
protected
me and um and you know, some people are like the herd immunity. I like, I don't know about that man, like it's flu season on top of everything, so I
don't know,
we just got to do the best we can. Are.
Um Are you still in school?
Damn
girl.
Are you like, what am I doing right now or?
girl I'm 48
I feel like I just graduated high
school.
No
thank
you.
What do you do?
that's really exciting actually
because
they
yeah they have a younger generation like shaping this, I really like that
The only other girl that are well no I did speak to two other girls doing this. You're my seventh, I was able
to
do,
I
love
it.
Uh Well I thought the last guy was my last and then they're like you
can
do
another
one, I'm like all right it's just so much fun and like you know I'm not saying I'm starved for attention. I mean there's plenty of ways for me to communicate with people but I'm starved for physical attention like just being able to hug people and my family and everything. Everybody lives in a different, like my best girlfriends are in SAN Diego so
and we would normally see each other like at least two or three times in a year and this year is all gone to shit. So um and
like I can't go back to pennsylvania to see my, my immediate family and
it's been, yeah, it's kind of crazy and I'm the only one
like
that live someplace
else. So
Um
but
it's
okay. I mean could be
worse. I could be in the hospital, right?
Or they
could
But I love, I love
talking to people your generation
because
I mean
there's just so much going
on in the world and you're helping street like a very
important part
that's very lacking in
the world right now, especially United States and I'm for Medicare for all like, you know, um you know, I feel like there's a big gap, like I don't want to I never wanted to be a political person, like it wasn't my jam, but now that I know too much, I can't backtrack
and I realized like how undereducated I was growing up in in the political realm because back in the day nobody talked like you couldn't talk to adults about that back when I was growing up.
You
could even ask if what president your parents are voting for and come to find out my mom, like, you know, first it was a secret whether she voted or not. And then she, as our relationship grew in the last few years, she's like, I've never voted once, ever, I was like, wow,
that's
a that's a baby boomer thing, like that was that's a thing, like
a lot of people won't admit to it either.
because both parties are like, no different,
and
that's why I
I mean, I know the people's Party didn't have a candidate. Do you know about the People's Party that came up and they're
trying
to have yeah, they're trying to have a candidate in the next four years, but, you know, after
after
the dem is pretty much destroyed
Bernie. But then he but then he went, yeah, I know, right, more like that. And then
then he um gives a shout out to Biden, and then Biden's like, I crushed the Socialist, like, I beat the Socialist, and now he's like, he's
And
I'm so excited to talk to a person of your age that knows what's going on.
With coach,
that's the that's the talking point. Your toes.
and
you know, with trump, like, don't get me wrong, I voted for jesse ventura, I had to vote with my conscience.
No,
that's
I am not gonna be bullied into lesser of two evils.
Because
our vote is our privilege. Sorry
to me to talk over you.
You
know,
our vote is our privilege. Like it's something we earn being a U. S. Citizen. And even my cousins were like, you're part of the problem cause you know, uh you voted for Bernie and now we got trump like
in the 2016, I
was like,
no trump's
the symptom of the problem. He's not the problem. It's
like,
what,
what?
You know?
Yeah. What did, what did biden gave you?
at a car for all? Doesn't like the green new deal. Uh, loves fracking. Still fracking's okay. Um
And the penal system. Like he he's
the one
that Kamala Harris is right behind him. Like
so like if he dies then she's going to be president.
No,
don't
say don't say it. Don't say that.
But
but like um there's got to be something where we can rise up and unify because this is, I mean it is just insane.
I've
never been so disgusted by the night. Like I thought, you know, honestly I thought when Bush, because I thought people would be so pissed that there would be like an uprising of some sort, but there's not and even with
black
lives matter like what are we accomplishing? Like
I
mean until yeah, so with one of the really progressive women I was talking to like to before you uh she's like on our wavelength and a lot of ways, but she is not all about wearing masks, it was kind of funny, like she had that little um but you know, I can understand, she's like I live a healthy life and you know and she was really cool like you know, we agree on a lot of different things and I said look I'm not going to come down and you just like I don't come down on my friends and I grew up with that voted for trump like I don't care, I don't care who you are for president, I care about how you live your life. You
know
that's part of like where I grew up in pennsylvania, if you're back hills, you voted for trump. Like there's something about that tv personality I know
that can
just
and
if if your family is for them, your for them and you know you have little kids with Maga hats on and stuff and you're just like, oh but um you know at least trump isn't like a war criminal yet, like pretty much biden
is.
and you know Obama like really let me down in the second term and and when I
it's
not even, it's not even biden that's like conducting his presidency, Obama is doing it for him.
He
wrote it he for gay marriage. He wasn't uh Yeah
and you know, unless you really do your research, you don't know those things. Like my couple of my black friends were like as soon as they started talking up biden, I was like whoa dude, seriously,
I've even seen his records like just because he's Obama's right hand man like back in the day like no, come on. So the woman I was talking with, I was you know, I had just done a test case for prolific like before that and we were trying to come up with uh anyway, long story short, I came up with a website idea. Um and it was something like X, Y, Z rise up because the X, Y and Z generations are like all seriously affected right now. And I'm trying to, you know, I'm not good at writing about politics, so I'm almost thinking about having other writers like help me out, but I want to end, I want to educate younger generations because I found out, you know, it's not really about what president we have in office, it's about all those other seats in the government.
so yeah, so I really researched the crap out of and luckily Oregon is pretty progressive, but and we like we really did a good job this
this
time
around,
but you know, there's so much more that needs to be done and there's so much ignorance out there and they're like willful ignorance to like,
and you know, there's no doubt in my mind that a lot of votes don't count. Like
I, did you hear, did you hear about the job we're going to go off in so many tangents?
but like when they, what do they call it, like the voter jumping that they did like that, that relative of martin Luther king, that just, they just dropped her out even though she's promoted in the same place for like 50 years or something crazy like that
and
all the sides
of your
system.
And
what,
what does it do?
I
I only followed it for a little bit like obviously I was more concerned about what
was going on. Um, but I heard blips of that and before that, you know when the whole stimulus check. Ha
ha.
One time stimulus check came out
as
if. Yeah, I know like I
mean
how long I really appreciated paying some bills with that, you know? But uh you know, we were already struggling so I already lived you know day to day as it is and um you know, I'm just building my business so I'm in no place, you know, not rolling in the cash. So that was paying money. But when they only gave it to you once
you just like, are you kidding me? Like this is all you're gonna do
at
the Uber. Um My friends who are Uber drivers like they had one hell of a time even getting that stimulus check.
Oh my gosh. Yeah. Uh Everything's so fucked right now.
On the bright
on the bright side, conversations like these are happening instead of confrontations. And even if you were trump supporter, I can still talk to you and have a conversation instead of a confrontation. If you were willing to do that with me, you
know?
I must say I'm a flaming
hippie girl. So
My crystals running in the back. Yeah.
So, yep. Um
Are
we way over our time already?
okay. Okay. I've
only done this with a couple of people. But do you think you want to give me your email?
Well,
I only did that with a few people because I because we're just lined up and your voice of the younger generation. So if I do manage to get this website going or something, I want voices like yours.
Be
it. Mhm.
The
each
V E G
Valerie veg o Vergara
began
to um yeah I'm learning spanish. I want to be fluent in spanish before I die. Um
Oh it is wow
That's awesome.
Um At is it you say at gmail dot com?
Okay. All right man it was so nice to talk to you while
you like seriously
brightened my day. Hope
have a beautiful rest of you stay in Oregon and be safe sister.
Thank you plus a day to you to