Hey how's shit? Yeah.
okay? That's good.
Place to be.
Yeah. I'm in Hawaii Show nations.
What?
How long have you been in michigan file?
Peach.
Yeah. Yeah. I have been held um Tanya's now 15 something like a while. Yeah,
it's nice. Um It's an island which sounds obvious but you can't really get away. You have 100 sq mi that you can't leave easily. Show. There's not much to do. Kind of, to an extent this nice though. But
it was just my parents who moved her to begin with. Mhm. My family wanted to move to where I what you up at the place you don't leave. I feel like you can back. So I
finished
um I moved here from California. Yeah.
No,
no, I just I just know for the first time last year how actually
I went up to Yosemite for the winter. Yeah. So definitely
used
to
go
this
just for fun. This was back before covid one, you know, you could actually travel and oh that yeah, no it's about
my
dead code
and
it was
uh huh. So why you let watch it that bad to be honest because we were almost like an isolated ecosystem. Like it's easier to keep everyone away but we are also an isolated ecosystem. So once we get everyone church kind of like a blushing and kirsch show back in like april when everyone was having a ton of case change, we had two or something totally. So that was good. Now we have like 900 in our community show. We're kind of getting hat and shot
it.
Oh yeah, I super strict like back in March to go anywhere. You need a mask. Um Social distancing, which I'm happy about. Shoot the happy to wear masks all of my college classes. Online application of colvin.
Yeah, it's hard. Its shadow um Hawaii age based on television. Hello. And we haven't had, you know, typically we have 10 million tourists every single day. Which is an a number when you think about it because it's a small town.
There's
nothing bind but you need you for quarantine for two weeks. Yeah. Show
not
yet.
Great. Yeah, exactly. Like people hell who you can tell for some have the manages to high hell for four weeks or something. But for the most part, that's just unrealistic. Yeah. Show
Target has to have joked 95% minimum. It went from 10 million to I'd be surprised if it was even 100,000 at the moment. Show a lot of business share show shutting down permanently
permanently. Right?
That's disappointing thing. That's how is michigan been. I know there's been a lot of like protests there can.
I know.
british idiot to vera
I left my girlfriend at the moment. Yeah.
We both have clash but charlie, I'm definitely not like at my house as much as I want. I still have. Mhm. Multiple job which none of which are lineup sleep show a lot. I'm still going out and about a lout like just for work uh Just because you love to my job can be done online unfortunately.
Um It's just a student employment. So at the moment I work in a lab like lab working on biology, G. Church and biology.
Yeah, it is. Um Are you familiar with narrow blush tomer. Mhm.
It's like uh yeah farmer culture that only a cash and cage for the most part a super high mortality rate. And my lab is looking at likewise too Jagdish to cheat. Did it show it's fun? Like you every week I grow up shells the culture that I are different drugs to them. And she would happen. She bitch interesting enough. Sure.
Are you
shy?
No go.
Yes. Very marriages bio. Then I'll show chemistry then I'll show sociology. Mhm. I
have too much time underhand and too many marriages. Yeah.
I am like cash Junior would be tough.
I'm hoping to do much school. Um This um pandemic definitely might have did my uh always wanted you man school. But now my parents are like, you can just tell you man school but do damage ology. You do something that adoption involved, check people.
And
otherwise manage schools along process. It's another four years then you need to do. I shouldn't see. So I still have another. no. Yeah, I should have it for me. Yes.
And
no, it's crashed. What about
That's actually,
I
don't really get that. I don't want covid beguine show. Many people I knew were like, oh my God, I've been in side but like the week it's been terrible. Like I felt that everyone was having a tough fish time with it and I didn't love being inside, but I was just fine. I get to watch movies and need bucks. Yeah.
Don't
know nothing.
Um, she has yet to decide as far as that goes. Um, like the psychology, but she's very into like you shake and painting and in general. Um, the most science and the science based one and system. A creative one. What?
Definitely it show Cruz show just how it showed up. Look, have you died? Okay. How people think.
Um you do. I mean like a lot of college is elective because you need 120 credits to rehydrate. Most marriages only take up about 60 credits. Some take up multi for example of biology major is closer to 80 credits, whereas a sociology behavior is closer to 30. But you know, otherwise I have to wiggle. Mm show I've taken to shake clashes both. Just shoot her by sick. I'm definitely more interested in the sociology side of things for what I wanted to do sociology. And if the whole month school thing that go, so she is my goat. That's why I'm doing it as a Meijer want it as a fallback. Like
this.
The political
side of it definitely interests me.
I'm definitely a family. It wanted to punch a lot of coward politicians just have a background of money.
definitely. I get most of them have lawyer background statues coming sociology. I didn't know they want to be a politician behind you. Yeah. Hm. But actually looking at politics, Shanshan politics, there's without interesting stuff that is going on and I feel that I've lived through one of them are interesting pleasure. Don't charlie exchanges and presidential kind of ditch,
I
don't know.
Yeah. And especially reading about their in the history classes. Reading about other pouch and time here. Yeah. It makes you wonder how this will all be linked back on. Yeah. Even from an objective point of view, A lot of stuff has happened. Just drift. Especially with covid dow,
well not everyone knows your mask.
You got to tell them about all the political implications.
Well, that answer didn't wear masks. Forget amount of time. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Mm
hmm.
What do you use instruments do you play?
And first the captain,
What does the shotgun 1? Guitar
and? Oh
No, she sounds pretty similar. You sound pretty similar to her. She days guitar out show and singing and you clearly which do not really is
Nice. And then she also fiddle. She hasn't done pineau her so she isn't big on flying. But she has one in the how keyboard? I think your mind her two ply. Mhm.
How
long have
you been?
The
that
that
Pickard.
I'm
not.
Do you have
us
songs? There's your music tip? You might like check out Gothic show you.
Um Anything but gosh,
wow. How do our cash?
And your bet matt. Um
Yes. Beauty in it. But they were like everything from there. Um I've been liking yeah who just like over a month stash and wanna like get out um colic that whole fuck help john. Yeah like so how do you get, how don't have just more like relaxing power show come the speedos, stuff like that. What about you?
Yeah, that was a bit more just kind of futuristic. Yeah. They should get very very eight Bye blues
in like Crouch Beach television Nash and Buffalo Springfield.
That
way
I think my dad into crowds, beast television nash and talking heads.
Mhm. That we should. Uh No, she has two gold use.
I'm buying a vision G watch movies and G. Bucks. So just finished a long bulk. The goldfinch. Have you ever Yeah
Come
back.
Yeah, it's a movie and poach it fry. Shooting bulk.
Yeah and she has just pumped by its a long boat. It's like it's like that it's like 900 change joe. Depending on how often you read try the the longest book you've ever seen, you know? Okay.
What have
you been this?
What have you been listening to?
Yeah. Well I definitely love having this specials on the background on netflix. Well I'm doing stuff.
Our
you go
that sounds good. Well I hope your work continues. Used to go well and used to hardship there.
Yeah, me too.
You too. Okay.