right.
so I guess you can hear and see me. Okay yep yep
I um so I guess it said in the instructions to just talk about anything like protect your meeting and for the first, well we are meeting for the first time um
And talk for 25 minutes so cool um Getting a little toasty in here, so where where are you right now
blood? Oh I'm jealous. Oh
I'm in michigan um it's a little cooler over here yeah although it's been we've kind of had a warm spell lately but still I think I'd rather be in Hawaii. So
um I have lived in michigan uh the majority of my life I've kind of moved back and forth but right now I was in Nashville before I moved back here so this round I've been here for like five years. But yeah this is home.
Do you do you live in Hawaii?
What?
Uh huh. So what made you move there? What brought you there?
Where?
Oh sorry, go ahead
So another warm spot. Have you ever lived anyplace where it gets cold?
No.
Well where'd you go?
Was it, what
did you
go
there for like just to for
a fun trip or?
Thank
you.
Yeah. I really bummed out about Covid, I haven't been able to see a lot of people that I would like to see, you know? Yeah. Is it pretty bad? Is it how is Covid in hawaii? Is it
bad
or is it like?
I think cases everywhere
are going back up. So are you required to wear masks when you go out in public and stuff?
Right. How about that's different?
That's yeah. So now pretty much like none. Well probably not done. Travel is travel begun to
hawaii
So
people
don't go there for a quick vacation.
Well.
Yeah. I know it's so sad. I heard a statistic that like one in five businesses in the in the country are closing because of covid.
I don't know if that was permanent or not. Um I think it is, I mean it's yeah, it's kind of scary.
Stupid. I just think people are, it's really frustrating that people don't want to do something as simple as we're a mask. It's
not like, you know what I mean? I don't understand it. They yeah. So I think now that now that it's mandatory like before they when they were encouraging people to wear masks, a lot of people weren't now that it's mandatory. I think it's becoming people are not as a um what's the word against it? Except for there were you know a handful of people that like went to the capital we're seeing, it's my right to not wear a mask, you know? Which
that idiot's yeah like it's your right to get other people sick, you know? Um But I live in the country so in my area we haven't had a lot of cases but I do know some people I actually had to get tested because a friend of mine tested positive and we had been hanging out um even though it was outside and we were social distancing I thought just to be safe so I was tested and I was fine but um so it's yeah it's not too bad here and I work from home so nothing's changed with me for that, so that's kind of good. Um And then I live with a lot of family here um who is now working from home so we kind of, so what's good about that is that I can't really go out and visit friends a lot but I don't get lonely because I have family here so that's nice. Yeah. Yeah. You live do you live with family or roommates or alone?
Well that's nice to have somebody. Yeah.
Right. What kind of jobs?
Is that in this thing?
Uh I feel like I've heard those words but that's about it. Uh huh.
does
that go
ahead?
Oh I was just gonna, so is that as your major biology or some kind of science?
No.
Uh huh. So what what year are you in college?
Okay. So what do you, so what do you hope to do after when you're done?
Oh yeah. Yeah. Well maybe you could like take a year off or something and work and then when the pandemic, you know, is probably
over,
That's
a lot of work.
Um I I kind of do odds and ends. I work, um, uh, testing websites and apps for different companies. Um I sell stuff online and I'm also a musician. So I so I've um I started doing online shows on facebook because since musicians can't play out live anymore, you know, everybody's doing that. So I thought, oh, I can do that too. So,
unfortunately I haven't done in a while, I've got a cold, I'm pretty, I'm sure it's not coronavirus. Um, but my my voice has been kind of had a cough and sore throat and stuff, so haven't been doing any music for a few weeks actually. But yeah, so um, yeah, I enjoy working from home. I don't I'm kind of a home body anyway, so um and even before the coronavirus, I did go out and socialize some, but not not not as much as a lot of people, I'm kind of I'm an introvert, so I don't mind being alone a lot of the time either. Yeah,
so.
Although I'm sure it's a lot harder for people that live alone and couldn't go out and see anybody,
I kind
of feel bad for them, but so what about your girlfriend, what what is she studying?
my mom is a psychologist and I'll psychology interests me too. It's I mean it's just I would never want to do be a psychologist, but it interests me, it's just you know it's interesting to learn about wait to me.
Yeah. Did you uh do you have to take any psychology classes to be a doctor to like learn about people or is that more the sociology covers that?
Yeah that's
good.
I was
oh okay. Yeah so yeah I guess are a lot of politicians sociology to have sociology backgrounds.
That's true. Yeah. Very true. Uh huh.
Yeah that's yeah that's true. It's
kind
of historic times that we're living in right now.
Yeah. Yeah It's gonna be strange to tell you know the next the next generations you know grandma grandpa why why was everybody wearing masks back then you know? Uh huh.
Well. Right.
Right. Right. Yeah the politicians the our white house seems to be saying do what I say not what I do. Yeah.
Yeah.
Not setting a very good example. Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh what else? So
oh I mostly play guitar and thing um
pardon?
Thing
I think. Yeah. Um I play a little bit of piano but I haven't been a long time, I'm just kind of noodle around with it and I write songs too. Um So what about your girlfriend, you said she's into music? Is that plane that's listening?
Uh huh. I know what that is. Yeah, my brother plays that.
Yeah.
Well
another
good thing um about Covid. Well another a good thing about
Covid is that I've been doing more songwriting writing more songs you
know
at home
so yeah there's
not
many good things about it
but
that one
oh the kind of music that I write uh it's kind of like folk pop um sometimes people compare my style to uh Sarah Mclaughlin or jewel, you know either of those artists. Ok so kind of kind of pop kind of folk. Um I did write a little bit of country music when I lived in Nashville, but that wasn't and I did that writing with other people and that was mostly to have like other people sing those songs but when I sing like and I perform I don't really do country, I mean I guess every once in a while I do but yeah so pop and folk and and uh I like listening to all different kinds of music though, I like pretty broad um Yeah pretty broad musical interests. What kind of stuff do you like to listen to
anything? But what?
Okay, like heavy screaming. Uh huh.
Yeah, I'm with you there.
Yeah I uh I have so many different kinds of music, sometimes it depends on what mood I'm in, you know if I want to relax I like classical music a lot. Um Or things like like Norah jones. Um I like um I like blues sometimes. I like jazz, I like um yeah I like a small amount of country um I like um I like some older like 80s bands um and like some older rock bands like Led Zeppelin and I like you know The Beatles and um yeah pretty good mix. I even I even like some songs by some heavier bands like Metallica not the stuff we're there screaming but more of their melodic slower songs.
What?
mm. Yeah Crosby stills and nash. Yeah I love them. I actually sing some of their songs. That's that that's the kind of stuff I grew up listening to because my dad listened to it, Crosby stills and nash, Neil young Kansas Joni Mitchell, you know Led Zeppelin Jimi Hendrix like. Yeah,
so
it brings back a lot of memories when I listen to that stuff too.
Talking head.
Uh huh. Yeah. Uh What else? So what else do you do you what do you do when you're not working and not studying? What do you like to do for fun?
The Goldfinch. I um that's a movie too. I think I
saw
previous for the movie.
Yeah. Usually the books are better than the movies,
Yeah, no it's pretty long. But yeah, I like to read to lately, I've been listening to audio books.
This
is kinda cool. So I can like, you know, do dishes or something while I'm listening to a book, you know?
Um I've been listening to something that my brother recommended. Um I don't, usually, every once in a while I'll read this like kind of fantasy genre, it's about, it's about kind of these clans that have kind of martial arts and they have these spiritual powers that they can use uh to fight each other. And it's not my normal type of book that I read, but my brother thought he thought I'd like it and it's pretty good and yeah, so that's what I've been listening to but I like uh I like reading mysteries, I like reading sometimes autobiographies. Um I like listening to comedy sometimes to like stand up comedy but just like in audio form. Um.
Yeah. Yeah netflix. I love netflix especially during coronavirus. Yeah, well I've been kind of keeping time on my on my phone here with a little timer and it says Um it's been it's been 25 minutes um
that we've been talking. So I guess that means we can probably
wrap it up.
Yeah. Yeah it was nice. I enjoyed talking with you
getting to know you a little and good luck with your schooling and and I hope you have a great life.