Hi.
Yeah.
Hey? What? Oh my God. You have so many games.
The
jealousy
is real.
Hi.
No. Yeah.
Apparently we just met at a party. What?
No, I actually had Covid. So I have been home. Mhm. And I have just been hanging out at home. Yeah.
I had it three weeks.
It is awful.
I stayed home um I'm actually I worked as a paramedic and I teach at a medical school. So I got it from a patient
and it was pretty rough for a while and actually made the life decision to no longer keep my paramedic license.
Yeah. Well, I make the funny to think. So. It's better anyway. But um yeah, it just it was one of those things that, you know, I have really bad asthma to begin. So it got to the point where my breathing was really, really bad and it was a little terrifying.
It's
terrifying. So I was like, I don't really want to do this anymore. I don't wanna have people coughing in my face. So I just made that decision and I was like, yeah, I'm just gonna teach stay away and
well, I'm
teaching
med
school,
so
I'm teaching med students.
adults somewhat.
No,
it is
supremely difficult.
It was
your january. Yeah.
And that's part of it. Yeah.
I
think it's part of the covid. Yeah.
Almost.
Who?
Oh my goodness.
It really is. I
get hello fresh foxes where they have like everything in the box and it has like three meals in it for two people. But I
live
by myself, so it's like six meals. So and most of them are pretty big. So
no, you have to cook it. Still
all
the ingredients,
they come in a paper bag for each meal so that there's like you don't have to think about it, even
the spicer
in the bag,
meals on wheels.
it's all portioned out everything, it's amazing.
Like I know I'm having a delivery today and it's like one of them is portabello mushroom yoki with like a cream sauce and I'm like oh it's gonna be so good.
I know.
No
An email.
Oh that's cool.
Um No, I used to get in the habit of like when I was cooking I would get so hungry in the middle of cooking because it would take so long, I would make a sandwich was in the oven and then by the time everything came out of the oven I would be done with my sandwich and then I would just like wait for it to cool down and put in the fridge and go to bed. It's like,
and then I hate left over. So,
no.
I am not.
Well if you get Covid, you lose weight, The COVID
lost
£17..
Well, I have three cats, but you know,
No, they just laid on me because I had a fever.
Their number
one
pretty much.
a dog allergy. What's
your favorite from all?
What?
my gosh,
Oh, that's so sad.
Well,
minor. Not like that. Oh my gosh. Even if I just go and go get my mail, I come back and they're like, we're real
and they're like circling around my legs like dogs. I think they've gotten too used to me being here during this time frame. Uh
Yeah, because before this they would just be like, okay, you're, you were 24 hours and then you come home and you know, then were like, hi, we need you. But before
you know now it's, You can't leave for 30 seconds. I set the door to take a shower there. Like where are you?
I am
too,
I'm gonna introvert too. But I was like, wow, I'm an introvert but not this much. Mhm
And
Well that helps.
Well what I do here keep my windows open and I just watched people through my windows.
Came here
terrifying.
And some people were scary ones.
I'm not into that.
I do not like, like the skeletal and like, I mean I get it. You're like, it's trendy, whatever, but some of them are really scary.
that's not doing anything.
The
what state are you in
or florida
got far apart?
not a fan of the governor.
I get that when um someone gave a speech saying to inject the uh what did he say? Uh the disinfectants in your body to clean yourself from the hideout? Mhm.
like the election
coming elections coming, the elections coming, we can change.
to
the worst too.
No.
it was in the United States in december
about december 17th was. Mm
uh Yeah, I get updates from medical journals.
It turning into a zoom wedding.
I was like, I can't hold my phone for a half an hour.
They
you probably had it.
It's it's a lot more than the flu. It's pretty bad. What's your name by the way? I'm Janet
share.
Nice to meet you.
I have a horrible, horrible at remembering names Because it's like you'll see like 18 patients in 24 hours and then as soon they're gon you're like, what was her name? Um heart attack guy. Yeah stroke girl uh drunk dude. You just don't remember. Yeah.
Damn it Janet I've been hearing that since elementary school and I haven't seen the movie from front like beginning to end.
No
it's
not.
I always have this epic plan in october to go and watch it live dress up with friends and then something always happens. Mhm. And it just last year there was a hurricane used to that here kind of the norm. But
Probably
fruits are
Oh my gosh,
So when are you going on the next cruise?
No, I don't want to go on one.
I,
I
feel
like I would
fact. Mhm.
What always gets food poisoning and now everyone's getting covid on them.
were they stuck on the boat for a while?
They got lucky. Mhm,
wow. I
It's okay.
And
What?
I know
I travel
around, hey, I grew up in early and now I
live in florida,
No,
I know. I'm looking, Can I see Buffy? I'm into it. Escape room.
What?
I want to go to so bad.
No, not yet.
I
definitely
want to do an escape room for sure. And I want to do a rage room,
smash everything.
It sounds amazing. Sometimes. Need to let it out. All the frustration needs to go, you're having a bad day, it just kills like everything in the room.
I
know
it's
I want to I want to hit a tv so bad. Mhm Be like you cancelled one of my shows,
I have
been on God reality tv,
I have
watched
every
episode of Below Deck,
oh my God, it's people, they work on a yacht and they're crazy and they like people charter the yacht and the guests come on and everything, but like the crew that works on it, they're insane, like they shouldn't be
carol Baskin is like an hour outside of where I live, I want to go to that animal sanctuary because there's a sloth there and I'm obsessed with loss, but now I don't want to give her any money big, I feel so bad, I don't want to give her money, but I really want to see a sloth.
mm No, but
I just thanks,
it's
it will like paul you in.
Oh no, they fight, they bicker, they complain, they make fun of the guests, it's great, and there's like below deck, like original, then there's mediterranean and now there's below deck, sailing yacht.
The original is my favorite, like the captain, he's strict, hardcore, the stewardess is, her name is kate and she's like an uppity princess, like she looks like someone that would be on the yacht as a guest. Mhm And she's like, well if you don't know how to do your job, then that's your problem, not mine, and like, just talk so much trash to people and the chef, oh my God, he's so funny, he's like, why are you coming on the yacht if you don't like gluten get away from me? And he just like, talks so much like Mhm There's one on the mediterranean I think where the guests said that they don't like onions and you just started hiding onions and all of their food,
like it wasn't an allergy.
Like it, they just said they don't like them. So we just started hiding them and they're like, I think we taste onions and he's like, yeah, I did it on purpose. He's like, oh my God, and like one of the guests made kate really angry. So like they usually like make shapes out of the throw blankets and it's usually like an anchor made
a big penis because the guy was being a deck
and the guy actually loved it.
He's
like, you're a spitfire. The fact that you even came at me, I love you for it.
It
was
it's
is
yeah she called it a rocket. She's like I made a rocket. I don't know what you're talking about.
It's just like deny till you die. I made a rocket. Oh and the crew, they all have sex with each other. Look it. Oh
God this is insane. It's crazy. It's so good.
It's
on
bravo.
Oh yeah I bought like all of it on Itunes. I was just like because someone told me about it and I watched like the first three episodes because they were free and I was like I have to watch the rest of them.
I'm like you got me
look
Never
even heard of it.
it has
to
be.
sounds like something that would be on while you're sitting in like the doctor's office waiting room
like
HDTV.
minus
always
a T. V.
overacted.
It's not
what it used to be. It used to be good. Mhm. I used to watch it I used to love, yeah.
Oh well okay my one of my favorite movies in the entire world zen on. Mhm.
Yeah. Oh Z E N O N. Mhm. And oh it's just like the best movie ever had. Like raven Simone and it um like she was young super young men still um this is like early but it was just like straight to T. V. Movie. Mhm. It's it's like an epic movie
you have to watch it.
Oh no It's like Xenon Girl of the 20th 21st century or something. It's really it's so good. It's like one of those that you're just like what am I watching and then you're like oh my god that was so good
I have a contagion that I've rented on Itunes and I keep going to watch it and then I'm like, no, no, no, no, I can't do it, I can't do it.
And
so
I
I know. And I want to watch it, but I'm like, is it gonna make me mad?
I'm going to watch it.
Yeah, I'm not getting mad at like, yeah, the only thing that like I get angry over is when people are like, yeah, I refused to wear a mask because they're stupid and they don't work and I'm like, come on. Mhm.
jeez.
The
problem, the problem is is most people um you're walking around and you're in the grocery store and you have your mask on and it slips and you're doing this or you're doing this and you're touching and that's what's messing it up. That's where the germs are coming from because you're touching everything in the store and then you're fixing it.
No, or
they'll put put it under their nose
doesn't work.
No.
no, no, no, you're fine.
Think about deaf people
who rely on lip reading.
None of us can sign. I know I can't.
hmm.
Or
what
language? Mhm.
Universal sign language. Universal language. Universal money. That'd be great.
Easy. What?
You know what they also speak english, Every country in the world teaches english as well as their language. We are the only ones that don't, mm
were
the
Celtics funds?
Were the selfish ones,
the lazy ones.
Oh no, I tried in high school, middle school, college and I lived in south florida and I can't speak spanish. I can understand it when you're talking to me, but I can't speak back. Mm
hmm.
especially
a complete stranger. It's so weird. It's like awkward. Yeah. I think we've gone for 45 minutes.
No.
I know.
I'm
like, what are we gonna talk about? I don't know how this is gonna work. It's gonna be so awkward.
It's purple.
If
all
there,
I don't know why. Yeah.
Mm
this was my like rebellious covid, like the beginning of the quarantine period. I was like, you know what? I never do anything, screw it and I just went for it.
Oh my gosh.
No.
Yeah,
it's not
painful.
Non essential. I'm like, honey hair is essential.
My sister texting me.
Well, it was nice meeting you Sharon.
I know you're too I think they matched as well.
I think
this
well,
now we have to go answer questions.
You so bye.