mm. Yeah. Mhm. Duck, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Right. Mm hmm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. That's it dr. Mhm Hi. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, good. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Okay. It doesn't matter if I come in here. Why do I have no idea? Go that way on the left side. Okay. Wait, you're okay. You'll be this way. So I'll go around that way. Okay. I don't think I will. Let me just, yeah, exactly. Yeah. Oh, shoot. Where's my little feet then? Either gonna make a dollar 50 or something like that are gonna be in here for 25 minutes. Yeah, backdrop. There's just this little area. Crazy wasn't here as though he was utilizing, it wasn't cool under here for you. I turned on the A. C. Because it was boiling. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. And yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Oh,
you hear me? Oh, wait, let's not be on or something. Yeah. Audio.
Okay. All
Oh yeah I love games and
I haven't actually happened
you know?
Yeah. Yeah. Although I haven't had a whole lot of time to well actually more lately I should say before I hadn't here. Yeah.
So I want to talk about you know you have to talk about anything specifically I'm not sure.
Mhm.
So how are you getting a lot of social activity lately or?
Oh wow. Well then you're the first person I've spoken to that for sure knows that they had covid I had uh family member that sort of thinks they might have had something but they weren't able to be tested so they don't know if they actually ever did have it or not. Yeah.
Oh my gosh
did you have to go to the doctor hospital or anything or just working at home and?
Oh my gosh.
Oh no. Oh that's awful. Or I don't know, maybe it's a good decision for you,
yeah, that's what I'm I'm absolutely reading that, I'm absolutely scared of that because I do have asthma a little bit and uh like I no longer even I try to stay off because the price of our beautiful and stuff just went way up and everything. So I try, I haven't, you know, I've tried to resist and just relax or even having to wear masks now I kind of start to panic that my lungs are going to close up and I have to try to calm myself down and I just can't do anything actually had to deal with that. Um
No,
okay, so you can get sick that way too, or Well I guess a lot of things are online now. My
daughter
took
in class
online
Army.
Oh that's right yes you mentioned that. Oh wow okay
so hopefully more people online that's something that kind of concerns me right now is now we need to get more people out there but with all the schools being closed and everything it's harder to make that happen and that's not something you can easily teach online. I don't think
any sort of medical regulation
would be.
Mhm. Yeah. So yeah well I I had some sort of like the worst flu I ever had right in january so I keep hoping, I kept hoping to hear that actually Covid was here earlier than they thought. So I was hoping that that would be it.
But
so I'm kind of hoping that that was it. And I had because it was oh man I got knocked out the worst I ever had and I had the worst migraine of my life to, which was just
I heard that
assistant.
Yeah. I think that's the only cold I've ever had where I just, I had to just lie in bed the whole time for several days and I've never experienced anything like that. So I was like
soon after that. I definitely don't want to get this other thing. So we pretty much, I mean my husband and we went to Disneyland of home places in february and so I was real scared coming back then because that's when people start really talking about people on the airplane were really
kind of stressed and And I thought gee do we make a mistake? That's the first time I got on an airplane in 20 years. So yeah, and sounds were worried, oh no we're gonna cut sick. But we I think that's for everyone this Milana didn't get sick so yeah and since then we've just been hanging out at home, nobody has been going anywhere except for our grocery trips where we go and sanitize everything and gear up and stuff. And I don't know
my husband's kind of a germophobe and so we have to go through quite the process with anything entering and exiting our home and it's fun. It's but it's exhausting. Oh my gosh
are you
Well
what
wow! So like everything's just all put together an entire meal and you can just heat it up.
Okay so it's like all the ingredients
and
you put them together.
How
are you?
Okay. So it's kind of like a what's that term missile in place or something? I'm not sure if I'm saying that right.
Well I just meant the whole idea of when you cook a meal and you put like, you put the right amount of spices and you chop everything up and have it all press before
man, may I need to check this out?
You know like, because I hate the whole shopping and washing and chopping and measuring and by the time that's all done, I'm like, what do I really need to eat? I kind of want the uh
that those meal crackers, they talk about like in Lord of the Rings. I don't know if you ever read the Lord of the Rings
serie that's the main thing that stuck out to me was
that they had these or the else had these uh, little bars that you can eat. It was like a full meal in just a cracker. Like this way I'm gonna be a full day's meal, I should say.
Thanks. Yeah, you just eat the cracker and you're done.
save it. You can have it in the morning,
You know, you don't like leftovers. Oh
yeah, I have, one of my daughters is like that she won't eat any leftovers. Everything has been a fresh, so she's very skinny. Uh huh.
Mm hmm. You know, especially now. Oh my gosh, that's one thing with this whole not going anywhere and buying a lot more junk food, like chips and things like that. So I think I put on like £10 or something during this time just, I don't know.
all
that they proved
up. Oh my gosh, three weeks, wow. Oh, jeez. You said you live alone so you're all by yourself, so you don't have anybody to take care of you while you were
but they're not going to bring you food, are they?
Gosh,
real
nice and warm and cozy. Uh huh.
Yeah, I love cats, but my husband's allergic take out so I don't have any, you have no pets actually because I'm allergic to dogs, I love them.
and
probably birds. I love birds. We had we had a parent for a while but the parent would attack one of my kids and yes, we got just at one point he decided he got mad and they never forget, they never forget or anything. So we finally had to find in the new home and that's very sad about that because parents, they, you know,
they live like 35 years or even longer.
My dad has an African grey that he's had for let's see 30 years now, it's hard to give him up and we just we loved him very much, you know, he's like a member of the family that just did not like our kid, it was kind of like, you know,
really? Was he? Because he, I don't know, he did so many tricks and you know, they're just really neat interest but they're very uh like needy, you know, which I get started for two. That's one reason I like cats, you know, we can leave for
a few days and they're fine with that.
Oh really? Oh wow.
so, you know, they're more like that now,
no.
Well I got super spoiled. Huh? Oh yeah, that's what I think it's going to be hard to go back to life in some respects, but you know, I'm an introvert, so
what's
up for me?
Yeah, I did. I opened the door, I mean I have my family
with me, so you know seven people in the house right now and
yeah, so definitely, so you know I got a lot of interaction and stuff, but I didn't open the door the other day to get package and there was a jog or running and I just wanted to call out to him and say, hey fellow human, other people, we exist in this world because it's just so weird.
I know it's like it's almost like I feel like I need that too, I just didn't realize, you know, because I am an introvert I thought I can do okay without seeing a lot of people or but I don't know, I'm also a bit outgoing, so even like going to the store and when I see people I miss talking to people and touching um kind of touchy which may be bother. Some people don't
and even seeing pieces people that that's what really stressed me out was wearing the mask and I start to panic and then because you can't breathe as well and then looking around and seeing all these covered faces, it's like I was in some monster movie or something, I just started the whole world started getting
you know. Yeah.
Oh yeah. Oh God
no.
Yeah. Yeah. Especially for kids. I imagine that must be creepy. Fortunately haven't seen, I've seen some pictures of some like some mean they had where uh they said if you're having trouble with social distancing, you know, just for one of these masks and he looks so frightening that back. But uh I haven't seen that where I am. I haven't seen anybody wearing anything too scary. I've seen interesting ones. Like somebody had taken a coffee filter and cut it in half and take the coffee coffee filter to their nose like that. I mean that's not doing anything. I
don't I just thought that was very interesting. So and somebody else had just like, like a piece of felt that they were trying to hold over
their face and just people getting desperate with the masks, I guess, I don't know. And creative that
Oregon you
or oh my gosh, your baby. Oh wow.
So are you guys opened up now then? Because I thought I was hearing that florida has eased up on all the restrictions and everything. Okay.
Oh really? Huh. Yeah, me too either. Actually, I pretty much gave up on uh politics when he sees me. When uh uh you know, should we talk politics? I don't know. Um
Yeah. Okay, I give him long before, so I don't even pay attention. I just try to like yeah we live in my little fantasy bubble and pretend that you know, these things never happen because it's just
you know
Uh huh. I don't know. So I'm kind of independent myself, so I'm not excited by any of the options at this point, but you know, anything better than what's going on now? I don't know what, I don't know. It's just that I just feel like four years ago we had a lot of options, a lot of options and we ended up narrowing things down to not the greatest options. And it's
like
yeah what what so at that point I just was like, okay, I'm not even paying attention to politics anymore, but then I had a little bit had to because like our governor got into trouble and so the we had to have a quick replacement and I don't know. I'm not too sure how, but what can anybody even do? I'm not even sure that anybody at this point politically can do anything to make anybody happy about this whole
little bit situation because there aren't nobody really knows. That's the thing that drives me crazy. Well, at least, you know, you've got it from a patient, you're actually caring for a patient who had Covid and ended up infected. So, but I just I'm bothered that we don't get clear information on how things are spreading and Uh huh.
It was december. See now I haven't heard anything about december.
Yeah.
Okay. Yeah, I didn't We'll see then that because My son soon to be son in law, my daughter was getting getting married on the 31st. You know, they had a big wedding plan and everything and all that. Uh
Yeah. Yes, exactly. We have to figure that out. I haven't done zoom actually. My daughter has my son soon to be son in law and everybody else has, but I haven't done zoom actually. Um But this is the first time I've used my mic and camera on this stop actually. Uh I use on my phone but Uh huh. My.
No way. Uh But yeah, I guess I'm always doing for a few minutes, but my soon to be something like his sister had some flu, some really bad sickness and they've had gone to Disney world in this late december in florida, you know and and they got sick and that's what they brought back and I ended up with in january so now I'm wondering maybe it is possible course then I'm reading people get reinfected, so even if we have had it, because the other thing that was weird, this is the first time I've ever experienced this where um I got the flu and my daughter had it And my husband ended up with it later, but my younger kids, I mean my youngest is 12, so not really young, they didn't get sick at all. And usually, you know, once as parents get sick eventually, well
usually they get at first and spread it, but they didn't get sick at all and I found that strange with how hard hit I was in my husband, so
mm hmm. Mhm. Wondering when? Okay, well, hey, yeah, maybe or no, I don't know. I say yeah, because it didn't seem to have any lasting repercussions. I just oh, so so awful to yeah, and frustrating have been like, oh it's just the blue, it's just the blue, yes, great, but not for everybody, so uh huh Yeah.
Oh sure, how can
you
yeah, your brother without doing your name, I forget. Oh, I used to be so good at remembering everybody's names and then uh with my last child, like we couldn't think of a name, so we were going through like hundreds of name books and I mean, I don't know if that's the reason why, but ever since after that, and every time I would meet somebody and I think, I think, oh, this is another person I know with this name after that I had the hardest time remembering names and it was so weird because I used to be great at it and then Yeah. Yes.
gosh, well that to process to Yeah. So no, but Janet always thinking, have you ever seen Rocky Horror Picture show?
Oh it's hard, it's not a great movie, I don't under you know
what I mean? Like this
is
fun to be like but it's not a great movie so
actually I've never been to florida, so I have family that lives in florida, but I've never been there, So oh wait, nope, I actually take that back because I went on a cruise when I was 16 and we had to, we flew to Florida and left from Florida, so I have been to Florida but I didn't get to see much of it and I can't even remember, I think we flew out from Miami, is that right? And
when we were in the hotel
there we went to walk around and there was some police officer that came up to my mom and I and said what are you doing walking around here? You should go back to your hotel, it's not safe. So I didn't even get to look around or something.
Remember that was an interesting experience of what I had like. Okay.
Oh yeah. They have not thinking of cruises. I'm not a fan. I don't like being, I'm claustrophobic and I'm afraid of water so I'm hydrophobic. So I get, yeah, cruises are not fun to me. Have you been on a cruise?
Yeah. I always feel like I read um I
made all
these
black
boys.
and I read I read stories about what happens and it just I mean it seems like they always lose somebody. I always read these horror stories.
Yeah. Oh my my son and his mom and his dad they went to, they were on a cruise in March. They just got back from a cruise. So she did get sick and think she might have had it but they don't know for sure that that was
oh no no they didn't have any issues or anything with that. Yeah.
mm
So I still wonder if those, because they did get sick back in december because they were the ones that went to Disney World there, so maybe they already had it before
before
they went on the cruise, they travel a lot, not me, I'm a home body, I never go
anywhere.
I like
it.
Why,
wow. Yeah I grew up in um I was born in California and then moved over again, so mhm and third generation or third generation California and so yeah I really didn't, not a lot of traveling or getting around, I haven't even been except for that cruise, I haven't even been out of the country. So. And if you travel much
it's like that you just don't. Yeah, that's uh, my soon to be son in law has been to a lot of places, but not me, not like it. I'm a home body. I like to just, you know, this is how a vacation.
I love the escape rooms. There's so much fun. That's
I really, we had never gone to uh, in person escape room till just before the same place order occurred. And um, we went to our first one. We had so much fun. Now I'm obsessed. I want to go to them in Amelia.
Have you been to one at all then yet?
Yeah, there is so much fun. Kind of expensive. Well at least it was for me because you know, we're seven of us so we're paying for all of us to go. But it was a lot of fun I guess it wasn't much more than going to see a movie. You know when you get the popcorn and everything and it's a lot more fun than that. And for me I
don't
want
a rage. Oh is that like you can smash things.
Yeah. I just found out that there's one in a town not far from uh I mean I thought it sounded brilliant but me and one of my kids thought it sounded brilliant the rest of our families like why would anyone do that? This was crazy.
and you don't have to clean up afterwards. That's my favorite
part.
That's
the only reason I don't break things, I don't want to pick up after it and my kids breaking stuff all the time. So that's enough picking up for me. And then they have fun things like my graves and tv and you know all kinds of
Uh huh So you have that, So you're watching lots of shows now during this time I'm definitely watching more stuff than
Utah.
Oh yeah, watch but like
one
of the island or something,
isn't it
lower back? I haven't even heard of that.
Is it worse than I did end up watching after a while of hearing about it? The Tiger King thing I thought who would watch that? That doesn't sound interesting at all. But it actually turned out to be interesting.
Was it expensive to go there?
It's pretty
oh I want to do it at all. But so this below deck, it's really interesting like that because I
mean I just just
because I just can't imagine it doesn't sound very exciting. People work on yachts just make me jealous.
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh.
Okay. Yeah that scares me because I've actually.
gosh.
Oh my gosh I have to look that up now.
Oh my God. That sounds awesome.
Battery.
Man.
I want
to know how to fold blankets and the interesting
thing like that.
You sure? I can just see repeat my family be like you know that looks like something like what?
exactly. Yeah that sounds like so much fun.
god
people way
more
interesting
by bravo. Yeah. See I don't even have T. V. So I have to watch everything and I'm so grateful for the free subscriptions to everything lately or something.
Mhm. They flirt in
my head. I think so. The only reality of stuff I'd seen before, we watched
uh watched a couple of amazing race is years ago, and but he had just recently seen this uh what was it? Was something insane pools. I don't know if you've ever seen
that.
Yes. I mean, it's not that interesting. And can they go, there's like no drama or anything, There's a little bit, but not a lot. He
didn't
excuse
amazing pools for really, you know, rich people. I guess it makes these amazing pools with these big rocks and stuff. I don't know. I just like to see the before and after kind of stuff. That's fun. Yeah.
Oh, I wish every
time I go.
Yes. Yeah. But I think every time I go to Doctor's Office, it's the Disney channel and only, gosh, I
can't
believe
uh yeah, I wish they would do that because yeah, the, the Disney channels, I think, I don't know, I can't tolerate it the way they talk and the way they do things. It's like, is this for real the
show? Yeah. Yeah, it's different
and
Like what sort of things did they have on it? That was good
sign in with an X or C.
What?
I'm writing it down. Yes, I have a game called the non profit here, but it's with an X. So that
Yeah, I had just for um just before this all the stay at Home Orders, I've gone to the library and gotten some books and one of them was a post apocalyptic book and I'm reading it. Well, we're suddenly getting stuck at home and everything. I'm thinking, oh my gosh, the world's going to end. And I'm really, I got so immersed in the story, it was like, I wish I picked a different story, you know, at the time, which is a little too little Too much.
I've heard
that
was good. I heard
it was really good. Everybody that watched it seemed to and they were watching it during the this time, so
no, Yeah,
everything that kind of makes me that's one thing I think, is that I feel kind of sad. It's like everybody's so mad about everything now. It's like, I don't know, we can disagree about things and then try to find out why we disagree and maybe we actually do agree, you know? But you don't because people are like, nope, don't talk about that.
well, yeah, you know, I I'm kind of, I've gotten around and around on that because when they first they told us don't wear masks and I thought that's crazy, Something's better than nothing. That's just crazy, ridiculous. And so I was trying to find out, like, do research on why that is, and then I came across, I guess there's some study they did in a hospital setting, where they had people wearing uh 95 masks and surgical masks, and people were in cloth masks, and people wearing no masks, and they found They had like, almost 3000, and the ones who had cloth masks actually ended up getting the flu, or whatever, it was more frequently than the people who had no masks. So, And then also reading about like, just recently, like, I think April six or something that came out with a study where they tested the virus on the inside and the outside of masks, in fact more on the outside, um and stuff like that, so I'm like, okay, I guess that makes sense. You know, I won't wear a mask and then
now now it's the other way around, oh no, you got to wear a mask, and I'm like, I don't know, I mean it seems logically like there's got to be benefit, but then the research shows that there isn't, so I just kind of go, I don't know, so I'm kind of up in the air about it, but you know, I do it because it makes people more comfortable, nothing else doesn't make me more comfortable, but I'm not heard you about it, you know, I'll do
all.
that's why that one, the one study that had in, because it had medical professionals wearing them, so I figured if anybody was going to be doing it properly, they would be doing it properly. Um But yeah, I see that, I'm paranoid, so I don't, when I have the mask on, I get it on, just right and I test it for extended period beforehand because I don't want to touch it while I'm out, so I I don't touch it and then, you know, when I do, I'm like, I take it off and you know, but when I'm out and about, yeah, I do not see people using them properly at all. Um
I'm yet,
Oh yeah, everybody, I see people under their nose all the time. What is that? That's crazy.
But or like I told you the coffee filter or crazy stuff like that, like that's not gonna work. But I am, I'm very paranoid because now I think it's going to make it make it worse. I'm like, oh gosh, I'm gonna give my more germs because I've got
something on the basement it
so I'm really cautious about it. And also I noticed it's hard to smile with the mascot and I have to like refrain from smiling and talk smiling because the muscles in the cheeks just cause it to pop off the whole time I'm out, I'm like, don't smile that smile. And then it's hard sometimes to, to understand what people are saying because they're talking to and their mouth is covered. I don't really know how much I rely on uh facial motion and stuff to see
now.
Yeah, I know, I wonder it's just
I know, I keep meaning to. It was interesting. We had learned some sign, like my kids were little, I used to do a lot
of signing um and already I've forgotten it almost like just little of it, but when we, my daughters were trying to communicate with someone who was death with a sign language, it was interesting, she was pointing out a lot of things, well, we don't actually do it quite like that, that is the sign for whatever. But in actual conversation, they that's more fluid or different. Even having learned some sign language, it still wasn't, they had to see, you know, the combination of my daughter talking and signing to be able to understand what she was saying and then there's so many sl isn't necessarily the standard everywhere. Uh so it's, yeah, it would be great if we did have one universal sign language and everybody learned it. I think that
would be
a great thing.
I don't see any downside to that. That would be something good that I'd like to.
yeah, I know, I don't understand why we haven't gotten to that point yet, that would be great. Like
the argument would be, what would the universal language be? So everybody has a different idea and that I definitely, because I think don't more people speak mandarin than any other language and I wouldn't want that to be the universal languages selfishly because it's so hard.
No, but
more and
more
for me.
Yes. Yes. Very true.
Yes. I own that. That is absolutely true for me. Even I was like, I studied two languages but I can't speak them.
Yes.
Rough. And then there's a lot of, like you said, so many people, even when I've had friends that speak a foreign language and they go to a foreign country and speak and people are like, oh, you speak english, right? And they just aren't speaking in english. And they're like, yeah, but I want to practice this other language. Everybody else wants to practice english. So I don't know. Oh, so do we have to You think we've done our 25 minutes? I don't know. I was really nervous about this to be honest with you because I don't think I've talked that long to one person in a long time. I think the longest conversation I've had with one person was by texting it. Yes, because
usually we went,
Oh my gosh, okay. Well that that wasn't too bad, that
such a man, they were way better than I I thought it was going to be. So Like, it's because usually when I have conversations with strangers like five minutes, you know, most or something. But 25 minutes as soon as I read that, because originally when they said 25 minutes, I thought they were like about 25 minutes, you know? And it's me, Much less than that. And then I read the thing, it has to be 25 minutes. I'm like, Oh no, it's
your
money.
we now have to ask you, is it is delighting on the camera or do you have blue and purple hair?
It is, wow. Yeah, I didn't even notice that at first it looks blue on my camera. Oh, wow, it looks like a really pretty blue. Whoa. Oh
yeah, that's all one color,
I see that now and it's perfect, wow. It must be my
Oh, wow, okay. Yeah, there looks super purple now.
Yeah,
well, thank you for showing me that now. I've always wanted darker hair, but when I tried it it just doesn't because I like freckles and they look weird, but do it anyway. But you know.
Good. Yeah, I shaved my husband's head for the first time. He's never wanted to go that short and I'm like,
I'll just shave it off. You know, He's like, okay, staying home and then he was like, no. So she shaved my head and growing a beard. I don't know about the beard,
but you know, for your wait till this all over and you know, see how long it can get and stuff and then trying something new. Not me. I haven't even Oh yeah, because getting, I couldn't even get higher hair dye took like six weeks to get it. I just finally got some hair dye and I'm going to dye my hair. But some things are just hard to get. Mhm.
Okay,
we're
honey.
Yeah. It is weird. It's like little things like that. Just it really comes down to the little things. Yeah. Uh huh. That sum game notification is up on your end. The
Okay. All right. Let me just to let you go then Janet. I think we've done our due diligence on this.
Nice meeting, you, too, and thank you for making this process. Uh not so painful.
Pardon me. Oh, yeah.
I wonder
how they
did it because they didn't have so many questions or anything. Right, So Uh huh.
Okay. All right, well, good luck with that.