Yeah, okay, mm mhm All right, thank you. Mhm mhm mhm Wait yeah, mm Yeah, yeah, I know. Hi,
how's it going?
I'm all right, both
Yeah, so my name is Rachel, what's your name?
Nice to meet you.
I mean, I've been like, I don't know like I like doing the different studies. I like like telling them what I think and I mean, you know, getting paid for, it's cool too. Yeah
uh so far.
Okay, I mean um haven't really done much interesting that I uh how about you? Have you done anything interesting of thing?
Oh
mm
I'm 24 How old are you?
yeah, I mean I live in pennsylvania. Um I live in like, it's kind of like a weird area that is like, it's like, I feel like a very small city or like
a really big town, you know what I mean? It's like um so like not like city, not really like rural or anything, it's like kind of like the in between. Yeah
so like I've lived in pennsylvania my whole life, I've lived in different areas of pennsylvania although where I live now is actually where I was born. But so
I I was born here and then my family moved to philadelphia and we lived in philadelphia for a while which you know that's like you know bigger city. Um
And then for like a couple years I lived in like a really tiny town and then came back here, went to college, didn't like that college. And so I came back and went to college here. Yeah and then now I'm here again. So
so
I
I am not in college, I actually graduated two years ago. My major was art and art history. Um Which I really, I really like really
like art like making it, I like talking about it.
I mostly paint, I mostly paint I paint um a painting acrylics and I mostly paint what I call like weird portraits I do like like I like doing people as my subject matter but I kind of like adding something weird to it.
And uh
you
most yeah like I got I got into it I think when I was like a really young teenager is when I started like you know like drawing in my notebooks and stuff and then
I took art classes in high school and then it was kind of like when I was like okay time to go to college and I'm like well the only thing I really care about enough to like study it is art so it feels good do.
So I thought about I thought about teaching. Um But what I would really love to do, I would love to work in an art museum. It's kind of like my like dream job and my like dream job within that is like curating exhibits. But at this point I'm like anything, I'll take anything to get an art music.
I have done um
not really but we had an art gallery on my college campus and I worked there.
Yeah. Um Yeah so tell me a little bit about yourself, did you did you go to college or did you go for if you did?
Somewhere.
you can do. Yeah.
Yeah. I've never I I've never been very far west so
Yeah like the farthest west I've been is Ohio, so like that's not.
I'd love to like I've been traveled that much like in my life I'd like to travel more and now I have like I have some friends actually live on the west coast and I'm like well we finally go visit them
like right now. I'm not really, I don't know if I'm gonna travel right now though with
everything
going on. But
So like do you have any like hobbies or like interests like what are you into?
Um I mean what do I do? I mean I pay and stuff which I know like I went to school for that but like it is also like a hobby too.
Um And like I read books. I well I say I read books and then I read like two books a year because like my attention span is just completely shocked. Um And like I like I'm really into like movies, I love
watching movies and what else do I do? What
do I do?
My favorite movie?
Oh that's the hard question.
I'm really, I really like, I like, I like horror movies and I like some monsters in the, those are like those are like my favorites um My favorite favorite movie. Oh my gosh.
It is the movie, I usually just tell people when they ask. My favorite movie is a specific room. I don't know if you saw that from like a few years ago,
like
I like it, I mean it's like giant monsters fighting, like people are in robots fighting giant monsters and it's just like, it's really fun and I think the monster designs are cool and I think the characters are cool and so that's usually my rather than go into like oh yeah this like horror movie from 1986 is my favorite movie. I'm like the Sonogram Baby,
you know you have a favorite movie?
It is.
Oh my gosh! The movie was so good
Alex.
Yes. Oh my gosh, and the soundtrack was so good. I had like the soundtrack to be like when the movie came out, it was like the soundtrack cd,
you
know?
something.
what kind of video games do you play? I'm not like a big gamer, although I did buy a switch lite like back in March when everybody was buying.
I've heard of it.
Yeah. Yeah, I have like I've heard I've heard of a good amount of games, I just don't play this.
yeah,
I got I got the switch light and I played animal crossing for a while and then and I kind of like got like I wasn't playing it for a while and then I was like, oh, I'll play so I can do like the, like the Halloween event and then, well it's like, it's like halfway in october and I still haven't,
but
yeah, I just
why should I mean?
Emily, I think it's like, like that's kind of the appeal for some people and like, you know, like doing like, you know, these are my tasks they do every day and I go in there and animal crossing and, but yeah, so it did like, it kind of, I was like, yeah, I'm kind of done with this and then uh huh Well,
yeah, definitely. I don't know, I want to get some other games for my switch because literally all I got was animal crossing and
that's a, I
want to like, I loved, I loved Pokemon when I was like a kid. So I'm
like,
I didn't like Pokemon for my switch.
Oh yes. I like, oh my gosh, like, like the Pokemon go somewhere like this summer came out. I would so I was so into it. I was like, that's probably the most I've ever walked in my life. I was helping her walk all the time. Like
catch.
And like I still, I uh Pokemon go is one of the things where like, I would like not play it for a while and then I start playing it again and then I wouldn't would and then I wouldn't then I would Right?
yeah, spooky like Yeah, that would be, that would be cool
now.
Yeah, maybe I'll check it out.
well you can play that on the switch light, right? Can I?
Ok. Yeah.
You know, definitely check that out because, like, I like, like, like I'm just saying like 50 times sorry
because I like spooky stuff to like stuff that is like, like, you know, not necessarily like scary but like spooky I like this is usually my favorite time of the year because I love Halloween. I love spooky stuff. This I'm not I don't feel it quite as a newer this year. Yeah,
there's like a little part of it is like a lot of the stuff I normally would do is like not like I'm not they're not like having the stuff, you know what I'm?
Yeah, like haunted houses. And I even I do like for me this is always like part of like the Halloween season. But like there's like um I go to these like horror conventions and stuff. I like go to those and I know I mean I actually just saw that one forget where it is that they actually were having it. But like most of the conventions are like canceled this year. It's like right. Mm
You have I love
I love I love stuff like that. I love like going to like I love everything because there's always like they show movies and then there's like, you know the vendors selling stuff and I love shopping
and
it's just it's just fun. I love I love that stuff and so like not like not having that and like haunted houses and like even like I am like, I don't know. It's like usually I go to because um I actually, well I actually just quit my job last week. But before that I worked I worked at a department store in a strip mall and there was a Michael's in the strip mall. And like last year I would like starting like august I would like go to the Michaels every week to see like what Halloween stuff do you have about this? And so I have
like tons of like Halloween decorations. And
I yeah, I like I like I like go wild on it and like some of my friends make fun of me and say that I use like Halloween decor is like year round decoration. Like I kind of do so like valid
one
room.
I not really. I used like I used to kind of um but like not I haven't in a while and definitely the stuff I did like I did more like when I was like a teenager but like I look at like pictures and I'm like, oh that wasn't great.
Oh no, honey. Have you have you like ever done anything like that or?
like it would be like, I don't know like I thought about it and that that would be cool for you because you sell though.
See I have like so much respect for like people who so and like handmade stuff. I am very much like I would love to learn to So I haven't yet. I'm like, and part of it is like, I don't know like I would
like
Were
warm.
And it's like, I've and like, I love clothes and like I said, I have like so much respect for like, like I follow so many like, like seamstresses and like people who like make handmade clothing on like instagram and stuff and I'm like looking at their stuff like, oh my gosh, that's so cool. And you
know what I mean? Like I have like so much respect for it. And I mean what I'm here like, you know like if like one of my shirts rips, I'm like trying to like, so
it's
not a needle and thread like need to be okay
you,
but you know, yeah, cause I could be like fun for you like because like you have that likability where like what I was doing it, I was mostly like, you know, like characters that I didn't have to like, like I could like put together their outfit like from with stuff from the store is mostly what I'm doing.
Yeah. You like have like a favorite holiday?
Yeah, I definitely, I definitely feel that and like when I was like working retail because like we would have like, like christmas trees like out by now. Uh huh
because it's not even Halloween, like you completely skipped over two holidays. It's yeah, but it I don't know and it's like I don't like this like christmas, like christmas is fun, but like it should like christmas should have its own set time, not like
from before him.
yeah.
Um
what else?
do you have any pets?
What?
Oh, I love you all.
Yeah, I I don't I don't have any dogs, I have two cats. Um but when I was, when I was a kid, we had a virtual a terrier mix and she was the dorms
And then one of my best friends growing up, her parents had like 6 to Allah, so
I've
been around my was my whole life, so I yeah, and they're they're so cute, like
I think.
you will.
and
I do, I have two cats, one of them, they kind of fit into my spooky aesthetic. One of them is all black and the other is like a black and white tuxedo cat. Um They're adorable, they are downstairs and my doors closed so they're not like I don't have them here to show you, but well I guess I don't know how well that would work, I can get a picture up on my phone, but they're like I love cats, like I just and my cats are like because some people talk about how cats are like aloof and they like don't want to cuddle or whatever and like my cats cut all, they want to be
with me all the time.
Yeah. What am
I?
Um I've had? Okay uh Cobweb, their names are Cobweb and Toby. Uh Cobweb.
I've
had
for six years. Um And Toby wait I think was five years. He's he's older though. Toby we adopted um I was actually like my step dad my stepdad's neighbor passed away and her kids were like we don't know what to do with her cat. And so he's like well take him so that's how we got to be. So we had him we haven't had him as long but he's the older cat when I was getting around. Yeah they're they're they're sweet and like yeah like you know what I mean? Like I do like people all the time talking about cats are like so look like these guys. No they're cuddly, they're like
little bugs
they do for the most part um They like I mean every so often they'll be like chasing each other around the house. Um And the one thing is that like they always want to eat each other's food and I don't know if you have that problem with your dogs like and like because they are they're supposed to because Toby's older, he does have like medicine, he's supposed to eat in his food so we're like well you guys have to eat your own food but they always want to eat each other's food. But other than that they get along.
couldn't
they're they're indoor cats. Um I like I actually I would like feel pretty strongly about how like cats should be indoors. But um
I do. Yeah. Um What
partially I mean because it's not it's not it's not good for the cat or for like the I can't think of the word. No I can't think of the word like the in in like local environment.
and
um
And we'll also Toby is de clawed and like if a cat is declawed you really should not let them out because they can't defend themselves. So.
And
I don't
yeah like I want to worry about where they are. Like are they like getting into a fight with a wild animal or getting
hit by a car? No there's somewhere there somewhere in my house. I know that.
Yeah.
Um Yeah I
am. Yeah. So I I love animals. I like like
uh like I really do like I've had pets like my whole life and like I like I'm kind of a cat person but I'm not like not a dog person. You know what I like? I would I could definitely see myself like having a dog in the future. Like I had a dog when I was a kid. Like I like dogs too. I like all that. I'm not like firmly in the cat person can.
Um I've you know I mean I look like I like follow lots of people on the internet so I follow like accounts of people who have like birds and like lizards and stuff and like I like I think they're adorable. I mean I know that there's like like it's different than having a cat or a dog, you know what I mean? You know what I mean? But like you know maybe would you would you like.
yeah getting picture cute. I like to like when I when I like go to like the pet store to like get the food for my cats. I like look at it.
Yeah I lost your video for some reason. I still hear you. But uh yeah I look at all the different animals at the pet store. I think that have you there.
But mhm.
Like do you see me? Because I I
do not mm weird
your
venue was completely gone,
well
it's not your fault.
Yeah. Um um What else what else could I I'm like honestly like oh there you are.
Yeah he came back.
Um Yeah I don't know. Um You know what I was gonna ask why I started to formulate a thought in my head and then it went away.
don't know. I'm not like I usually don't think I'm very like great at like conversation but
normal normally I just kind of like uh people always tell me I'm a good listener and it's because I'm just like they're like uh
like
I do. It's all music is always always a hard question because I just I look like I listen to a bunch of different kinds of stuff and like some of the stuff I listen to is kind of weird. What kind of music do you like? Oh like what like what weird stuff do
I listen to you? Um One of my favorite bands is a band called Lemon Demon. Uh
Have you heard a Lemon Demon?
They're they're very much well it's actually just one guy, like it's a band but it's just one guy and they're uh I mean it's like the internet music act and uh This stuff is usually pretty weird um kind of like 80 cynthy ish but like about weird topics usually. Mhm. Yeah like like stuff like you know one of their songs is about it guy that turns himself into an arcade Cabinet and yeah that's that's what the song's about is called Cabinet Man, and it's about
a guy that turned
himself into an arcade cab. Um
Yeah, pretty sure Lemon Demon is the band and that's off there. The
um it was the most recent album Spirit Phone which was a few years ago. But um definitely like definitely check them out. Weird. They
and so you know what I mean like I listened to a lot of different stuff but like usually I'm just like oh yeah I listen to everything because when you know I actually tell them what I listened to was like okay like what did you listen to?
Yeah I mean
I like
classic rock to like because I do listen to kind of like a little bit of everything. I mean I love I love Queen
Queen's
one of my favorite bands. I like I like the talking heads. Talking heads are actually one of my favorite bands to I don't know if you look at them.
right. I mean they're like they're they're fun too, but they have like, you know, there's just like a few like if you start like, you know if you look up like talking heads greatest hits, you'll be like, oh I've heard like a bunch of these on the rate. Um
You know what I mean? Like I listened to so like I listen to some like classic rock, I listen to eighties music. I listen to like, You know like industrial stuff from the 90s. I listened to, you know, weird internet since the techno acts. I listen to you like I got really into like um like Orville peck. Like, I don't know if you've heard of him? He's I mean he he kind of, it's kind of country ish. If you if you uh if you don't like country, you might not like it, but he like wears like a like a lone ranger mask with like french hanging down over his face. So like you don't, you can actually see his hey.
Yeah, I live, just listen and listen to a bunch.
That's
like, it's always a little question when people ask for music. I listened. Yeah.
Horrible pack.
Yeah. Um Yeah. Uh But yeah, I like, I don't know, and I like to like put music on like when I'm painting and stuff, so I don't know any of those things like
go into my paintings or not. I don't know, maybe they do
not much like
a little bit like I know tool and I've heard a couple other songs, but I've never really gotten to any of them. Yeah.
Are they like one of your favorites or?
I um when I was
a kid, I took piano lessons, but that's, that's the, although I do, I feel like all of my answers are just like ridiculously weird. I do own a melody ca, but I don't know that I know how to play it very well.
It's like, it's like a, you blow into it and it has piano keys. It's like
I could actually go grab it off myself if you want to see it. But it's, it's, it's a thing we're into and it has piano keys. I'm not great at it though. I honestly, I'm not, wait, I kind of set up my laptop charger so I kind of have to get over it, go over to myself. Give me a sec. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. This is a politica,
there's a mouthpiece here and then it, it's, yeah, there is a different version of it that are actually, I think easier to play. This is actually really dusty. Um
We're
basically
and there are like different versions of it that I think personally. Well I think would be easier to play because it's like there's a tube that comes off of it so you can actually look at the keys while you're playing and so just being with but
I've
I don't know how to play it. Yeah
at one point, what did I,
what did I random learn on it? And now I don't remember. Shoot. Okay, I I learned a song on it but I don't remember it anymore and
Oh I just I have just a bunch like I collect weird stuff and Henry.
I'm
trying to think that I have anything that is like easily within grabbing distance that I don't have to like dig out. I don't
want to tell you what my room looks like right now because it's really a mess.
I've been like packing and unpacking stuff and it's
Mhm. I mean I uh I mean I kind of like collect collections, I have a bunch of like many collections of stuff so like I have like you know cool rocks and enamel pins and little figurines and stuff. Like I just have a bunch, I have so much stuff
so much,
but
I'm like I don't know like I just like to have different things. So I have like pull mystery hand and like like a miniature busted Vincent price, like what is this looking at myself over there where there's a palmistry hand and a miniature bust. I
know just just
just
just stuff and I always like whenever I like go places I like to get something there to bring back. And I like I like museums, Like I like any kind of museum. So I got like any kind of museum. So I have like I just always buy stuff at museum gift shop. So that's like you know sometimes it's just like a cool looking rock. They have a lot of those museum.
Mm But um like I have like what did I like I have like a thing that I guess it's supposed to be like a 17th century like clothes brush. But to me it just looks like a miniature witches broom. So like I bought that at like a museum gift shop and like like have it on my wall like it's a little witches broom.
Like I just I just always like yeah like to find weird stuff to just just get
Yeah. And I just I have a lot of stuff, just a lot of stuff in general. And it's like to the point where I'm like, this might be a problem. And I'm like, I'm trying to like, you know, go through my stuff and get rid of stuff I don't need, not like my really cool stuff. My really cool stuff I'm keeping. Mhm. But I like go through all my clothes. I'm like, I need this much clothes, but um Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know it I don't know. Maybe I'm a maximalist, I guess the opposite of a minimum, like to have things.
Um
Do you play an instrument? I kind of derailed that with my melodic.
Cool. Yeah. Cool. I kind of, I don't know, I did like chorus in high school and sometimes I kind of wish I'd done band instead.
Mm Yeah. I mean, I don't know like courses like easier in a way because like you didn't, I mean he just sang and honestly you didn't have to sing that good.
Yeah. But Oh no, I did. I like singing. I don't think I'm good at it. But I like it. Yeah, I like doing karaoke.
I do. I mean I haven't I haven't done it in a little bit when I was in college, me and my one friend would like every thursday night there was like a bar near our school that like did karaoke every thursday night we would go to karaoke
and I don't think I'm great at it but like it's fun and I feel like you don't have to be a great singer to just go to a bar and do carry.
But
And
mean I never thought I would. Um it was just my, my friend's idea. Uh you know like, hey, you know, because we had like an evening class. Like it was kind of like a tradition for like two semesters because we had an evening class together and on Thursdays and she's like, hey, this bar down the street has karaoke, do you want to just go? And I'm like, okay, I'm like, I don't think I'm going to sing, but I'll go. And then I just got like, I don't know, it was just fun. And I would like, like spend the week like looking at songs on like the internet, like, hey, what am I going to say next week It carried.
I haven't like, I haven't gone in a little bit, partially, partially because it was like with that one friend and she, she's one of the friends on the west coast now, so, so you know, but maybe maybe eventually I'll go out and visit her and then we'll do karaoke in Oregon where he lives now. But yeah, I mean, I don't know, it's fun.
Yeah. Okay. Um, I don't know, is there anything like that that you like? Is there anything like unexpected that you like to do? Awful?
Hey. I mean honestly, most of the time, like I have like interesting stories to tell, but most of the time especially, I just, I mean right now I just stay at home not doing anything. Uh, but like I'm like boring 90% of the time, but like 10% of the time I do really interesting stuff. So I have interesting stories to tell, But like 90% of the time. Just boring.
From school.
No, that, that is cool. Late. We like to have them on display anywhere. Like are
they like in my,
well?
that's cool puzzles are cool. I haven't done them in a while. I used to do puzzles. Yeah, I used to do them with my mom. Yeah.
Yeah, that could be fun to get back into. I mean that I mean that's kind of cool though now like, I don't know, I don't know if you're like stuck at home the way I am, but like if you are like you got something to do.
Do you like have like is there like a specific like kind of puzzle you do like a subject of like the picture or
you just
are you?
I don't know if I've ever done in 2000. I think the most I've ever done as 1000. Yeah,
Probably like really satisfying when you get done with it though.
What's them?
right.
I mean, I am having a great time talking but I mean if you whenever you are ready to Because I think it was 25 minutes we were supposed to do and I think we are we are at like 45. You're like 50.
So
so you know what I mean? We I mean we are good whatever we want to. I am having fun though.
I mean I think we're good. It was very nice talking to you. Was nice like meeting you virtually.
Yeah.
All right. Well if we're I mean if we're ready we can I mean I guess do we just x out of the page?
Uh huh. I get so we have to go back to the survey when we were done. So I guess he just x out on the page. Mhm.
What?
Have a good job.
Thank you. It was nice talking to you.
Well