SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm, mhm, wow, mm, Mhm, mhm, Mhm, mm, Mhm. Yeah, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm. Yeah. Okay, mm, Mhm Yeah, Mhm, Mhm. Okay, Yeah, mm. Mhm Yeah, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hey there, how are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Good how are you?
SPEAKER_L: No, I'm doing awesome,
SPEAKER_R: Good good.
SPEAKER_L: so have you done this before?
SPEAKER_R: I have several times actually. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Me too? I'm old hat,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah I usually just ask first name and where you're from if that's cool
SPEAKER_L: sure I'm jen and I'm from florida.
SPEAKER_R: from florida and then I write it down so I don't forget. Perfect. My name's Andy. I'm from Missouri and uh
SPEAKER_L: awesome,
SPEAKER_R: I would usually be in the in my office but today africa we do it in the in the kitchen here with my wife's china cabinet.
SPEAKER_L: lovely china, That is
SPEAKER_R: thank you. Yeah it was it was her great grandmothers I think. Um So it's
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: like 100 and something years old. Yeah she uh yeah it's really cool. It's you can't quite tell but it's kind of like grandma pink flowery kind of stuff but we really like it.
SPEAKER_L: you might as well like it, you know,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: it's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Well it's you know it's got a cool story and everything so I figured that's good.
SPEAKER_L: no that's great,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So how how are things are you your family staying safe? You staying healthy and everything
SPEAKER_L: uh so in florida, you know that we had a surge of cases in the beginning of the summer
SPEAKER_R: correct?
SPEAKER_L: um things were pretty much it was, it was touch and go, we ordered a lot of uh food to get picked up and now we ventured out some more, but now the cases are taking back up, so now we'll go back to pick up. What about you
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Our star on the rise I would say um We're uh and incidentally the reason why I'm able to do it to do the talk now is my 16 year old son just
SPEAKER_L: look
SPEAKER_R: had a positive test and
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: he usually lives with his mom and he was here this past weekend. So I've been home ever since
SPEAKER_L: quarantining?
SPEAKER_R: we found out. Yeah. Quarantined. So uh
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: and then I'm going to find out through uh through the health department tomorrow I go in for a test and so he's feeling a little crummy I guess. But also I'm not convinced that like that's not a reason just to hang out in bed and have all of your food brought to you. You know, I'm not a deny or anything like that. Believe me, I just I know him, you know, I know like he would be I mean over the moon to just be able to lay there and watch tv so but he
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I think everybody's like idea of that is to do that, right,
SPEAKER_R: yeah
SPEAKER_L: It's just to stay at home and be like, all right, the price is right is on just like when
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: you were a kid and you got, you know, you got your seven upper ginger ale and it's
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: so scary though, it's
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: so scared.
SPEAKER_R: is. I've had I haven't had anybody that I knew who who died but nobody minds brother was very very sick. I mean just couldn't I mean like like they had to take him to the hospital I think they ended up just deciding he need to be admitted but he was having breathing problems in 100 and three fever for you know a week and a half and so yeah it's a mess. It really is a mess.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, like I, so as you can tell them a little bit bigger than you know, the average person, but I've been on life support before, I was on life support for a week. Um
SPEAKER_R: jesus.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so I've been intubated and I actually have scarring in my lungs and my throat from that because I had to be intubated twice. Um So I take it very seriously because I know how that feels um and I know how it feels to not breathe so um yeah it's scary out there and I just keep like every like in like in april I just said this is the beginning of the beginning and now we're in the beginning of the middle as soon as we can get a vaccine we'll be better. So Oh
SPEAKER_R: it's just
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: goodness.
SPEAKER_R: just a killer when you when you see these people that are you know actively denying you know for for no other reason other than just they don't wanna, which I mean I'm all about it's America if you don't want to do X. Y. Or Z. Fine, but I mean just to say and make up this stupid crap, that's you know the conspiracy nonsense and that just the uh
SPEAKER_L: Right. I so
SPEAKER_R: it hurts.
SPEAKER_L: wanted to post on facebook yesterday. All right now that the election is over, Covid is gone, right, because that was the right,
SPEAKER_R: that was
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: the conspiracy.
SPEAKER_R: the canard, yep, yep, that was always the thing uh God that
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: even that too, there's been all of these little conspiracies popping up, you know, oh well don't you know that you know all the Q. And on crap with the election and you know oh oh they said watch the water and that meant to watch the watermark on the ballots because they've tricked the democrats into using,
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: you know and so now we're gonna ha ha ha and I mean it's it's amazing to me how uh you know, first it's amazing to me how cult like they are and just how how crazy I mean just I mean just so head over heels for trump which I do not get. Uh
SPEAKER_L: One thing is like, so I don't know what your political leanings are, but this is if
SPEAKER_R: liberal,
SPEAKER_L: you're a Republican.
SPEAKER_R: hardcore, hard, hard liberal. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you are awful. Oh so hold on. So I'll say I lean a little bit towards Liberal but I'm a moderate actually and I found in this climate I can't be moderate, like nobody wants that, they want you to be either all the way liberal or all the way Republican and I can't and if you were a complete Republican and said, you know what, I don't believe in raising taxes, I don't believe in the government, I would say great, I have no problem with you, That's awesome. But when they say donald trump is the best businessman that are Donald trump is the best wonderful list. He's the second coming of jesus. I sit there and go like, oh
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, well
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: and I suppose I even even let me let me clarify, I wouldn't I guess, I mean I I am I would classify myself as a liberal, but there's stuff that I break with the party on, you know, I don't think that you know like the gun thing, I'm fine with people owning guns, I think that personally I think that it shouldn't be harder for me to sell you a car than it is to sell you a gun. That's just me, I think that there's those things should be kept track of uh you know in that kind of stuff, you know, I I like I say I don't I don't necessarily uh you know, go along with everything, but no I I you know, and in this case and in this election too because I've got friends who are kind of the same way or who have previously voted third party and I do not like the uh I do not like the whole you're with us or you're against us thing, you know? Because I think that's that's just causing more problems. Uh But in this case though too, I said man, if you you know, because one of them was saying, you know, well they've both both trump and biden have these issues and you know, here they are blah blah blah. And I said man, but if you can't tell the difference between like a house on fire and a lit match, you know, like if you if you can't wait those out and say okay ones one is clearly worse than the other
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: I've got to say though like, all right, I don't know who you voted for, but I voted for Hillary in 2016 because there was
SPEAKER_R: did.
SPEAKER_L: no way I was going to vote for donald trump, Right? And I woke up that day when he won and I was like, the world is going to burn right? And then 3.5 years, nothing happened. I was like, oh, this is, this isn't the dumpster fire. I thought it was going to be then Corona hit and I will never blame him for corona.
SPEAKER_R: It wasn't
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: his fault,
SPEAKER_L: there's no way
SPEAKER_R: he didn't
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: invent
SPEAKER_L: wasn't
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: his
SPEAKER_R: virus. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: But I tell you what, and I was still leaning kind of like I said, I'm a moderate. And so I was kind of like, I was on the fence, I didn't like joe biden. I wanted Elizabeth warren because I'm an inter economics. And anyway, yet when those bob Woodward tapes came out, he says, I want to downplay it, I'm downplaying it. He actually went to my hometown in Minnesota and had a huge rally there and cases started spiking, they started interviewing people and then five days later he got sick with corona. Right. Then the nail in his coffin. Why I didn't vote for him was when he came out of the hospital and said, don't let Covid dominate your life. It's just a simple cold. What What? And that was it joe biden all the way And I voted for joe biden.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, same here uh and I voted for Hillary to and I was you know uh in fact, my my wife and I were just talking a little bit ago about how, you know, aside from that, I mean like the I think on the world stage trump is an embarrassment just because of the stupid things that he says and this weird rabbit following that he has from evangelicals, which I just cannot understand. Again, I don't, like you said, I don't know your religious affiliation if any, but you know, I am a former believer, not any longer, but I can't understand how someone could support him and then claim like he sent by God, because that's I mean, I don't that's not only God I ever learned about in church or anything like that man, but yeah, him downplaying him, downplaying everything, you know, and not having any and I'm sure that anybody would take it a lot more seriously if it was somebody in my close family who had died. Uh you know, but I told I told my wife, you know, like I said, the thing is is that, you know, other than just the embarrassing stuff and and watching him getting rich off of my taxes and his family, you know, nothing, nothing. I wouldn't say anything really happened direct to me uh just, you know, marginalized groups and and you know, him packing courts with people who affect women's right
SPEAKER_L: generations.
SPEAKER_R: to choose and you know. Yeah. Just right. Exactly. So
SPEAKER_L: It's, you know, and all right. So here's the thing is that I really, I thought, you know what, I'm going to be honest, I had a lot of faith in humanity. I seriously thought this blue wave was going to come crashing and joe biden was going to win. He was going to win the popular vote in all the states and we were not, you know, donald trump would be crushed. That's not what happened.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: And we and I see now that it's just a deeply divided country and I feel like down here um so it went trump right?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: But the reason why is he took out ads and down here you couldn't turn on a tv without seeing his ads but he targeted the hispanic and the Cuban vote and said that joe biden was for communism and they played that constantly. And so he got the Cuban american vote which was sad. But I really you know and I also have to tell you that I went to go get labs done yesterday morning. I got ran off the road by trump supporters, two big trump trucks with Trump flags honking hollering and they were tearing up our neighborhood and I came home and I shut the door and locked in. My my husband was like what happened? I said I
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: ran off the road, I had to take the shoulder. It was
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: ridiculous
SPEAKER_R: mean how is
SPEAKER_L: why.
SPEAKER_R: that not, how is it that a cult, you know? How is that not?
SPEAKER_L: I think it is I seriously,
SPEAKER_R: that's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I think you know I you know and I had a couple of my friends early on they said this is Hitler and I said no, come on now, you are going way too far, come on now. But now that it progresses and I see what's happening, I really do think and the sad part is I used to be in law enforcement, I was in law enforcement for seven years. All of my friends are in law enforcement and they're all trump supporters and I think the back of my head how is this affecting what they do for a living, What is this? You know, I don't come right out and ask them but its task.
SPEAKER_R: currently I currently am I work that I'm not I'm not commissioned, you know, I'm not a sworn officer but I work with them and uh you know you have to wonder about stuff like that, especially just I mean and I think I think that you know if I was an officer, I think I would just try and put stuff like that aside if I would like if I was a person of color knowing somebody else in my squad is a huge trump supporter, which has some connotations. And it's just like, man, you know, I would sure hope that you could be professional and just handle your business. But you know, yikes, I mean. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And you know the thing is, is that I hate it when people say make America great again. Right. What
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: about native americans? What about the gay people? What about, you know? And I hate doing, what about ISMs? But what part of make America great again was actually great
SPEAKER_R: Well, I I and we were my wife and I were just talking about that the other night and you know, because she said, well, you know, a lot of people would argue that America has been great for a long time. And I said, well, it kind of depends on where you cut it off. I said because you
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: know, if I said uh is a country great as long as it allows slaves to be kept. Well, that's that's a rough one. And then like, you know, is it great that uh yeah, you can is it great if it uh you know, doesn't allow women to vote, Is it great if it doesn't allow gay people to get married? You know, Is it, you know I mean? And uh you know, you know, or or you could push it into, you know, until trans people have the same rights as anybody else. I mean, that's one that I don't get, you know, like, you know, if somebody, you know, has this identity of being a different gender than they were born with or sex however you want to say it. But you know, I don't understand how that hurts me. Like I'll call you ma'am or sir, whatever, I'll go in the bathroom and go to and you know, it's just like nobody's nobody's trying to do anything here. It's just like leave him alone for crying out loud. I don't get
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: that,
SPEAKER_L: know it is.
SPEAKER_R: it's just busybodies. That's what it is.
SPEAKER_L: You know, and the thing is, is a I get
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: I should stay off facebook because I've actually unfriended seven people because like I said, I don't care if you're Republican. I don't even care if you support trump as long as you can back it up with something. But when you start saying, you
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: know, homosexuals need to go back in the closet and abortion needs to go back to the back alley. I'm having some issues. But what got me was the coronavirus and they were you know, mass cause cancer. Mass don't cause can't what the
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: come
SPEAKER_R: why
SPEAKER_L: on now.
SPEAKER_R: isn't every doctor you know in chemotherapy right now if mass cause cancer we would have no surgeons left in the United States I mean
SPEAKER_L: I mean you just sit there and you hear some of this stuff and it's just like uh you know, and then like the black lives matter and um, you know, people need to get locked up and you know, and that's so I'm former law enforcement, I am post certified some peace officer standards testing. I am had a badge and a gun and I arrested people. So, when I see some of this stuff, right? I usually take the the law enforcement side when I see the video, I see. All right, well that person has a knife. They're running. They're doing this whatever. But you can't explain away Brianna taylor.
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: You cannot
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: you cannot
SPEAKER_R: no and
SPEAKER_L: Floyd again.
SPEAKER_R: you can't explain that away.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: hard to keep defending and just to sit there I mean and the thing that also gets me about trump is that he incites violence, he tells standby.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Yeah the stupid uh God.
SPEAKER_L: Right. And
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think and I that's why I voted for joe biden to is that I was like I need somebody who can unite us who can sit there and say you're different, I'm different but we can come together we can have a place at the table. I feel like donald trump's
SPEAKER_R: constantly.
SPEAKER_L: America. I don't have a place on the table
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: at all.
SPEAKER_R: no and I think a large part of that is because I mean just by virtue of being a woman, you know you would not I mean if trump has way you you would not um you know or even mike Pence who you know like I say it was interesting watching whenever trump declared all these states that he had one and everybody is being robbed now and then he has pence come up and speak and Pence said, you know, I mean the one thing like I think that Pence is a theocratic and a dick, but you know for I mean for the one thing I will say though is I mean he's
SPEAKER_L: Be good.
SPEAKER_R: he's a talented speaker, he he's a politician and he said you know we're going to keep, we're going to keep going and we're gonna just and he never really came out and said, I agree they stole these bones. I mean he was very just like he was smarter than that at least. Uh But no, I I agree with you, like I said I've never been an officer uh actually work in the property room here in town there. Uh it's non sworn people, so you know, which I I prefer that. I think that I think that's a better system than having sworn officers having to rotate in and out. But uh I agree with you is seeing seeing some of the videos where it's like okay you know there is no why don't you shoot the gun out of their hand?
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Why don't you why
SPEAKER_L: hate
SPEAKER_R: don't you
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: shoot him in the leg?
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: And it's like listen
SPEAKER_L: I hate that.
SPEAKER_R: you you don't understand any more than because you know I had this conversation with you know one of my brothers I believe who's never had any experience like that. But you know I said I said dude this is like if he's a computer guy, he works for a computer company. I don't know, I don't know computers, he does computer stuff. But I said you know this would be like if I said, well oh your computer's got problems. Well I remember when our old console tv had problems, we just smack it on the side whenever it was like we go and smack it and then it would work out better. So why don't you just do that? Why don't you fix my laptop and just can I just smack it? It's like that's that's not a thing that's not how that works and cops shoot you in the leg or the hand or the gun, you know?
SPEAKER_L: We're not trained that way.
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: And so when I know that you know a little bit but in my training and we were trained to neutralize the threat.
SPEAKER_R: uh that's
SPEAKER_L: If the
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: threat
SPEAKER_R: think what
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: everybody's
SPEAKER_L: still moving, we're going to neutralize it. And I wasn't taught to shoot in the leg. I was taught to do a double tap in the body mass, which
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: is the chest.
SPEAKER_R: because I mean even
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: even,
SPEAKER_L: the biggest
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: part.
SPEAKER_R: and even some of the best officers whenever you see these firefights that go down, I mean it's something
SPEAKER_L: adrenaline,
SPEAKER_R: like 8%
SPEAKER_L: Everything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's like 8% hit ratio, you know, so of course, but you know and I agree with you is is you cannot you cannot justify Brianna taylor and you cannot justify George florida. I watched the video, I watched the video and you know, people saying he was not resisting. That's not exactly true. But that didn't does he did not deserve to die for that, you know? Absolutely. And certainly didn't deserve to die by that officer kneeling on his neck on
SPEAKER_L: Right. And that's the thing too,
SPEAKER_R: resisting
SPEAKER_L: is that I've taken
SPEAKER_R: any
SPEAKER_L: defensive
SPEAKER_R: of those things.
SPEAKER_L: tactics. I've been in firearms training not once in my defensive tactics did it say have your full body weight on somebody's neck? There has been times when, when they were resisting, when we would have to put our knees in the back of the small back. Never, not once. So as I ever taught to put my knee on their neck,
SPEAKER_R: And certainly not
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: when they're
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: cuffed when it's
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: over and I get it. I mean we've had we've had officers, you know and what I didn't appreciate we've had a couple because they make they make non storm people go to every year. They have like this this additional training stuff or it's just kind of like a refresher that the officers go through the range training and you know, other stuff like that. But then like the ethics and then there's a couple other little modules that the non sworn people have to sit in on and what I don't appreciate is how some of them will say nap see this guy's, you know, they'll show some of them will show videos of, you know, one of them, they showed a video and an officer was fired for it here. It's been a few years ago, but they showed a video of a different spot where you know, dude, handcuffed gets taken into the jail, they're pulling to the little sadly poor, closed the door, get him out and he spits on the officer and so the officer way lays him and he's like, you know, and he's like, well he's tuning him up a little bit and I said, or he is assaulting a handcuffed man. He is, yes man. The man spat on him, but it's like you're going to get another charge for that and I absolutely get, you know when when someone hits me of course I would say well I'm probably going to hit you back. Well it's I mean just you know, and I think those are the people who don't need to be officers if you can't if you can't I get it, you know, I believe me, I get it and dealing with bullshit day in and day out hey, you know? But
SPEAKER_L: I got out
SPEAKER_R: if.
SPEAKER_L: a few years ago because I saw more and more that it was training like it was us versus them. It was no longer to protect the community, It was no longer to serve, it was we're going to go out there and get these assholes tonight and whatever we can do, you know, we've done break checks, I'm sure you know what that is, where the suspects in the back of the car and they have the cage and then you slam on the brakes after being Libby, you know, and I started seeing more and more stuff and I just time out, I was done, you know, and I had my, one of my fellow officers was brutally murdered by her husband and I had pTSd from that. And you know, it was just, I just saw a change in law enforcement. And so when I see people say defund the police, I'm actually for it. I actually feel I don't want to see defund the police. I want to say demilitarized. I feel like we need to have more social services, but it has to go to systemic poverty. And that's what people, you can't just say defund the police and then take away the funding you have to put in those supports. Um but I'm for it, I actually for it, I think the police have too big of a budget they have. Why do you need all this stuff? Why? You know, it's just too much.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The you know bear cats and the breaching vehicles and the and the you know these I mean yeah, that's I agree with you there and I'm like I said I don't I don't think that, you know, it's not a feasible thing just to say well, you know, you have no money now, goodbye. You know that's not
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: it's not a thing that can
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: happen and but I mean that but see that and that's the thing too is and what I appreciate even just what you've said so far is I think I think that nuance is important. I think that discussion is important. Um I'm happy to hear what people believe but more than that I want to know why. And I think that I think that so many people and on facebook included, they know what they believe but they really can't explain anything beyond, well this is what I think and then you say why do you think that? And then they go well mm do you
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: find the police?
SPEAKER_L: your research, Do your own research. Don't do the mainstream media. Listen to the guy from Youtube who's sitting in his car outside of his parole officers. Mm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah or go to the website that somebody made, you know, that's like a solid block of text, you know, all the way down and little spinning like you know, flags. Yeah listen, listen and listen to the sovereign citizens. That's what you should listen to. Uh now. Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, I mean the thing is, is that and the other thing I hate, absolutely hate is when you repeat memes back to me like you saw a meme on facebook and you're just like donald trump is the leper con of Ireland and you're like where did you what the and they don't read the story, they
SPEAKER_R: Larry.
SPEAKER_L: don't read the head war, it's just nonsense man.
SPEAKER_R: honestly the meme ification of discourse is something that annoys me because I want to know, you know, I've heard people say this like I want to believe as many true things as I can and there's a few false things as I can. And if if you've got something to tell me that you have the truth, hey, it shouldn't be bothered by me asking questions of you, but please tell me because I don't want to be wrong anymore. You know, I want to be right now I have the right position and I want to learn new things. I, you know, I will try and I don't want to live
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: in an echo chamber. I read news from both sides. I try and see what other people are saying, but when it's just like, this is what a democrat looks like. And like you both, you know, the kid from deliverance, you're not, you're not advancing anything, You're not making anybody, you know, it's just like, okay, so what's, so what's that? My dad can beat up your dad. That's, that's where we've gotten to hear now, wow.
SPEAKER_L: it sucks but I got to say that it talking to you, it's very refreshing because I did have an idea in my head. Oh Missouri
SPEAKER_R: Uh you know, I'm in, I'm in Springfield, so, believe me, I am, I am a rare specimen around here, although I will say it's there's honestly, there's, there's a few, um, there's more than a few of us. There are dozens of us. There are dozens, dozens, but you know, it is actually kind of kind of purple here. I grew up in ST louis uh and then um, moved to a town called Mountain View, which is about 100 miles east of here, like basically dead center, the state almost on the on the Arkansas border and then went to high school there and then moved here in. No too, and I like it here just in so far as um you know, I mean property values achieved, you know, but uh safe
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and everything, but it's I think that just being a big college towns kind of got kind of pushed it in the purple territory. But uh yeah, but no, I I'm and like I say, I'm all about I'm all about hearing everybody's perspective, I just you know, want to know why and want to know, you know, the reasons for it other than that. Uh
SPEAKER_L: that's all he can do go through life and I always just try to keep I love talking to people because you find out so much information, you know
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: you just you get to learn so much but people now they're just you know, one of the things is that if you're I gotta
SPEAKER_R: her
SPEAKER_L: say though, if you're wearing a maga hat, I'm not going to come up to you and talk to you. I'm not
SPEAKER_R: Probably wouldn't either. No,
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: no, I probably wouldn't either. Which speaking of your, when you're telling me the story about the trucks that ran you off the road, I was thinking of probably my favorite Trump flag is the one that says Trump 2020. No more bullshit. And it's
SPEAKER_L: we have
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: who's who's who's who's been president for the last four years, You should have stopped it, there shouldn't have been any more now like where is this all coming from now?
SPEAKER_L: Did you guys get that tv commercial where it said trump? Where it had like the old lady and the phone was ringing and there's violence and rioting in the streets and it said something about and joe biden's America this is what's coming for you. And then we actually were like that's a pro trump ad but that the riots are happening now while he's president like how does this? Oh my gosh it was
SPEAKER_R: quarter of a million people are dead in trump's America from trump's from from the virus that trump mishandled, you know? No, we we just have all streaming stuff so we don't you know, we don't have to we don't have to bear a whole lot of that, you know? And
SPEAKER_L: I'm just glad it's over because the commercials were getting
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, we had one for the for the governor here um and it was the republican, you know, commercial against the Democratic nominee and saying like, you
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: know, she'll fund she is funded by the liberal mob. And
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: I paused it and I was like, you too bad. We have, you know, streaming on tv. And I paused it and it said, you know, source facebook
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: and that was, yeah. And I was like, your source is facebook. You don't, you know, I was like,
SPEAKER_L: come
SPEAKER_R: give
SPEAKER_L: on,
SPEAKER_R: me a break.
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: But of course, I mean, he won anyway. But you know, our other governor got, he resigned after some sex scandal. So, uh, you know, but it's just ridiculous. I
SPEAKER_L: Politics, I tell
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: you, I swear
SPEAKER_R: What can
SPEAKER_L: to goodness
SPEAKER_R: you, what can you I'm with you though. I'm glad it's over. I can relax at least until tomorrow when I get my covid test and then we'll find out what's going on. So
SPEAKER_L: so what do you think? This will be my last question for you? Because I know we're at time. Is joe biden gonna win?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I think so.
SPEAKER_L: You think so?
SPEAKER_R: I'm well, he's ahead, He's ahead in uh, in Nevada and as long as he can get right Nevada or Arizona, there's
SPEAKER_L: Nevada,
SPEAKER_R: no, yeah, yeah, he's ahead in Nevada right now. And I just saw to trump's lawsuits in Georgia and Wisconsin
SPEAKER_L: pennsylvania
SPEAKER_R: both got thrown out. So, and I mean like everybody I've seen has said these are just nonsense. This is an embarrassment. He's grasping at straws. Um, you know, Rudy Giuliani should stick to trying to, you know, assaulting the Borat's niece. You know, that, that whole clip. But yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Just
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: girls.
SPEAKER_R: so. I've been cautiously optimistic, but I'm feeling, I'm feeling a little swell in my bosom at this point and feeling like it just might, We just might uh, yeah, we just might see it happen. So
SPEAKER_L: I hope so. So with
SPEAKER_R: too.
SPEAKER_L: that it has been great. You stay
SPEAKER_R: Youtube.
SPEAKER_L: safe and I hope you don't have Covid.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. You too. And I actually have one more question for you to take. Very quick jen is a hot dog a sandwich?
SPEAKER_L: Never
SPEAKER_R: Not hot dogs, not a sandwich.
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, come on, give me some backup on this. Why why isn't a hot
SPEAKER_L: sandwich.
SPEAKER_R: dog?
SPEAKER_L: All right, So here's the thing is that for me hot dogs. But so anyway, you put a hot dog in a bun, you don't put like sliced meat in a bun. Right, well hang on, I remember like the old old subway, remember when they used to cut the diagonal? They used to but um and so yeah, I mean I feel like a hot dog is just it's not a sandwich because sandwiches thinly sliced meats between two slices of bread with garnish mints. And for me, I ate my hot dogs playing like seriously nothing like
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: I can't whatever
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: it tells you. I think you think it's
SPEAKER_R: I do uh but again, I'm a liberal. So of course a hot dog is a sandwich just because
SPEAKER_L: Only
SPEAKER_R: it's a
SPEAKER_L: liberals think that. Huh?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, well, I'm very liberal when it comes to this. I guess the hot dog is a sandwich because it's a split loaf, like a subway sandwich or jimmy john's just like but I also think a taco is a sandwich. Um I don't know about a burrito necessarily, but I'm but I'm kind of uh Yeah, but I'm I
SPEAKER_L: that's, you know now that I'm thinking about it because I can't stand tacos because of the way they're layered. Okay. I can't stand having the meat like, so you're gonna get, you take a bite and the first
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: bites
SPEAKER_R: can all
SPEAKER_L: meat.
SPEAKER_R: meet for all lettuce. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I can't stand, I can't stand tacos and I know that I'm in the minority on that one. But
SPEAKER_R: they're they're very good. I
SPEAKER_L: but now
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: I'm thinking about it, I'm kind of like, yeah, I guess tacos are kind of like a sandwich. You got something in between? Uh,
SPEAKER_R: Well it's I think I think we've both been given a lot to think about. Well
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: right. Well have
SPEAKER_R: very nice talking
SPEAKER_L: fun.
SPEAKER_R: to you jim. Yeah. And you and your husband stay safe and uh you guys take care.
SPEAKER_L: All right. I hope your son gets better.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you very much.