Yeah, yeah, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm, mhm, wow, mm, Mhm, mhm, Mhm, mm, Mhm. Yeah, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm. Yeah. Okay, mm, Mhm Yeah, Mhm, Mhm. Okay, Yeah, mm. Mhm Yeah, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm, Mhm Yeah
Hey there, how are you doing?
No, I'm doing awesome,
so have you done this before?
Me too? I'm old hat,
sure I'm jen and I'm from florida.
awesome,
lovely china, That is
What?
you might as well like it, you know,
it's awesome.
no that's great,
uh so in florida, you know that we had a surge of cases in the beginning of the summer
um things were pretty much it was, it was touch and go, we ordered a lot of uh food to get picked up and now we ventured out some more, but now the cases are taking back up, so now we'll go back to pick up. What about you
look
so
quarantining?
Uh
Oh yeah, I think everybody's like idea of that is to do that, right,
It's just to stay at home and be like, all right, the price is right is on just like when
you were a kid and you got, you know, you got your seven upper ginger ale and it's
so scary though, it's
so scared.
Yeah, no, like I, so as you can tell them a little bit bigger than you know, the average person, but I've been on life support before, I was on life support for a week. Um
Yeah, so I've been intubated and I actually have scarring in my lungs and my throat from that because I had to be intubated twice. Um So I take it very seriously because I know how that feels um and I know how it feels to not breathe so um yeah it's scary out there and I just keep like every like in like in april I just said this is the beginning of the beginning and now we're in the beginning of the middle as soon as we can get a vaccine we'll be better. So Oh
my
goodness.
Right. I so
wanted to post on facebook yesterday. All right now that the election is over, Covid is gone, right, because that was the right,
that
was
the conspiracy.
Yeah.
my
One thing is like, so I don't know what your political leanings are, but this is if
you're a Republican.
you are awful. Oh so hold on. So I'll say I lean a little bit towards Liberal but I'm a moderate actually and I found in this climate I can't be moderate, like nobody wants that, they want you to be either all the way liberal or all the way Republican and I can't and if you were a complete Republican and said, you know what, I don't believe in raising taxes, I don't believe in the government, I would say great, I have no problem with you, That's awesome. But when they say donald trump is the best businessman that are Donald trump is the best wonderful list. He's the second coming of jesus. I sit there and go like, oh
yeah,
You
know,
I've got to say though like, all right, I don't know who you voted for, but I voted for Hillary in 2016 because there was
no way I was going to vote for donald trump, Right? And I woke up that day when he won and I was like, the world is going to burn right? And then 3.5 years, nothing happened. I was like, oh, this is, this isn't the dumpster fire. I thought it was going to be then Corona hit and I will never blame him for corona.
Like
there's no way
it
wasn't
his
But I tell you what, and I was still leaning kind of like I said, I'm a moderate. And so I was kind of like, I was on the fence, I didn't like joe biden. I wanted Elizabeth warren because I'm an inter economics. And anyway, yet when those bob Woodward tapes came out, he says, I want to downplay it, I'm downplaying it. He actually went to my hometown in Minnesota and had a huge rally there and cases started spiking, they started interviewing people and then five days later he got sick with corona. Right. Then the nail in his coffin. Why I didn't vote for him was when he came out of the hospital and said, don't let Covid dominate your life. It's just a simple cold. What What? And that was it joe biden all the way And I voted for joe biden.
generations.
It's, you know, and all right. So here's the thing is that I really, I thought, you know what, I'm going to be honest, I had a lot of faith in humanity. I seriously thought this blue wave was going to come crashing and joe biden was going to win. He was going to win the popular vote in all the states and we were not, you know, donald trump would be crushed. That's not what happened.
And we and I see now that it's just a deeply divided country and I feel like down here um so it went trump right?
But the reason why is he took out ads and down here you couldn't turn on a tv without seeing his ads but he targeted the hispanic and the Cuban vote and said that joe biden was for communism and they played that constantly. And so he got the Cuban american vote which was sad. But I really you know and I also have to tell you that I went to go get labs done yesterday morning. I got ran off the road by trump supporters, two big trump trucks with Trump flags honking hollering and they were tearing up our neighborhood and I came home and I shut the door and locked in. My my husband was like what happened? I said I
got
ran off the road, I had to take the shoulder. It was
ridiculous
why.
I think it is I seriously,
I think you know I you know and I had a couple of my friends early on they said this is Hitler and I said no, come on now, you are going way too far, come on now. But now that it progresses and I see what's happening, I really do think and the sad part is I used to be in law enforcement, I was in law enforcement for seven years. All of my friends are in law enforcement and they're all trump supporters and I think the back of my head how is this affecting what they do for a living, What is this? You know, I don't come right out and ask them but its task.
And you know the thing is, is that I hate it when people say make America great again. Right. What
about native americans? What about the gay people? What about, you know? And I hate doing, what about ISMs? But what part of make America great again was actually great
here.
I
know it is.
You know, and the thing is, is a I get
I should stay off facebook because I've actually unfriended seven people because like I said, I don't care if you're Republican. I don't even care if you support trump as long as you can back it up with something. But when you start saying, you
know, homosexuals need to go back in the closet and abortion needs to go back to the back alley. I'm having some issues. But what got me was the coronavirus and they were you know, mass cause cancer. Mass don't cause can't what the
come
on now.
I mean you just sit there and you hear some of this stuff and it's just like uh you know, and then like the black lives matter and um, you know, people need to get locked up and you know, and that's so I'm former law enforcement, I am post certified some peace officer standards testing. I am had a badge and a gun and I arrested people. So, when I see some of this stuff, right? I usually take the the law enforcement side when I see the video, I see. All right, well that person has a knife. They're running. They're doing this whatever. But you can't explain away Brianna taylor.
You cannot
you cannot
Floyd again.
It's
hard to keep defending and just to sit there I mean and the thing that also gets me about trump is that he incites violence, he tells standby.
Right. And
I think and I that's why I voted for joe biden to is that I was like I need somebody who can unite us who can sit there and say you're different, I'm different but we can come together we can have a place at the table. I feel like donald trump's
America. I don't have a place on the table
at all.
Be good.
I
hate
that
how
I hate that.
We're not trained that way.
And so when I know that you know a little bit but in my training and we were trained to neutralize the threat.
If the
threat
was
still moving, we're going to neutralize it. And I wasn't taught to shoot in the leg. I was taught to do a double tap in the body mass, which
is the chest.
That's
the biggest
part.
adrenaline,
Everything. Yeah.
Right. And that's the thing too,
is that I've taken
defensive
tactics. I've been in firearms training not once in my defensive tactics did it say have your full body weight on somebody's neck? There has been times when, when they were resisting, when we would have to put our knees in the back of the small back. Never, not once. So as I ever taught to put my knee on their neck,
that's
just
no.
I got out
a few years ago because I saw more and more that it was training like it was us versus them. It was no longer to protect the community, It was no longer to serve, it was we're going to go out there and get these assholes tonight and whatever we can do, you know, we've done break checks, I'm sure you know what that is, where the suspects in the back of the car and they have the cage and then you slam on the brakes after being Libby, you know, and I started seeing more and more stuff and I just time out, I was done, you know, and I had my, one of my fellow officers was brutally murdered by her husband and I had pTSd from that. And you know, it was just, I just saw a change in law enforcement. And so when I see people say defund the police, I'm actually for it. I actually feel I don't want to see defund the police. I want to say demilitarized. I feel like we need to have more social services, but it has to go to systemic poverty. And that's what people, you can't just say defund the police and then take away the funding you have to put in those supports. Um but I'm for it, I actually for it, I think the police have too big of a budget they have. Why do you need all this stuff? Why? You know, it's just too much.
No,
no.
Do
your research, Do your own research. Don't do the mainstream media. Listen to the guy from Youtube who's sitting in his car outside of his parole officers. Mm.
So yeah, I mean the thing is, is that and the other thing I hate, absolutely hate is when you repeat memes back to me like you saw a meme on facebook and you're just like donald trump is the leper con of Ireland and you're like where did you what the and they don't read the story, they
don't read the head war, it's just nonsense man.
but
it sucks but I got to say that it talking to you, it's very refreshing because I did have an idea in my head. Oh Missouri
yeah.
that's all he can do go through life and I always just try to keep I love talking to people because you find out so much information, you know
you just you get to learn so much but people now they're just you know, one of the things is that if you're I gotta
say though, if you're wearing a maga hat, I'm not going to come up to you and talk to you. I'm not
All
we have
that.
Did you guys get that tv commercial where it said trump? Where it had like the old lady and the phone was ringing and there's violence and rioting in the streets and it said something about and joe biden's America this is what's coming for you. And then we actually were like that's a pro trump ad but that the riots are happening now while he's president like how does this? Oh my gosh it was
I'm just glad it's over because the commercials were getting
the
no
no.
come
on,
no
Politics, I tell
you, I swear
to goodness
so what do you think? This will be my last question for you? Because I know we're at time. Is joe biden gonna win?
You think so?
Nevada,
pennsylvania
Just
girls.
I hope so. So with
that it has been great. You stay
safe and I hope you don't have Covid.
Never
no,
sandwich.
All right, So here's the thing is that for me hot dogs. But so anyway, you put a hot dog in a bun, you don't put like sliced meat in a bun. Right, well hang on, I remember like the old old subway, remember when they used to cut the diagonal? They used to but um and so yeah, I mean I feel like a hot dog is just it's not a sandwich because sandwiches thinly sliced meats between two slices of bread with garnish mints. And for me, I ate my hot dogs playing like seriously nothing like
I can't whatever
it tells you. I think you think it's
Only
liberals think that. Huh?
that's, you know now that I'm thinking about it because I can't stand tacos because of the way they're layered. Okay. I can't stand having the meat like, so you're gonna get, you take a bite and the first
bites
meat.
Oh, I can't stand, I can't stand tacos and I know that I'm in the minority on that one. But
but now
that
I'm thinking about it, I'm kind of like, yeah, I guess tacos are kind of like a sandwich. You got something in between? Uh,
All
right. Well have
fun.
All right. I hope your son gets better.