Hello?
Good how are you?
Good good.
I have several times actually. Yes.
Oh yeah I usually just ask first name and where you're from if that's cool
from florida and then I write it down so I don't forget. Perfect. My name's Andy. I'm from Missouri and uh
I would usually be in the in my office but today africa we do it in the in the kitchen here with my wife's china cabinet.
thank you. Yeah it was it was her great grandmothers I think. Um So it's
like 100 and something years old. Yeah she uh yeah it's really cool. It's you can't quite tell but it's kind of like grandma pink flowery kind of stuff but we really like it.
that's
Well it's you know it's got a cool story and everything so I figured that's good.
Yeah. So how how are things are you your family staying safe? You staying healthy and everything
correct?
Yeah. Our star on the rise I would say um We're uh and incidentally the reason why I'm able to do it to do the talk now is my 16 year old son just
had a positive test and
he usually lives with his mom and he was here this past weekend. So I've been home ever since
we found out. Yeah. Quarantined. So uh
and then I'm going to find out through uh through the health department tomorrow I go in for a test and so he's feeling a little crummy I guess. But also I'm not convinced that like that's not a reason just to hang out in bed and have all of your food brought to you. You know, I'm not a deny or anything like that. Believe me, I just I know him, you know, I know like he would be I mean over the moon to just be able to lay there and watch tv so but he
yeah
that's
Absolutely.
it
is. I've had I haven't had anybody that I knew who who died but nobody minds brother was very very sick. I mean just couldn't I mean like like they had to take him to the hospital I think they ended up just deciding he need to be admitted but he was having breathing problems in 100 and three fever for you know a week and a half and so yeah it's a mess. It really is a mess.
jesus.
it's just
it's
just a killer when you when you see these people that are you know actively denying you know for for no other reason other than just they don't wanna, which I mean I'm all about it's America if you don't want to do X. Y. Or Z. Fine, but I mean just to say and make up this stupid crap, that's you know the conspiracy nonsense and that just the uh
it hurts.
that was
that
was
the canard, yep, yep, that was always the thing uh God that
even that too, there's been all of these little conspiracies popping up, you know, oh well don't you know that you know all the Q. And on crap with the election and you know oh oh they said watch the water and that meant to watch the watermark on the ballots because they've tricked the democrats into using,
you know and so now we're gonna ha ha ha and I mean it's it's amazing to me how uh you know, first it's amazing to me how cult like they are and just how how crazy I mean just I mean just so head over heels for trump which I do not get. Uh
liberal,
hardcore, hard, hard liberal. Yeah.
Oh yeah, well
and I suppose I even even let me let me clarify, I wouldn't I guess, I mean I I am I would classify myself as a liberal, but there's stuff that I break with the party on, you know, I don't think that you know like the gun thing, I'm fine with people owning guns, I think that personally I think that it shouldn't be harder for me to sell you a car than it is to sell you a gun. That's just me, I think that there's those things should be kept track of uh you know in that kind of stuff, you know, I I like I say I don't I don't necessarily uh you know, go along with everything, but no I I you know, and in this case and in this election too because I've got friends who are kind of the same way or who have previously voted third party and I do not like the uh I do not like the whole you're with us or you're against us thing, you know? Because I think that's that's just causing more problems. Uh But in this case though too, I said man, if you you know, because one of them was saying, you know, well they've both both trump and biden have these issues and you know, here they are blah blah blah. And I said man, but if you can't tell the difference between like a house on fire and a lit match, you know, like if you if you can't wait those out and say okay ones one is clearly worse than the other
then
man.
did.
It wasn't
his fault,
he didn't
invent
the
virus. Mhm
yeah, same here uh and I voted for Hillary to and I was you know uh in fact, my my wife and I were just talking a little bit ago about how, you know, aside from that, I mean like the I think on the world stage trump is an embarrassment just because of the stupid things that he says and this weird rabbit following that he has from evangelicals, which I just cannot understand. Again, I don't, like you said, I don't know your religious affiliation if any, but you know, I am a former believer, not any longer, but I can't understand how someone could support him and then claim like he sent by God, because that's I mean, I don't that's not only God I ever learned about in church or anything like that man, but yeah, him downplaying him, downplaying everything, you know, and not having any and I'm sure that anybody would take it a lot more seriously if it was somebody in my close family who had died. Uh you know, but I told I told my wife, you know, like I said, the thing is is that, you know, other than just the embarrassing stuff and and watching him getting rich off of my taxes and his family, you know, nothing, nothing. I wouldn't say anything really happened direct to me uh just, you know, marginalized groups and and you know, him packing courts with people who affect women's right
to choose and you know. Yeah. Just right. Exactly. So
No.
Mhm.
you
know,
I
mean how is
that not, how is it that a cult, you know? How is that not?
that's crazy.
currently I currently am I work that I'm not I'm not commissioned, you know, I'm not a sworn officer but I work with them and uh you know you have to wonder about stuff like that, especially just I mean and I think I think that you know if I was an officer, I think I would just try and put stuff like that aside if I would like if I was a person of color knowing somebody else in my squad is a huge trump supporter, which has some connotations. And it's just like, man, you know, I would sure hope that you could be professional and just handle your business. But you know, yikes, I mean. Yeah.
Right.
Well, I I and we were my wife and I were just talking about that the other night and you know, because she said, well, you know, a lot of people would argue that America has been great for a long time. And I said, well, it kind of depends on where you cut it off. I said because you
know, if I said uh is a country great as long as it allows slaves to be kept. Well, that's that's a rough one. And then like, you know, is it great that uh yeah, you can is it great if it uh you know, doesn't allow women to vote, Is it great if it doesn't allow gay people to get married? You know, Is it, you know I mean? And uh you know, you know, or or you could push it into, you know, until trans people have the same rights as anybody else. I mean, that's one that I don't get, you know, like, you know, if somebody, you know, has this identity of being a different gender than they were born with or sex however you want to say it. But you know, I don't understand how that hurts me. Like I'll call you ma'am or sir, whatever, I'll go in the bathroom and go to and you know, it's just like nobody's nobody's trying to do anything here. It's just like leave him alone for crying out loud. I don't get
that,
it's just busybodies. That's what it is.
And
thanks.
No
why
isn't every doctor you know in chemotherapy right now if mass cause cancer we would have no surgeons left in the United States I mean
No
no
no and
you can't explain that away.
No.
Right. Yeah. Yeah the stupid uh God.
Yeah.
constantly.
No
no and I think a large part of that is because I mean just by virtue of being a woman, you know you would not I mean if trump has way you you would not um you know or even mike Pence who you know like I say it was interesting watching whenever trump declared all these states that he had one and everybody is being robbed now and then he has pence come up and speak and Pence said, you know, I mean the one thing like I think that Pence is a theocratic and a dick, but you know for I mean for the one thing I will say though is I mean he's
he's a talented speaker, he he's a politician and he said you know we're going to keep, we're going to keep going and we're gonna just and he never really came out and said, I agree they stole these bones. I mean he was very just like he was smarter than that at least. Uh But no, I I agree with you, like I said I've never been an officer uh actually work in the property room here in town there. Uh it's non sworn people, so you know, which I I prefer that. I think that I think that's a better system than having sworn officers having to rotate in and out. But uh I agree with you is seeing seeing some of the videos where it's like okay you know there is no why don't you shoot the gun out of their hand?
Why don't you why
don't you
shoot him in the leg?
And it's like listen
you you don't understand any more than because you know I had this conversation with you know one of my brothers I believe who's never had any experience like that. But you know I said I said dude this is like if he's a computer guy, he works for a computer company. I don't know, I don't know computers, he does computer stuff. But I said you know this would be like if I said, well oh your computer's got problems. Well I remember when our old console tv had problems, we just smack it on the side whenever it was like we go and smack it and then it would work out better. So why don't you just do that? Why don't you fix my laptop and just can I just smack it? It's like that's that's not a thing that's not how that works and cops shoot you in the leg or the hand or the gun, you know?
No
uh that's
I
think what
everybody's
for
because I mean even
even,
well
and even some of the best officers whenever you see these firefights that go down, I mean it's something
like 8%
it's like 8% hit ratio, you know, so of course, but you know and I agree with you is is you cannot you cannot justify Brianna taylor and you cannot justify George florida. I watched the video, I watched the video and you know, people saying he was not resisting. That's not exactly true. But that didn't does he did not deserve to die for that, you know? Absolutely. And certainly didn't deserve to die by that officer kneeling on his neck on
resisting
any
of those things.
And certainly not
when they're
cuffed when it's
over and I get it. I mean we've had we've had officers, you know and what I didn't appreciate we've had a couple because they make they make non storm people go to every year. They have like this this additional training stuff or it's just kind of like a refresher that the officers go through the range training and you know, other stuff like that. But then like the ethics and then there's a couple other little modules that the non sworn people have to sit in on and what I don't appreciate is how some of them will say nap see this guy's, you know, they'll show some of them will show videos of, you know, one of them, they showed a video and an officer was fired for it here. It's been a few years ago, but they showed a video of a different spot where you know, dude, handcuffed gets taken into the jail, they're pulling to the little sadly poor, closed the door, get him out and he spits on the officer and so the officer way lays him and he's like, you know, and he's like, well he's tuning him up a little bit and I said, or he is assaulting a handcuffed man. He is, yes man. The man spat on him, but it's like you're going to get another charge for that and I absolutely get, you know when when someone hits me of course I would say well I'm probably going to hit you back. Well it's I mean just you know, and I think those are the people who don't need to be officers if you can't if you can't I get it, you know, I believe me, I get it and dealing with bullshit day in and day out hey, you know? But
if.
Yeah. The you know bear cats and the breaching vehicles and the and the you know these I mean yeah, that's I agree with you there and I'm like I said I don't I don't think that, you know, it's not a feasible thing just to say well, you know, you have no money now, goodbye. You know that's not
it's not a thing that can
happen and but I mean that but see that and that's the thing too is and what I appreciate even just what you've said so far is I think I think that nuance is important. I think that discussion is important. Um I'm happy to hear what people believe but more than that I want to know why. And I think that I think that so many people and on facebook included, they know what they believe but they really can't explain anything beyond, well this is what I think and then you say why do you think that? And then they go well mm do you
find the police?
Yeah or go to the website that somebody made, you know, that's like a solid block of text, you know, all the way down and little spinning like you know, flags. Yeah listen, listen and listen to the sovereign citizens. That's what you should listen to. Uh now. Uh huh
Larry.
honestly the meme ification of discourse is something that annoys me because I want to know, you know, I've heard people say this like I want to believe as many true things as I can and there's a few false things as I can. And if if you've got something to tell me that you have the truth, hey, it shouldn't be bothered by me asking questions of you, but please tell me because I don't want to be wrong anymore. You know, I want to be right now I have the right position and I want to learn new things. I, you know, I will try and I don't want to live
in an echo chamber. I read news from both sides. I try and see what other people are saying, but when it's just like, this is what a democrat looks like. And like you both, you know, the kid from deliverance, you're not, you're not advancing anything, You're not making anybody, you know, it's just like, okay, so what's, so what's that? My dad can beat up your dad. That's, that's where we've gotten to hear now, wow.
Uh you know, I'm in, I'm in Springfield, so, believe me, I am, I am a rare specimen around here, although I will say it's there's honestly, there's, there's a few, um, there's more than a few of us. There are dozens of us. There are dozens, dozens, but you know, it is actually kind of kind of purple here. I grew up in ST louis uh and then um, moved to a town called Mountain View, which is about 100 miles east of here, like basically dead center, the state almost on the on the Arkansas border and then went to high school there and then moved here in. No too, and I like it here just in so far as um you know, I mean property values achieved, you know, but uh safe
and everything, but it's I think that just being a big college towns kind of got kind of pushed it in the purple territory. But uh yeah, but no, I I'm and like I say, I'm all about I'm all about hearing everybody's perspective, I just you know, want to know why and want to know, you know, the reasons for it other than that. Uh
Absolutely.
her
Probably wouldn't either. No,
no, I probably wouldn't either. Which speaking of your, when you're telling me the story about the trucks that ran you off the road, I was thinking of probably my favorite Trump flag is the one that says Trump 2020. No more bullshit. And it's
like
who's who's who's who's been president for the last four years, You should have stopped it, there shouldn't have been any more now like where is this all coming from now?
quarter of a million people are dead in trump's America from trump's from from the virus that trump mishandled, you know? No, we we just have all streaming stuff so we don't you know, we don't have to we don't have to bear a whole lot of that, you know? And
yeah, yeah, we had one for the for the governor here um and it was the republican, you know, commercial against the Democratic nominee and saying like, you
know, she'll fund she is funded by the liberal mob. And
I paused it and I was like, you too bad. We have, you know, streaming on tv. And I paused it and it said, you know, source facebook
and that was, yeah. And I was like, your source is facebook. You don't, you know, I was like,
give
me a break.
But of course, I mean, he won anyway. But you know, our other governor got, he resigned after some sex scandal. So, uh, you know, but it's just ridiculous. I
know.
What can
you, what can you I'm with you though. I'm glad it's over. I can relax at least until tomorrow when I get my covid test and then we'll find out what's going on. So
Yes, I think so.
I'm well, he's ahead, He's ahead in uh, in Nevada and as long as he can get right Nevada or Arizona, there's
no, yeah, yeah, he's ahead in Nevada right now. And I just saw to trump's lawsuits in Georgia and Wisconsin
both got thrown out. So, and I mean like everybody I've seen has said these are just nonsense. This is an embarrassment. He's grasping at straws. Um, you know, Rudy Giuliani should stick to trying to, you know, assaulting the Borat's niece. You know, that, that whole clip. But yeah,
I think
so. I've been cautiously optimistic, but I'm feeling, I'm feeling a little swell in my bosom at this point and feeling like it just might, We just might uh, yeah, we just might see it happen. So
too.
Youtube.
Thank you. You too. And I actually have one more question for you to take. Very quick jen is a hot dog a sandwich?
Not hot dogs, not a sandwich.
Oh, come on, give me some backup on this. Why why isn't a hot
dog?
All
you know,
I do uh but again, I'm a liberal. So of course a hot dog is a sandwich just because
it's a
yeah, well, I'm very liberal when it comes to this. I guess the hot dog is a sandwich because it's a split loaf, like a subway sandwich or jimmy john's just like but I also think a taco is a sandwich. Um I don't know about a burrito necessarily, but I'm but I'm kind of uh Yeah, but I'm I
You
can all
meet for all lettuce. Yeah,
they're they're very good. I
like
that.
Well it's I think I think we've both been given a lot to think about. Well
you
very nice talking
to you jim. Yeah. And you and your husband stay safe and uh you guys take care.
Thank you very much.