Hello?
Hi, how's it going here? Let
me, I'm doing well. Nice to meet you.
I'm in
charleston south Carolina.
Oh well, how are things going up there? Are you, are you open? Right?
good.
Um we reopened way sooner than we should have.
And so it's like part part of it is we've allowed tourists coming in because it's a big victoria city and so like every
time the numbers are under control
should uh like all the bars were open and stuff so they close those
back down.
and that they've been like
closing
on a sort
of thing is just to try to keep
people
from gathering
because especially the point of public access on some of the beaches get really, really crowded.
Yeah.
Congratulations.
No.
And sit, I've been um like it's somewhat involved in protests here, but they're like at least the organizers messages like we need you to live to fight another
day. So if that means you can't be here, like we understand there's other ways
that like, right, call these people, write these letters. Uh,
Good. Yeah, they, we've had a bunch of protests recently. Um, and then a few days ago, um, the city announced their increasing police presence everywhere and bringing out like swat teams
on a regular basis um for,
you know, a special incident, but like,
like all the time. So there's
we spooked right now?
not
true.
What?
that sounds like it. Um
So, uh,
I assume your business has been booming lately and like with
all the
ted
There we go.
And
Um So I'm currently at a university student, I was undergrad. Um it's like Nashville um and I work for work like
four different
jobs part time. Um but yeah, I'm studying cognitive studies, which is yeah, it's super fun. Um but it's like rebranded psychology basically. Yeah,
sometimes are like, I mostly like when I, when I'm looking at like the media or like political decisions, I can be like, people are like what? This is so outrageous, this makes no sense. I'm like, well it makes sense because of these reasons like this is so I'm
lessons
of the apology and more into like the like group games
of all, like
the moves, like how are people trying to like everyone is manipulating each other all the time but like I'm trying to get what they want. Um Yeah.
Oh
come
It
is.
Shit.
come here we'll see if I can get him to jump up here he is.
rooms What's
up? He's a big yeller. You'll just bear you go. But all right. Yeah.
Well he doesn't like being held or being like he doesn't like a lot of affection but he just wants company so he'll yell, he like come stand next
to it and then he's happy.
we sisters.
long of a bruise and Bella is his sister.
Oh yeah I mean especially nice during quarantine to have I mean
Come on.
Yeah. Yeah. I hate that I was talking
with my friends about that. I hate that. Like the
politics of like
there's either
side,
there's fiction like global warming wearing a yeah,
Yeah. Yeah. I've been listening to a podcast lately and there was one um, he's talking about how the Nixon presidency make conspiracy theories mainstream because like, like all of a sudden people have been saying these crazy things this whole time and all
of us, one of them is true. And so this could be true.
What else is real? Oh.
Hey,
I'm
I like one of those, how do you convince someone to care about other people? Yeah.
Yeah.
What?
Well,
so
my brother was working in a restaurant
here
and they were, so for the, we didn't have a mask mandate for quite a while. And then um,
then you came out with one, the like states still
doesn't happen on, um but they were still all in without masks um just because they didn't want
to lose the money because like they've been hard, like they didn't want to lose any customers that they could get. Um like yeah, there's also like business owners, there's also that like almost fear motivated, like how do I stay afloat? We're also trying to protect my workers and protect myself and all of that.
I started actually pretty early during quarantine um
because I uh was doing school online and I've gotten furloughed from my jobs and like always to make money online and yeah, because I've been doing pretty consistently since then, because it's yeah, pretty good. Like it it pays per hour pretty well compared to some other things.
And,
is nice. Like it it tastes really well for your time, so yeah, I have the like notification.
Um Yeah. Uh what would
you like the chrome extension? So I'll like be doing something else and you know, china start doing,
do you use google chrome? Um
it's it's called a prolific assistant. Yeah.
huh. Mm. Right.
Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah. Um How did you get into um doing what you're doing? So what's your career path in like?
huh. But I love it.
Yeah.
Okay. First thing Hi.
Authority.
Here
it,
he's kind of like, no, I'm like the edge of my beth
Um Oh goodness, like 14.
Yeah. We got him when I was in second grade and I'm now a junior are almost a senior in college, so Yeah. 10. Yeah. 13 - 14.
Yeah. Yeah. My cousin took in
a stray cat and then it ended up being pregnant and all of a sudden she had she went from like one
extra
pet,
six extra pets and she Like four cats. So um she like past them all off to everyone. So yeah, we got two of them.
Yeah.
Or
no, he did. She named all of them, so we just like rolled with it. I think they
I think they all have names like Bruce and Bella and um I think there's a boxer and like there's a bunch of different, there's a Betty. My cousin says Betty.
don't know.
I used to have he's so we're talking to my dad because he he loves my sister and dad but he doesn't like my dad and my brother. So my dad keeps talking about like like he's gonna be spoiled rotten when we go back to school. Um
Like so everything cold all the time. I was hanging out with them when we go back. He's gonna be so lonely.
There is no other actions.
so cute.
the husband?
Um So I was in high school and I was interested in computer science and statistics and psychology and I was like trying to figure out what the major and um and I like stumbled upon cognitive studies and that kind of combines all three sir. Here we are. Um And that's actually like I the scholarship I have to go to school is a cognitive specifics fellowship, which is really cool.
So it works
out well. Yeah,
quite possibly. Uh I am interested in doing, I've been mining in quantitative methods so I'm interested. I might go into polling like
especially political polling, you know, managing that data
or into standardized test development.
Yeah. You know something
that will make a difference
but no use
my
well,
my friend.
So cool.
But really cool.
Song Yeah.
Two. Yeah. One of my friends from high school actually goes to N. Y. U. Um But all their classes are online next semester. So yeah, she's staying home and she doesn't have to pay new york rent for the next
step.
So good.
Yeah. Yeah. That's how it is in my school it's like twice as much it costs as much to like share an apartment and have a kitchen and all of that first begin the dorms and have a roommate. So yeah they left everyone normally you have to live on campus. Um
They
only let as many people involved campus that they don't have room for in the door. Um With this offense sir they were like if you can find a place on campus please do april there trying to get as many people out of the dorms as possible
to lower the
DNC.
my friends goes to school in Rochester and
Elena yeah.
Yeah all of us like a friend group, most of us go to school down in the south and so we'll be like oh my God it's no like two inches classes cancelled and she's like 7ft tall and I still have to walk across Kansas to get the class on my snowshoes and like hike across.
Here if it's below freezing though for like a long enough time they'll cancel because um a lot of kids don't have winter jackets just because stays warm so often. Um and so they don't want anyone like getting for us by waiting for the bus. So like sometimes they'll do like a delayed start um to let it warm up a little before they have to pick everyone up.
Mhm.
At that
time.
me too. This was fun. Um Have a wonderful
day with.
Hello?
I close it.