Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah. Right. Yeah. Mhm. But mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Hi.
Good.
Nice to meet you too. Um Where are you?
But
cool. I'm in queens new york.
outdoor um outdoor restaurants and stuff like that, but basically we're still trying to be pretty careful about it. Like cuomo has been really hard on restaurants that have had like a lot of people drinking and stuff in them where he just yanks there, you know, I'm not a fan, I haven't liked cuomo in the past, but I'm really glad that we had him, you know, running our state because it helped us out a lot.
How are things down there?
Where and
trick
probable
there
but okay
baker
because
Yeah
true.
Well
good.
Have been. Yeah. Yeah,
I know it's better. I know that being outside is better than being inside, but at some point when you have like a huge crowd it's not great. But um yeah my husband and I are 25th wedding anniversary is on the 6th.
Um. Oh thank you. So my husband especially has been really bummed out because you know we can't really do anything. I mean we could but it just seems like it would be so foolish to like try to take a trip or anything like that. So we're going to a restaurant we like because they have patio seating and even that I'm kind of nervous about. Um
And I used to do a lot of like protests and stuff in the city and now I'm and and in D. C. And now I feel kind of bad that I'm scared too scared to start doing that again. Uh huh.
It.
To them.
and. Yeah. Yeah I I actually I started a like a protest sign sort of t shirt store on at C two years ago. So that's like I've been doing that and I made a lot of friends going to like protests and stuff like that, but my husband's diabetic so and he's like 64 so I worry about like giving him something, but honestly it's also just that I'm I'm scared for myself too. But I think at some point I I have to get back out there again because I just I feel like I don't know new york is doing pretty well. We haven't seen a big spike from the you know, Black Lives Matter protests and stuff that have been going on. So I think that like being outside and being mindful and wearing masks and everything seems to be working
What?
Great.
All
Hey. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I mean that's the I mean that seems like that's the idea of its like when trump would say like oh we're gonna send federal troops into new york and we're like you know flipping the bird at the T. V. S and like don't
you come
here? But so yeah it's it's I mean the whole idea of that, I mean the police just I mean they called it a kidnapping just grab this protester and threw her into like an unmarked minivan in the middle of the street in new york. And so that got a lot of people in an uproar but supposedly she'd done some graffiti or something like that and they can work to protect like federal
property and stuff like that. But that doesn't really I think rise to the level of like dragging someone into an unmarked van where basically you could be rendition bring them or you know, maybe you could be like, I don't know, just some random kidnapper who bought a camo outfit at the army navy store, you know, and decided to grab you. So I don't know if things are really scary right now.
Yeah. Yeah.
Wait.
Well
not, you know, it's weird. I've saying to somebody yesterday
like I feel like people's outrage has finally caught up with, you know, the struggles and stuff I've been making all this time. So yeah, I mean there is there is an optic. I mean it's not something where I'm going to get rich over it. And but the thing is that
I really like 99% of my store is only 95% of my store is, you know, political stuff. So really what I want is for the day after the election for all of that stuff to be worthless. And for me to have to like recreate the whole store and maybe just start with like I survived the trump presidency or something like that as the birth t shirt for it. So but it it is the thing that's really nice about it is that I get to like right back and forth with with people who are like customers and stuff and and that's really um that's really neat, it will
do that. So um so what what do you do for commission?
Bring
what?
wow. So that must be, it must be really interesting like do you have friends who ask you to like explain trump to them?
that's it.
When
and
you're right.
Yeah
sure.
Yeah. Yeah I read um I read mary trump's book and um I liked it especially because she had like kind of a psychological stance on it and because she didn't go like super emotional or anything like that and it actually made me feel a little less, I mean not less angry but like more like when he does something
crazy,
I don't look at the tv and and scream
at the tv necessarily. Do you have a kiddie there? Mm
We have we have three but none of them are around at the moment.
It's
Oh
Two.
Okay. Oh that's so cool. His name is Bruce. That's
name for a cat. Yeah.
Oh that's so cool. We have we have a sister and a brother um Ozzy and Darla and a big big maine coon she's like £18 and her name is Carrie. Yeah she's like when she comes on your lap, you know, it it's large. But I mean they're they're awesome. I can't I can't imagine not having them around.
Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. I don't know how people were. Well, like my friend jess, she's like, you know, alone and doesn't have any pets and stuff and and it's it's hard, it's hard on her. Plus she's in Manhattan which was really getting, well actually we're in queens were really close to the Elmhurst Hospital that was like really the hot spot. So um I'm still amazed when I go outside and people are just not wearing
not wearing mess. It's like it's become such a such a political thing.
But
it's
great.
So
it's
Right. Yeah. It's like it can't be like okay, it's it's a problem enough where I'm going to do this, it's either all in or just like nothing like it's not happening at all and you know and then you've got people who are doing things like like uh the Q. And A. On people who said you know that tom Hanks um fled to Greece to avoid being charged as a pedophile and you know like just just absolutely insane stuff. But I don't know I you know I could see being I mean conspiracy theories are really like sexy because you know you're you're looking for um at least I see it as like you're looking for patterns in something and meaning in something so you're making connections that aren't you know necessarily really there. Right.
Treasury
I,
Yeah yeah that's a good that's a really good point. Um Yeah and it's also I think that there was some you know even though you know Kennedy was shot and on okay was shot and all these other things have gone on before I think there still was like some sort of baseline trust
in the government until
until the uh the Nixon thing and even with Nixon there were people who were totally on board with him like right up until he got on the helicopter. So you know I mean I don't know. Yeah it's gotten to the point where I mean I have I have like I have one trump supporting relative and you know I just can't talk to him at all about this. I've gotten to the point where it's really I mean no one Trumpers don't really want to initiate a real conversation. The ones that I've got, they just want to spar and I feel like there's no sense in that at this point. Yeah.
Exactly.
Exactly. And you know, and everybody thinks that they're doing the right thing. It isn't like most people are running around going ha I'm going to kill people, you know? But like, even our bagel joint, it's been on the on the national news a couple of times because this woman went in there and refused to wear a mask, and she like, spat on somebody else who was in there. I mean, just like Yeah, and and then the people who work there got um the people who work there got like all this crap, like, I'm not ever going to eat there again because they didn't make this person do something like what exactly were they supposed to do in that situation? Like, I think all these people who were getting pressed into these jobs of like, we're supposed to be policing people, and it's like you think somebody,
I mean it doesn't have to be a minimum wage earner, but you know, somebody who's working a service job, it's not their job to like police people or, you know, throw their bodies in front of you when you try to get in without a mask. I mean, that's like I worked at this health food store and and we, you know, one time we had somebody steal some something, I had seen that the security guard didn't, security guard wasn't up front and they're like, chase that person and I'm like, no, I'm sorry, I'm not going to take the chance of like getting hurt over like a bottle of vitamins, like you don't pay me enough
to do that. So, I mean, just the fact that all these people are putting themselves in harm's way, mostly because they can't afford not to. Yeah, but I don't know. That's correct.
I heard
I
should
you?
It's
But.
Yeah. Right. Right. Exactly. Yeah, I know it's a scary time to, I don't know. Oh but um so how did you get into doing this pro prolific stuff? Perfect.
Go.
Yeah definitely. Um I did um you know focus groups and stuff like that
for a long time and I mean obviously now they're all online but it used to be like in person, things like that. Um It was a good way to like you know, make a little just a little bit of money on the side, but I liked because there are things are like easy and quick and they pay really quickly which is nice. Um Some other places I've done it where it's like you get a penny at a time and you have to have like 1000 pennies and it takes two years and then they don't send it to you. You know that kind of thing But
Thanks.
What?
Oh I should I should get that. I don't have that extension. I should get that.
Of course.
I'll get that because I'm just you know I'll just notice that when I go go through my emails so yeah that's a good idea. Cool.
Yeah.
What else is there time?
Yeah. Um I always I wanted to be a writer but that was like I ended up sort of falling into a job working for this pr firm and then from that I ended up working for a plastic surgeon and ended up working for four different plastic surgeons over a 15 year period where I was like running there, running their business. And then in the middle of that I was working at a health food store, so Hey Bruce! Um
that's so cute. Um and
I decided like people who do um plastic surgery wanna live forever from the outside in and people at health food stores want to live forever from the inside out and like they're both like really, really just very stressful to be around. So then that's a horrible one.
Come here darling darling, here's your cat, just come here baby,
see if I can get her up here. But so anyway, um I was in the first women's march here in new york and I started making signs and then people said they liked them, so I taught myself how to uh design. Come on, come here Darla, come on, she's so shy. It's very cute though. Maybe
if
I took him up,
how old is he?
Oh wow, that's great,
that's great. That's really cool. Mhm.
What?
I
want
to.
That's so cool. Yeah. Um
did you name him Bruce after after? Is there a reason that you named
him Bruce?
What? I'm sorry.
that's cool. Yeah, I had
Emmy, He was awesome and it was named after James Dean, but you know, I mean that was a long time ago, I would be seen so um Yeah. Yeah, they're great, fairly great.
yeah,
but maybe he'll like speak with your dad then, it'll be like yeah, you're all right. Oh
yeah, Yeah, I mean my husband just went back to work like a couple of weeks ago, back to work in the office, so he'd been here for a long time. And so now when he comes home like the three cats just like swarm him because yeah because they got used to having them around all the time plus he's the one that gives them yes to say T R E A T. S. S actually wait tweets trees come here, come here as treats. Come on. Oh my God there's one of them that ties me.
Anyone curious? Come on Carrie, come on, come on, giddy. Okay that's
that's Carrie P is so huge. She's very good. They're going to be so mad at me because I didn't actually give them anything. And Darla, Darla Smart, she won't pay close enough for me to grab her. Yeah so that's that's that's our brood. No kids just cats. Oh how did you get into um cognitive studies?
wow.
That's
yeah. So um what do you what do you think you're gonna do around this you're going to go to grad school?
What
that
that's right. Those those both sound really interesting to deal wow. Cool.
That's
great.
my
niece
my
niece is studying um social work
but but she's also like branching out into some sort of like city planning type stuff so that you know she won't necessarily just be a social worker forever. She wants to maybe be able to do other stuff. Yeah.
Oh she's I mean she was at N. Y. U. And now she's at home in in boston and she was really but I mean she had to graduate on Zoom. So
it was kind of a bummer for her but you know I mean obviously everybody's you know going through this kind of stuff but Yeah.
That
you know that's a huge that's a huge thing. I think my niece she's still because she has a roommate. Uh it's a nursing student and so I think that they're stop letting right now so
you don't lose it because I think they've got something in Brooklyn that's like super cheap and that just like doesn't happen here. So um so I think they're still hanging on to it at least for now. But but yeah new york new york rent is ridiculous. Plus N. Y. U. Their their dorm, their prices for their dorms are insane, like it's almost cheaper to like get your own apartment share than it is to like live at the dorms.
Thank
you.
Hi
what?
Oh that makes sense. Yeah my school we just uh I think it was supposed to only be seniors or you know like frats and sororities that were allowed to be off campus. I don't know what they're doing now. I think they're just like completely shut down. Yeah, but that's like that's in northern new york where it's freezing. So like if I were still going to school there I would be so psyched not to have to go because it's just it's like right up on the Canadian border, it's so cold. But you know, Yeah
Roger. My father's in Rochester. Yeah.
I mean they get crazy weather. Crazy weather. Yeah, I'm from Governor, which is like several hours above there. It's like if new york looks like a key, it's right at the top left of the key. Yeah. Oh, so cold. So cold. But Rochester is like, I remember seeing pictures of they had like 10 ft instant stuff wow.
Yeah. Yeah. Where I grew up it was like they wouldn't they wouldn't close school until like a school bus turned over like just like slid into a ditch and turned over. Then they would think about closing school but otherwise forget it. I had a friend who moved out to Arizona and she's like Oh my God it's 15° and they closed school and we were like you suck up to go. But yeah, that's funny. It is.
that's cool. I never thought about that that you know, you could just be freezing because you don't have the right clothes. Uh huh.
Tom Well I think we did our put
in
our time here. It's been really nice talking to you.
brilliant.
You too
look. Yeah, I don't know how. Okay.
Okay, let me see. I think,