uh Hello
party.
Oh I'm okay, how are you?
Sorry
I'm on I'm on my phone so I'm trying to get a good yes mm I guess is a good angle. Uh you can see. Mhm.
Were you? Uh I'm from Canada originally Toronto but I live in new york whatever it is
some pretty I mean uh
you've probably been like or
you're like Windsor in Ontario,
do
you know?
and I was I was thinking of like the because I know there's like the border with Detroit and stuff.
Yes. Yeah I kind of miss it because I have been able to go back for. Mhm. Like I haven't seen my uh I haven't seen my parents since like
december um
except on like videos like deeds but.
Mhm. I really I really want to like
I've never I've never been in the U. S. I haven't been to like very many places I've been like all around you know all around like I guess like the tri state area like Connecticut and Jersey and new york. Um And I've been to like L. A. Wants Seattle once but I want to go to like you know the south, I want to go to like you know Detroit Minnesota, all those all those places. Yeah.
Mhm. Did you did you like grow up in
michigan or somewhere else?
And what do you like?
Are
you like retired or
do you
do?
Yeah. And are they like
kind of like clustered
near you or do they all like
spread out more?
I uh
it's weird my parents had me like pretty
Like my mom is older than my dad and they were in their late thirties when they had me. Um And I'm like 30.
So I I don't I don't I don't feel like urgency. you know, I mean, I want to I want to have kids eventually, but it's kind of like, you know, they took a while, so um
and
even
to
you,
so like what is uh like how big is Lansing, like what is, is, I mean it's obviously not like Detroit, but like is it like small town ish, or? Mhm,
Mhm. Yeah, my my my dad
is
from, oh, so what you gonna say?
We're
just saying my dad is basically from, he's from England, but he's from the city that he's from is basically like, you know like the equivalent of like Rochester or Detroit or you know, like they used to have a lot of industry and is now kind of like hollowed out um like he uh he was like the first person in his family like ever finished high school and that kind of thing. Um And it's like it's like the poorest, it's like Northeast thing and it's like the poorest part of the country. Um And I think they have a lot of the same problems.
Yeah I'm in Brooklyn, I'm in I'm near the water, I I live in like this uh I live near like carroll
gardens,
which is this
kind of like italian american neighborhood. Uh And there's like um further a bit further east to me, there's like Prospect Park which is like
Central Park, but
in Brooklyn uh
so I went there yesterday and just watched the dogs running around. Um
So that's nice.
Are you thinking of getting another one?
Good. Oh yeah they're really cute. Yeah.
my when I was a kid we had a golden retriever like lab mix and those seem like pretty easy going. Uh I think they're pretty smart for dogs. Uh
My parents actually adopted another one from like Egypt or something. I mean they're not totally sure she's adopted but she it looks like the same mix and she's she's been like adapting um in the middle of the pandemic, but they told me the other day my little brother who lives in, my parents took her to the butcher shop and she like got away and was like sort of like slinking away over the sidewalk and he just yelled at her name and she like instantly like dropped to the ground ashamed. Which is very
Uh What was their name?
I was I was volunteering at something in Manhattan the other day and in like a park and somebody, it was like not a french bulldog, it was like this huge great bulldog, someone just like push it past in a stroller. Uh It
looks like it looks like it was having like the time of his life. Uh
huh. Yeah.
Oh, I I'm basically like a writer, so I do like writing editing, like like I'm a freelancer right now, so um like today uh yesterday I sent an editor, like a bunch of ideas for stuff that I want to do. Um And then today after this I'm just gonna do research like read books for an essay that I want to write. Um And there's like places like places where I kind of like write regularly, um but I don't have like a full time job or anything.
Good.
Do
you still do you still like cook on your own? I really I really love doing, I was I've been doing a lot actually like when you like couldn't go inside, I was doing a ton of cooking um
and
it I think it like helps, you know, keep you from going insane. Um Mhm.
there like is there like anything you've made recently that you that you really you really liked? I'm sorry.
That
chicken adobo is so good,
like all the
Mhm. There's um oh man, it's been a while so I can't remember the exact details, but if you search for like, you know, new york times cooking like chicken adobo, there's like a really good recipe that I used. You might be able to track
down.
a week or two ago I made like, it's basically you take out an entire chicken and you make this sort of like marinade out of like go to jang which is like korean hot sauce
and a bunch of other stuff. And then you like paint the chicken with that and like put whole potatoes underneath the chicken and you just like roasted so the juices are like falling down the potatoes. It's so good. Uh huh.
I never like I worked as a caterer for
a while but so sort of adjacent, but I've never been like a cook. My brother, my little brother has worked in like, you know like high end restaurants in Toronto. Um But yeah, I've never, I've never done like professionally, I just like I want to do it for like friends again, you know? Um But you can't right now,
Yeah, because it's nice because I'm often like, you know at my computer kind of like messing around or I looked at my phone probably too much. And so a lot of them just like, and a lot of them you can just do on your phone, not all of them not uh but and it's just yeah, I mean I uh I I don't have like any kind of like guaranteed income.
I mean there there there are places where I I yeah, I do so regularly that sort of count on, but like those magazines or websites could like go to business tomorrow, you know? Um So any kind of like extra income really helps. I was, I was also like, I have like, you know, sold stuff like online on Ebay, like collectible stuff um Yeah, but prolific is like, I think that's the best design, you
know,
out of all the, like I've tried to couple them and it's like it's very clean, you know, there's not like pop
ups or anything and um it seems to work really well,
Yeah. Mm. Thank you.
Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. It's like honestly it probably pays better per hour. Like a lot of the writing I've done because some of that stuff doesn't, you know, it's like, oh great. I got a check for like $1000 or whatever that's like I rent for this month. But then I think about like, Yeah, like the amount of work they did on this, like I probably made, you know, $15 an hour or something like Um so yeah, what you can make, yeah, when it's like $10 or something for this, like that's that's great.
It's really nice right now. I actually just got, I just got like an air conditioner. Uh I've my entire life why I had my parents have an air conditioner at their house, but my entire adult life I've never had an air conditioner. Um And like you know people joke like ha ha like like Canada is so cool, but Toronto is like right at the border, you know, it's like not that much colder than I would say, it's like five degrees colder than like new york or probably probably probably similar to where you are. Um In terms of weather, uh Montreal is the one where it's like brutally cold in the winter. Um But here it got so hot in july, I was just like melting inside my own apartment even with a big fan, I was finally just like I'm going to order an air conditioner, like this, the smallest window one, and I pay somebody like $50 to set it up and now I'm like in paradise, I don't I don't want to go outside.
But uh I actually do really want to go. They opened the beaches again here and you know like on like Long Island and the Rockaways and I I think I've gone a few times. I really want to go there again before like the end of summer when it's still nice.
Because there were, I mean like last summer I went to like every weekend it seemed like almost um What about what about where you are?
Yes. I feel like I don't mind the, it's like the humidity that is really awful, like when it's just like, you know, you you like go aside and it feels like there's this like sweaty damp towels, like rubbing over your face.
Whereas
like whenever, you know like the one time that I visited California like at one point it was hot but it was like really dry which was actually fine. I mean California is also just like the most beautiful climate in the world. That's why someone who live there. But um yeah the the humidity is like Freddie gross at times.
Oh yeah. I mean people, I think I read that people barely lived in florida before um like air conditioning and that was that was a big part of why I like the South um industrialized too because before then companies would be like hey we want to build this, you know branch plant or or like office in like you know Georgia will be like I'm not I'm not moving to Georgia, I'm gonna die there like it's too hot. Um And now you know every like my friends who grew up there say that it's just like everywhere is air conditioned in the south like Okay.
Well
fall is like the prettiest one probably.
I'm just sad that like Halloween is not going to be a thing this year or like a very different thing. Um
Yeah, I don't know what people are going to do, but they won't be going door Doris that's for sure.
Yeah, it's sad. Um Also thanksgiving is really because Canada has thanksgiving but it's in like early october and only one day, so it's always very strange. Like I don't, I don't like go back for candy and things, it's not nearly as big of a deal. So I always loved after I moved here when like american things that we would come and everybody would leave who didn't grow up here, you know? Because it's so it's like a week basically. Um And the city would just feel like you know, kind of like empty in this kind of like like almost heartwarming way,
you know like but now I think that would just be depressing because it felt like that for months um in a much worse place. I don't know.
Medical.
Right. Yeah. I've heard that
the test for like a vaccine or promising but that I would be amazed if that, you know, if they came up with something by the end of the year,
live alone like gave it to people in a finished
Um I don't think it ever got that bad outside of like a handful of places. Um I think the government was just like much better with dealing with it. Um And even even here now like people are still, you know you can't have meals and doors um you have to wear a mask on the subway and
everybody
still is still very good about wearing masks in public. Um But I think the rate here is really low now um Whereas
in
like
other,
it was it
was horrible and now it's like but now so now it almost feels like it's it's like half gone here whereas like in Georgia or whatever, they still have tons of cases.
I I think we uh we reached the time now, It's like 20, minutes.
because
we
started it started at four so and it's like 4:30 almost now.
Oh yeah. Uh Yeah Yeah it's going to be 25 minutes so I think we've
Is
there?
Oh yeah, yeah, sure. Um That makes
sense.
Yeah, I think they're pretty the first one I did was like underway a couple of minutes and I, you know, they didn't care. So I think they just don't want people to be like, you know, be like, hey what's up and then like hang up and then uh you know, still pay out. Um
Yeah.
Yeah, it was lovely media. Mhm.
You too, bye.