Hey how are you walking?
How you doing?
I'm
not doing
where are you from?
I'm in michigan
Yeah.
Why?
No
I'm in michigan
but I've never been. Yeah I michigan.
Okay. Yeah I'm in Lansing so I'm lying in the capital of michigan so I'm like in the middle of the state. But yeah I've been to Canada before.
More.
Yeah.
Oh yeah That makes it rough.
Where?
now there's nothing really great in Detroit but
back.
I was born in marshall michigan. A real small town probably about 40 miles from here. But I was raised here in Lansing. You know
what?
Well
I'm
disabled
I'm disabled. Yeah I have three grown Children while one my oldest got murdered 11 years ago. So hands that's been really hard on me and and then I have another boy and a girl and six grandchildren. So
course
what?
All
My son he's 29 he lives with me. Kind of helps take care of me. You know um He's not married or anything. My daughter she don't live too far from here and she has four kids. My son that died had two when he died. Yeah.
Wait
well. Right
well.
Right that's
how
my
son
feels to the one that lives with me. He's not in a hurry. You don't even know if he wants kids so why?
would say medium it's not a big town you know I don't even know what the population here is anymore but it's not real big. No I mean it's not a real tiny place but on it's kind of you know getting bad the crime is getting bad here but I mean not quite as bad as Detroit but. Mhm.
So you
live
No go
ahead.
Right. Yeah. You live right in new york city.
What?
No
thanks.
you know
what?
Or
Oh
Yeah. Yeah I used to um I had to have uh I had two french bulldogs and they both had to be put to sleep within two months of each other and it's been about a year and it's kind of hard on me. I miss them.
Probably not a french bulldog even though they're my favorite brood. But they're so expensive. They have a lot of medical problems. Um I love them though. They're great dogs. I'm thinking about getting Sheba.
they are. Well yeah if I could I mean if I had you know back when I got my french bulldog, well one was actually my son's but anyway we had I had a good job back then you know, so I was able to take him to the vet when they were supposed to and all that but now it would be kind of hard on me and I'm not gonna do that to it, you know? So I'm gonna get a different breed I think.
heard they are.
Yeah. Yeah I miss having a dog but it's only been like a year so get myself a little bit more time you know fact here's a picture of one of mine
deter his name was dear I don't have and the other one was a cream like a more of a white color and his name is boomer. Yeah I miss him.
No.
yeah
it may have been an english bulldog but um yeah I'm you know look for maybe getting a sheet but we'll see what anyway what do you do as far as work?
wine. Yeah I miss working. I was a head cook in a cafeteria, in a state bill in the state building here. Um But I can't
I became disabled so I can't work anymore and I hate it. I can't find anything to do you know?
Are
I don't know what
the fuck.
I like to cook. That's my passion you know? I like to cook, I like to bake, I like all that so.
well everything but recently I've been doing a lot of like pickling like pickled onions and pickled tomatoes and and uh I kind of went on a rampage with that as all I've been doing. But um God I made tacos, spaghetti yesterday and that was excellent. Um I'm trying to
think I make all different kinds of things. I do a lot of like christmas baking and self candy making you know um But yeah I'd like to learn different cultures too you know mm I really want to get into maybe filipino food and that kind of thing you know
I
want to make some of that really bad.
often
I'll turn and all
then
sounds really good. Sounds like Ron wow
What?
Yeah so you do a lot of prolific studies.
All
you
know
love it.
and the other ones you seem to a lot of them you don't qualify for, you'll be halfway into it and then you know but prolific they kind of give you the one that you do qualify for you know so I like it too, I do it to have you know I'm on a fixed income so it really helps me through the month you know are
and these are nice these higher paying ones you know?
Yeah it is it is. So what's the weather like there?
Hi you're real.
All right.
it's extremely hot. Um it's almost 90° I think. I don't know I don't I got an air conditioner so um when it gets too hot I can't handle it like they and I stay and work well but yeah it's hot here.
No my
head
now it is always florida to like that.
You have to have one. It gets pretty hot here too in the summer you know But
we have some brutal winters sometimes. But fall is my favorite season. I can't I don't like that. He I mean too hot it's too hot. You can't have fun outside anyway you know. So All right
it is. here it is while it would be where you are too. Um It is cool highlight that you don't have to work old but you know, maybe a light jacket. But I like that
I heard you know the kids probably won't be able to go well they
role.
Great.
Lot of things have changed. That's for sure. All the kids are trying, you know, they're trying doing online schools
and that's got to be hard on the parents at work. You know what? It worries me. I stay in as much as possible. I don't, you know, I don't trust it. Well, I think it's going to be around for a while.
What?
Why?
How is it in Canada? The covid?
Normal
heart.
Good
work
was
bad very long
time.
You know Florida. two in Texas. I think Michigan's doing pretty good with it. We're doing its mask are mandatory in public. Here are in storms you know it's mandatory. So um we're doing we're not too bad here you know But there's worse places on.
Oh is it? Are you sure? Oh did you talk
to
it?
It's 4:25. I just want to make sure
we might want to
wait
a couple more minutes because I think it might have been like A couple minutes after four.
I
just don't want to screw it up and we don't get paid her.
Where I? Yeah well
we're probably close then but it was nice talking to you.
You too. Have a good day.
Bye bye.