SPEAKER_L: Hello. An echo. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh, wow. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Okay, suffer. Mhm Yeah. So yeah. Mhm, mm. Mhm Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Good man. Oh, so
SPEAKER_R: um people I
SPEAKER_L: hello?
SPEAKER_R: need to work currently
SPEAKER_L: Sorry,
SPEAKER_R: believe. Yeah, that's fueled by the front door
SPEAKER_L: do you see many? Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_R: couple hours thinking worst case scenario I can set up my tent in the croquet field and work out of that. Well, if people are coming up and say equally now tell you the white fly up there because I've got to like CNN from work and everything and I'm just concerned that that's not gonna work. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: hello?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. Okay. Say
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: use the old PPI or Okay, I okay, I gotta go. Um but I will talk to you later. All right, thanks. Call my
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me okay?
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Sorry. My God, called me. It's the pack a lot. There we go. Yeah. How are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: How's it going? All
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Whereabouts are you
SPEAKER_R: I am in Seattle Washington.
SPEAKER_L: okay on the other side? East Coast. Yeah. In New Jersey.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, wow. What's it like over there right now,
SPEAKER_L: Um, I've just been staying inside so I haven't been going out, but I just got back here. I haven't lived here In the long and over 16 years. So it's a little weird like we're just going back to being here, but also part the same America that I left, you know. just coming back in a pandemic.
SPEAKER_R: No kidding. Where were you before?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I was in Zambia, in southern Africa.
SPEAKER_R: How cool. How's that?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um, it was interesting experience. I was there for two years. I was living, I was a Peace Corps volunteer, but we were recalled because of the pandemic. So we got a call in last minute, we had to pick up our things and just leave so suddenly, so just be adjusting back to
SPEAKER_R: good now.
SPEAKER_L: coming back there.
SPEAKER_R: No kidding. That must be like a huge change.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, it is in certain ways, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely uh a whole different world out there.
SPEAKER_L: mm in New Jersey I think has like the most number of cases or like the highest death rate at the moment now, it's the past new york. So this is like the new hot spot, you know? But over where you are, that that was like the beginning
SPEAKER_R: Well in,
SPEAKER_L: when I was in Zambia, I was listening to the news and I heard that Seattle was like the first place, so
SPEAKER_R: well it's so wild. My parents are not in the Seattle area and actually I'm going to be leaving here soon and I've been trying to emphasize for them like I'll have to quarantine for a couple weeks when I get home. My parents are older and it's just so wild that like because yeah, they are not in a high risk area like Seattle, it just feels like a totally different world where I'm trying to emphasize to them that they're like, oh well do you think that's necessary or like it's probably fine and
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: I'm like no you guys, this is really serious. I was like yeah, I I am gonna because I was like I have no I do. But yeah, so it's just really interesting talking to friends and other parts of the country and talking to people who are like, oh it doesn't seem that bad here and I'm like, it is real
SPEAKER_L: not yet,
SPEAKER_R: bad here,
SPEAKER_L: exactly, so scary because it makes you see what's happening in other countries. Like when I was seeing what's happening in Italy and everybody was warning
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: that it's coming soon, like to learn from those mistakes and it's good if it doesn't come to you yet but you have to like prevent it from happening, but
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: the thing is if it never gets bad and that those areas they would think that oh you're overthinking it, you know, nothing happened, but that's because it was working, you know, so it's really difficult to explain though
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, it's Yeah, exactly, it is when it's yeah, and it's like I have friends who are in the Portland area who are saying like, oh it's so dumb that we have to wait in line selling for grocery isn't like we have to wear these masks, we have to do these things. And I was like, and yeah, my friends are saying like, oh there's hardly any cases, almost like there's hardly any cases because you guys are doing good with the distancing and the wearing the mask and doing all the things like you have to keep to.
SPEAKER_L: exactly, it's working.
SPEAKER_R: It's so yeah, I'm a little nervous about moving during this um
SPEAKER_L: So you know already scheduled to move and then it just happened to be I don't know
SPEAKER_R: well I I was actually supposed to leave the country um I was supposed to be traveling for nine months starting in june and because that is no
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: longer happening, I'm now like well I'm not staying here. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: we're going to go
SPEAKER_R: Um we're gonna go Morocco, Tunisia, Egypt Tanzania, Namibia Botswana and then Argentina and chile. Oh wow.
SPEAKER_L: so cool, but not at the moment um maybe we don't know when
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: that's unfortunate timing mhm
SPEAKER_R: hopefully it was a travel fellowship for school, so now it's like well they suspended the program rightly so
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: um but yeah, well we'll see in the future, I'll be interested to see
SPEAKER_L: more
SPEAKER_R: yeah, when travel resumes and what that looks like and like I've been seeing a lot um Yeah yeah, not sure So much in the last few days because it was stressing me out, but I know a lot of countries we're talking about like not even issuing visas before 2021 and it's like well okay
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's what Zambia was doing. They just stopped issuing tourist visas because we were thinking about staying in Zambia when they ordered the evacuation because we were safer there. We lived in a remote area and we knew we stayed there but it was just a problem with visas like we would not have our government issued visa passport and we would lose our health care and things like that,
SPEAKER_R: why?
SPEAKER_L: so and who knows how much the situation would escalate Because at the time there were no cases but by the time we were leaving a week later there were three cases and now there's like over 100 but it's still not a lot, but I could see it spreading over there quickly. So. But yeah, I'm worried for them over there.
SPEAKER_R: well, oh man is most of the country rural like?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but most of the country like lusaka, the capital is pretty developed, but then when you go out it's yeah Very rural. I lived all the way in the north, about 14 hours from the capital. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: goodness, healthy. I realized it was not big,
SPEAKER_L: Oh it's huge. Yeah that's the size of texas. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah we spoke to go to Tanzania lacks october but then they cancelled, they would not let us travel there because there was like Ebola a few cases of Ebola practically from the DRC. So yeah and then we were planning on going in uh june july this year, but then now here we go, that's right, we want to go back to Zambia though so orders waiting to see the process like when we could go get reinstated, so just waiting around now.
SPEAKER_R: good for you. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: so you're going to move over to where your parents are?
SPEAKER_R: I think so, I think at least temporarily. Um I'm somewhat lucky um my bosses let me know my contract isn't going to be renewed but they let me work remotely um for a few weeks after I leave Seattle and so I'll at least like be able to go home and do that, which is nice but it's not a lot of places are hiring right now
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah I know. So have you been working remotely before this or just since
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: the stay at home orders?
SPEAKER_R: since this and it's kind of funny because I had asked about working remotely and I was told that for my role it is impossible and I have been home for like 2.5 months now.
SPEAKER_L: well and you've been doing it to say working
SPEAKER_R: I mean there's certain
SPEAKER_L: once?
SPEAKER_R: parts of my job I can't do certainly. Um but we only have two people in the office right now um and not full time and so I appreciate that they've taken it pretty seriously and my boss has been understanding that like and my co workers have been super great um and so I'm able to take on some of the stuff that they would have done remotely and then I can give them things that I would do find from the office and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I feel like I ever saw study or like a little poll that like 50% of the people want to continue working from home after this is over because they realized that, could, you know, they don't have to commute, they don't have to get already and they were productive at home. Some people, I mean a lot of, a lot of the jobs could be done at home, you know lot of it is just wasted time sometimes at the office, but it really depends on the data of course.
SPEAKER_R: it definitely depends on the job but I'm one of those people like I really like it and I've had other roles where I've worked remotely and I really enjoyed that. Um Especially yeah traffic here in Seattle and public transit and everything, I'm like oh my gosh I got like eight hours a week back like. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'm trying to I want to work remotely as well, like in Zambia, I wasn't able, I didn't have internet connection so I wasn't able to try to work on little side projects. But I was traveling a lot before like I was living abroad for five years before Zambia and like when I was traveling I met a lot of people who are working remotely and just moving all around the world just working from the computers. So that's my goal
SPEAKER_R: Now kidding
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: myself. Amazing.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah. Well see I just don't like to be tied down to one place.
SPEAKER_R: What's your favorite place that you've been?
SPEAKER_L: Um South Korea Vietnam, probably some of the Malawi is pretty nice. It's hard to say Japan, Japan is really nice to visit but not the best place to live as far as like work and stress but it's one of my favorite places to visit. Very beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: casting
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Do you like to travel?
SPEAKER_R: I do. I've mostly
SPEAKER_L: I mean you know.
SPEAKER_R: travel across the U. S. Um I've done a few big road trips in the last couple of years and seen um most of the states looking down over the way. Um But I haven't done, I mean I've been to europe um and then I've been to muslim Beat, but I haven't really done a lot of like other international travel, so it's really excited about this trip, like I finally get to go. Um Yeah, I'm always curious what do people like to go and see and recommend and do, because I would also love the kind of job where I could just go and not have to worry about planning and organizing and really you do. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: And sometimes it's it's we're pretty lucky to have the U. S. Passport and the U. S. Dollar is pretty
SPEAKER_R: here,
SPEAKER_L: strong compared to a lot of other places. So you can live for very cheap by traveling full time cheaper than you would in America.
SPEAKER_R: that's true, that's a good point,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah when I was in Australia I was there for a whole year and I was able to stay the whole year without paying for like accommodation at all the entire year just by doing house sitting, work exchanges camping camping in so many ways you can like hack the system and but you're having interesting experiences without like spending too much money.
SPEAKER_R: That's so cool. I look looking at Wolfing in Argentina. Um And yeah, there were so many interesting things because I've been joking, like
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: maybe
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: I'll go work on a winery and I was like under farms. They have, she
SPEAKER_L: Who?
SPEAKER_R: like all these like, like that sounds so fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's so cool. I love that stuff.
SPEAKER_R: How long have you been traveling?
SPEAKER_L: I left here I first went abroad in 2010 and then I came back and I worked for two years I was living in Florida and then I went to live in Korea for three years in 2012. So I've been away until the whole time until last month. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure it's really different,
SPEAKER_L: Yes. So weird. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: because I can't even wrap my head around it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I left the northwest. Gosh, for not even three years. Um And yeah, I came back to a totally gentrified in Seattle and was like, oh, if I know, I think they want to stay at a little longer,
SPEAKER_L: wow. Yeah here is very expensive over there.
SPEAKER_R: it's I think I think it's getting comparable to places on the east coast. Um it's not quite san Francisco, but I would say it's getting close to mosque then. Um But yeah, I mean it really, it has also changed so much. Um So I I mean I have a love hate relationship with it, like I'm happy to be leaving in a way because yeah, I I won't miss my commute at all. Um and it has gotten very, very expensive but there's still a lot of fun things here and there's places I think to, I get weirdly sentiment all about places and so I'm like if I'd known that was my last time eating there, it would have been different as opposed to like, oh, I don't know, some of my favorite spots are reopening and so yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's weird
SPEAKER_R: well seen
SPEAKER_L: having to say goodbye to your friends and it's gonna can't really do that a proper goodbye you know?
SPEAKER_R: I know, I'm like, do I have like a zoom party? Like that feels really sad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so much on the zoom. Well when are you leaving?
SPEAKER_R: Um Maybe in june so I have some time. I just have not been super motivated to pack either and so like, oh, it's already, may I need to be more on top of this?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. And do you live with any roommates now or
SPEAKER_R: It is just
SPEAKER_L: we'll be in
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: France? Okay that's right,
SPEAKER_R: What about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm staying with my parents now
SPEAKER_R: fun How's
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: yeah it's nice to catch up with them you know I haven't seen them in a while so it's nice to spend time with them and I'm able to go out and do things for them um because I'm worried about them going out you know I do that for them but I only go out once every two weeks and I'm very cautious about
SPEAKER_R: What's
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: smart?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and I was lucky that when I first came back the Peace Corps was able to cover my accommodation for two weeks for self quarantine
SPEAKER_R: I'm just
SPEAKER_L: or else like I would not come back here immediately just you know just in case flying overseas for like three days straight. Just. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: Pretty lucky though it's a the whole time.
SPEAKER_R: Oh God. Yeah that's scary goodness.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah it's crazy like we only got our temperature taken in Zambia when leaving but then we were in Ethiopia and the airport was super crowded. There were there was no hand sanitizers, nobody was wearing masks, there's no information on anything.
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: And this was like March 21. Yeah and then there was no soap in the bathroom, they ran out of soap. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: my God
SPEAKER_L: and then when we are blind to the U. S. And we arrived in D. C. Uh there was no health screening and no temperature taken or anything like it was so easy I just went right through I can't believe it, I was just so surprised I thought we were going to be in line for hours like before we were allowed in the country but it was like no I guess if you came from Italy or china and then it would be more but
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: still.
SPEAKER_R: staying. Yeah it seems a lot of things here in the U. S. Have been horrifyingly lack. Um Like we do some work with insurance companies and like one of our carriers are saying that they'll cover anything that's COVID-19 related at 100%. But the problem is we don't have enough tests and so we have people who are going to the hospital they're being told they probably have Covid and that they need to be home for two weeks but then they're being told like oh well we don't have any tests. And so they get a flu swab when the flu swab will come back negative and then they send people home and then insurance won't cover any of it because they're saying you can't prove that it was covid 19 because there was no positive Covid 19 tests. And the reason that there is no test was because the hospital doesn't have them available. And so it's been this really frustrating thing of being like, we know that there's so many unreported cases and
SPEAKER_L: definitely
SPEAKER_R: having to jump through all these hoops and be like, we know this happening. Like just cover it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Oh my gosh the pull of all oh I'm so scared of what's going to happen mm and people are like getting fed up with sheltering in place it seems I mean I'm not like out there talking to people, I don't know anyone in this area. Like I don't really know, people are actually thinking, it's just what I see in the media, so I don't really know what like everyone I talked to all my friends are all taking it seriously. So I don't really know anybody personally who's like who wants to go back to work and I don't know what's going through their heads.
SPEAKER_R: I think it's real wild because I have friends in Oregon who are still meeting up with people and doing things as long as there's six ft apart. And I was like, oh my gosh, the idea of that gives me so much anxiety. But I also know, yeah, I I've had to really
SPEAKER_L: If
SPEAKER_R: cut back my social media intake because like we have a lot of beaches and parts that are like cordoned off with police tape right now and people will post pictures or videos of them hopping over it or climbing under things
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and like going to the beach anyway, and I'm just like, I cannot.
SPEAKER_L: Oh it's so frustrating. It's not that hard. Just just listen
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: one, it's for your own good. You know, people are, they're not trying to like we're in your life, this is like for your own good. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like I'm due for a haircut and I was thinking of texting my stylist and being like, maybe just walk me through, like how to thin it out because I was like, I don't really care what it looks like. I'm like, I just want to be able to comb it and then we can fix it, whatever. That's fine.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there you go. It's funny because in Zambia I cut my own hair for two years and I was thinking like, oh when I come back to America, the silence is going to be like what the hell to be moving the hair. But now, after all this should be like everyone is going to have all messed up here. So I Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: don't know why people are so concerned with how they're going to look. I mean we've all been home for months. Like,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, nobody can because we all understand
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: if you're someone, I think you're like we get it
SPEAKER_R: like, I was going to go get my eyebrows done like two days after the stay at home order went into place, and then I was like, well I'm here now, so okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's gonna make you, but then at the end of the day you realize like what is really important, you know? I think that Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, well I'm, yeah, even if things reopen tomorrow, I'm like, I'm not rushing anywhere where somebody would touch my face, like, no
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: way,
SPEAKER_L: no, no. Yeah, like in Georgia, that was like one of the first things to open up haircuts, massage parlors, tattoo parlors before best friends opened up, which is,
SPEAKER_R: Remember,
SPEAKER_L: I don't understand that right now. But
SPEAKER_R: I can't, I can't imagine. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's really difficult for the people who are providing those services to the people who are demanding that they want a haircut. They're not asking for the people who you know give the haircut. So do you want to go back to work? Do you want to get off unemployment and then, but I'm gonna put you at risk like yeah, very selfish
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. 1 2. Yeah. You know, so many stylists and like tattoos and all these people are self insured to, and so like,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: it's such a risk for them, like, uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we're but yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Let's
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: see.
SPEAKER_R: we'll see what happens. I
SPEAKER_L: Are you going to be nothing else to we're moving or are you going to play out?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'll be driving, and so I'm trying to strategize, but I thankfully have a pretty fuel efficient car, it's just not very big. And so I'm like, how do I make the least number of trips, It's gonna be a little like, Tetris, I think.
SPEAKER_L: that's fun now and now gas prices are like super low, so that's a little positive. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I couldn't believe it. I went when I go grocery shopping and try to go in the morning. Um And yeah I was like wait what happened where have I been? Why is it so cheap now? Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's uh
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: it feels a little little stranger every day.
SPEAKER_L: uh yeah, so these are prolific tests you do you do anything else like this? Like how do you start doing this or?
SPEAKER_R: Um I've been doing it um Mostly just as a way to make money. There's not I haven't found any other sites that are like this or it's like um I think it's frequent or anything and so I've had a good experience with it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I just found out about it like a month ago because I was looking up little ways to earn little things on the side, so yeah, this is cool and I'm all about helping support social science research so.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Yeah it's it's been so great to chat with you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah you take care stay safe
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: too.
SPEAKER_R: I hope that yeah we get to some some some normalcy. Um and you can continue with the Peace Corps. That's so cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, for sure. Maybe you'll be in Tanzania when I'm in Zambia.
SPEAKER_R: That would be great.
SPEAKER_L: Never know. Cool. Okay. I hope you have a good
SPEAKER_R: Thanks
SPEAKER_L: day.
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: Anything.
SPEAKER_R: too.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.