Hello. An echo. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Oh, wow. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Okay, suffer. Mhm Yeah. So yeah. Mhm, mm. Mhm Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Good man. Oh, so
hello?
Sorry,
do you see many? Yeah. Right.
hello?
Okay.
And
no.
Hello?
How's it going? All
Whereabouts are you
okay on the other side? East Coast. Yeah. In New Jersey.
Um, I've just been staying inside so I haven't been going out, but I just got back here. I haven't lived here In the long and over 16 years. So it's a little weird like we're just going back to being here, but also part the same America that I left, you know. just coming back in a pandemic.
Yeah. I was in Zambia, in southern Africa.
Yeah. Um, it was interesting experience. I was there for two years. I was living, I was a Peace Corps volunteer, but we were recalled because of the pandemic. So we got a call in last minute, we had to pick up our things and just leave so suddenly, so just be adjusting back to
coming back there.
Yes, it is in certain ways, yeah,
mm in New Jersey I think has like the most number of cases or like the highest death rate at the moment now, it's the past new york. So this is like the new hot spot, you know? But over where you are, that that was like the beginning
when I was in Zambia, I was listening to the news and I heard that Seattle was like the first place, so
Well
not yet,
exactly, so scary because it makes you see what's happening in other countries. Like when I was seeing what's happening in Italy and everybody was warning
that it's coming soon, like to learn from those mistakes and it's good if it doesn't come to you yet but you have to like prevent it from happening, but
the thing is if it never gets bad and that those areas they would think that oh you're overthinking it, you know, nothing happened, but that's because it was working, you know, so it's really difficult to explain though
exactly, it's working.
So you know already scheduled to move and then it just happened to be I don't know
my
we're going to go
so cool, but not at the moment um maybe we don't know when
that's unfortunate timing mhm
or
more
yeah that's what Zambia was doing. They just stopped issuing tourist visas because we were thinking about staying in Zambia when they ordered the evacuation because we were safer there. We lived in a remote area and we knew we stayed there but it was just a problem with visas like we would not have our government issued visa passport and we would lose our health care and things like that,
so and who knows how much the situation would escalate Because at the time there were no cases but by the time we were leaving a week later there were three cases and now there's like over 100 but it's still not a lot, but I could see it spreading over there quickly. So. But yeah, I'm worried for them over there.
Yeah, but most of the country like lusaka, the capital is pretty developed, but then when you go out it's yeah Very rural. I lived all the way in the north, about 14 hours from the capital. Yeah.
Oh it's huge. Yeah that's the size of texas. Mhm.
Yeah we spoke to go to Tanzania lacks october but then they cancelled, they would not let us travel there because there was like Ebola a few cases of Ebola practically from the DRC. So yeah and then we were planning on going in uh june july this year, but then now here we go, that's right, we want to go back to Zambia though so orders waiting to see the process like when we could go get reinstated, so just waiting around now.
so you're going to move over to where your parents are?
Oh yeah I know. So have you been working remotely before this or just since
the stay at home orders?
well and you've been doing it to say working
once?
Yeah, I feel like I ever saw study or like a little poll that like 50% of the people want to continue working from home after this is over because they realized that, could, you know, they don't have to commute, they don't have to get already and they were productive at home. Some people, I mean a lot of, a lot of the jobs could be done at home, you know lot of it is just wasted time sometimes at the office, but it really depends on the data of course.
yeah, I'm trying to I want to work remotely as well, like in Zambia, I wasn't able, I didn't have internet connection so I wasn't able to try to work on little side projects. But I was traveling a lot before like I was living abroad for five years before Zambia and like when I was traveling I met a lot of people who are working remotely and just moving all around the world just working from the computers. So that's my goal
that
yeah. Yeah. Well see I just don't like to be tied down to one place.
Um South Korea Vietnam, probably some of the Malawi is pretty nice. It's hard to say Japan, Japan is really nice to visit but not the best place to live as far as like work and stress but it's one of my favorite places to visit. Very beautiful.
Yeah. Do you like to travel?
I mean you know.
And sometimes it's it's we're pretty lucky to have the U. S. Passport and the U. S. Dollar is pretty
strong compared to a lot of other places. So you can live for very cheap by traveling full time cheaper than you would in America.
Mhm. Yeah when I was in Australia I was there for a whole year and I was able to stay the whole year without paying for like accommodation at all the entire year just by doing house sitting, work exchanges camping camping in so many ways you can like hack the system and but you're having interesting experiences without like spending too much money.
You
know?
Who?
Yeah it's so cool. I love that stuff.
I left here I first went abroad in 2010 and then I came back and I worked for two years I was living in Florida and then I went to live in Korea for three years in 2012. So I've been away until the whole time until last month. Yeah.
Yes. So weird. Yeah
because I can't even wrap my head around it.
wow. Yeah here is very expensive over there.
Yeah that's weird
having to say goodbye to your friends and it's gonna can't really do that a proper goodbye you know?
Yeah so much on the zoom. Well when are you leaving?
Mhm. And do you live with any roommates now or
we'll be in
France? Okay that's right,
I'm staying with my parents now
so
yeah it's nice to catch up with them you know I haven't seen them in a while so it's nice to spend time with them and I'm able to go out and do things for them um because I'm worried about them going out you know I do that for them but I only go out once every two weeks and I'm very cautious about
it.
Yeah and I was lucky that when I first came back the Peace Corps was able to cover my accommodation for two weeks for self quarantine
or else like I would not come back here immediately just you know just in case flying overseas for like three days straight. Just. Yeah.
Pretty lucky though it's a the whole time.
Mhm. Yeah it's crazy like we only got our temperature taken in Zambia when leaving but then we were in Ethiopia and the airport was super crowded. There were there was no hand sanitizers, nobody was wearing masks, there's no information on anything.
And this was like March 21. Yeah and then there was no soap in the bathroom, they ran out of soap. Yeah
and then when we are blind to the U. S. And we arrived in D. C. Uh there was no health screening and no temperature taken or anything like it was so easy I just went right through I can't believe it, I was just so surprised I thought we were going to be in line for hours like before we were allowed in the country but it was like no I guess if you came from Italy or china and then it would be more but
still.
definitely
Yeah. Yeah. Oh my gosh the pull of all oh I'm so scared of what's going to happen mm and people are like getting fed up with sheltering in place it seems I mean I'm not like out there talking to people, I don't know anyone in this area. Like I don't really know, people are actually thinking, it's just what I see in the media, so I don't really know what like everyone I talked to all my friends are all taking it seriously. So I don't really know anybody personally who's like who wants to go back to work and I don't know what's going through their heads.
If
No.
Oh it's so frustrating. It's not that hard. Just just listen
for
one, it's for your own good. You know, people are, they're not trying to like we're in your life, this is like for your own good. Yeah.
Yeah, there you go. It's funny because in Zambia I cut my own hair for two years and I was thinking like, oh when I come back to America, the silence is going to be like what the hell to be moving the hair. But now, after all this should be like everyone is going to have all messed up here. So I Yeah,
yeah, nobody can because we all understand
if you're someone, I think you're like we get it
Yeah, it's gonna make you, but then at the end of the day you realize like what is really important, you know? I think that Yeah.
No,
no, no. Yeah, like in Georgia, that was like one of the first things to open up haircuts, massage parlors, tattoo parlors before best friends opened up, which is,
I don't understand that right now. But
Yeah, it's really difficult for the people who are providing those services to the people who are demanding that they want a haircut. They're not asking for the people who you know give the haircut. So do you want to go back to work? Do you want to get off unemployment and then, but I'm gonna put you at risk like yeah, very selfish
and
Yeah.
Let's
see.
Are you going to be nothing else to we're moving or are you going to play out?
that's fun now and now gas prices are like super low, so that's a little positive. Mhm.
Yeah.
It
uh yeah, so these are prolific tests you do you do anything else like this? Like how do you start doing this or?
Yeah, I just found out about it like a month ago because I was looking up little ways to earn little things on the side, so yeah, this is cool and I'm all about helping support social science research so.
Yeah. Nice to meet you.
You
too.
Yes, for sure. Maybe you'll be in Tanzania when I'm in Zambia.
Never know. Cool. Okay. I hope you have a good
day.
Anything.
Bye.