um people I
need to work currently
believe. Yeah, that's fueled by the front door
couple hours thinking worst case scenario I can set up my tent in the croquet field and work out of that. Well, if people are coming up and say equally now tell you the white fly up there because I've got to like CNN from work and everything and I'm just concerned that that's not gonna work. Oh,
I don't know. Okay. Say
use the old PPI or Okay, I okay, I gotta go. Um but I will talk to you later. All right, thanks. Call my
I see.
Can you hear me okay?
Sorry. My God, called me. It's the pack a lot. There we go. Yeah. How are you doing?
Thank you.
I am in Seattle Washington.
Oh, wow. What's it like over there right now,
No kidding. Where were you before?
How cool. How's that?
good now.
No kidding. That must be like a huge change.
Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely uh a whole different world out there.
Well in,
well it's so wild. My parents are not in the Seattle area and actually I'm going to be leaving here soon and I've been trying to emphasize for them like I'll have to quarantine for a couple weeks when I get home. My parents are older and it's just so wild that like because yeah, they are not in a high risk area like Seattle, it just feels like a totally different world where I'm trying to emphasize to them that they're like, oh well do you think that's necessary or like it's probably fine and
I'm like no you guys, this is really serious. I was like yeah, I I am gonna because I was like I have no I do. But yeah, so it's just really interesting talking to friends and other parts of the country and talking to people who are like, oh it doesn't seem that bad here and I'm like, it is real
bad here,
all
here.
Yeah. Yeah, it's Yeah, exactly, it is when it's yeah, and it's like I have friends who are in the Portland area who are saying like, oh it's so dumb that we have to wait in line selling for grocery isn't like we have to wear these masks, we have to do these things. And I was like, and yeah, my friends are saying like, oh there's hardly any cases, almost like there's hardly any cases because you guys are doing good with the distancing and the wearing the mask and doing all the things like you have to keep to.
It's so yeah, I'm a little nervous about moving during this um
well I I was actually supposed to leave the country um I was supposed to be traveling for nine months starting in june and because that is no
longer happening, I'm now like well I'm not staying here. Mhm.
Um we're gonna go Morocco, Tunisia, Egypt Tanzania, Namibia Botswana and then Argentina and chile. Oh wow.
It's
hopefully it was a travel fellowship for school, so now it's like well they suspended the program rightly so
um but yeah, well we'll see in the future, I'll be interested to see
yeah, when travel resumes and what that looks like and like I've been seeing a lot um Yeah yeah, not sure So much in the last few days because it was stressing me out, but I know a lot of countries we're talking about like not even issuing visas before 2021 and it's like well okay
why?
well, oh man is most of the country rural like?
goodness, healthy. I realized it was not big,
Yeah.
good for you. Yeah,
I think so, I think at least temporarily. Um I'm somewhat lucky um my bosses let me know my contract isn't going to be renewed but they let me work remotely um for a few weeks after I leave Seattle and so I'll at least like be able to go home and do that, which is nice but it's not a lot of places are hiring right now
just
since this and it's kind of funny because I had asked about working remotely and I was told that for my role it is impossible and I have been home for like 2.5 months now.
I mean there's certain
parts of my job I can't do certainly. Um but we only have two people in the office right now um and not full time and so I appreciate that they've taken it pretty seriously and my boss has been understanding that like and my co workers have been super great um and so I'm able to take on some of the stuff that they would have done remotely and then I can give them things that I would do find from the office and
it definitely depends on the job but I'm one of those people like I really like it and I've had other roles where I've worked remotely and I really enjoyed that. Um Especially yeah traffic here in Seattle and public transit and everything, I'm like oh my gosh I got like eight hours a week back like. Yeah.
Now kidding
myself. Amazing.
What's your favorite place that you've been?
casting
I do. I've mostly
travel across the U. S. Um I've done a few big road trips in the last couple of years and seen um most of the states looking down over the way. Um But I haven't done, I mean I've been to europe um and then I've been to muslim Beat, but I haven't really done a lot of like other international travel, so it's really excited about this trip, like I finally get to go. Um Yeah, I'm always curious what do people like to go and see and recommend and do, because I would also love the kind of job where I could just go and not have to worry about planning and organizing and really you do. Oh,
here,
that's true, that's a good point,
That's so cool. I look looking at Wolfing in Argentina. Um And yeah, there were so many interesting things because I've been joking, like
maybe
I'll go work on a winery and I was like under farms. They have, she
like all these like, like that sounds so fun.
How long have you been traveling?
I'm sure it's really different,
man.
Yeah, I left the northwest. Gosh, for not even three years. Um And yeah, I came back to a totally gentrified in Seattle and was like, oh, if I know, I think they want to stay at a little longer,
it's I think I think it's getting comparable to places on the east coast. Um it's not quite san Francisco, but I would say it's getting close to mosque then. Um But yeah, I mean it really, it has also changed so much. Um So I I mean I have a love hate relationship with it, like I'm happy to be leaving in a way because yeah, I I won't miss my commute at all. Um and it has gotten very, very expensive but there's still a lot of fun things here and there's places I think to, I get weirdly sentiment all about places and so I'm like if I'd known that was my last time eating there, it would have been different as opposed to like, oh, I don't know, some of my favorite spots are reopening and so yeah,
well seen
I know, I'm like, do I have like a zoom party? Like that feels really sad.
Um Maybe in june so I have some time. I just have not been super motivated to pack either and so like, oh, it's already, may I need to be more on top of this?
It is just
me.
What about you?
fun How's
that?
What's
smart?
I'm just
no.
Oh God. Yeah that's scary goodness.
All
my God
I'm
staying. Yeah it seems a lot of things here in the U. S. Have been horrifyingly lack. Um Like we do some work with insurance companies and like one of our carriers are saying that they'll cover anything that's COVID-19 related at 100%. But the problem is we don't have enough tests and so we have people who are going to the hospital they're being told they probably have Covid and that they need to be home for two weeks but then they're being told like oh well we don't have any tests. And so they get a flu swab when the flu swab will come back negative and then they send people home and then insurance won't cover any of it because they're saying you can't prove that it was covid 19 because there was no positive Covid 19 tests. And the reason that there is no test was because the hospital doesn't have them available. And so it's been this really frustrating thing of being like, we know that there's so many unreported cases and
having to jump through all these hoops and be like, we know this happening. Like just cover it. Yeah.
I think it's real wild because I have friends in Oregon who are still meeting up with people and doing things as long as there's six ft apart. And I was like, oh my gosh, the idea of that gives me so much anxiety. But I also know, yeah, I I've had to really
cut back my social media intake because like we have a lot of beaches and parts that are like cordoned off with police tape right now and people will post pictures or videos of them hopping over it or climbing under things
and like going to the beach anyway, and I'm just like, I cannot.
I
know.
Yeah. Like I'm due for a haircut and I was thinking of texting my stylist and being like, maybe just walk me through, like how to thin it out because I was like, I don't really care what it looks like. I'm like, I just want to be able to comb it and then we can fix it, whatever. That's fine.
don't know why people are so concerned with how they're going to look. I mean we've all been home for months. Like,
I'm
like, I was going to go get my eyebrows done like two days after the stay at home order went into place, and then I was like, well I'm here now, so okay.
yeah, well I'm, yeah, even if things reopen tomorrow, I'm like, I'm not rushing anywhere where somebody would touch my face, like, no
way,
Remember,
I can't, I can't imagine. Yeah.
Yeah. 1 2. Yeah. You know, so many stylists and like tattoos and all these people are self insured to, and so like,
it's such a risk for them, like, uh
we're but yeah,
well,
we'll see what happens. I
yeah, I'll be driving, and so I'm trying to strategize, but I thankfully have a pretty fuel efficient car, it's just not very big. And so I'm like, how do I make the least number of trips, It's gonna be a little like, Tetris, I think.
I couldn't believe it. I went when I go grocery shopping and try to go in the morning. Um And yeah I was like wait what happened where have I been? Why is it so cheap now? Um
Yeah it's uh
it feels a little little stranger every day.
Um I've been doing it um Mostly just as a way to make money. There's not I haven't found any other sites that are like this or it's like um I think it's frequent or anything and so I've had a good experience with it. Yeah.
definitely. Yeah it's it's been so great to chat with you.
Uh Yeah you take care stay safe
and
I hope that yeah we get to some some some normalcy. Um and you can continue with the Peace Corps. That's so cool.
That would be great.
Thanks
you
too.