SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. So yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm Okay. Mhm. No. Yeah. Uh Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, wow. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Can you see them? Well there you are. Bye. Yeah. Can you see me? Can
SPEAKER_L: Mine.
SPEAKER_R: you hear me? High?
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I just not read and I've never seen just a red screen for alrighty.
SPEAKER_L: I was like eating my breakfast and I just didn't want them to record me eating my breakfast
SPEAKER_R: but there you go. There you go. What's your name?
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: Here? I'm Jody.
SPEAKER_L: Nice to meet you
SPEAKER_R: You too. Where are you living? What?
SPEAKER_L: in north Carolina.
SPEAKER_R: North Carolina? So you have nice warm weather, right or no?
SPEAKER_L: It's warmer than usual, um like 60s in November, which is just shocking. Where are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in michigan. I'm probably, Oh, maybe 20 miles from grand rapids. So not a big city, but in Holland there.
SPEAKER_L: Got it.
SPEAKER_R: it's been with me. Crazy Wendy. I mean 60 mile an hour winds in the last couple days. Yeah. You
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: can feel your cargo, Okay. You know, kind of
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: thing.
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: It's windy and cold?
SPEAKER_R: It's, you know, it's been weird. Like it will one day it'll be 70 75. It's a number before thanksgiving. And then now today, this morning. 35. Well, it's just crazy.
SPEAKER_L: It is,
SPEAKER_R: It's the farmer's almanac. Cool. Right. This year or no, you know.
SPEAKER_L: You look at it, but I would be curious to see what it has to say.
SPEAKER_R: I know, I know. So how many of these um oh chats have you done?
SPEAKER_L: I think this is my third one. I've been not so great lately, Like I signed up for one months ago and I did that one. Um and then they started it again and I was good about one, but then I signed up for two and I just kept forgetting so this is my yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know because sometimes there, so like when they do them right away, it's on your mind. But when it set them up bird, You know, five days later, if you forget to look at your calendar, you're like, oh, crowd. Um you know?
SPEAKER_L: but luckily they don't like penalize you or anything to my knowledge for it so I'm like okay I'll try again and just work out, how many times have you done it?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I was really nervous the first time because I thought, I don't know, I'm not sure about this. But no, it's OK. I had a pretty cool kid. The 2nd 1 was real. I got see I got stood up twice and one of
SPEAKER_L: Maybe
SPEAKER_R: them
SPEAKER_L: that was me, I'm sorry
SPEAKER_R: I and one of them, it was like, okay, why isn't it working? I couldn't get it to work. And I'm fiddling around, fiddling around and I'm thinking, oh no. And finally it just clicked on and the kid go, he was so funny. He's like, I thought you were going to leave me at the altar. I've been left there twice lately and I'm like waiting because he waited about probably seven minutes while I think around trying to get it, you know? So, but I'm enjoying it now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's I mean it's I think with the research it's always like what are they looking for but it's still fun to just talk to random people and see
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: what happen.
SPEAKER_R: is because you learn things you see how much you really click with people
SPEAKER_L: bringing
SPEAKER_R: and I
SPEAKER_L: them
SPEAKER_R: haven't found anyone that I don't click with yet. I mean we just mm you know, it flows the stations and you know, it can be any, we've talked about anything and everything. It's like, you know, I know yesterday a girl said she had the weirdest just like situation because the lady wasn't into it, she was definitely in for the money. So she just sat there and looked at her just that wouldn't and wouldn't talk. And then she like, I don't know, click it somehow and then she'd walk away and finally she just halfway through just shut it off. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: that is weird,
SPEAKER_R: well being now and it's like well father I'll push uncomfortable.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: also feel like I wonder if they would pay her for that because she didn't really participate.
SPEAKER_R: I know I told, I asked the girl did you report that? She says, well you know when I was answering I kind of reported possible, you know, technical difficulties. But then I email them because it wasn't, you know, at first it was like it could have been but then she knew because she just knew. So I said, yeah, I hope they don't she really shouldn't get paid for being rude like that and just acting like you're taking my time off, you know, let's talk to people, don't talk to them, you know
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I have four I think that's cool about this is just yeah we do get to interact with people across the country. I don't think it's international so I'm gonna say across the country um in a time where people are interacting less and so just being able to like find commonalities even through a screen it's just really refreshing honestly.
SPEAKER_R: it is. And you know the way I grew up, we didn't have computers yet and we didn't have all this and I'm thinking wow my the first husband was from India. So for him, I mean he didn't see his family nothing and you saved enough money to fly there where I never made it. You know
SPEAKER_L: been here.
SPEAKER_R: he wrote a couple of times but um if it would have been now what they have it would have been so much different.
SPEAKER_L: I agree I did a piece for and I was expecting like a completely off the grid. Never talked to anyone ever again for two years at least and it was so easy for everyone to contact me which was nice. I've probably more so for them than myself but I like wanted that very authentic experience with like just living there and not contacting outside. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's why you did it. But you know it is especially I can't imagine like being in the same being in peace course, no communication and it's the holidays
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's true.
SPEAKER_R: that for me would be hired. It's not like I have this big extended family. I only have my two kids and the grandkids but oh my gosh not to see them would be horrible for me. You know and sometimes we don't even see each other on christmas because there were there the grandkids are with their mother and different things and you know but you see them where that would be the only hard part otherwise I could deal with it totally.
SPEAKER_L: what are you thinking about doing for the holiday this year?
SPEAKER_R: Whole that's the big question isn't it? I just talked to my son about that yesterday. My daughter, she lives with me yet she's older but she has a lot of medical issues will always be with me. But um we talked about it and he's like well first it's all up and he's just newly divorced. He says it's all up in the year with her because she doesn't know what she's gonna do because her parents live in florida and her mom is the type that at the last minute would just say I'm going to send your plane tickets so
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: everybody
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: is up in the air with that. But I asked him for thanksgiving, what do you really want to do? I ain't cooking My, your our old enough and we always had the oldest one is 16 and he likes to cook. He always has, but cooks for his job so it's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: moral,
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: I don't know about this and I said I'm not cooking no turkey or nothing if anything will buy a chicken or whatever and we'll do our dinner around it. He says how about we just do tacos this year for things. That sounds kind of good. Let's make it. Um, what a new tradition tacos for the holiday you know for thanksgiving anyway, but I still want them mashed potatoes and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: fair enough.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah but that can be a before after. I mean
SPEAKER_L: Urban
SPEAKER_R: it doesn't be with the dinner when you're, you know, could you get so full anyway. So if we do tacos we'll do the real one. So you know with the
SPEAKER_L: And yeah
SPEAKER_R: brian I'm in Greece and all that will do the real ones. Normally you cheat. How about you for thanksgiving.
SPEAKER_L: Um So we just moved to, we just bought a house my partner, I just bought
SPEAKER_R: Congratulations.
SPEAKER_L: a house. Thank you thank you. It has been one heck of a ride
SPEAKER_R: Oh warp. All here.
SPEAKER_L: but we are we're slowly settling in and um my immediate family lives in the area so we'll probably do something here because it's a little bit bigger. Um And we see each other so we don't have any like we already interact quite often so we don't have any like big covid concerns. Um My dad stays in Jordan for a while, we wanted him to come here to but he's he's pretty concerned with the numbers going up traveling and all that stuff so he probably won't come so we'll do something pretty small. I'm not huge on thanksgiving meal, it's like I'm probably fine with not having all this stuff. My wife is a vegetarian, so she just bought like, I don't know, like fake turkey meat before.
SPEAKER_R: Portland
SPEAKER_L: She's
SPEAKER_R: help
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: them. Have you tasted that?
SPEAKER_L: I am not and I don't know if I will, but she's very excited about it. So she wants like that in potatoes. I don't know, I guess everyone wants potatoes this year, so we'll do something small but simple. I think we were really into games, so we'll probably get my immediate family to play a lot of games that day.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That is bun so fun when you, at first, you know, sometimes with the kids are going to the older ones, I was like, you know what you're going to play and then dark really liking it. You know, I love play games and we ever done that in a long time. That is a good idea. Craft.
SPEAKER_L: it's nice actually with kids now because they're always on their phone, so it's just like put them down, we're gonna play with each other for a bit.
SPEAKER_R: grab kids. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I do not, I have, I have siblings who are like my kids, I have a 17 year old sibling in a 12 year old who lives with us part time because she had some special needs that my mom needs some assistance with.
SPEAKER_R: All right,
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, but my 17 year brother is like, I'm probably the closest with him, but he's very much like in that phone. So I'm like no phones at the kitchen table and let's play games every time he comes back. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's good because I think these kids need it. I really do because a lot of them it's not that they're becoming anti social, but there are more, they're just not with people. So the actual people skills are uh you know, it's like a learned behavior now because they are on bones and you know like this all the time and it is now. How old are you? You're
SPEAKER_L: I'm 30. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: okay. So you started in on the computer thing when
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So when I was in middle school, we had like the basic, like learn how to type. Um And then when I got to high school, that's when cell phones started to become a thing. And I didn't have like my own personal cell phone until I graduated high school. And then I had to have my first computer when we went to college when I went to college.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. See that's how my kids were my my daughters your age. But my son was five years older. So
SPEAKER_L: Bring.
SPEAKER_R: he was you know, had, the first thing was mom can I get a beeper? I'm like a beeper beep. You know that kind of thing. And he
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: kind of you know, and it's like I grew up with nothing In the 70s. I was a factory worker. So I never learned to type. Which now I regret totally. But like coming you know,
SPEAKER_L: No one,
SPEAKER_R: you know like by Detroit and Chicago and all that factory city. You know? And so with growing up with none of it even cell phone sometimes I look back and I think I want the old days back now. They can hold you any time they want, you don't excuse except from and I dropped it or when you do break it. Oh my god, I don't have like oh well, you
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: then another hundreds, $2,000 on this little device. It's it's insane. I was just Mhm. I said, go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: Well, and then they don't have um like if you do have phone problems, they don't have um phone booths or anything anymore, you know, welcome. And it's like, I don't know, you know, I'm kind of like, I don't know how to like on the fence with both. I mean I love this technology and everything, but I look back and you know, growing up it was like, you know, my girlfriend and I'd say, but you're not home, you just don't get the gold because with no way to get a hold of you, you know, and that kind of thing. So it's just so different now and I think the kids miss that part of things unless they got grandma and grandpa that lives out on a farm or something,
SPEAKER_L: in here.
SPEAKER_R: even rare nowadays. But it's, it's all good. It'll all work out but harder.
SPEAKER_L: we just have to be aware I think. And yeah, I think the technology makes us move fast almost a little too fast for my liking. I think technology has made everything become instant to a point where we as a society, but especially the younger generations don't know how to wait. They don't know how to be patient. And I that is concerning to me. I think just in general, like we don't, as you were saying like we, you never expected this, you never expected us to use computers. And I think at this point, I don't know what's coming next year because it's moving so quickly and so I'm just like, oh, I just, sometimes when we get out, just take a break, just a little one and just like refresh my lack of
SPEAKER_R: Oh, do I agree? Because it's a, you know, like it is, it's fast. It's never slow. And then I didn't find myself sometimes I'll get behind grandpa joan, you know, and it's like get out of my highway or wherever trying
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: to get around him no matter what you do, they do. And it's like, but you know what? He just laid back and he's like, it's like I want that again, you know? So I, I don't know, it's just a new world that we're going to do. I agree with but live. But yeah it's just going so fast that it's scary.
SPEAKER_L: I was talking to my in laws because they visited a couple of weeks ago to help us move in. Um and they're about early seventies, late sixties and we were just talking about the changes in technology and time and I did ask them, I was like, what do you think it's like one positive thing and one good thing that has come out of all of this. So what would you say is one positive thing that has come out of all of this technology advancement?
SPEAKER_R: Um Just the fact that you can see people in another part of the world or another part of the country and stay in contact with them because of the way that you know for jobs you gotta move. I mean people have to move nowadays. You can't just say oh I'm going to grow up and I'm gonna stay in my town and I'll get a job here and I'll make a good living and everything's fine. It doesn't work that way anymore. So at
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: least keep in touch and see him face to face even though you can't touch I guess. I don't know. That's what I see. What do you like about it?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think that's a good one. I agree with that one. Especially like I've lived in a couple of countries, so it's been nice to be able to, you know, reach back and contact people when I need to. Um Mhm. I will say that they said medicine, medical advancements have been really nice. Um and a very positive thing that came with technology just being able to diagnose or treat in ways that we weren't able to treat 60 70 years ago. And I also agree with that.
SPEAKER_R: Cool. I do too.
SPEAKER_L: Um I don't know. I've
SPEAKER_R: I know the whole
SPEAKER_L: thanks. It's tricky. I think it's just like a I can see, I can see some positives but at the same time I'm like, but I don't like that part, but I don't like that part. I mean I think that I think that the access to information is great. I think that we are able to inform ourselves in ways that we couldn't before, which is really nice. Um and we don't have to be dependent on like, like just a couple of avenues were able to make our own um conclusions about things. But I think on the other side of that is just there's so much misinformation out there that we like, it's, it's a mess. It creates these, these bubbles and pockets of people who like only suck in that misinformation or some actual information, but like it leads to more closed minds and open mind, so Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What the fake news that one gets me that gives me a bit more than anything, you know? And I am a researcher at heart. I mean since I was a kid, I just loved to go to the library and I would just sit there and read and studying, you know? And so you're right on that aspect. This is great because you can find anything and find it quick. But if you aren't into two, what's right and wrong and that little feeling you get that little uh you're right. It's bad. So and
SPEAKER_L: I think honestly, I think that that should be part of our new age curriculum. Like I think that kids should be taught how to quote unquote, do their own research and actually confirmed some of the things that they see, but we're not quite there yet in
SPEAKER_R: I want
SPEAKER_L: our schools.
SPEAKER_R: to lie at all. It's all computers. And I remember when my kids were growing up, I I thought the idea I didn't get one over to where I had to literally take my kids to the library every single day. And that's when I finally said all right, we'll get one. Yeah. Find a new one because technology is starting to go too fast and I'm not going to waste some money. You know, I can remember it and it's like, I don't know. I still kind of fight it, but yet I love having it, you know, but it's scary all at the same time right? With the close minded people are getting close minded. It's like, they're like, some people are like zombies. They're like go with the flow and this is what it is. They have no opinions. No, Whatever you say is good. You know, it's not. We all have our own opinions. We all have our own thoughts and ideas. What do you mean? Whatever I think is good. No, wow. Football was me. You know, I'm more of a hey, we can agree to disagree. That doesn't matter. That's how I made you can't just agree or if you can't just disagree with everything people happy. You can't do that right? It's not normal
SPEAKER_L: And you have to have the thinking ability to at least try to understand the other side and you don't have to agree with it, but like be able to hold conversations about it like.
SPEAKER_R: nor less definitely. I know my best friend's husband, we never did get along but we all get along and you know our my famous words or john we are just going to have to agree to disagree because that's why we both love your life. You know what I mean? And then there were four fine, you know? But you've got to have that. You don't, you're are you even alive anymore? You know what I mean? But anyway, what are you going to do at christmas?
SPEAKER_L: mm that's a good question usually
SPEAKER_R: May not?
SPEAKER_L: um my wife's family is from Minnesota and they do like a, she has, she has five sisters and then three of them have Children, so it's a pretty big family and they usually do like all day family, fun christmas activity.
SPEAKER_R: or Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: but we probably won't do it this year. One of her sisters um lives in Mexico lives and works in Mexico and so she's unable to come because of all of the travel restrictions and then just her general concerns about everything that's going on. Um So their their parents are a little sad about that and so they're trying to figure out like if they even want to do it, but also it will just be a lot of people in one house and so there's just a lot of health concerns so it's hard to say my family is here, so again we'll do something small but my family is just not, they don't have strong, we don't have strong traditions. So it was
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: just like a hangout similar to thanksgiving um and so we may be drive to Minnesota and just see my in laws and spend a week there or something. Hard to say.
SPEAKER_R: You just see how it plays out. No, they're starting to shut us down again. You
SPEAKER_L: I've noticed. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's like, you know what though? To be honest, I wish they'd just shut everything down for two weeks. They should have done it to begin with. Just let people lined, let them cry, Let them complain. They'll get over it. Like everything else you'll get over it. Well, almost it'll be, you know, contained at that
SPEAKER_L: Seriously?
SPEAKER_R: point and go from there. Because if we're going, there's always people that are, well, they're not going to tell me where names like
SPEAKER_L: or or they don't see it as a big deal like a lot of people, especially after a couple of months ago or a month ago, everyone's like like if our if the leader of the state can get it and bounce back like we'll be fine just like that's not how it works. He has like the best medical access in the country like it's
SPEAKER_R: texture.
SPEAKER_L: just a little different for us. But I don't know I I agree like I've been watching I was watching all of it since the beginning honestly because I was working um international, I was working in cambodia and I was supposed to go and go to cambodia in March but I was you know this group. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: you got home before at all.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well I had lived there for two years and then I just came back in january um and then I was just watching everything and I was like there's there's some interesting stuff happening in china but no one was concerned here and I was like ok okay it is what it is and then it got a little bit closer to March and they were about to like book my flight. Um And that's when we had like one of the first cases come this way and the organization that I was working for was starting to freak out a little bit because the organization like we fly all over the world should do international development work. Um and so they were starting to restrict it a little bit, but I was like if we just shut things down here just for a little bit like really shut it down, we'll be fine. I mean china did it. They were a little extreme and how they did it, but it worked for them. Um But I was like if we wait too long because of how independent we are and how much we care about our rights and our liberty is like it's not going to be great and I mean we we we did it and then we took it back then we did it, it was just a mess and then elections, of course everyone's trying to get reelected, so they're like, ok, go out being free and now everyone's trying to reel it back then, and I'm just like uh
SPEAKER_R: And donald,
SPEAKER_L: such
SPEAKER_R: I know it was and you know, like the um, I worked front lines through the beginning, through all of it and we work, I work in a, I'm disabled. That's another whole long story how that happened. Somebody texting while they were driving. But so I just work part time and we make the food, the sandwiches for restaurants and um like gas stations when you go in and pick up a sandwich at the gas station, the prepackaged, all that stuff. So we are, we're in a cold room which breeds covid, they say the cold, but we're like elbow, elbow. I mean, I'm reaching over in your face type of work and we didn't wear masks for until they mandated it, you know, and not one person through that whole thing in there got sick. So it's like, and we, somebody should have some, I mean, because we in your face all over the place touch and for, you know, especially me, I'm short, so everybody just kind of reaches over me, but and it's like, how does it, how does this thing work?
SPEAKER_L: How does it work? Good question.
SPEAKER_R: I have talked to people that I like, you know, we're doing our chats and well, we're in our own house doing our own thing and my brother got it. We don't wear masks, whatever. Nobody else got it. We clean and stuff like normal. But I mean and then you talk to other people like I haven't even hardly left the house went around, you know, and it's like is it just hire immunities? You know? It's just weird how
SPEAKER_L: it is very weird and I think they're just I think my I was similar to the people who stayed inside for a very long time and I've been slowly going out and kind of loosening up my restrictions, but I still approach it with caution because as you're saying, we just don't know a lot about it and
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I think long term effects, we don't know a lot about it. And I've been seeing research here and there about what some of the things that is doing to kids and I'm like, I like it's making me feel weird.
SPEAKER_R: if it do with kids. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Um So new york state had produced some stuff that was related to Uh huh. What's the teeth? I've seen something with teeth, kids, teeth are falling out. Yeah, but maybe maybe that was a new york state. There are a couple of things in new york state because they were having a week, I mean, they had bigger numbers than anyone in the beginning, and so they have more data. Sorry?
SPEAKER_R: exactly, caught it and then this was happening. Earth happening. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: That caught it, like they were seeing they were seeing similar uh patterns and and some of the kids that caught it, but they weren't fully aware of it yet. But then I've also uh my wife was telling me about some women who had signs of it, but they weren't fully diagnosed with it, but they're having some like long term, like they formed a group and started to do their own research around it because they're like, no one will fully pay attention to us because we never had it, like we do as a positive for it, but we're all having similar symptoms, so again, there's just a lot that we don't know.
SPEAKER_R: What could that be carriers? Maybe? Because the reason with you saying teeth, it's like my daughter has very low immunity and stuff because she's got, you know, a lot of medical issues and within the last six months. And I mean I don't care how broke we were growing up. I took care of my kids teeth because to me that's like it was like it tires on your car. You've got to have your teeth, right? Yeah. And All of a sudden within this last six months I kid you not, she's 33 she needs, I think it's like eight caps or crowns. It's what what
SPEAKER_L: Interest,
SPEAKER_R: you go anywhere. But he'll go out when she has to the doctor's appointment. Let her go shopping or anything. As your immunities are law. She's been tested several times for um, procedures that she needs done. Like do this week for a to it. They got to check her pituitary tumor again. And so she'll be tested again. She's never tested positive but them teeth and she's always tired like so ungodly tired eggs and pains here and there. I mean this hyperactivity go, go, go. You know. And yeah, the teeth and I kept questioning how can her teeth do that in six months? Nothing's changed. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't think it has been confirmed yet, but it is definitely something to look into.
SPEAKER_R: Yes it is. Then we think I will definitely, even though it was not a child, it's just like I asked the dentist too and he's like Yeah you know I mean dry mouth, dry mouth is gonna most you have to have dentures will pay over $10,000
SPEAKER_L: Peace.
SPEAKER_R: to fix
SPEAKER_L: let's see. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and who has that kind of money laying around wow. I'm glad we got on this conversation.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, it's again, it's one of those things that's going to be years before we really know and we're going to look back and be like, oh those things made sense, But right now, I'm just like, I'm just approaching things with caution, you know, maybe a little too cautious, but at this point I don't know if you can be
SPEAKER_R: You can't be overcautious, you can't like me too. I go out but I am careful you know and I got washed my hands more than I ever have. Oh black yesterday I bought a great big because I thought last time when this when this all started. Yeah there's a lot we couldn't find but the main things were sanity hand sanitizer which we made our own and that just was so drying of your hand and over and it's like I kind of left the toilet paper go. I ended up finding one about three months in. I found one at Gordon Foods was like $65. But it was like a one that you know that companies by and it it lasted us for the rest of the period. We just ran out. But I'm thinking I might better have to do that again because if they're locking us up again, people nuts again, everybody would just be normal. We wouldn't run out of things.
SPEAKER_L: I don't think we know how to do that.
SPEAKER_R: So it's like, and now you've got more rooms, you'll be able to in your house. We went from a condo to renting for a while and here we are now with Covid. So it's like well that didn't work out so good. But you know what it is, what it is right now rented since I was 18, you know, so it's new for me and I don't like it. Uh huh. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh God, I am so glad we got to talk.
SPEAKER_L: This is the name,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah this was really nice and very enlightening. I don't know what time we think we got started probably right away. Didn't we? Pretty close within a minute or two? Which is rare because usually people are like like where are, where are they are? But anyway you think our time is getting close?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Let me check. Oh yeah, I think we
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you made it.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, well I'm glad I got to meet you know, probably not in person but who knows someday we might just bump into each other
SPEAKER_L: You never know.
SPEAKER_R: more point way sometimes and like go to Minnesota because we end up Mayo Clinic quite often so you be blessed.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks you as well.
SPEAKER_R: Yes and you have a nice day.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you too.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks, bye bye.