Yeah. Mhm. So yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm Okay. Mhm. No. Yeah. Uh Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, wow. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Mine.
I can hear you. Yeah. Yeah.
I was like eating my breakfast and I just didn't want them to record me eating my breakfast
here.
Nice to meet you
in north Carolina.
It's warmer than usual, um like 60s in November, which is just shocking. Where are you?
Got it.
Okay.
Is
it?
It's windy and cold?
It is,
You look at it, but I would be curious to see what it has to say.
I think this is my third one. I've been not so great lately, Like I signed up for one months ago and I did that one. Um and then they started it again and I was good about one, but then I signed up for two and I just kept forgetting so this is my yeah.
but luckily they don't like penalize you or anything to my knowledge for it so I'm like okay I'll try again and just work out, how many times have you done it?
Maybe
that was me, I'm sorry
it's I mean it's I think with the research it's always like what are they looking for but it's still fun to just talk to random people and see
what happen.
bringing
them
that is weird,
I
also feel like I wonder if they would pay her for that because she didn't really participate.
Yeah I have four I think that's cool about this is just yeah we do get to interact with people across the country. I don't think it's international so I'm gonna say across the country um in a time where people are interacting less and so just being able to like find commonalities even through a screen it's just really refreshing honestly.
been here.
I agree I did a piece for and I was expecting like a completely off the grid. Never talked to anyone ever again for two years at least and it was so easy for everyone to contact me which was nice. I've probably more so for them than myself but I like wanted that very authentic experience with like just living there and not contacting outside. Yeah.
Yeah that's true.
what are you thinking about doing for the holiday this year?
do
that.
you
can
fair enough.
Urban
And yeah
Um So we just moved to, we just bought a house my partner, I just bought
a house. Thank you thank you. It has been one heck of a ride
but we are we're slowly settling in and um my immediate family lives in the area so we'll probably do something here because it's a little bit bigger. Um And we see each other so we don't have any like we already interact quite often so we don't have any like big covid concerns. Um My dad stays in Jordan for a while, we wanted him to come here to but he's he's pretty concerned with the numbers going up traveling and all that stuff so he probably won't come so we'll do something pretty small. I'm not huge on thanksgiving meal, it's like I'm probably fine with not having all this stuff. My wife is a vegetarian, so she just bought like, I don't know, like fake turkey meat before.
She's
very
I am not and I don't know if I will, but she's very excited about it. So she wants like that in potatoes. I don't know, I guess everyone wants potatoes this year, so we'll do something small but simple. I think we were really into games, so we'll probably get my immediate family to play a lot of games that day.
it's nice actually with kids now because they're always on their phone, so it's just like put them down, we're gonna play with each other for a bit.
I do not, I have, I have siblings who are like my kids, I have a 17 year old sibling in a 12 year old who lives with us part time because she had some special needs that my mom needs some assistance with.
So yeah, but my 17 year brother is like, I'm probably the closest with him, but he's very much like in that phone. So I'm like no phones at the kitchen table and let's play games every time he comes back. So. Yeah.
I'm 30. Yeah.
Yeah. So when I was in middle school, we had like the basic, like learn how to type. Um And then when I got to high school, that's when cell phones started to become a thing. And I didn't have like my own personal cell phone until I graduated high school. And then I had to have my first computer when we went to college when I went to college.
Bring.
Thank
you.
No one,
And
then another hundreds, $2,000 on this little device. It's it's insane. I was just Mhm. I said, go ahead.
in here.
we just have to be aware I think. And yeah, I think the technology makes us move fast almost a little too fast for my liking. I think technology has made everything become instant to a point where we as a society, but especially the younger generations don't know how to wait. They don't know how to be patient. And I that is concerning to me. I think just in general, like we don't, as you were saying like we, you never expected this, you never expected us to use computers. And I think at this point, I don't know what's coming next year because it's moving so quickly and so I'm just like, oh, I just, sometimes when we get out, just take a break, just a little one and just like refresh my lack of
No.
I was talking to my in laws because they visited a couple of weeks ago to help us move in. Um and they're about early seventies, late sixties and we were just talking about the changes in technology and time and I did ask them, I was like, what do you think it's like one positive thing and one good thing that has come out of all of this. So what would you say is one positive thing that has come out of all of this technology advancement?
And
Yeah, I think that's a good one. I agree with that one. Especially like I've lived in a couple of countries, so it's been nice to be able to, you know, reach back and contact people when I need to. Um Mhm. I will say that they said medicine, medical advancements have been really nice. Um and a very positive thing that came with technology just being able to diagnose or treat in ways that we weren't able to treat 60 70 years ago. And I also agree with that.
Um I don't know. I've
thanks. It's tricky. I think it's just like a I can see, I can see some positives but at the same time I'm like, but I don't like that part, but I don't like that part. I mean I think that I think that the access to information is great. I think that we are able to inform ourselves in ways that we couldn't before, which is really nice. Um and we don't have to be dependent on like, like just a couple of avenues were able to make our own um conclusions about things. But I think on the other side of that is just there's so much misinformation out there that we like, it's, it's a mess. It creates these, these bubbles and pockets of people who like only suck in that misinformation or some actual information, but like it leads to more closed minds and open mind, so Oh yeah.
I think honestly, I think that that should be part of our new age curriculum. Like I think that kids should be taught how to quote unquote, do their own research and actually confirmed some of the things that they see, but we're not quite there yet in
our schools.
And you have to have the thinking ability to at least try to understand the other side and you don't have to agree with it, but like be able to hold conversations about it like.
mm that's a good question usually
um my wife's family is from Minnesota and they do like a, she has, she has five sisters and then three of them have Children, so it's a pretty big family and they usually do like all day family, fun christmas activity.
but we probably won't do it this year. One of her sisters um lives in Mexico lives and works in Mexico and so she's unable to come because of all of the travel restrictions and then just her general concerns about everything that's going on. Um So their their parents are a little sad about that and so they're trying to figure out like if they even want to do it, but also it will just be a lot of people in one house and so there's just a lot of health concerns so it's hard to say my family is here, so again we'll do something small but my family is just not, they don't have strong, we don't have strong traditions. So it was
just like a hangout similar to thanksgiving um and so we may be drive to Minnesota and just see my in laws and spend a week there or something. Hard to say.
I've noticed. Yeah. Yeah.
Seriously?
or or they don't see it as a big deal like a lot of people, especially after a couple of months ago or a month ago, everyone's like like if our if the leader of the state can get it and bounce back like we'll be fine just like that's not how it works. He has like the best medical access in the country like it's
just a little different for us. But I don't know I I agree like I've been watching I was watching all of it since the beginning honestly because I was working um international, I was working in cambodia and I was supposed to go and go to cambodia in March but I was you know this group. Uh huh.
Yeah. Well I had lived there for two years and then I just came back in january um and then I was just watching everything and I was like there's there's some interesting stuff happening in china but no one was concerned here and I was like ok okay it is what it is and then it got a little bit closer to March and they were about to like book my flight. Um And that's when we had like one of the first cases come this way and the organization that I was working for was starting to freak out a little bit because the organization like we fly all over the world should do international development work. Um and so they were starting to restrict it a little bit, but I was like if we just shut things down here just for a little bit like really shut it down, we'll be fine. I mean china did it. They were a little extreme and how they did it, but it worked for them. Um But I was like if we wait too long because of how independent we are and how much we care about our rights and our liberty is like it's not going to be great and I mean we we we did it and then we took it back then we did it, it was just a mess and then elections, of course everyone's trying to get reelected, so they're like, ok, go out being free and now everyone's trying to reel it back then, and I'm just like uh
such
How does it work? Good question.
it is very weird and I think they're just I think my I was similar to the people who stayed inside for a very long time and I've been slowly going out and kind of loosening up my restrictions, but I still approach it with caution because as you're saying, we just don't know a lot about it and
I think long term effects, we don't know a lot about it. And I've been seeing research here and there about what some of the things that is doing to kids and I'm like, I like it's making me feel weird.
Mhm. Um So new york state had produced some stuff that was related to Uh huh. What's the teeth? I've seen something with teeth, kids, teeth are falling out. Yeah, but maybe maybe that was a new york state. There are a couple of things in new york state because they were having a week, I mean, they had bigger numbers than anyone in the beginning, and so they have more data. Sorry?
That caught it, like they were seeing they were seeing similar uh patterns and and some of the kids that caught it, but they weren't fully aware of it yet. But then I've also uh my wife was telling me about some women who had signs of it, but they weren't fully diagnosed with it, but they're having some like long term, like they formed a group and started to do their own research around it because they're like, no one will fully pay attention to us because we never had it, like we do as a positive for it, but we're all having similar symptoms, so again, there's just a lot that we don't know.
Interest,
Yeah, I don't think it has been confirmed yet, but it is definitely something to look into.
Peace.
let's see. Yeah.
I mean, it's again, it's one of those things that's going to be years before we really know and we're going to look back and be like, oh those things made sense, But right now, I'm just like, I'm just approaching things with caution, you know, maybe a little too cautious, but at this point I don't know if you can be
I don't think we know how to do that.
Yeah.
This is the name,
Yeah. Let me check. Oh yeah, I think we
you made it.
You never know.
Thanks you as well.
Thank you too.