Okay.
Can you see them? Well there you are. Bye. Yeah. Can you see me? Can
you hear me? High?
I just not read and I've never seen just a red screen for alrighty.
but there you go. There you go. What's your name?
Here? I'm Jody.
You too. Where are you living? What?
North Carolina? So you have nice warm weather, right or no?
I'm in michigan. I'm probably, Oh, maybe 20 miles from grand rapids. So not a big city, but in Holland there.
it's been with me. Crazy Wendy. I mean 60 mile an hour winds in the last couple days. Yeah. You
can feel your cargo, Okay. You know, kind of
thing.
But
It's, you know, it's been weird. Like it will one day it'll be 70 75. It's a number before thanksgiving. And then now today, this morning. 35. Well, it's just crazy.
It's the farmer's almanac. Cool. Right. This year or no, you know.
I know, I know. So how many of these um oh chats have you done?
I don't know because sometimes there, so like when they do them right away, it's on your mind. But when it set them up bird, You know, five days later, if you forget to look at your calendar, you're like, oh, crowd. Um you know?
Yeah. I was really nervous the first time because I thought, I don't know, I'm not sure about this. But no, it's OK. I had a pretty cool kid. The 2nd 1 was real. I got see I got stood up twice and one of
them
I and one of them, it was like, okay, why isn't it working? I couldn't get it to work. And I'm fiddling around, fiddling around and I'm thinking, oh no. And finally it just clicked on and the kid go, he was so funny. He's like, I thought you were going to leave me at the altar. I've been left there twice lately and I'm like waiting because he waited about probably seven minutes while I think around trying to get it, you know? So, but I'm enjoying it now. Yeah.
It
is because you learn things you see how much you really click with people
and I
haven't found anyone that I don't click with yet. I mean we just mm you know, it flows the stations and you know, it can be any, we've talked about anything and everything. It's like, you know, I know yesterday a girl said she had the weirdest just like situation because the lady wasn't into it, she was definitely in for the money. So she just sat there and looked at her just that wouldn't and wouldn't talk. And then she like, I don't know, click it somehow and then she'd walk away and finally she just halfway through just shut it off. Okay,
well being now and it's like well father I'll push uncomfortable.
But
I know I told, I asked the girl did you report that? She says, well you know when I was answering I kind of reported possible, you know, technical difficulties. But then I email them because it wasn't, you know, at first it was like it could have been but then she knew because she just knew. So I said, yeah, I hope they don't she really shouldn't get paid for being rude like that and just acting like you're taking my time off, you know, let's talk to people, don't talk to them, you know
it is. And you know the way I grew up, we didn't have computers yet and we didn't have all this and I'm thinking wow my the first husband was from India. So for him, I mean he didn't see his family nothing and you saved enough money to fly there where I never made it. You know
he wrote a couple of times but um if it would have been now what they have it would have been so much different.
that's why you did it. But you know it is especially I can't imagine like being in the same being in peace course, no communication and it's the holidays
that for me would be hired. It's not like I have this big extended family. I only have my two kids and the grandkids but oh my gosh not to see them would be horrible for me. You know and sometimes we don't even see each other on christmas because there were there the grandkids are with their mother and different things and you know but you see them where that would be the only hard part otherwise I could deal with it totally.
Whole that's the big question isn't it? I just talked to my son about that yesterday. My daughter, she lives with me yet she's older but she has a lot of medical issues will always be with me. But um we talked about it and he's like well first it's all up and he's just newly divorced. He says it's all up in the year with her because she doesn't know what she's gonna do because her parents live in florida and her mom is the type that at the last minute would just say I'm going to send your plane tickets so
everybody
is up in the air with that. But I asked him for thanksgiving, what do you really want to do? I ain't cooking My, your our old enough and we always had the oldest one is 16 and he likes to cook. He always has, but cooks for his job so it's
moral,
I don't know about this and I said I'm not cooking no turkey or nothing if anything will buy a chicken or whatever and we'll do our dinner around it. He says how about we just do tacos this year for things. That sounds kind of good. Let's make it. Um, what a new tradition tacos for the holiday you know for thanksgiving anyway, but I still want them mashed potatoes and stuff.
Yeah but that can be a before after. I mean
it doesn't be with the dinner when you're, you know, could you get so full anyway. So if we do tacos we'll do the real one. So you know with the
brian I'm in Greece and all that will do the real ones. Normally you cheat. How about you for thanksgiving.
Congratulations.
Oh warp. All here.
Portland
help
them. Have you tasted that?
Yeah. That is bun so fun when you, at first, you know, sometimes with the kids are going to the older ones, I was like, you know what you're going to play and then dark really liking it. You know, I love play games and we ever done that in a long time. That is a good idea. Craft.
grab kids. Yeah.
All right,
that's good because I think these kids need it. I really do because a lot of them it's not that they're becoming anti social, but there are more, they're just not with people. So the actual people skills are uh you know, it's like a learned behavior now because they are on bones and you know like this all the time and it is now. How old are you? You're
okay. So you started in on the computer thing when
Yeah. See that's how my kids were my my daughters your age. But my son was five years older. So
he was you know, had, the first thing was mom can I get a beeper? I'm like a beeper beep. You know that kind of thing. And he
just
kind of you know, and it's like I grew up with nothing In the 70s. I was a factory worker. So I never learned to type. Which now I regret totally. But like coming you know,
you know like by Detroit and Chicago and all that factory city. You know? And so with growing up with none of it even cell phone sometimes I look back and I think I want the old days back now. They can hold you any time they want, you don't excuse except from and I dropped it or when you do break it. Oh my god, I don't have like oh well, you
know.
Well, and then they don't have um like if you do have phone problems, they don't have um phone booths or anything anymore, you know, welcome. And it's like, I don't know, you know, I'm kind of like, I don't know how to like on the fence with both. I mean I love this technology and everything, but I look back and you know, growing up it was like, you know, my girlfriend and I'd say, but you're not home, you just don't get the gold because with no way to get a hold of you, you know, and that kind of thing. So it's just so different now and I think the kids miss that part of things unless they got grandma and grandpa that lives out on a farm or something,
even rare nowadays. But it's, it's all good. It'll all work out but harder.
Oh, do I agree? Because it's a, you know, like it is, it's fast. It's never slow. And then I didn't find myself sometimes I'll get behind grandpa joan, you know, and it's like get out of my highway or wherever trying
to get around him no matter what you do, they do. And it's like, but you know what? He just laid back and he's like, it's like I want that again, you know? So I, I don't know, it's just a new world that we're going to do. I agree with but live. But yeah it's just going so fast that it's scary.
Um Just the fact that you can see people in another part of the world or another part of the country and stay in contact with them because of the way that you know for jobs you gotta move. I mean people have to move nowadays. You can't just say oh I'm going to grow up and I'm gonna stay in my town and I'll get a job here and I'll make a good living and everything's fine. It doesn't work that way anymore. So at
least keep in touch and see him face to face even though you can't touch I guess. I don't know. That's what I see. What do you like about it?
Cool. I do too.
I know the whole
What the fake news that one gets me that gives me a bit more than anything, you know? And I am a researcher at heart. I mean since I was a kid, I just loved to go to the library and I would just sit there and read and studying, you know? And so you're right on that aspect. This is great because you can find anything and find it quick. But if you aren't into two, what's right and wrong and that little feeling you get that little uh you're right. It's bad. So and
I want
to lie at all. It's all computers. And I remember when my kids were growing up, I I thought the idea I didn't get one over to where I had to literally take my kids to the library every single day. And that's when I finally said all right, we'll get one. Yeah. Find a new one because technology is starting to go too fast and I'm not going to waste some money. You know, I can remember it and it's like, I don't know. I still kind of fight it, but yet I love having it, you know, but it's scary all at the same time right? With the close minded people are getting close minded. It's like, they're like, some people are like zombies. They're like go with the flow and this is what it is. They have no opinions. No, Whatever you say is good. You know, it's not. We all have our own opinions. We all have our own thoughts and ideas. What do you mean? Whatever I think is good. No, wow. Football was me. You know, I'm more of a hey, we can agree to disagree. That doesn't matter. That's how I made you can't just agree or if you can't just disagree with everything people happy. You can't do that right? It's not normal
nor less definitely. I know my best friend's husband, we never did get along but we all get along and you know our my famous words or john we are just going to have to agree to disagree because that's why we both love your life. You know what I mean? And then there were four fine, you know? But you've got to have that. You don't, you're are you even alive anymore? You know what I mean? But anyway, what are you going to do at christmas?
May not?
or Uh huh
No.
You just see how it plays out. No, they're starting to shut us down again. You
it's like, you know what though? To be honest, I wish they'd just shut everything down for two weeks. They should have done it to begin with. Just let people lined, let them cry, Let them complain. They'll get over it. Like everything else you'll get over it. Well, almost it'll be, you know, contained at that
point and go from there. Because if we're going, there's always people that are, well, they're not going to tell me where names like
texture.
you got home before at all.
And donald,
I know it was and you know, like the um, I worked front lines through the beginning, through all of it and we work, I work in a, I'm disabled. That's another whole long story how that happened. Somebody texting while they were driving. But so I just work part time and we make the food, the sandwiches for restaurants and um like gas stations when you go in and pick up a sandwich at the gas station, the prepackaged, all that stuff. So we are, we're in a cold room which breeds covid, they say the cold, but we're like elbow, elbow. I mean, I'm reaching over in your face type of work and we didn't wear masks for until they mandated it, you know, and not one person through that whole thing in there got sick. So it's like, and we, somebody should have some, I mean, because we in your face all over the place touch and for, you know, especially me, I'm short, so everybody just kind of reaches over me, but and it's like, how does it, how does this thing work?
I have talked to people that I like, you know, we're doing our chats and well, we're in our own house doing our own thing and my brother got it. We don't wear masks, whatever. Nobody else got it. We clean and stuff like normal. But I mean and then you talk to other people like I haven't even hardly left the house went around, you know, and it's like is it just hire immunities? You know? It's just weird how
That's
if it do with kids. Um
exactly, caught it and then this was happening. Earth happening. Okay.
What could that be carriers? Maybe? Because the reason with you saying teeth, it's like my daughter has very low immunity and stuff because she's got, you know, a lot of medical issues and within the last six months. And I mean I don't care how broke we were growing up. I took care of my kids teeth because to me that's like it was like it tires on your car. You've got to have your teeth, right? Yeah. And All of a sudden within this last six months I kid you not, she's 33 she needs, I think it's like eight caps or crowns. It's what what
you go anywhere. But he'll go out when she has to the doctor's appointment. Let her go shopping or anything. As your immunities are law. She's been tested several times for um, procedures that she needs done. Like do this week for a to it. They got to check her pituitary tumor again. And so she'll be tested again. She's never tested positive but them teeth and she's always tired like so ungodly tired eggs and pains here and there. I mean this hyperactivity go, go, go. You know. And yeah, the teeth and I kept questioning how can her teeth do that in six months? Nothing's changed. Yes.
Yes it is. Then we think I will definitely, even though it was not a child, it's just like I asked the dentist too and he's like Yeah you know I mean dry mouth, dry mouth is gonna most you have to have dentures will pay over $10,000
to fix
and who has that kind of money laying around wow. I'm glad we got on this conversation.
You can't be overcautious, you can't like me too. I go out but I am careful you know and I got washed my hands more than I ever have. Oh black yesterday I bought a great big because I thought last time when this when this all started. Yeah there's a lot we couldn't find but the main things were sanity hand sanitizer which we made our own and that just was so drying of your hand and over and it's like I kind of left the toilet paper go. I ended up finding one about three months in. I found one at Gordon Foods was like $65. But it was like a one that you know that companies by and it it lasted us for the rest of the period. We just ran out. But I'm thinking I might better have to do that again because if they're locking us up again, people nuts again, everybody would just be normal. We wouldn't run out of things.
So it's like, and now you've got more rooms, you'll be able to in your house. We went from a condo to renting for a while and here we are now with Covid. So it's like well that didn't work out so good. But you know what it is, what it is right now rented since I was 18, you know, so it's new for me and I don't like it. Uh huh. Mm.
Oh God, I am so glad we got to talk.
Yeah this was really nice and very enlightening. I don't know what time we think we got started probably right away. Didn't we? Pretty close within a minute or two? Which is rare because usually people are like like where are, where are they are? But anyway you think our time is getting close?
What?
Okay, well I'm glad I got to meet you know, probably not in person but who knows someday we might just bump into each other
more point way sometimes and like go to Minnesota because we end up Mayo Clinic quite often so you be blessed.
Yes and you have a nice day.
Thanks, bye bye.