Hi, how are you
doing all right with this extra money, you know?
uh
huh. Are you in America?
that's
crazy. Hi,
my name is Ian, I'm in Allentown pennsylvania.
That's great. Yeah. For us. Right, go pennsylvania.
Hopefully.
I
had
friends
calling me up from other states. Like come on pennsylvania. Really?
What do you are you laid off?
I love like I'm from New Jersey. So I grew up on an idea all the time when I was a kid. Yeah,
I
was
just
when I was a kid, I didn't want to call that, dragging me to down my kid. Now I love okay,
I want it.
That's so
great.
I
witnessed that's really? Oh wow.
yep.
I know.
And
and
Philly went a little
crazy, so you're probably
smart, not you went home so weird. I
don't know how
they
would
know this, but I'm sorry is a little bit similar. I actually had moved out to Philly from Allentown. A little apartment right back with sal um uh gone if you know
that
part?
Like
north
of
North Philly?
Okay, nice. It's nicer there. That's better. It
was
a little good where I was at. Yeah. And then when I finally I found a great job. I'm a bartender. Yeah. So I found this awesome job to solve PJ Clark's is the bar. Um There's one in new york and there's one in um in Philly. But anyway, I loved it and remember pandemic care and I'm like, I do not want to stay here in a studio apartment. Quarantining by myself. I will be insane by the end of this. So I came back to where I lived in Allentown. Yeah.
So
we
both we both made exoduses from Philly. It sounds like
mine
was
super reluctant.
I
looked like Allentown
cute in all. Thank you. Yes,
it's
your best.
I'm
like, today maybe I'll wear clothes, maybe I won't. I'm not sure. Uh
that's
wonderful.
It's like
black.
You
can do like a graph, like finances going up mental health, You're gonna have to beat this. Like,
my mental health is um uh
disproportionate. That's funny.
there
has
to
be.
there
have
been them.
I remember
when I moved back, I had gone, lived down south for a little bit and I moved back home. My mom actually down in Bethlehem, my dad's in Jersey. This is like, I was like 30 I guess I'm 42 now. I'm a million. So I was 30 and I moved into my mom's and I'll never forget. I was in the kitchen. I'm very nocturnal. So I was making oatmeal at like four a.m.
And everyone comes down there. She goes in. The adults are sleeping like mom.
I'm
so like no matter how old you are, I'm sure you're always like a kid to your parents. You know, it's nice. It's nice to have the, that safety net that you have, you know, that that's
really good thing. We
just
focus
on the positive of that. I'm sorry, go ahead.
no,
I'm completely later. I've been laid off since freaking april
who
jobs I lost too. So
I went and
I bought it had me off and I'm like, excuse me, where is all this? Like I'm getting,
hey?
Um It sucks because I'm so used to, like my job
is like
running. Yeah, exactly. And like I've been doing it for 20 years so I'm like a boss behind the bar. But like, let's go from that to sedentary has been crazy. So I've been trying to people who have like a vegetable garden. Um I actually bought right so that I can grow vegetables in the basement sometimes trying madam. Um It's been a summer, like I just missed bartending so much and I wonder
how long it's gonna take for it to go back to normal,
nope.
No, because I've been looking like to the weight so shitty about this country. It's like, especially when you come from, you know, having the experience that I have for doing it so long. I'm used to a certain income from and like my bills are commiserate with that income level. So I've been getting by like about 600 helped a lot, you know, I keep hearing from republicans like three minutes so much more, but I made almost double that in my bar tended but okay cool than everyone's for sure. So you know, so I helped a lot and got it where I can pay a lot of my stuff. Um Now it's just awful because I'm trying to get by on $400 a week. That's what my unemployment is. And it's like, I mean two days when I bar attempted. Yeah, you that you're just waiting. You're like, well maybe this week there's gonna be a stimulus and
I sure
did. That's exactly why. Yeah. I was like,
I was like on reddit, I'm like, what can I do for actual
money?
You
know what
I am? That's so funny. That's the only
other one that I do.
We
tried that. Okay.
I understand.
I'm
you did well.
I haven't
had
one of
my taking is medium, like not fast but not shitty.
I'm getting better actually. I'm sure has helped me become a faster. I missed I guess
mother
photos
up.
Thank you so much. That's awesome.
Creepy.
Heard I love that to me. Probably fix the mess. Like
I think
the studies are like not mind numbing. Like I'm hard sometimes. I'm like like
Can
I
give you
five
cents to fuck off? Yeah.
Honestly.
Yeah. No, seriously, I'm almost like it's almost addictive away
because I'll be sitting walking to you and I'm like, you know, I could be making 18 cents right now. So let me try this. It's
weird.
I
want
them,
So
true. You are
constantly
computing.
my God, listen, let me tell you about second M. S. So I was always pretty good in school. I grew up with my Princeton so I grew up with a lot of my friends parents taught it lighter,
taught at Princeton. Yeah. People. So like you have to like my comparison up your game, you know? Um well, I was my senior year of high school german five ap history. Okay. Ap english an algebra one.
They were like, what the fuck happened? Like did you hurt your brain on the part of your math is what happened to you?
I'm
just terrible at it.
But
being a bartender got me really good at like percentages and because
I'm
like,
I definitely gave me like 9.5% you know? Yeah.
now,
same,
same.
And
then once it gets to like the abstract, forget like
invisible
numbers.
Excuse
me. It's not supposed to have letters first
of all. So we need to
do
this.
True.
I freaking love New Jersey. If I could afford New Jersey, I would be in New Jersey right now. I think that's such a bad yeah, You don't want to be in Newark? No, you don't want to be in Camden like,
I mean, and it's so scared about those cities,
you
know, because you didn't feel you went through it. Like so many cities, especially on the eastern seaboard, sent all their businesses like factories and shit to like Mexico, they sent them away. So all these people are out of work and they're like, well fuck it, I'm just gonna drink all day or whatever.
And that's what happened to camps in the north. Used to be beautiful cities, you know, except the shame and you have like, I'm from like mercer County is like where the Revolutionary War was fought. So
it's
I like that part. So when pennsylvania, that little piece that goes into New Jersey, you know what I mean? A little like point right there, you know, I'm
from,
I mean, kind,
I'm not on the, on the Delaware, I don't say that to Jersey people, they'll be, I was getting it, I love New Jersey, my dad's still there, he'll never
leave.
We're running. Dope is my mom's here. I'm like, dad, you can live here so cheap. You know, like it's so much cheaper than New Jersey. He's like, no, your mom's in new york, I mean in pennsylvania, you know, it's a big steak, like you're not gonna see her, but
you
know, he's always looking like happy to hear you're not even the right town than that somebody, your parents are still married,
that's so nice.
It's up grain,
that's
great.
it's so
I am the oldest of three girls. Um, my,
so my mom is black and my dad's italian, but like my real father is italian, he's a fucking scumbag asshole, but he was like the dean of her college Hello scandal right?
I was like mom, did you ever
see shit about anything I do that scandal?
Okay, what can you teach me professor? Like really you then she met my dad in art school, they're both artists, that's how you end up with a name like Ian as a girl, like really my middle sister, she's errol and then the youngest is Ellis and we're all six years apart, so yeah, no,
it's really me,
they're amazing. So my mom is like really, really good, but you know how like, okay, so especially with arts, some people are innate and some are just pop and so my my mom is awesome, great artists, like my dad's moves people, I was drawing since he was like and it's, you can tell it he does with like fashion part like um like women with like big eggs, long legs and like high heels and stuff. I'm like time with a straight man does this man fuse like I'm just seeing extreme brushes like you. But um yeah, it's great. And so he does a lot of like in New Jersey will have like murals on the side of the business to get attention and stuff like that and stuff like that. And my mom did it the smart way. Of course. She's an art teacher for 25 years and she retired. She actually didn't even finish out her school year when she got her pension. She was like, bye, I'll
take my money. Yeah.
And
they got
like in Jersey based teachers great. She was making 100 grand a year by the end of her. I know. To teach like complete with clay. Really? Mom. So
it was the
Oh,
so
cool. What do your parents do?
So
it's still
damn job. Oh God. I still have mine. Was it horrible?
Ruth?
Thank
goodness. Also
The
bank.
I bet. Oh God. That poor man has to drive it. Talk to new Jersey jesus because it's like, it's crazy. All the roads like I always joke that drunken colonials came up with the roads.
There will be all crazy and get like circles and just weird now. Yeah.
That's really
great.
All wrong.
I only
know
you work because of the band live. You know the band
live. Way
before your time. How old are you mask?
Oh my God, your baby. I love
it.
Yeah. Way before you were born, Back in the olden days there's been called live and they're
from
your,
you said
that
actually
they're good. Was um lightning crashes. That was
their big
and
why? That's so cool. I love it. Okay.
You have
passed.
I have five cats.
So quick story. I'm full of them once upon a time. I had a breakout Apollo and my roommate and he's my best friend, he's actually the stage manager of our local symphony hall. So this poor man's not work too. And we always don't like thank God we're best friends because we would have murdered each other. Both being around. These are all the time since april um that's a friendship. Looks like you do
here, I'll tell you. And then we hugged and pick up. Anyway I had a ball and he had his girl cat, Artemus. And I was going to take a pilot to the vat and for each other. And I'm hugest. Like I grew up like bob barker spay and neuter your pets. Like there's too many kittens in the world and also naked. So we had five ends. We gave two away. And um you have, so we have taxi who's obviously a tuxedo. Um We have the artist Apollo. And then the one he has like a little white spot right here. So it's always like a price. I was like, no, he's like a reverend. I was like, oh my doctor martin Luther cat. Yeah. Oh you're not well in this house.
Uh huh. And
then the next four and then one day I was literally in my yard and I heard a little animal screaming and my landlord like a freaking order. So there's all kinds of bullshit now, y'all. So I pushed back these bushes that were on like a wand rower and this little girl with like I can't find the camera. Little tiny kitten comes one and now it runs to me. I'm like also she was like gonna die everything. Her mom just left her to die. So we took her to the but she was all gross and full of worms. Just disgusting. And now he's a doll and
we named her after the long over. It was a snapper brand one roller. So her name is snappy.
Well
white.
yep.
That's so cute.
I love
I
have
the
same
birthday
as mr ball. Go
ahead
nuts.
I mean
No.
Ooh.
No,
don't
I
was
shit
kidding.
What?
Or just that birth or something
amazing
and
you're right.
that's
a dollar. And she's
smoker.
my
God, that's amazing.
No, you can't blow my mind. I don't understand how because you probably can relate to this, how many sticking cooler straight cops did you see in Philly? It would break my heart. Like I once I was out in Philly and this woman followed me, it was like yelling at me. So I wanted, I was almost home walking from the train. I walked all the way back to the day, I'm convenience store and bought food. It was like immediately sitting in front of someone's freaking hard probably who's a psycho out here and like I wanted to take it in but it's like I just, I had so many still at home but I didn't bring my part specifically actually because I was reading to make sure I was gonna say and then pandemic. So they go like I didn't drag him all the way out here, you know? Oh
no. Baller. I look at what the other one's name.
do
with
clip
They
are awesome. They are so
tiny
that
she
like,
like
all
the time.
I love
it
is.
Holy I
love
when they
do that.
It's so fricking cool. I love it.
Well
because of all the damn debris in our yard through this old bulldozer in my
backyard.
Like why why this man, you know, he likes fixes things up themselves or whatever, technically part of the property is his so fine. But because of that we get stray cats and so now I'm sorry from the five Fn cats in my house, we take care of eight hats to
families outside. So
oh my God, they're hilarious coming up, we can name them all, they come up and we have different food bowls around the house. So we, we've now started um there's a catch and release program with our top release and you can rent this page and then you take them in to get a neuter, It's five bucks.
So
that would be awesome. Like they can stay, no problem, but we can't have generations of that one of our prison yard.
I
think.
You
know
these
people
hooking.
My
house is a goddamn cat underground railroad 100% for sure.
Also,
you seem like an amazing person, Super nice to meet
you,
thank
you.
But
I
can
talk
anything
forever.
They use so much and I love it. Like that's, that's a big thing with like, especially the bartender is like, you can tell when people are just miserable and I'm like, am I you know what? We're inconveniencing you like, I'm so sorry like to make you look at me a drink. I've and I'll try to like I ask people what they like and I'll try to become something, you know, maybe they've never had like based on what they like, like I love my God and that's what I can piss me off so much about toll handling of the pandemic. It's like what was Melania? Whoever the fuck they were like, oh just do something else. Then
grew
you like I've been doing this right now. I talked about, I love to cook, don't tell me the time I put into my job just because you people don't think it's important. I love it. So now I just gotta go work and thinking, you know amazon like I can't, I'm not gonna do that, I love what I do and I'm gonna wait for it, you know? But it's so wild. You have so many people are like, oh, you're being lazy, like waiting. No, I'm laid off. I have a job. I'm just waiting for it to reopen. Its wild. I'm a minute, a little too much. And you
are
people just like cousin you out. How about you go to the stimulus check one. That shit is toxic. Have
you
been
on
the,
there's
like a stimulus there?
That
one's because you've always like republicans on there like yelling at people to like, why are they on here waiting for a stimulus check, Go get a dog because we're loaded. Nobody stopped working because we wanted to start working, you know? Uh,
it really is, it really
is.
How happy are you about Kamala? We have a problem. Maybe
I'm
so happy.
I didn't even realize that. That's me. The
that's so
She
I love
her.
I love it. Just all seemed like such great people like whether I don't agree with everything like non liberal, like I'm probably more liberal than like Bernie. So some of, some of um, so those policies to be our little, he's very medium, you know what they called a battery, but whatever what I love is that finally we have what I feel like a decent human being in the white house and that means so much. I don't know if you've ever seen it, but if you have a more homework for you, um, there's the, when biden gets the Congressional Medal of Honor,
God, I wasn't bawling. Like I actually didn't know about that. And my neighbor, we were outside talking to think pretty mean you've never seen that. She's like, go and I went on Youtube. I mean he didn't even know he was getting it and he was lying the whole freaking time turning around like, oh my God, that was beautiful.
No,
no,
I'm gonna look that
up
when
we're done
like, oh I'm
You
just
Like come on, come on my phone.
No, that's amazing. He just seems great and it's just nice finally to have somebody that's not just like a selfish narcissistic, you know, horrible human being,
I believe.
Who
are
these
60 million people who are these people that still think that man should be our president?
Me
too.
Until
I'm
shocked.
I really am. I can't believe in it. To me it's scary as hell because it's like our this many people just racist or many people just they don't want Camilla and I just don't get no one's taking your guns. No one, you know, people think it's going to happen under biden is what was happening under trump, but because we're told it wasn't like for example, the whole taxes thing, taxes went up for poor people and trump. But yeah, telling them, oh, biden's gonna raise, I will be raising people's taxes if they make 400,000 years, your trailer living ass is not making
100,000,
you're, you're fine. Ah
what do you think about McConnell? Can you believe that asshole still stayed
60%?
He got
in 62 30 for his component groups. But I guess that's Kentucky for you and talking
again.
What's
this?
my gosh,
So yes, simple answer. Yes, you can absolutely do that. I think most bartenders like that then they can be like, let me come up with something maybe being like the nerve that I am, I would ask you like what flavor fruity like would you like something minty? Do you want something like a little bit part, do you want something like fruit trudy? So like there's ways you can go with that. I would probably, have you ever had a virgin mojito?
It's
literally
like,
yeah so a mojito is um simple syrup which is sugar water. We got that. So first you treatment and you put it in the glass, you take some lines, put it in the glass, you muddle it up just like just getting all the juices out of it, like a big stick. Then you put ice, you put booth, it's rum and shake the crap out of it. Then you topped off with soda water. So it would have all those things except the run obviously. And it would be like minty limey soda. That was pretty good for you. Like you said he like something maybe a little more fruity, like something like a version hurricane would be nice to do is like orange juice, pineapple, grenadine, which is um, pomegranate syrup. Yeah, something like
nice little bit of soda to give you a little both. It's always refreshing. You can do so many things.
I
think
that's
enough
how you
have
that.
Right. No, not at all. If your bartender is a deck and maybe, you know what I mean? But it's like if somebody like I'm in goal for being a bartender, like I want to be a nurse forever, but I can't, I take death very, very badly. So I would be in a mental institution, like my first six months of being a nurse. So for me I can like give somebody a nice day and like take care of them. You know when we don't know what somebody at your bar, their dog could have died or like their mom's in the hospital. So if I can make you laugh and be a group ball and then maybe get you a buzz and have a nice, like I felt good in the world. So that's why I love being a bartender or just probably talking about like, you
know?
So yeah, like for me if you ask me that I'd be like hold on and then I probably asked a bunch of questions like oh my God, just make it cool. Yeah. Uh
huh.
That's definitely, wait, did you not drink? You just don't like alcohol or do you just think it's stupid or
I mean that's
her.
On.
definitely.
An s beyond that.
and
it
was good.
they're
very strong.
very
smart.
No.
I
my dying
now?
bet there's
two
things.
So the first thing that is um ST reasonable sugar. So a lot of times if your body's not used, like if you're not a big sweet person, then you're, that's immediately going to give you a freaking addict, that must be alcohol.
So
like
all
there and you're not being used to a goddamn so angry a hat, Simple sick, Which is an orange liqueur, red wine, triple sec, brandy. Yes. Fruit juice, muddled fruit and soda water. So it has three different kinds of booze and so
if
the
bartender paired a little more to ask you, but you know, the last time you're not gonna, like, if you
were like, hey,
this is my first drink, like,
like, you
would
have
been a dick for giving you that for your first thing, honestly, I'm not that kind of mean.
Dude,
let me tell
you from,
there
is,
that totally exists.
That's
the
real
thing
in
new york in new york,
google
it.
No,
of
course.
I mean freaking pools in new york, No, that's 100% there's a market bar. Absolutely, a lot of people don't, it's good for you, you
know, I mean like weed is better for you than alcoholic. I actually drink so much less, like the longer I bark you see first. Okay, so first of all, it's almost a little bit of like a moral dilemma because I'll get this existential crisis every like yourself, I'm a drug dealer, I mean that's what it is, it's a drug and you'll see people come in and like an alcoholic, you know, and I'm not gonna be like, I'm sorry, you're an alcoholic, I'm like mr falling over and looking stupid and you know, acting a certain way, you're not gonna deny, somebody has to adopt so you it fucks because I'll see these people and they come in and they're lovely and then as he calls, you just see them like slumping like cry or they'll
just
like all kinds of shit people like fights and you're like you were just awesome like 10 minutes ago, you know? So it's wild. It's you think about it sometimes you're like wow and I guess you got to think of it almost like the drug dealer thinks of it and be like, well I didn't do it, somebody else is going to give it to them. It's a fucked up thing. Like I read a couple of years, I'm like I don't
know.
But
then
and I Right,
they're doing now pharmaceuticals, you
know,
no matter what, it's my lot in life to give people drug.
I'm saying it's we'll get tips and I'm just trying to at least it's a legal drug dealing I suppose. Yeah, it's a wild thing you know?
But but I like and you have people drink responsibly, it's just so fun because you're just literally throwing a little private party for people, okay welcome somebody's in my house, you know come on in, this is a party, you know
it's
obvious
I
did not, I did not. I am a musician. I actually went to school for music
um and I didn't finish, I played guitar and I saying yeah hi if you're
bored
my name
is
Ian
Jacobs.
And
it's
like
yeah no problem. I got it on Youtube. Yeah.
M
that's awesome. You should you should. Um
And I'm really better. I wouldn't even embarrass you like you're like oh my God,
it's awful. No. Um And I played professionally for a long time, I played all over the south. Um I lived in a van with my band
to my
parents
horror.
Yes. Well it was so much fun. It was the best
time.
And looking back it's hilarious because we're like
he does some shit like we meet fans and like
you don't always have to be in a van. Like especially I was the only girl, so it's like you know they do boys, they're gross so they can be in a van like every day. I'm like I need a shower, so we meet fans and they're like oh come over and stay with us and we do it.
And I was like you know adult, I look back and I'm like how are we not in cages in someone's basement, Like it's supreme. So however we made it and it was so fun and um it's really sad. Mine, he was my boyfriend of seven years. I'm 16 to 23. How freaking stupid is that? Why would you do that? You will never be hotter from
16 to 23 you're with one dude. But anyway
and his dumb ass, he was using heroin and I didn't know because I've never been around anything like that. I was like he's tired a lot. Like I just been, oh you know and he freaking
died.
He died. You see them?
he did. Yes he did. It was we were taking a break from playing and we're getting a good game love
and stuff that we're doing really well and we were home on a break which is florida and he went to go see his parents and shit too. He's the only child, their only child and he freaking won't. Not enough. So that kind of music for me like a little bit which you know it's just hard after that shit and then a couple years
and I
started playing again like I don't really
do the band thing anymore. It's
hard to rely on other people and stuff like that. Um correct. Another yet another quick little tiny fun story. Um We're playing in New Orleans and we are my favorite. Please. Like it is such a cool city. Have you ever been?
It's the best. Like I I feel like bo soon because Britain is gonna be underwater but it's such a great city and the food like everybody there loves music, it's just mad cool. So we played the show and what we would do is we'd be sick of each other. So we're like everybody go off for a couple hours, have fun and we'll meet back up here and we'll go to the next town. So it's a shower and they were like I see you at this time. So everybody got off has fun. We come back, I'm the first one back boldness and then my drummer came, I'm sorry at least there came back that dissected passed away and were but they're like okay well you know the fucking Philip were if he has a three piece and we don't know where he is. And finally we're like really worried because we got to go. So we called the hospitals, He's not in the hospital, we are the police. Yeah, so in New Orleans it's illegal as it should be to slap a cop horse on the s because that's a cop that was assault on a law enforcement
officer girl. So we assaulted a law horse.
You
were worth in jail $800
to bail his dumb ass out. I was so mad. I'm like, I almost want to leave you here and just go like, ok, like the box like instead of having a drummer,
I don't even care. So yeah, that's my that's my fun new Orleans story. But it was a great time. It was really fun.
I always have those memories, you know?
Damn.
It
was sort
of more uh you were named decay to like the big bug and
yet.
it was great.
It was
a good time.
It really, really was, it was great. It was like, I don't have kids or anything like that. I just um no, I just like, you know what, I'm just gonna be me and my cat, I'm gonna be grooving.
So
it's been, it's pretty cool.
Thank you. Oh, that's so freaking nice to meet you. I
don't know
if I didn't make the time. I like basically talked your ear off.
It's
that.
Please
do
leave a message or something. That my my email is just my name. Um All one word at gmail dot com. If you ever want to keep in touch, you sound like an often
person and I really wish you
elect
throughout
all this
shit.
Listen,
I
will make
you the
most
bombed
mock tail if if I ever meet you. Yeah,
I was I quit to move back here so
I
want that lead off. And then I was like, I'm not coming back. I'm
in the
home now. Yeah.
Why not?
Not? Till the big right? You're
so, you have a great
tire. So cool. I don't
know how to get out of this.
I see it beautiful. You have a lovely night.
Take
care, explosion.
Lab
bye.