SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Uh huh. But Oh no. All right, that's it. Right. Yeah. What are you doing? Okay. It's Mhm. Transportation. Yes. Oh yeah, mm. Fuck important. Yeah. Actually, mm. Yeah, But yeah. Yeah. Mhm. It's
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: good. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing fine.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: good for you because I've tried to do this three times already and each time the other person has not showed up.
SPEAKER_R: is this the first time you've done this and actually had success, or?
SPEAKER_L: No. Um I did a
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: done it twice a couple of months ago, but like for this round of these, I guess this is like the first time I've actually got the other person to show up or
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I can understand that. The first time I did it, it was same for me, had three strikes and finally got through
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: to somebody. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I emailed the researcher and they didn't really have a explanation or anything. So I was gonna try it one more time if I didn't get anybody today, I just wasn't gonna mess with it anymore because I felt like an idiot sitting around for 20 minutes and getting paid like all the way to do it.
SPEAKER_R: sure when I made my name is, Jim is good to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: I submit
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: you to
SPEAKER_R: night.
SPEAKER_L: family,
SPEAKER_R: I'm going to get from your voice I guess. Are you a sudden or two?
SPEAKER_L: I am. I've got to say, where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: Uh north Carolina? Really?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from north Carolina to uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: We're north Carolina, are you from?
SPEAKER_L: I live in eaten. It's uh north of Greensboro. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: One of the first capitals of the state of the colony in north Carolina.
SPEAKER_L: that's 80 times.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's true. Even time, Sorry. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The wrong one. Oh yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So are you
SPEAKER_R: Of Statesville, Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: My brother, one of my cousins, her husband was that Director of economic development in states. For uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um So I like it. It's nice.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, it's changed a bit over the last few years and stuff and everything, but uh
SPEAKER_L: A lot of from white charlotte.
SPEAKER_R: I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_L: Are you getting a lot of growth from charlotte? Like
SPEAKER_R: Well, Mooresville is more than us, but it's getting here eventually, frankly, the leaders of our town and the northern end of our county kind of like to keep things the way they are. It's an interesting scenario. They want to see growth and they claim that and everything else. But we've had a lot of opportunities over the last three decades slip through because they didn't want to see too much change.
SPEAKER_L: Clay, I can relate to that with our county and so forth. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: definitely understand. Uh Like the southern part of our county. We're getting a lot of growth from the suburbs of greens for and even went center are kind of pushing up in the to the southern part of Rockingham County. Uh I understand. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You know
SPEAKER_L: So have you you lived here your whole life?
SPEAKER_R: um I've lived here for most of my life actually spent eight years in Chapel Hill. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: attended school there and then I went to graduate school there and then I don't know if you know where henderson north Carolina is East y'all? Almost due east I guess. Um I taught there for two years but because I was active in my church there in Chapel Hill I wanted to stay around so I drove there, I got an hour and 15 minutes. Both ways are each way to to work there. And then my wife and I lived in Columbia south Carolina for a couple of years.
SPEAKER_L: I like,
SPEAKER_R: But I won't.
SPEAKER_L: I like that place.
SPEAKER_R: it is, it's hot but it's, it's nice. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: What did you what did you study at Chapel Hill?
SPEAKER_R: I'm an education major in history and you know, so I've been doing that for most of my life. I actually talked two years at the Vance County and then you're tired and went to seminary. And
SPEAKER_L: It's not.
SPEAKER_R: then even when I was before I took my first classes, I was having dreams from my students missing all that. So after a few seminary, I decided to go back for a couple of years and it turned out to be 31 going on towards 40 I guess now in that direction. So what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: I worked in I. T. Uh which is not what I went to school for but I've always been good at it. Uh So just kind of stuck with it by almost kind of happened by accident. Uh I thought about going back to school maybe but I don't know yet went to Appalachian, enjoyed it. Uh
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: brother
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: yeah he actually went to U. N. C. And uh he's one of those people who got to Chapel Hill and he never lost me and then my parents because he's got two sons now my parents just move down to Chapel Hill as well to be close to them. So I go down there uh pretty frequently I enjoy going there. I like to go to basketball and football games a lot of fun.
SPEAKER_R: And men of any of those, um in a while we had four kids. So that kind of kept us busy and I work in the school system but I actually have four or five different jobs I do in addition to teaching. I'm a tennis coach.
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: Uh Buzz for the system that wrote me into that and I teach driver education, you know if you're aware of her to Pearson education education, I grade portfolios for them online for student teachers. So anyway we don't be that way but
SPEAKER_L: Uh, she talked for about 30 years and then it was a principal uh, after that. So I'm fully aware of that. The positives and negatives of teaching, uh, in north Carolina.
SPEAKER_R: well I'm called to it so that's why I stick with it and. Uh huh. No.
SPEAKER_L: Full virtual key thing to start off for hybrid
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: or what?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah our county is split with. We've got five high schools currently. Uh well kind of some others as well but five main high schools and south fire drills where I am. It's uh you know the two bigger ones along with Lake norman in Southern and we have experienced a tremendous amount of growth and we have an I. B. School that draws from the whole county there as well. So we, when the, when the county wanted to go back full time, I really miss the students. I'd like to see him frankly is not working online and it's not going to, if the state school board cuts our legs out from under us again by telling the students two weeks in, well you're gonna pass anyway basically.
SPEAKER_L: Perfect.
SPEAKER_R: Um, so uh, we are school, three of the county schools are going back two days a week and then one day virtual kind of half the student body comes in on monday, Tuesday, half on thursday, friday virtual day for everybody on Wednesday so they can scrub the school down.
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: Um, when our principal started investigating what that was going to require for us, he kind of figured out logistics are gonna be horrible. It was going to take two hours to get all the students into the building by going through the health checks we have to do. And so we kind of figured this is not gonna work out real well if you're spending two hours a day just filtering students through to get them into the classrooms
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: and no, they're, they're off on that. I, uh, I am a rare teacher who's kind of upset at my colleagues. It's kind of like, we got to bite the bullet guys. I mean, you know, we can't sit around doing this forever. We need to get it back to normal. This is, is terrible. I feel for those that have lost people with covid and stuff, but there have been a lot worse things in history to deal with than this. And uh, I don't know, there's a part of me that feels like until we actually go ahead and push through this, it's just going to drag out. I don't,
SPEAKER_L: But that a vaccine is, it's just gonna be, it's gonna be a lot of start and stop with everything and that's not gonna work well. Uh,
SPEAKER_R: Now have you been placed in virtual kind of a virtual?
SPEAKER_L: I was fortunate I could work from home for the most part anyway. Um, so that hasn't been like too big of a disruption. Uh, but like I keep in touch with a lot of my former professors and stuff and you know, there they feel like they've got no communication, very little reassurance from like the administration that happened, it asked for. Um So I think there it just feels like it's gonna be a mess, but I kind of agree with you that I think you got to try it and and see how it goes, but I worried it's just gonna get shut down, it's going to go right back to the virtual, but every teacher that I talked to, like I grew up with, they became teachers, I mean, they all just expressed nothing but frustration with the virtual learning and it just, it just didn't work at all, and especially living in an area that's not well off economically, relatively speaking, a lot of students just don't have the resources at home to study effectively virtually, and they're just worried about the students slipping even further and further behind. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: yes,
SPEAKER_L: so I just worry tremendously about the next few months and how it's gonna go. Uh
SPEAKER_R: well for six years, we've been 1 to 1 county for middle school and high schools, we've had um, we've had apples in their hands where they take them home every day.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we've got Chromebooks, whatever.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we're kind of ahead the ahead of the curve there, but it's just not the same. You can't have the discussions. Um the students frankly didn't check in all of them, some
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: of them, the last time I saw them was the first day we did it, and then after that is they disappeared completely, but like you said as a driver instructor, when you go out and drive and you see where they live and so
SPEAKER_L: Or.
SPEAKER_R: if you want, your, could they possibly get anything done in that kind of situation. You wonder even though our county was able to get um, spectrum to come and promise they took up free wifi and everything for the people. You wonder how many people actually took advantage of it. And so I don't know. It's, it's a,
SPEAKER_L: Well, my mama,
SPEAKER_R: in the,
SPEAKER_L: you know, she had students who the most normal parts of their lives were monday through friday
SPEAKER_R: shoot.
SPEAKER_L: come and you know that before and did not have that now. Just just worry about their welfare uh a lot. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I had a young man that I had for my last period class of the day on Fridays. They always had him come, I dismissed him early and he would go and pick up a backpack full of food because otherwise he might not eat over the weekend asked think that way, but it's just terrible things that happens in our country. But
SPEAKER_L: Well I did a good job here uh you know, during the last few months of school, back in the spring with letting students come and pick up lunches and and stuff like that. They really did a nice job
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: with that. But you know, again, I know how long that can go home for. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Have you uh you
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: enjoy the tennis coaching because I like to play uh play part time just whenever I can.
SPEAKER_R: I like it. Um, I have not been able to play really regularly since I had surgery for carpal tunnel. Um, and that was part of a, my help kind of hills kind of melted down about two years ago in the fall and I found out it's kind of like taking a car to the shop that had been there and while they started finding all these things
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: wrong, you know there are one of them and I knew that I was having problems with, I couldn't feel things as well so that's still on the mend. But yeah I really enjoy coaching tennis. But when I first started doing it south it's been about 20 years now. Um I had to teach basically the kids I was getting which end of the racket to use. Uh huh. My fast one year what I wanted from a birthday and I said and number one I can't touch uh tired of beating my number one is an old man but uh with the I. B. School and stuff coming and we've had a lot of success so we've had a lot of victories but I've enjoyed the kids throughout the years,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: spend a lot of fun seeing them learning sport. They can take and keep um you know, I played football basketball when I was in high school and
SPEAKER_L: Urban
SPEAKER_R: didn't want to start taking up tennis until the very tail end. I never played in high school but
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: then fell in love with the sport because you can still play that even when you get old. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Carpal Tunnel something I worry a ton about. That's why I bought like a mouse that's supposed to, you know, prevent that and everything because I actively on computer. A lot worries that I've become an old man. I'm gonna get Carpal Tunnel and everything else
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: and try to be as proactive as I can uh about it. No.
SPEAKER_R: but it helps you feel any better about that. The doctor said mom was probably through vibration. Yeah. He says probably through vibration just driving that bus. They shimmy like through the wheel and just a lot of other things I've done in the past in terms of the kind of work I would do during the summer or whatnot. He said like that may have been the damage I got there. Plus just I guess it could have been from feeding tennis balls and stuff as well, but Mhm. But you're probably right.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: And he said some of us just genetic too. I mean if you've got a narrow, gotta narrow opening there where your nerve comes through, you just can't be more prone to it. So maybe time. So you what's it been like for you as far as working, have you been able to go in at all or?
SPEAKER_L: Uh If I have to I will I go over to a company over Greensburg, but I can do just about anything online. And you know, I think one of the trends that covid has exacerbated is a lot of people realizing that office space isn't going to be a necessity going forward. Now personally, I do kind of like getting out of the house and go and get to an office environment um if need be, but I've found that it works pretty well I think. Um but like I said, because I'm home working throughout the day by four or five o'clock, I'm ready to get outside and you know, go a walking trail or do something just to just to get fresh air just to just to be out of the house, I think. But uh you know, you read about like, uh you know, google's letting their employees work from home until like for like at least the next nine months or so, and I think that's just going to become, I think it's become a bigger trend. You're going to see even more and more people working from home that you have companies realize they can save a lot of money on office space going forward if they allow people to work from home. And I think a lot of studies are showing that people's productivity for the most part is not really dropping off any. I think this this might be here to stay for a lot of people,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know. My son is a computer programmer.
SPEAKER_L: but there
SPEAKER_R: Um He works in Research Triangle and there they told them originally you're just going to september, supposedly they're going back in september, but they're wondering, Got another son who graduated from college a little over a year ago, so he had a year under his belt just about when this happened. But his job he can do online and that he was doing it full time online. They've got them back in the office now and so I don't know how he's he said it's okay. I think he was enjoying being at home because he got married last year live. So this was
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: another chance to spend more time with his wife. Um She was able to do her job because she teaches E. S. L. And she could still still do that online. They figured out a way forward to do it. But I think you're right you're gonna be a lot of people decide and then cut a lot of overhead expenses by doing this. I would not want to be somebody invested heavily in office building right now.
SPEAKER_L: Commercial real estate. No, not at all. It's also an interesting noticing just like my monthly budget, you know, just not going out to eat as much, not spend as much money on gas and that kind of stuff and it's really been a blessing and help me save a little bit of money. Uh Plus it's easier to do stuff like this uh from home. If I was in an office right now, I wouldn't be able to to do something like that to learn a little bit extra side money has helped as well. Uh So anyway, uh you have a favorite part of the seat if you like to visit her. All right.
SPEAKER_R: I like the mountains two degree. My wife's from the mountains. Um frankly, I mean I kind of enjoy the Piedmont area where I'm from. If I had had my choice when we moved back from Colombia to north Carolina, I would have been in the, in a Chapel hill area because I love that you go to school, we kind of love it. I'm so glad I'm not teaching in the school system there. I think it would have driven me crazy having to deal with, you know, everything that you put up with in that area. Um, but I really enjoy that area. I'm not much of a beach person.
SPEAKER_L: The car.
SPEAKER_R: I enjoy taking a vacation here and after about three days I'm ready to leave,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: did it all. I did it all the time growing up and as I've gotten over I don't care about going back uh as much if I go for a day or two I think that's probably about enough for me. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I kind of like me and as soon as the States you can get the most place you want to go to stuff now. Did you fall in love with boom when you were there?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Well the mountains. Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: Because I've got
SPEAKER_L: boons like everywhere else. A lot of places though it's kind of grown beyond its capacity really.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I went a couple of years without going back up there and when I return and just seeing how much has changed in a short amount of time, just how much growth there is. Uh I don't know how sustainable. Um It is over the long term both of the university
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: area just grow and grow and just pushing the town out even further and further. At the same time. Nobody wants the the wilderness and all that to be disturbed. Uh It's driving up the cost of living and everything. Uh So it's it's kind of frustrating, but yeah, I mean I absolutely loved it up there. Uh If it was a bigger area with a better job market, I probably would have stayed up in that area, but for now I'm content to go up there and go hiking, you know, maybe once a month or something like that. But yeah, I'm very glad I went to school up there.
SPEAKER_R: Well now we used gear.
SPEAKER_L: No, I'm not in the scheme, no. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: We have a brother in law.
SPEAKER_L: tried it. It wasn't for me. Uh I stick to the hiking uh for the most part I think
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: maybe.
SPEAKER_R: got a brother in law loves a boon and he graduated from out and then went to graduate school there later it was on the National Ski patrol for a number of years. He lived up there doing that, he didn't want to move away and finally he moved to Washington D. C. Work. He works
SPEAKER_L: Talk
SPEAKER_R: for the federal
SPEAKER_L: to the
SPEAKER_R: government
SPEAKER_L: doctor. I
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: lived I lived up there for a couple of years
SPEAKER_R: yeah, he loves
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: it. Um He always talked about moving back to Boone, he's getting a retirement age and he was actually going to do it this coming spring and some of the people who is working with that he was having a hard time dealing with retired or got shuffled around. I'm not sure exactly what happened. But anyway he wound up getting a bump up for a promotion and he thought well I'll stay a couple more years for retire. He's always been his plan to move back to boom. I'm not sure if you want to do that now although um we've gotten so used to all the things you can see in D. C. And he enjoys food.
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: So you got a lot of different you know all sorts of food that he can get to and he's got a markets in the neighborhood you can walk to. So I don't know if you'll ever go back to it or not but you
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: can't go back home to a degree. I know going to Chapel Hill is not quite saying because a lot of the places we hung out in aren't there anymore,
SPEAKER_L: you got a franklin street now? And just compared to when my brother was in school, like how many of the famous like restaurants and shots there that have closed? It's pretty stark Anthony. Uh Just a way to stay exchanging. Uh But I mean I love the sea and would consider going back. But my gosh, when I consider the cost of living uh when I was up there, just written like a tiny one bedroom apartment versus versace here where I have a nice house. The pull the lower cost of living I think was too big of a plus for me to stay up there.
SPEAKER_R: well that's one of the hooks that's kind of got him there for a while to, he bought one of the row houses 16 blocks from the capitol. He's right down Constitution Avenue and he's got one of those row houses but when he got he got a good deal on it because it needs a lot of work and he had become kind of a handy man. As he said though, he's kind of got handyman 80 HD he'll start one project and then before he gets finished he'll start seeing something else, we'll start working on that. So he said until he gets everything put back together, he's not gonna be able to sell it move
SPEAKER_L: Well, I could
SPEAKER_R: woman.
SPEAKER_L: imagine a value on that just skyrocketed since he all that I would think
SPEAKER_R: I would imagine.
SPEAKER_L: because I mean I still go up there fairly often and every time I go up there at the growth in the northern Virginia and even out really to west eastern west Virginia now I mean it's just constantly just building everywhere. I mean they never really experienced a recession like the rest of the country did, so it's just been nonstop growth. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. They're very much out of touch with the rest of the nation in that area.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Have you have you been on prolific long time or?
SPEAKER_R: Uh My daughter introduced me to it, mm I guess around christmas time you said you might enjoy this. So she put me on to it and actually I have and like you, I agree with this teaching virtually it's gonna be different this time, but they told us get out of the buildings, you can't come in, we're teaching virtually consisted of getting your lesson plans up there, telling your students just email if you've got a question and basically being the Maytag repairman sitting around waiting for responses except for once a week when we would get twice a week excuse for an hour time where you have a doom and wait for people to show up for that if nobody shows up for her or the same person shows up every week and doesn't really have any problem with anything. But I found myself able
SPEAKER_L: But.
SPEAKER_R: to do, clean out the garage, do this, that and everything while the computer is sitting there waiting on someone ask a question and do prolific all day long. So so enjoyable.
SPEAKER_L: just a couple weeks ago I finally introduced my brother to it and he's like texted me constantly about how good it is, returning a little bit of extra cash and so forth. And uh it's honestly it's been even better since Covid started because there have been some longer term studies that I've gotten into that like pay pretty well. Uh So many uh like really the last three or four months I make about 100 bucks. Uh My mouth which is not a bad little for no
SPEAKER_R: Maybe.
SPEAKER_L: more than putting into it. Uh You know my internet bill and 1 200 things? It's
SPEAKER_R: Lorien
SPEAKER_L: uh it's a pretty good deal. Uh But I suppose get frustrated. They're like if I get up to like get a drink or something and come back and yeah miss like a seven or $8 study just because of how fast they go.
SPEAKER_R: Have you got this boy? Some of them disappear in a hurry. They are.
SPEAKER_L: they put the browser extension uh assistant all that but it doesn't sometimes they still go 2000. Doesn't matter.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Some I mean there are especially ones that pay real well there what I've seen pop up about I don't know 50 times and every time a punch on there is gone Islam. How could it be there? Uh You know how could it disappear? But it does have that happen.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well just with everybody at home were often now they're just going by. Even
SPEAKER_R: True.
SPEAKER_L: I asked her. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well I think we are up on 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: We sure we I think you're right because
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well
SPEAKER_R: we didn't reach them at odds
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: are getting my north
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: Carolina. That's pretty well.
SPEAKER_L: I wasn't expecting that at all. That's just a good surprise. I like that's all I've got to hear. A Southern accent.
SPEAKER_R: Yes it is.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well like what the teaching and everything. Hope it goes well.
SPEAKER_R: Oh we will.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: And you take area.
SPEAKER_L: You too.