Uh huh. Uh huh. But Oh no. All right, that's it. Right. Yeah. What are you doing? Okay. It's Mhm. Transportation. Yes. Oh yeah, mm. Fuck important. Yeah. Actually, mm. Yeah, But yeah. Yeah. Mhm. It's
good. How are you?
It's
good for you because I've tried to do this three times already and each time the other person has not showed up.
No. Um I did a
done it twice a couple of months ago, but like for this round of these, I guess this is like the first time I've actually got the other person to show up or
that
I emailed the researcher and they didn't really have a explanation or anything. So I was gonna try it one more time if I didn't get anybody today, I just wasn't gonna mess with it anymore because I felt like an idiot sitting around for 20 minutes and getting paid like all the way to do it.
I submit
you to
family,
I am. I've got to say, where are you from?
I'm from north Carolina to uh huh.
I live in eaten. It's uh north of Greensboro. Yeah,
that's 80 times.
Sorry.
So are you
My brother, one of my cousins, her husband was that Director of economic development in states. For uh huh.
Um So I like it. It's nice.
A lot of from white charlotte.
Are you getting a lot of growth from charlotte? Like
Clay, I can relate to that with our county and so forth. Yeah,
definitely understand. Uh Like the southern part of our county. We're getting a lot of growth from the suburbs of greens for and even went center are kind of pushing up in the to the southern part of Rockingham County. Uh I understand. Yeah.
So have you you lived here your whole life?
Okay.
I like,
I like that place.
What did you what did you study at Chapel Hill?
It's not.
I worked in I. T. Uh which is not what I went to school for but I've always been good at it. Uh So just kind of stuck with it by almost kind of happened by accident. Uh I thought about going back to school maybe but I don't know yet went to Appalachian, enjoyed it. Uh
My
brother
yeah he actually went to U. N. C. And uh he's one of those people who got to Chapel Hill and he never lost me and then my parents because he's got two sons now my parents just move down to Chapel Hill as well to be close to them. So I go down there uh pretty frequently I enjoy going there. I like to go to basketball and football games a lot of fun.
Well,
Uh, she talked for about 30 years and then it was a principal uh, after that. So I'm fully aware of that. The positives and negatives of teaching, uh, in north Carolina.
Full virtual key thing to start off for hybrid
or what?
Perfect.
Are
Yeah, that's
But that a vaccine is, it's just gonna be, it's gonna be a lot of start and stop with everything and that's not gonna work well. Uh,
I was fortunate I could work from home for the most part anyway. Um, so that hasn't been like too big of a disruption. Uh, but like I keep in touch with a lot of my former professors and stuff and you know, there they feel like they've got no communication, very little reassurance from like the administration that happened, it asked for. Um So I think there it just feels like it's gonna be a mess, but I kind of agree with you that I think you got to try it and and see how it goes, but I worried it's just gonna get shut down, it's going to go right back to the virtual, but every teacher that I talked to, like I grew up with, they became teachers, I mean, they all just expressed nothing but frustration with the virtual learning and it just, it just didn't work at all, and especially living in an area that's not well off economically, relatively speaking, a lot of students just don't have the resources at home to study effectively virtually, and they're just worried about the students slipping even further and further behind. Okay,
so I just worry tremendously about the next few months and how it's gonna go. Uh
Yeah, we've got Chromebooks, whatever.
Two.
Or.
Well, my mama,
you know, she had students who the most normal parts of their lives were monday through friday
come and you know that before and did not have that now. Just just worry about their welfare uh a lot. So
Well I did a good job here uh you know, during the last few months of school, back in the spring with letting students come and pick up lunches and and stuff like that. They really did a nice job
with that. But you know, again, I know how long that can go home for. Uh
Have you uh you
enjoy the tennis coaching because I like to play uh play part time just whenever I can.
All
But
Urban
and
Carpal Tunnel something I worry a ton about. That's why I bought like a mouse that's supposed to, you know, prevent that and everything because I actively on computer. A lot worries that I've become an old man. I'm gonna get Carpal Tunnel and everything else
and try to be as proactive as I can uh about it. No.
Okay.
Uh If I have to I will I go over to a company over Greensburg, but I can do just about anything online. And you know, I think one of the trends that covid has exacerbated is a lot of people realizing that office space isn't going to be a necessity going forward. Now personally, I do kind of like getting out of the house and go and get to an office environment um if need be, but I've found that it works pretty well I think. Um but like I said, because I'm home working throughout the day by four or five o'clock, I'm ready to get outside and you know, go a walking trail or do something just to just to get fresh air just to just to be out of the house, I think. But uh you know, you read about like, uh you know, google's letting their employees work from home until like for like at least the next nine months or so, and I think that's just going to become, I think it's become a bigger trend. You're going to see even more and more people working from home that you have companies realize they can save a lot of money on office space going forward if they allow people to work from home. And I think a lot of studies are showing that people's productivity for the most part is not really dropping off any. I think this this might be here to stay for a lot of people,
but there
No.
Commercial real estate. No, not at all. It's also an interesting noticing just like my monthly budget, you know, just not going out to eat as much, not spend as much money on gas and that kind of stuff and it's really been a blessing and help me save a little bit of money. Uh Plus it's easier to do stuff like this uh from home. If I was in an office right now, I wouldn't be able to to do something like that to learn a little bit extra side money has helped as well. Uh So anyway, uh you have a favorite part of the seat if you like to visit her. All right.
The car.
I
did it all. I did it all the time growing up and as I've gotten over I don't care about going back uh as much if I go for a day or two I think that's probably about enough for me. Okay.
Oh yeah. Well the mountains. Absolutely.
boons like everywhere else. A lot of places though it's kind of grown beyond its capacity really.
I went a couple of years without going back up there and when I return and just seeing how much has changed in a short amount of time, just how much growth there is. Uh I don't know how sustainable. Um It is over the long term both of the university
area just grow and grow and just pushing the town out even further and further. At the same time. Nobody wants the the wilderness and all that to be disturbed. Uh It's driving up the cost of living and everything. Uh So it's it's kind of frustrating, but yeah, I mean I absolutely loved it up there. Uh If it was a bigger area with a better job market, I probably would have stayed up in that area, but for now I'm content to go up there and go hiking, you know, maybe once a month or something like that. But yeah, I'm very glad I went to school up there.
No, I'm not in the scheme, no. Yeah,
tried it. It wasn't for me. Uh I stick to the hiking uh for the most part I think
maybe.
Talk
to the
doctor. I
lived I lived up there for a couple of years
and
All right.
What
you got a franklin street now? And just compared to when my brother was in school, like how many of the famous like restaurants and shots there that have closed? It's pretty stark Anthony. Uh Just a way to stay exchanging. Uh But I mean I love the sea and would consider going back. But my gosh, when I consider the cost of living uh when I was up there, just written like a tiny one bedroom apartment versus versace here where I have a nice house. The pull the lower cost of living I think was too big of a plus for me to stay up there.
Well, I could
imagine a value on that just skyrocketed since he all that I would think
because I mean I still go up there fairly often and every time I go up there at the growth in the northern Virginia and even out really to west eastern west Virginia now I mean it's just constantly just building everywhere. I mean they never really experienced a recession like the rest of the country did, so it's just been nonstop growth. Uh huh.
Uh Have you have you been on prolific long time or?
But.
just a couple weeks ago I finally introduced my brother to it and he's like texted me constantly about how good it is, returning a little bit of extra cash and so forth. And uh it's honestly it's been even better since Covid started because there have been some longer term studies that I've gotten into that like pay pretty well. Uh So many uh like really the last three or four months I make about 100 bucks. Uh My mouth which is not a bad little for no
more than putting into it. Uh You know my internet bill and 1 200 things? It's
uh it's a pretty good deal. Uh But I suppose get frustrated. They're like if I get up to like get a drink or something and come back and yeah miss like a seven or $8 study just because of how fast they go.
they put the browser extension uh assistant all that but it doesn't sometimes they still go 2000. Doesn't matter.
Yeah. Well just with everybody at home were often now they're just going by. Even
I asked her. Uh
Well I think we are up on 25 minutes.
All right. Well
it
is
I wasn't expecting that at all. That's just a good surprise. I like that's all I've got to hear. A Southern accent.
All right. Well like what the teaching and everything. Hope it goes well.
All
You too.