Hey, how are you?
I'm doing fine.
And
is this the first time you've done this and actually had success, or?
Well,
yeah, I can understand that. The first time I did it, it was same for me, had three strikes and finally got through
to somebody. Yeah.
sure when I made my name is, Jim is good to meet you.
Good
night.
I'm going to get from your voice I guess. Are you a sudden or two?
Uh north Carolina? Really?
We're north Carolina, are you from?
One of the first capitals of the state of the colony in north Carolina.
Oh, that's true. Even time, Sorry. Yeah,
Yeah. The wrong one. Oh yeah,
Of Statesville, Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay. Yeah, it's changed a bit over the last few years and stuff and everything, but uh
I'm sorry.
Well, Mooresville is more than us, but it's getting here eventually, frankly, the leaders of our town and the northern end of our county kind of like to keep things the way they are. It's an interesting scenario. They want to see growth and they claim that and everything else. But we've had a lot of opportunities over the last three decades slip through because they didn't want to see too much change.
What?
You know
um I've lived here for most of my life actually spent eight years in Chapel Hill. Yeah
attended school there and then I went to graduate school there and then I don't know if you know where henderson north Carolina is East y'all? Almost due east I guess. Um I taught there for two years but because I was active in my church there in Chapel Hill I wanted to stay around so I drove there, I got an hour and 15 minutes. Both ways are each way to to work there. And then my wife and I lived in Columbia south Carolina for a couple of years.
But I won't.
it is, it's hot but it's, it's nice. Yeah,
I'm an education major in history and you know, so I've been doing that for most of my life. I actually talked two years at the Vance County and then you're tired and went to seminary. And
then even when I was before I took my first classes, I was having dreams from my students missing all that. So after a few seminary, I decided to go back for a couple of years and it turned out to be 31 going on towards 40 I guess now in that direction. So what do you do?
this
is
true.
And men of any of those, um in a while we had four kids. So that kind of kept us busy and I work in the school system but I actually have four or five different jobs I do in addition to teaching. I'm a tennis coach.
Uh Buzz for the system that wrote me into that and I teach driver education, you know if you're aware of her to Pearson education education, I grade portfolios for them online for student teachers. So anyway we don't be that way but
well I'm called to it so that's why I stick with it and. Uh huh. No.
Why?
Yeah our county is split with. We've got five high schools currently. Uh well kind of some others as well but five main high schools and south fire drills where I am. It's uh you know the two bigger ones along with Lake norman in Southern and we have experienced a tremendous amount of growth and we have an I. B. School that draws from the whole county there as well. So we, when the, when the county wanted to go back full time, I really miss the students. I'd like to see him frankly is not working online and it's not going to, if the state school board cuts our legs out from under us again by telling the students two weeks in, well you're gonna pass anyway basically.
Um, so uh, we are school, three of the county schools are going back two days a week and then one day virtual kind of half the student body comes in on monday, Tuesday, half on thursday, friday virtual day for everybody on Wednesday so they can scrub the school down.
Um, when our principal started investigating what that was going to require for us, he kind of figured out logistics are gonna be horrible. It was going to take two hours to get all the students into the building by going through the health checks we have to do. And so we kind of figured this is not gonna work out real well if you're spending two hours a day just filtering students through to get them into the classrooms
and no, they're, they're off on that. I, uh, I am a rare teacher who's kind of upset at my colleagues. It's kind of like, we got to bite the bullet guys. I mean, you know, we can't sit around doing this forever. We need to get it back to normal. This is, is terrible. I feel for those that have lost people with covid and stuff, but there have been a lot worse things in history to deal with than this. And uh, I don't know, there's a part of me that feels like until we actually go ahead and push through this, it's just going to drag out. I don't,
Now have you been placed in virtual kind of a virtual?
yes,
well for six years, we've been 1 to 1 county for middle school and high schools, we've had um, we've had apples in their hands where they take them home every day.
Yeah, we're kind of ahead the ahead of the curve there, but it's just not the same. You can't have the discussions. Um the students frankly didn't check in all of them, some
of them, the last time I saw them was the first day we did it, and then after that is they disappeared completely, but like you said as a driver instructor, when you go out and drive and you see where they live and so
if you want, your, could they possibly get anything done in that kind of situation. You wonder even though our county was able to get um, spectrum to come and promise they took up free wifi and everything for the people. You wonder how many people actually took advantage of it. And so I don't know. It's, it's a,
in the,
shoot.
Yeah. I had a young man that I had for my last period class of the day on Fridays. They always had him come, I dismissed him early and he would go and pick up a backpack full of food because otherwise he might not eat over the weekend asked think that way, but it's just terrible things that happens in our country. But
What?
Mhm.
What?
I like it. Um, I have not been able to play really regularly since I had surgery for carpal tunnel. Um, and that was part of a, my help kind of hills kind of melted down about two years ago in the fall and I found out it's kind of like taking a car to the shop that had been there and while they started finding all these things
wrong, you know there are one of them and I knew that I was having problems with, I couldn't feel things as well so that's still on the mend. But yeah I really enjoy coaching tennis. But when I first started doing it south it's been about 20 years now. Um I had to teach basically the kids I was getting which end of the racket to use. Uh huh. My fast one year what I wanted from a birthday and I said and number one I can't touch uh tired of beating my number one is an old man but uh with the I. B. School and stuff coming and we've had a lot of success so we've had a lot of victories but I've enjoyed the kids throughout the years,
spend a lot of fun seeing them learning sport. They can take and keep um you know, I played football basketball when I was in high school and
didn't want to start taking up tennis until the very tail end. I never played in high school but
then fell in love with the sport because you can still play that even when you get old. Yeah.
And
but it helps you feel any better about that. The doctor said mom was probably through vibration. Yeah. He says probably through vibration just driving that bus. They shimmy like through the wheel and just a lot of other things I've done in the past in terms of the kind of work I would do during the summer or whatnot. He said like that may have been the damage I got there. Plus just I guess it could have been from feeding tennis balls and stuff as well, but Mhm. But you're probably right.
And he said some of us just genetic too. I mean if you've got a narrow, gotta narrow opening there where your nerve comes through, you just can't be more prone to it. So maybe time. So you what's it been like for you as far as working, have you been able to go in at all or?
Yeah, I know. My son is a computer programmer.
Um He works in Research Triangle and there they told them originally you're just going to september, supposedly they're going back in september, but they're wondering, Got another son who graduated from college a little over a year ago, so he had a year under his belt just about when this happened. But his job he can do online and that he was doing it full time online. They've got them back in the office now and so I don't know how he's he said it's okay. I think he was enjoying being at home because he got married last year live. So this was
another chance to spend more time with his wife. Um She was able to do her job because she teaches E. S. L. And she could still still do that online. They figured out a way forward to do it. But I think you're right you're gonna be a lot of people decide and then cut a lot of overhead expenses by doing this. I would not want to be somebody invested heavily in office building right now.
I like the mountains two degree. My wife's from the mountains. Um frankly, I mean I kind of enjoy the Piedmont area where I'm from. If I had had my choice when we moved back from Colombia to north Carolina, I would have been in the, in a Chapel hill area because I love that you go to school, we kind of love it. I'm so glad I'm not teaching in the school system there. I think it would have driven me crazy having to deal with, you know, everything that you put up with in that area. Um, but I really enjoy that area. I'm not much of a beach person.
I enjoy taking a vacation here and after about three days I'm ready to leave,
But
I kind of like me and as soon as the States you can get the most place you want to go to stuff now. Did you fall in love with boom when you were there?
Because I've got
Yeah.
And
Well now we used gear.
We have a brother in law.
You
got a brother in law loves a boon and he graduated from out and then went to graduate school there later it was on the National Ski patrol for a number of years. He lived up there doing that, he didn't want to move away and finally he moved to Washington D. C. Work. He works
for the federal
government
at
yeah, he loves
it. Um He always talked about moving back to Boone, he's getting a retirement age and he was actually going to do it this coming spring and some of the people who is working with that he was having a hard time dealing with retired or got shuffled around. I'm not sure exactly what happened. But anyway he wound up getting a bump up for a promotion and he thought well I'll stay a couple more years for retire. He's always been his plan to move back to boom. I'm not sure if you want to do that now although um we've gotten so used to all the things you can see in D. C. And he enjoys food.
So you got a lot of different you know all sorts of food that he can get to and he's got a markets in the neighborhood you can walk to. So I don't know if you'll ever go back to it or not but you
can't go back home to a degree. I know going to Chapel Hill is not quite saying because a lot of the places we hung out in aren't there anymore,
well that's one of the hooks that's kind of got him there for a while to, he bought one of the row houses 16 blocks from the capitol. He's right down Constitution Avenue and he's got one of those row houses but when he got he got a good deal on it because it needs a lot of work and he had become kind of a handy man. As he said though, he's kind of got handyman 80 HD he'll start one project and then before he gets finished he'll start seeing something else, we'll start working on that. So he said until he gets everything put back together, he's not gonna be able to sell it move
woman.
I would imagine.
Mhm. They're very much out of touch with the rest of the nation in that area.
Uh My daughter introduced me to it, mm I guess around christmas time you said you might enjoy this. So she put me on to it and actually I have and like you, I agree with this teaching virtually it's gonna be different this time, but they told us get out of the buildings, you can't come in, we're teaching virtually consisted of getting your lesson plans up there, telling your students just email if you've got a question and basically being the Maytag repairman sitting around waiting for responses except for once a week when we would get twice a week excuse for an hour time where you have a doom and wait for people to show up for that if nobody shows up for her or the same person shows up every week and doesn't really have any problem with anything. But I found myself able
to do, clean out the garage, do this, that and everything while the computer is sitting there waiting on someone ask a question and do prolific all day long. So so enjoyable.
Maybe.
Lorien
Have you got this boy? Some of them disappear in a hurry. They are.
Yeah. Some I mean there are especially ones that pay real well there what I've seen pop up about I don't know 50 times and every time a punch on there is gone Islam. How could it be there? Uh You know how could it disappear? But it does have that happen.
True.
Yeah.
We sure we I think you're right because
we didn't reach them at odds
are getting my north
Carolina. That's pretty well.
Yes it is.
Oh we will.
And you take area.