I
how are you?
Good, where where, where are you right now?
The brisk, wow, I'm in New Jersey. Yeah, kind of by the beach. We're getting like a big storm all day today. It just ring them bringing buckets today.
exactly. It's coming up from that big hurricane that they had down
in the gulf. Yeah.
I don't really know.
Oh wow. So you were without power yesterday?
Well that's a good timing though, wow.
So are you from Nebraska?
Oh, that's cool. I've always been from, well I'm from new york, but like I live in New Jersey Mall, so I've always been from this area. Yeah.
Well, I'm
that's
the Nigeria
corporate out to Nebraska.
I'm really, wow.
You mean like the vegetation? But outside,
that's really cool. Usually they don't grow in the wild.
That's really cool. My daughter and I were driving down the garden state
parkway, which is like the main parkway in New Jersey and just last week and we saw like a bunch of mixed like wildflowers, but they, it was like somebody must have put them there at one point and they just roll because they were growing in this random place surrounded by grass and it didn't really make sense, but they were so pretty, there were so many varieties and colors and everything and we must have passed it like a million times, but this time I just happened to look over and see them, but it's cool. Nebraska is real cold right in the winter,
my God, the windy city.
Oh, that's
we don't get much snow anymore now here um we used to get a ton of it, you know every single winter you could bank on just having boots on like all the time. But lately the past couple winters have been very mild and really different. Really really different. Like I grew up skiing and doing all that and um it's just the snow is not there anymore, I guess it's global warming maybe. I don't know. It's
worry.
That's amazing when I I did um like two other live chats like this and wanted the other people was from Arizona, this was like maybe two months ago and pretty cool to hear like it was 100 and eight degrees at the time we were talking and it was really wild. She told me all about like the the animals that roam free out there and um it was just really cool to hear like you know how it was and she told me like about the vegetation and uh temperature range was just incredible and she said a lot of people didn't go out, you know, they mostly stayed in. So
yeah, she said it was a dry heat, but even so it was like brutally hot.
were clocking during like maybe august it was and she said it was just incredible,
incredibly hot.
Well
you
have
like
their
party.
well, I live
here,
I live near the beach, so we're pretty livable bores. But up north in Northern New Jersey, yes, there have been a big black bears spotted and they're coming closer and closer to the people. So it's getting kind of crazy. But you you hear stories like, you know, they'll be caught and they tranquilize them and bring them down and bring them to to a zoo and that type of thing. But they are becoming more and more comfortable with getting closer and closer to humans, which is kind of worry.
100%. And we have a lot of raccoons to a
lot of excellence and they're always out at night looking for things.
they're beautiful. Like the red fox. Yeah they're beautiful.
I haven't seen one in years.
Yeah. I don't know I I saw one uh in the daytime but it doesn't mean anything could have been rabid.
I love animals too, I just love them.
I do I have well I had two cats but now I just have one because one passed away but
she's
a little tiny Persian and she's 16 and she was a baby but she's she's she's with me right now, she's just real quiet But she's she's a bitty thing, she was only six lbs, her, you know fully grown and now she's down because she's older um you know some weight, so she's down to maybe a little probably about £5..
I always grew up with animals. Cats, dogs, every
fish. What about you? Do you have any,
correct.
Hello? And
Yeah, that would be nice to grow up with an animal. My three quarter grew up with animals and uh, they really love that. Absolutely.
And
she
can
help, you know, dump the food in the bowl, that
type
of thing, you know.
It teaches responsibility. It's really,
you know, and teaches so much empathy and caring and that type of thing. I just think it's a great idea, you know, for them to grow up with animals.
what?
let's in.
I want to know.
He gave him a little hamster funeral. Yeah.
One of my kids always had a beta fish. So they lived to be like,
well, our longest was three years, so which is pretty long for a beta, But we've had some burials
at sea with the beta. All right down right down in the bathroom, that type of thing. But we so attached to our animals, it's really hard to lose them. You know, when, when they get older and they go really hard.
This looks
cute.
Oh, they're related.
Oh, that's really cool.
they're so
new. They,
good company. Really good company. Yeah,
definitely. So is your daughter sleeping now or? Well, what time is it? It's not
okay. So it's sleep,
but
that's
good. That's until
two in the morning from, from that time. That's really good
At
7:30. That's very good too.
Oh, that's really good. I mean the kids really like structure, so they really do, but 7:30 AM. That's pretty good.
I
want
more engine. That's, I know, so
hard.
to other people. So easy. Oh my gosh, this pandemic is crazy. I am. I have three Children and my husband and everybody had something to do. So last weekend I drove to Connecticut to see my parents and my mom was like, well we do elbows now. So what she saw me instead of like a big hook. Okay, okay,
no problem. Here's an elbow. But it just felt kind of weird. You know, I hadn't seen them for a while and um, you know, I can understand they're being cautious or older, you know, it makes sense. But it just, it was kind of like, you know, kind of like sad, you know, that lets want everybody of hugs the simple thing. And I don't know how is it Nebraska, is it bad right now?
You
really like to hear it's creeping back up and it's getting really bad. And people who have had like, they just had jewish holidays in new york and it's liked like it spiked in hotspots all in Brooklyn, all in queens. It's incredible. Um, and the hospitals now are increasing their numbers. I see beds are being filled. Um, we were, you know, everybody here, everybody is pretty good about masks when you go out, even people walking. I mean, you really don't see anybody without a mask, which is good. But they're, you know, they started increasing like the percentages of people that could dine in, in restaurants and um, percentages of people that could go to bars, that type of thing. And they opened up the schools for only like two days a week. And all the schools that Didn't go virtual 100% that opened up for a couple of days. They've since all closed and they're closing week by week because there are positive cases in the schools. So I even saw on the news in long island that I think it was a long island that a teacher passed away.
I think that the teacher contracted it contacted it from a student. Oh yeah but your your husband's a college teacher. University.
Were you?
I
will. I know.
everywhere. I know my poor son is a freshman and he goes away
to school and it's just so different because there aren't those like barbecues where you can meet people and who doesn't have the activities and even like you can't eat in the cafeteria, you have to bring your food back to your room. And um like in the student center they have like a chinese restaurant and italian and pizza and all this stuff but you can't eat inside so they set up places outside. But now it's getting cold, it's gonna get cold. So he met fortunately he loves his roommates, great, we met him when we dropped him off and he met like four other guys. So from the beginning they've been doing everything together, they eat
together
to do things. But aside from that you can't meet people, you can't even make people going to class
because everything is virtual. So is it going to my parents? How different colleges, you know, they remember when I went to college and I said it's so different like him going to college, it's just, you know, and he can't get a little job on campus like he'd like to because um
nothing's open, like the student center where the athletics are done, that's not open, so it's just so hard to meet people and he's doing fine. He's very happy. He's in the honors part. He's really smart kid.
But um, aside from that ecologists, college life is so
different.
through,
it's
incredible.
Now
They did. They had to divide the class in half. Um, there were 225 people. They divided them in half and they had two ceremonies and the kids all sat six ft apart
on the football field. So it was so different, So weird. But at least they had closure. And before that, a couple weeks before that they had like a virtual thing, all the students had their senior pictures, like we all sat in the living room and watched, you know, him graduate just by a senior picture being flashed on the screen. But I said to him, you know what? You had part of your senior year, that was normal. At least you have heard that the kids this year going to see them, they start out abnormal and whom or what it's going to change if if it's going to change. So I, you know he counted his blessings and you know he's having a good year and what it's weird, it's weird.
pretty
good and
I should
be
angel and since
she's swinging, I'm sorry to interrupt you, she wanted
to be held so she thinks you're talking to her.
she shaded silver emerald guide. Yeah it's late for her. She's usually in bed by now. Mm
please.
You can't
terrific.
that's
good that that one on one time with her is so valuable.
You know it's just such a treat and enjoy every minute of it, enjoy it. I I loved it when they were little or blossom the best time. How are we doing time wise? I
okay. Cool. I know that. Did you ever do this before?
and
I did. Yeah, I did like two or three other ones.
I think
you can
do like
six of them total. Like
from the time they originated
months
ago. So Yeah.
I
know it's
very interesting, but I'm so glad to talk to you because the last person I talked to was a guy and he just spoke the whole time. Like it wasn't like a conversation. He
spoke
and spoke. He didn't ask anything. There was no like real life back to back interaction. It's like, oh my gosh,
yeah. I think he was nervous because he kept drinking, drinking, drinking this bottle of water and then he kept like itching his
head
and I was like, oh I wonder when they're observing him, what they're going to think, like, Yeah,
No,
well
have
fun
analyzing
everything. I know.
I think we're good.
Yeah, I think so, too. It was so like to meet you
thanks and be safe and be well,
thanks, bye bye.