Hi.
Good, how are you?
I'm in Nebraska. Where are you?
Yeah. Yeah. Is that coming up from a hurricane or is it um Yeah.
What?
we had a big storm here last night. I don't think it's related to any of that, but like the whole town was out of power for
and um like I was walking through the neighborhood today and like a bunch of trees were down and stuff so but yeah, not definitely not a hurricane, but something
it was last night at some point, so I was asleep because I went to bed really early. But
Um
I'm not um I let's see, I've only lived here for about a year and a half before I was living in Arizona and before that I was living in Chicago. So how all over the place? Yeah.
I
lived when I was little, I lived in um like the Hudson valley, uh in new york. Um like uh kind of near West Point, the military academy. I don't
know, it's
like yeah, I don't know, I'm trying to remember how old I was. It was a long time ago. Okay.
Um My husband's job um yeah he teaches at the university here, so we moved to the job.
Yeah, so it's kind of different um just like getting used. The most interesting thing is like all the plants are different here than any other part of the country that I've lived in.
Yeah, like different different things, it's like daffodils are like just growing wild, which is which is like crazy, right? Like I've never seen that. But
Yeah, I mean like someone must have put them there because they're like bulb plants, but they're just like all over on the bike path and just like all over town, like no one's tending to them and they just kind of sprout up.
What?
Um It's not too bad, I actually think that um the times I've been in like on the on the East Coast or like in new york or especially like New England, like the winters there are just so much worse because we don't have like lake effect snow or like the snow doesn't get bad so it can get cold. Um But it didn't really snow too much last winter. Um Yeah, or like even like living in Chicago like right on lake michigan, it was just like
yeah, it was like always just like super intense, so, but it's only I guess that last year they said that it was kind of a tame winter, so,
but we don't get we don't get like the polar vortex or anything like in the city here.
Damn. Yeah. Yeah. It's um trying to think, I was reading something, I was reading something recently that was like trying to project the changes and climate, like around the country and that like in how I forget the amount of years, but it was like in a certain number of years, the climate in like the midwest, like the Heartland is going to be more like texas, then
like it's gonna, it's gonna like start to like everything's gonna change, it's gonna get colder in some places and then it's going to get like, like it's just gonna change everywhere. But I can't remember where I read it. I just remember the picture of the United States was like, Well, and then when I was, I would love to move back to Arizona. But you know, if in like 2030 years they say it's, I mean like already in the summers in Arizona they have to ground planes and stuff because they're so hot, it's so hot there. They have to like, they can't fly on the tarmac or something, but.
Especially, yeah, During the summer,
everybody says that. Yeah, it's really um during this, it's like nine months out of the year there, it's absolutely perfect and then they're like the summer is just impossible. Yeah.
No.
Yeah. Yeah, I miss, I miss it there, but I don't miss the summers, so I don't know, we'll see.
What about in in New Jersey, don't you? I think I read that you
have
the highest black
bear
population
per capita, you know this, how do you like have a black bear problem in your
where you
live?
Yeah, I guess like food but like food waste is a big part of that too, right? Like if they like go in dumpsters and stuff, so it's like
yeah.
Yeah, it's not really, I've seen some foxes in this neighborhood, which is kind of cool. Um
and
I was really surprised I was driving when I moved here. I think it was driving it really early in the morning, so and I think they're nocturnal, I don't know if they're nocturnal or not, but.
Yeah, I guess I don't really know. I I feel like I I've watched a lot of animal documentaries and stuff, but I can't remember hearing any like having seen anything about foxes. So I I guess I'll have to look up about like do some research about foxes. Do
you have pets?
I don't
know.
Oh my goodness.
we
don't have any pets right now. I was when we moved here, we were thinking about getting a dog because we both had dogs and um we were in we were in school before, so we couldn't um it was just like not good because like if you have a dog you need to be able to spend time with it and go for walks and stuff, we didn't really have a lifestyle like that, but so we moved here and we were going to get one, but then I found out that I was going to have a baby, so
we were like,
we should get a dog and have a baby at the same time, because that sounds stressful, but but now, so now my daughter is six months, almost seven months old actually. And so probably when she's a little bit older, like when she can walk and starts to talk and stuff will probably get a dog. So
Yeah, I thought it would be fun if like if she's talking by then because then she could name the dog, which yeah, which
would
be
fun.
That's
true.
Yeah, as much as she can, but it's like
yeah.
Yeah, I remember um when I was a little kid, I remember the day that my hamster died like, and It was like it was weird because I know I didn't take very good care of it, but he lived forever. He was he lived like four years and
I think that they were it was not supposed to live that long. But I remember that day I walked past it him and his cage and I was like on the way to the bathroom or something. I was like seven or 8. And then I saw he like looked weird and then I was in the bathroom I was like I think he's dead. And
and then I had like a little hamster funeral for him. This was when I lived in um new york actually. Now remember
we buried him in the in the woods behind the house?
put him in a ziploc bag and a shoe box and.
Every.
What?
My mom um Now well she she she had three chihuahuas now she only has one but she started getting chihuahuas after I left home. So sort of like replacing the Children. But
then
she what does she do? She got one every, she ended up having three, so she got one every year but they were all from the same breeder, so two of them
were, two of them were sisters and the different letters and then the last one was like a niece I guess, but they were still like all from the same bloodline or whatever.
Yeah. Um So yeah my mom and then so my mom just pretty much to spend time with the dogs all the time. And then I think when the oldest one passed away maybe like four years ago now but she still like really it's like I can tell my mom like really misses that dog you know? But she lived and they lived for so long to I don't know
I don't
were like super territorial and protective and sweet you know? It's like
So.
Uh It's 8:15
for like an hour. Yeah.
So she we had dinner and then she usually goes to bed at like between like 7:15 and 7:30 and then it takes like half an hour or something for her to kind of really get to sleep. So she'll sleep probably until like 2:00 AM and then
want like
she's
Yeah. And then she's like she wakes up like clockwork at 7:30 every day. It's like I don't even need to set an alarm anymore these
days because
every single yeah, it hasn't always been um it hasn't always been like, like there were times where she just wake up all the time or she, you know when she was a little like really small, you know what I mean? But we've got a kind of a good routine now, so,
Yeah. Yeah. I can't remember. Um My mom was visiting, my mom's only met her twice because of the pandemic. You
know?
So it's like,
So,
but she's, she's come down, they live in Minnesota and they, they came down twice so far. And my and my mother was like observing the sort of like bedtime routine and everything. And I thought that we were kind of having like a hard time that evening. And my mom was like, she went to sleep so easy. I was like, oh yeah,
Cool. That elbow.
Well, so I guess it's how you qualify. Bad, but I mean, so I think there's only, I have to look it up. I think there's like, I don't know if there's a million or two million people in the state in the whole state, right? I think it's only a million people in this state. Um And all like half that population is in Lincoln and Omaha, like the two cities and then the rest of that is like scattered around everywhere. So um it's really not, it's not as bad as it has been in some of the bigger metropolitan areas. Like definitely like it hasn't, it's never gotten as bad as like Seattle or new york or like texas Arizona, like all the other places that sort of got bad later on. But the I don't know, some like the medical center just sent out something that was like we're getting back like people are getting so complacent that it's like spreading more and like all the colleges and stuff and so I think it's it might be it might get worse a little bit. But yeah, I don't know that's a long, this is a long way of saying like it's kind of normal and and like not, but
like
No, no.
and yeah, and he they they have been, you know, they're doing as much remote as possible
and you know, it's like, but even then they get at some point they had a student that tested positive and then like they had to, I don't know, it's just they've they've been trying to do as much as they can to be safe and it's just so it's so difficult because um it seems like that the administration or like the lot of the there are parts of there are people kind of higher up making decisions that are not that are only concerned about money, you know what I mean? And like
not
concerned about the well being of the health of the students and the faculty and the community also the community, right? It's like because it's not like people who are school stay in school right there everywhere, so
like
that's
good.
actually,
Yeah,
looks good.
I
just can't even imagine like that whole that whole class, like their senior years got so messed up and they
couldn't
even
like it couldn't even do anything,
don't we walk, did they have a ceremony like did you
what?
Yeah, it's been I sort of worry like I work, I worry
a little bit because
mean like she's
only
a seven fold.
my
you're trying,
you're adorable. Oh my God, look at those eyes, That's crazy.
man. Oh you're so sweet. Um Yeah, I mean like I mean I hope that this it all passes by the time that my kid is old enough to start remembering things, you know what I mean?
It's like it's been it's been hard because like we you know, I have like a new baby and we have like zero help and I can't like send her to daycare because
she'll get sick, you know what
I mean? So we're just like we're just hanging out, we watch a lot of Mr Rogers and
you know?
Hello?
I don't know. I think. Let me see. I think we have like two, maybe like one or two more minutes.
No. Well I was supposed to do one on like this weekend sometime, but then the other person never showed up. So this is my first one. Yeah. But it was so funny because because the first time nobody else showed up I was like, oh it's not real like it's not actually
because sometimes they do, you'll get like a like a survey or whatever that's just like oh and that's just a computer talking to you or something like that. Right? So um yeah you said you've done like like a bunch of these or like
I'm
just
going
back
four.
But you
know
Yeah. It's always so interesting to be like, what are you researching? It's like so it's like fine always to when they ask you in a survey, they're like, what do you think this what this study is about? And I'm just like, I have no idea, but
here's
guess.
I would
have gone.
That they're in endure. Yeah.
It
looks like,
Yeah. I think about this issue and like I'm touching my face and
like, you know, just like
on
my
strange
habits,
we'll go back, I think.
I think we're good.
Yeah. You too. I hope you have a good rest your night and that your cat does too.
Okay. You too.