Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. But yeah. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. It's okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Yeah. Oh I'm positive. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
Hi, nice to meet you.
I'm
from Los Angeles right now. How about you?
florida. You?
Yeah I know that. That's awesome. I never lied Hollywood
um never invented florida at all. But I do want to go there one day. I know like the Miami scene is always very popping and fun for partying and stuff. Clubbing. Is it your is Miami in your Hollywood florida?
I
want
to
go to Miami L. A. And see that club scene.
Oh that's awesome. Yeah I hear that one day like all my friends are they always go there every summer or so?
I don't know actually sometimes I just go to Vegas because it's closer and I'm
like more familiar with that I think. Yeah
but I do want to experience that one day.
Oh my gosh I don't know I like that it's so busy and that there's always something to do. There's like hiking and all these new restaurants that I like to try because I'd like to try new foods and I don't know all my family's out here, so it's always fun to see them, but like not through covid but before Covid I would get to see them a lot. Um But yeah, so that's why I like L. A.
Was it Lakers? I'm not sure.
No, not at all. Like sports
and
stuff.
Yeah, I remember reporting about on instagram, that's why and I know it's like it was a really big moment because you know, because of Kobe Bryant. So I remember just saying oh that's you know, it was like
we who
lost.
you go.
Oh. Oh yeah. The Miami heat. Right?
Oh my gosh!
Um I am, I am asian
How about yeah.
Oh cool cool. Have grown up in florida
aware in new york were you?
Oh cool I was
born but then I went my family moved to California because it's so cold like we can't we can't stand the cold.
Yeah I was born in new york but it's so cold, it's so cold. My mom hates the hates the cold especially since she was like in Taiwan and that's like really human and very hot so they just weren't used to the cold. So they
moved out when you like I think I was like three months old or something so I never got to experience in new york but I can say that I was born there, that's it.
Are
you
You're assuming like your supervisor, a person you work for
what
in new york?
I see. So you moved in your adulthood like before adulthood? Okay. I see,
you're wearing a blue shirt, Do I notice you're wearing a blue shirt as well?
That's
the same exact shade. That's funny.
Yeah. It's
like
in florida right now right? Because I'm pst time, pacific time.
Oh. Oh is there another hurricane that's gonna come through?
Oh my gosh, that's that's scary. I hear that there's like a lot of rain down there this year because I was speaking to someone in texas or something and they said that there was a bunch of rain and storms and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. And L. A. Is actually experiencing like below 70 degree weather which is really abnormal for us. Like usually we stay within like mid seventies, but now it's like sixties and I've never felt this cold in L. A. Yeah, like I never, I don't know I have all the windows closed and it's just so cold still. So I'm just hiding in the bathroom right now because like the room is so cold.
I just graduated so well I graduated not this year. Um like 2020, I graduated 2019. So I've been out of school for a year now.
Um No I went to U. C. L. A. And this is like U. C. L. A. Street that I was
mentioning. Yeah
I want
what
like,
you know,
I'm so bad. I like all that math and science stuff. I really like like public policy and stuff and so that's what I was trying to get into just to be able to like shadow a politician or something. But it's, I don't know it's area.
you, you me like a bunch of people like in any range in every school, you know, it's like a really smart people self, you know, it's like everyone could be averaged. Some people can be average there too.
Yeah, I graduated 2019. Yeah. How about you ready to go to school?
We're
in
it.
Oh, and the university of florida. Oh, cool. Cool.
That's very cool. Did you, did you get to have like a lot of experiences and how far, how like, how like long ago was that?
Uh, sorry. Sometimes I can't really understand you.
Oh, really? You don't look, you don't look like that.
Like 30s or 40s.
Look
how
I think I'm a perception of like how old people should look because my dad, he like aged really fast because he was always really stressed. So even when he had like 50 or so like he's like, he's like a lot of wrinkles already and stuff
up.
You got me by what?
Oh yeah. I'm like that. I'm guessing people's ages because like the only people
that
no.
Hi. Sorry.
Uh Yeah. Uh huh.
Yeah. It's anything. Exactly. Yeah.
How
about
you
occurred? I never I never really know about other people's science, but I know about like water signs. They're like really kind of sensitive people.
Are you also water is Aquarius water?
I feel like I feel like I'm very like if someone says something in the wrong tone or something, I'll catch that. Even though it's like really subtle, like a subtle change.
Yeah. I think
water times are like that. Like they're very conscious of everyone who speaks and like everyone around them. Yeah. Mhm.
And but I don't really know about like whatever, like moon, moon rising or like moons water like when people say like oh I'm a rising sun or something like that, I don't I don't know what those are, do you know what those are?
I know like my my friend she's like really big on it, she said that it had something to do with the time you were born or something like that and like all these different factors when you're born. So it's like you can have you can be a pisces but be arising something in a different sign.
I never really understood. Yeah
I kind of believe in like the science and and uh you know like believe that actually people kind of aligned with those same characteristics.
Yeah very true like
oh um yeah I don't know who pisses match with but I don't really understand like who's who pairs well with who. I just like to look at my my own site and sometimes it's fun to like see what is pisces expecting this week And you know those magazines that they just right like anything or I don't know if it's true or not or how they figure those things out. Just like reading them because it's like the
health of your day today. It's like it's like seven no eight over there right in florida eight p.m. You know
Barely five camps. So like really early in the day still. Yeah. How was your day today? I know it's veterans Day that you get like salad. Did you celebrate or like do anything with your your new family? I think. Think
birthday. Did you did you get to like see her or at least virtually. Okay. No.
And it was nice it was nice to like what you guys do for her birthday. Did you just have like a dinner or something? Mm
That's very sweet. How is it? Um
Yeah my dad, my dad is like 60 something. So. Yeah.
No no I just I feel like I'm still really young. Like
I still feel like a baby because I don't know anything about the adult life. Like I don't know anything about taxes, I don't know anything about buying a house. But I still feel like I'm really like a baby basically like a child. I got to learn about all that stuff. It's creeping on me because I know like once I hit my thirties I had I need to have like a car. Like I need to have a down payment on a house or something like that. It's so scary.
I can not afford it. I'm writing a public bus right now. I'm using my life. Yeah it's hard and I hate driving in L. A. It's like so scary. People can be really aggressive and um like I don't know I spend a lot of time on facebook watching those like car accident videos where people have the dash cam. So it scares me a lot when I'm driving because then I'm thinking at any moment one of those things can happen to me even though I know it's like a highly unlikely like like you have a very low probability of experiencing
something.
Well um sometimes I drive so when my sister's visit or something that they lend me their car and they want me to drive somewhere, I'll usually drive it but I don't have a car here in L. A. But um sometimes when people want me to drive their car I'll drive it. But yeah, every time I drive I get really scared and nervous because I watched too many of this accident videos on facebook. It's true. Yeah.
You
know what
I think I did. Um And that's probably what triggered this like fear of driving because before I would be really confident in my driving. But one time in L. A. There's like this really winding bend around new Zealand where um you have to like basically hug the side of where the drive race because like it's like only a two lane road um going like two lanes for one way and like on one side it's like really nice houses and like those big houses but the mailboxes are really close to the street so it feels like you're about to hit them just because it's like so close. And then the other side of the road is like, like it's like the whole road is winding down a hill. So I remember like I was beside a big rig or something and then I felt like I wasn't hugging the side where I was because I was on the right side to close. And so I tried to edge out because I felt like it's going to hit a mailbox, I was really close to the side and then right when I edged out, I could see out of the corner of my eye, like the big rig coming right there. So I felt like right when I jutted out to the left side is like when he was about to hit me, but I quickly like dashed back inward and I was afraid I was going to hit the lawn because I was like, it was curving too. So I felt like once I did that and then I reacted really fast and then I just like immediately swerved to the side. But it's just so scary because it was like everyone was going really fast and it was a winding road and after I hit the curve to and I got really scared after that I felt like I couldn't drive. Yeah.
I work in L. A. But thankfully I live like 15 minutes away from my job so it's really convenient and sometimes I just take the public bus because it's like really nice plus parking at my job. Like you actually have to pay for parking. They don't give it to you for free. Which is so sad. Yeah.
Oh there um like you actually have to pay if you want to park at my workplace so it's not given to you even though you spend like eight hours a day there for them and they don't give it to you for free. I guess they all universities are like that just because like parking is so limited.
Yeah. No I don't I don't drive but I'll sing. Another reason why I don't have a car is because like you have to pay for parking anyway. Yeah.
Yeah it's like 100 a month. Yeah
I'm in human resources right now. So I work for the university in their academic personnel office. So any time of professor I like do professors merits or promotions if they want to raise or something, they usually go through our office. Yeah.
It's like a lot of document reading. My eyes are burning. Like every time I get off work because I'm just staring at a computer screen reading really tiny print all day for eight hours. So
Oh no I don't like rock but I like hip hop and rap and R. And B. Yeah. How about you?
But whether
there
what
are your favorite?
I was
going to ask. Yeah. Her favorite dance.
I've heard of um Coldplay and the first one you said.
Yeah there you go. But I think I'm thinking like one or two songs like the popular ones but quickly I like a lot. They're really really great band. All right.
Um I like um you know I don't really follow a particular artist I guess if I had to choose like I like the like the popular ones like drake or ASAP Ferg and just listening to like upbeat Salt.
True. Yeah.
Oh no I don't think I can sing. And
which one
club going up on it to say that I yeah I remember that one it seems like so long ago and like Hotline Blame is a big one from them, but that seems like an ages ago that those songs came out. It's crazy.
Oh my gosh. Yeah. And all those dance challenges that used to come out of it, like people would post themselves dancing to those things and and like there's one that was really dangerous for their, they would like film inside of a car and then the person would be dancing on the side of the road with the car moving. Do you remember? Yes,
You don't remember it? I figure
out what song it's like, oh my God, I forgot what it was like a drink song and it went viral. The challenge and it was really dangerous because your car is in motion and then no one's driving in the driver's seat because they're outside on the car against a couple of accidents, which got a lot of screaming from people like they're like, it's so dangerous. Stop doing that
good.
mushrooms.
Well.
Mhm. What is it? Is it like a subscription service? I
hire something?
I
know what you're talking about, like live streaming twitch and stuff. Um
Yeah. Oh my gosh, you can get really rich off that. It's crazy like this.
Yeah. And some people can make that in like a day, Just streaming for eight hours on end. It's crazy. Like the really high, high, high earning gamers, like the just
crazy.
Oh my God, I think I've heard of that one, but
heard of her, but like one that is like really aggressive and he plays the league and it's just 20 to watch him like rage quit all the time. So that's why people subscribe to him. Like he's his language is so abusive and it's it's like always raging in there. I mean how do you
I mean how do you not have high blood pressure outside? Like it must be off off the charts because like he's screaming all the time. It's crazy.
Oh, my name's Kelly. How about yours?
David? Nice to meet you. Yeah, my name is kelly. Mhm.
Yeah. Do you have any siblings?
I have six sisters and one brother.
Six sisters.
No, I'm not kidding.
Uh No. Wait on one hand, what do you mean? Like it be like this? So it's diana nancy Helen.
thank
you.
Well,
but yeah, it's a lot were kind of close in age range to like your you and your sister, are you and your sister close? Because like you guys grew up only one year apart. Oh
I would say that we're close to because like, we're only like 1-2 years away from each other. Well, like not me and the ones that are really far from me and age, but like between each other, it's like one or two years, so it's really nice to grow up with that support system and it's like a guaranteed friend, you know, like we cannot be your friend.
Thanks you too.
Does your sister also live in a florida Hollywood?
Oh, very sweet.
So yeah, 33 lap use and cornices. That's so sweet. Do you get to like spoil them? I don't know like, I feel like me and my sisters are so young still and so I can't even imagine any of us with kids because we all still feel like Children, even though like the old, my oldest sister's thirties almost thirties. She doesn't like she's not she's not dating or she doesn't have a child yet. So it just feels weird like I don't know when like I'd be able to become like an aunt and people. Yeah. But it's probably really nice to like see the babies all the time, See the Children all the time. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh I am dating but I met my sisters, my older sister, my second oldest one is that it's like I still feel like we're all Children. You know, I don't know when I become an aunt but it would be really cool. Do you get to like see them all the time? Your nieces or nephews?
Do you miss them because of like Covid and stuff? You can't really see them?
Um I am definitely worried. And it sucks because like I wanted to see my family for thanksgiving but I think I'll just have to spend alone in L. A. Because my family lives like a one hour and a half away from me, like from Los Angeles. Um but yeah I think it's too risky because my dad was like 60 something. My dad is like 65.
Yeah. I do. I moved out from my house. Yeah,
so
it's for school and then I graduated and I've just been living here ever since because it's easy and my job is near. Yeah so I moved out like for college. So I've been away from home like for five years now. But it's been nice. I feel like you get more independence. I like it. Yeah. But some of my sisters are still living at home and it seems like they like it too because like you can save a lot of money living at home since it's like red is so high in L. A. It sucks.
Uh Six sisters and one brother. Yeah.
Yeah.
No. That's okay. Yeah. My bird is the youngest and he just went off to college. So it's interesting to see how they're like doing all that through covid. They have to get test because he lives on the dorm. So they have to do mandatory testing twice a week. No slob. So unless.
Yeah. My name
Yeah. Yeah.
That's funny. But yeah, my brother was saying that they have to do covid testing twice a week. And have you ever done it before? It's like the nasal swab, right.
Yeah. Isn't it like it hurts so bad, right.
Yeah. Like make your eyes immediately water,
Where?
Wait.
I'm
getting.
my my donna,
Wait, I don't know what you're talking about. I'm getting really scared.
this thing later.
This, this is my toilet, not my toilet. My towel rack.
You scared? Because I was like, there's nothing behind me. I was getting really scared.
That's all right. Because I'm hiding in my bathroom. It's so cold outside.
there we
go.
Because like there's just trend on Tiktok where they say they're your like so mature, like video chatting with someone and then your friends will say, oh my God, what's behind you? Like look behind you just to scare them. Right? So
I thought,
yeah, but I thought you meant like the door was open and someone is peaking and I got really
what's behind me? Oh, my God. Because like the Tiktok trying to, everyone's doing that to their friends to scare them. But I'm glad it was nothing. Oh my God. That scared me a lot. Thank
you.
That's okay. That was just really funny. I was like, wait, what? Because I talked liking that someone was kicking in the doorway right there.
Oh my God. Yeah. That would be really scary. Uh huh.
Um, no, but I just like, my family sends me a lot of their videos because they're really big on Tiktok. They really love doing all the dancing challenges that I think I'll get too addicted. Like I already spent like eight hours a day just watching Youtube videos and stuff up. It's like really bad. If I think I get, if I get Tiktok, I'll get, I'll get hooked. Mm hmm. Yeah. But I know it's like really fun. I've seen like a lot of Tiktok challenges, like dancing ones and all these different things.
Yeah. It seems pretty fun if you have instagram, I think it's similar to that. Okay.
And
Oh yeah, I set my timer just to make sure that we don't like, um, log off before the 25 minute mark just in case. Yeah.
so
you're
just be counting down together? What's funny? Is this your first one ever?
Oh, cool. Um, they actually had a different round before this one. So I participated in the one previous of that and I think I met four different people using in that round and I met like someone from texas, someone from las Vegas, someone from new york and one from like Maryland. So it's really cool to meet everyone from like us.
Um, you know, the first one was really quiet and it felt like I had to get, I didn't use a lot of energy to get like a conversation going, find like a common point. But the other ones were really nice. We just talked about like Covid and the weather and things like that because that one was from new york. So it was like super cool back then I think. And Covid was so new to so we were just like sharing about our thoughts and our feelings. So it's nice. And the other remember like the one in Las Vegas? It was like the most brutal what I've had and it's like, I'm talking about this, I feel kind of bad, but it's like, it was like just I think I was just tired that day, you know? And I didn't want to like exert too much energy to so I was just like going to let him leave and I was just, you
It's like,
I've been out here since May of this year.
You know,
I love you prolific. How about you? Is this, are you just 30?
That's amazing. Yeah. Make sure you felt about me and you don't, do you have android or if you have an iphone,
that's perfect because they have an app that notifies you every time there's a prolific app. I mean a prolific survey.
Yeah. Yeah. If you do really well and you're like really on top of it, sometimes I get lazy, but if, if I'm like not too busy at work, then I'll just a cop on immediately. But yeah, 100 sounds about right. It sounds really good. Yeah.
That's amazing. Because I think like that's extra money to put towards like eating out or like going
to clubs or whatever your hobbies are.
Yeah. I love sushi, wow.
Uh would you sing?
Uh, do you like sushi?
What do you, what is your preferred
type of?
And I couldn't watch him. Like seafood is really fresh since you live so close to the coast. Yeah. That sounds
like
pretty fresh too. Yeah. But yeah, if you have android, my sister's love the prolific ass. So it's like really easy to like, right when, right, when there's a new survey, they notify you through the app and then you just help on. Mhm.
The best app.
Do you have the political map?
Okay. Yeah. Uh They just like the app just because it's like really fast. It's like immediate notifications. But yeah.
don't take it through the app. It's just like a notify their, it like kings whenever there's a one. So it's really cool. You'll get like all of them probably like increase your $100 a month to like 1 50 or something. It's really a bit. I think so because like my sisters, they have their prolific happened every time there's a new one. It dings on their phone. So it's like they are able to get it immediately. That's where the prolific service goes up fast. I feel like Andrew Andrew uses have to notify really quick but it's not available for iphone so I can't really use it. So I just use the google chrome extension. Yeah, that was really, that was really nice to if you get that one, it like notifies you immediately. Like there's a there's a voice that comes on that kind of scares me. It's like no one knew prolific survey available or something like that. It's like, you know like right under here, I'm like, like startles me because you're you're all alone and all of a sudden there's like one new politic Cermak. It's like this really monitor which just scared. It scares me all the time.
Yeah, but I'll let you get on with your evening because it's like eight PM there. You're probably like needing to, you know, get ready for bed.
No,
no, it doesn't stop automatically. It stops when um like you guys did the both people decide when to stop it.
Yeah, I think it's been like 30, 30, even like 30 because you hopped on like right at 502 or 50502. So I think it's been 33 minutes.
Well, just
remember.
No, it's just because right after like five minutes um to wait for your partner. So I was like, thinking that you weren't gonna show up because it was like five or two. But then I was like, oh, you just made it in time because it was like two minutes, not five. Yeah.
No, no you weren't late. It's just like after right at five or five I think they don't they don't like expect you to stay and wait for around. Yeah, but I hope you have a good rest of your night and I hope that the rest of your like prolific partners are really great how
we
gonna
mess
up
by?