SPEAKER_L: Honey. I'm not Oh yeah, okay. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me and see me?
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you and I can see you
SPEAKER_R: Perfect.
SPEAKER_L: great. And I presume the same goes the other winning. Great.
SPEAKER_R: they're often. Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hello, do we just start this? I'm not quite sure exactly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it doesn't, it doesn't look like they want us to talk about anything in particular. So I think we can just start it said there was going to be a timer. I don't see a timer anywhere. Do you see a timer?
SPEAKER_R: There is a timer if you look on the the prior page, the one that had um the instructions I think if you scroll that to the bottom of that it has a
SPEAKER_L: mm,
SPEAKER_R: um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: don't see it, but I trust that it's there.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Well that's excellent,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: excellent.
SPEAKER_L: don't see, I don't think, you know, as long as we can make sure that yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And I tell you what I will set we've got meet at least 25 minutes right I will set it on the iphone and let it go ding so
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: that we're perfect. Um
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, sounds good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh. Mhm. All right. I think we're good. Hopefully.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. So what, so, uh, I'll just ask what time zone you're in, what time zone are you in?
SPEAKER_R: I mean I'm in central
SPEAKER_L: So am I,
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: Chicago land area?
SPEAKER_L: No, I'm in Minneapolis, which,
SPEAKER_R: perfect.
SPEAKER_L: you know, some people might consider broad Chicago land.
SPEAKER_R: I live in Chicago because I have nieces and nephews in Madison and the twin cities. So I
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: do consider it Chicago land but at a
SPEAKER_L: totally.
SPEAKER_R: distance.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um, are you from, are you from there originally or
SPEAKER_R: No, no, I grew up in the boston area
SPEAKER_L: uh, I was actually, I was born in boston. Um, yeah, I grew up in Pittsburgh and I went to college here in Minneapolis and well I went to college and ST paul uh
SPEAKER_R: I never left,
SPEAKER_L: and never left yet, um but my dad is from Wisconsin, so uh yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Did you
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: manage to squeeze in on the uh in state tuition thing with the Wisconsin?
SPEAKER_L: no, I did not, I am I uh in fact, I I went to Pittsburgh, I grew up in Pittsburgh and in Pittsburgh public schools have a really nice uh Pittsburgh promise, you know, they give you a certain amount of money, if you, for all public school students, they had, I don't know what it looks like now, my, my brother, my brother also, Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: got it, so he mom, I don't know um uh but nope, I didn't do that, uh um how are you doing today?
SPEAKER_R: um it's been a it's been a sort of a rough day so I'm and I'm actually glad you showed up, you're my second attempt that Yes,
SPEAKER_L: I'm glad, I'm also glad I showed
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: up,
SPEAKER_R: how are you doing today?
SPEAKER_L: I'm okay. I am, I, you know, I haven't been sleeping super well, which I attribute 100% to not exercising enough um which we'll not 100% but you know, I just and I and I yeah, I need to do that, but so I've got like the past few days have kind of been feeling weird, but uh it's my dad's birthday tomorrow, and I'm putting together a song I've been working today um on uh we're putting a song together, my suddenly two siblings and I'm uh taking some Carole king. I my original vision weeks ago was, wouldn't it be awesome if he's turning, he's turning 60 and and we were like, oh, it's a nice round number, wouldn't it be cool if we like? Yeah, well there's lots of cool things you know, that you might want to do for something up for, for any sort of uh number birthday, but but we were trying to because because he was born you know that means he was
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: born
SPEAKER_R: he
SPEAKER_L: in 1960
SPEAKER_R: made,
SPEAKER_L: was born at the beginning of the decade and we're beginning of a decade decade now. And I was like wouldn't it be cool if we could do a song that came out every decade that he that he that he has been alive and I still want to do that, but for various reasons we really just are going to have just the one song. Um uh so it's carol Kenyon um which was the first record that he bought himself um in 1971. So he was 11 years old, he went to the record store and he bought himself Carole King's tapestry. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Very cool. Very.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah so we just so we just you know we're in different parts of the country and we we all like recorded different things and so I've been doing a lot of that assembly today.
SPEAKER_R: Even if you guys were right next door to each other, you probably would have done exactly the same thing. Not like you didn't, you weren't at any disadvantage
SPEAKER_L: Right. Well yeah it's like it's yeah
SPEAKER_R: this study,
SPEAKER_L: yeah it's it's I've kind of like the uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: the sort of quarantine excuses saying like, oh yeah I know you can do whatever you need to do just over over the internet or like um I mean you can't but you also, I don't know, I think you can.
SPEAKER_R: I think you can do a lot more than people do and a lot less than people think they can do.
SPEAKER_L: That's a that's a great way to put it. It's the sort of it's yeah it's like it's just everything is it's different but it's like I'm not saying I'm sure that you've had many conversations like this too. It's like what's the difference between live conversation and zoom conversation and there's lots of differences but they're interested. I don't know, there's interesting things about it. What's what's your experience been like? Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um So I am, I've taught for a while and I teach negotiation mediation things and and so I'm not a big fan of this, I mean I'm more of a fan of seeing someone's face than not seeing their face because you can get a lot of information that way, but I do tend to think there are certain things that work better in person um but they're not optical, so, you know, I mean this is a good, I mean, I don't know, I think that um I think people are starting to at least get used to it. I think the first couple of weeks were really, really rough um and you know, everyone was like, I don't know how to do this, I don't have a log in, where are you again, which, you know like, and I think they've sort of got, you know, they sort of figured out zoom and they figured out a couple other things and so that's better. But you know, it's we'll get used to it and the like balls and dislike some things I guess.
SPEAKER_L: yeah we can kind of take and leave. what, but there is, I'm, I mean there's so much, there's so much that much that could change long term given what people take from this is, I'm not saying anything, but like there's a lot that could change, yeah, that could change long term based on what people are kind of learning about what can be done online just by necessity because um which we could go a lot of different ways I think, but uh
SPEAKER_R: I think, you know, I think that there are things that change currently. I think we'll end up being surprised at how few of them stick. Because I think uh I think we're just we always when we're in the thick of it think, oh, this is the new normal, but the pull of the old normal is always so great. Um But we'll see, I don't know, it's um it's fascinating times we live in here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, totally. I have, I have a friend um who's almost finished with undergrad and he's been slowly working his way through undergrad for the past 10 years and uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it's really exciting that he's almost finished and the there are many reasons for that, but part of it is that he has a number of disabilities that um uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and he's been really like he's been really and he's one of the major
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: sort of outspoken disability advocates um uh
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: on that campus and um and in my life. Um and he has talked about like the sort of how he had been told how he had, he said such a hard time and he had to take so long partly because he feels like things aren't being made accessible to him. Um uh and they're told he's told that, like, think that this isn't possible or that isn't possible. And then now of course, all of these schools are putting up just exactly those accommodations for everyone and saying no, it'll be fine. And he's really sort of bitter about that, but also hoping that it will be, I mean less of an excuse for disabled students in the future.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think it will do that. I think that will help a lot because because the bureaucracies always respond with no that's like their reflexive response. And so universities, most universities are kind of whether they're private republic are big bureaucracies, they get stuck doing the way they're doing and and this will make it harder for them to just reflexively say no when you say well you managed to transfer 24,000 students onto the system in two weeks and you can't do it once for me in six months from now. You know that. Yeah. So but also it's a different it's a it's a different way of teaching and it's a different way of learning and so will be interesting. I think this class is um especially the folks that are graduating this year, they really are, I think they're going to struggle with having lost sort of the end of their time, unfortunately.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. Well, I was, yeah, I was I was a music major um in college and I still have a lot of friends um there or elsewhere my brother's musician to um who are uh very sort of performance like performance heavy. And I had I had actually a pretty dear friend who's she's a musician about town as well as finishing her time at school. And I was really, really excited to go to her recital at the end of March. And it was first, it was like, like, like what do they, I don't know what if there's a word for it, like, but post tentatively postponed or whatever, it was like what's going to happen, but uh and then all of these seniors who are still going to graduate, but we're supposed
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: to graduate with a big performance. That's a big part of the their thing and they just don't get to do that. And I just really that's just that's that's really painful.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's it's hard, it's hard seeing people who worked really hard not get that recognition and you know, not get that chance to really show what they've done. But it's um but I've actually been surprised, I've been surprised at how quickly most universities have have moved on this. I think they were much faster. Um then I thought they would be,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They were and they
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: were faster
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: than
SPEAKER_R: going
SPEAKER_L: most governments to in a lot
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: of ways. Um I think it is my perception at least. Um.
SPEAKER_R: I think that's probably true. I mean it's it's um I think I think different governments handled it very, very differently. I think I think there's going to be interesting stuff done on what people did and didn't do and what countries did this and it worked and what countries did this and it didn't and you know, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. That's yeah that's true. That's um yeah I've been watching I've been watching not as much as I used to but I've been watching a lot of dr john Campbell on Youtube. You watched his videos at all?
SPEAKER_R: No I don't think so.
SPEAKER_L: He's so great. He's this very very kind um sort of um mild mannered british man who worked as a nurse for a long long time. Um And um and got his PhD in like education or something like not an education but like he was focusing on making like since the nineties he's been making educational videos for nursing students and other sort of medical people who want to um learned that kind of thing or get better at that kind of thing. And he started and in january he started making daily videos on the covid stuff and he was like and he was and he kind of he's at this point he's like I've been saying this and now finally people are listening like not listening, not even listening to me, but he's just been like, but he just every single day he says here's what people, different governments are doing and here's what different um whatever you're doing and here's the data that we have reported. And he gives it in a nice like the videos have gotten longer over the, you know, months that this has been going on. But yeah, like you used to be like, you know, like 15 minutes and you can kind of cover what's happening in the world with this virus and now it's like two half hour parts of video. But he's but he's so like especially at the very beginning, it was so um sort of reassuring to me. Like it was he had such a great sort of bedside manner of uh huh. Uh just like here's what's happening. It's not good but it's going to be okay or like, like it's not it's not good and I hope that it will be okay. But at least now you know what's happening and you can have all the information you can have. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, hopefully. I mean it's it's just it's frustrating when there's information out. There isn't either isn't being followed us and being paid attention to and you know like and then you get to like how did we know? It's like well it was there, you know like that's always frustrating.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. What do you have any particular examples of that are like? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I could do it in two words but I might offend you. I don't know president trump to word.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm I'm with you.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's just frustrating you know? Um I think that you know there's a uh there's I mean there is science to certain kinds of things, right? I mean it's not necessary. There's art in there too. But it's you know there is some science and epidemiology is a science and they really do you know, they struggle to have the exact answer at the beginning, just like the rest of us. But you know, they're they're ways to to do this and it's just frustrating sometimes when it's it feels like you know it's always frustrating when seems like someone has the best information or best options possible but they don't take advantage of them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I'm very I'm honestly I'm a lot of different levels of baffled at kind of how this was handled by the US government at the beginning at the beginning because it seems pretty clear that there was that they had a lot of information that they very much didn't act on the federal government that is like and oh my gosh, the the idea that we had a pandemic response team and then he fired them or like, you know, a while ago, he was like why would we need that? Of course. Uh Yeah, DeCourcy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well you know the problem is that it's often you know people often get frustrated with government and you know and government is expensive and you know it can be big and it can be slow and all of that but there are certain things that government just can do in ways that others can't, you know and this is the kind but to do it like you have to prepare for disasters every year even though you hope there won't be disastrous every year, right? You know, So, um, and you learn from each disaster you learned from Hurricane Katrina, You learn from, uh, september 11th, You learn from each of these things, different things that you sort of build into this, uh, this sort of well of knowledge. Um, and then if you go and sort of like dismiss all of that, you end up losing all of that, that knowledge, all of that learning and all of that preparedness. Um, and so it's, and it's too bad really because there's, you know, you know, I mean, I think every, every government that looks back at what they did will see things that they did well and things that they didn't do well. Um, but you know, it's, it's a shame when, you know, something was known, it was thrown away and then, you know, you have to relearn it again. Well people get,
SPEAKER_L: Right. Our weight. I never know if this is me or the other person. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: hey
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: I have no idea, I just refreshed and now you're there. I
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: was, I just felt in the we had technical difficulties things. Did you do
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: the same?
SPEAKER_L: I didn't I just waited. What is what is the thing, what did it say? What was the, what was that we had difficult, What did that say?
SPEAKER_R: So when you go to that back to the other page and you click next, it brings you to the, did you complete your chat? Yes. No,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I see.
SPEAKER_R: so I don't know do we try to complete it now and see? Um we've got about 10 more minutes and it's a
SPEAKER_L: don't I don't
SPEAKER_R: I agree.
SPEAKER_L: mind this doing 10 10 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah why not? Perfect. I'm going to reset a town with timer and uh that'll be great.
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: Um Mhm. Okay so it may get you may get a message that because I didn't know whether you went out or I went out and we both went
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: out so
SPEAKER_L: I yeah I also
SPEAKER_R: I didn't
SPEAKER_L: yeah I don't know um
SPEAKER_R: So where were we? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well I don't know where we were, I'm sure it was somewhere interesting. Um But I wanted to ask but I wanted to I sort of dog eared it or whatever to to ask you because you mentioned that you just to ask you about this because I thought it would be interesting. Uh You said something you you can tell me without me asking the
SPEAKER_R: Did
SPEAKER_L: question but you said something
SPEAKER_R: you get
SPEAKER_L: you you
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: do or used to do something about negotiation or um something.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so I so I I was a law school professor for a while and I taught negotiation and mediation and dispute resolution in general. Um So and I mean you know negotiation is done more and more um from across the world and so there's a lot less in person stuff than they used to be. Um And and mediation especially um you know I do a lot of work with the with the family mediation and you know once you have um once you divorced parents who moved to other states, you know they still need to deal with all these issues and sometimes they need help, but it's hard to do, you know, they don't get to do it in person anymore so um yeah, so it's a it's a really area of interest of mine, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that makes sense. I've not I've um like like are you like
SPEAKER_R: Well, thank you.
SPEAKER_L: do you like I just I just want to know like what like like or not just want to know, I want to know all kinds of things but like is that you say family mediation? Like who like how do you how does one get into a position of being a family mediator? Like I don't know
SPEAKER_R: Um Well in in Illinois, under Illinois law, you are a mediator. If you hold yourself out as a mediator. So your so your your hairdresser has all sorts of licensing things they have to go through or your barber
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: or your massage therapist, but to be a mediator, you just have to say, hey, I'm a mediator. And um the way you really do it, I mean most mediators are either because they don't have to be, especially in the family, they're either attorneys, some experience in family law for their uh therapists or psychologists who do sort of family Children that kind of work. Um And it's really just kind of, you know, it's a sort of a word of mouth kind of thing. Um Lots of places, the courts require you to do some to try to settle things outside of the court for families, especially for issues with kids and parenting plans and stuff. Um so, you know, you started to get some training or volunteering and then you can just kind of connect into folks and they, you know, the same attorneys are the same courts will often want to use the same person over and over again because they know them. So, so they'll do that and uh and then, you know, it's, it's um and then it just sort of happens, it just kind of does kind of take off after a while.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Do you, is it is it something that you
SPEAKER_R: We do,
SPEAKER_L: enjoy or find a meaning from or whatever?
SPEAKER_R: I do, I do, I like it a lot actually, I think that. Um so I think that human beings are terrible communicators, like just in general, like we think we've communicated things all the time, but we haven't. Um and you know, so what I like about that role is, you know, as a sort of as a, you know, impartial listener, you can really sort of reflect back, you can ask questions, you can do all sorts of things that someone in the conversation doesn't feel comfortable doing, um but you can just play dumb, you know, when you're like well when you said that, what did you mean? Um and because I don't know you and I, you know, so I like that I like that ability to do that because it really does help people understand what's going on, what they're talking about and what's happening, so um you know, I so that part is great. Um I don't know whether um and I like teaching a lot, I like I like um especially like teaching so with them, so a lot of traditionally, like a lot of people you see doing mediation would be like retired judges or you know, sort of people at the end of their careers. Um And that's really that's really changed a lot and I and like a lot of schools now will have classes or clinics or things um and I like working with people when their brains are still uh malleable um as opposed to working with like a retired judge who is never going to agree or learn anything anymore because there won't um so it's it's fun to just kind of open up to people that there's a different way to to solve issues and end disputes, so um and you know, and it really is, it's just kind of, I mean, I mean I'm a lawyer, but I really really bothers me that we spend so much time in court, so much time suing each other, all of this stuff, I think it's a waste of resource, I think it's a waste of time, I think it's a waste of energy often and so you know when you can get people to settle things otherwise um I think it's just I think it's useful and especially in the family context because you know, you're you know uh Uh huh. You know parents just screw up their kids a lot and and and even good parents do that a lot where there's animosity your parents using the kids against each other and all that stuff that can happen, you know? Um this is a mess and so and it's just unfair
SPEAKER_L: Is there?
SPEAKER_R: to the
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: kids
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: and it's unfair to the parents.
SPEAKER_L: I think there's no way to not screw up a kid because you don't you can't know everything that's going on for them. Oh, darn it. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, we'll try it again.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Just that was that was that was a short one that was just, you
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: now that I know I can I'll do certain like wacky things to try to make it come back um Really about three or four more
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: minutes,
SPEAKER_L: think it helped. Great. Perfect. Wonderful. Nothing. Nothing. I I was just talking about people screwing up their kids or something I think I think it's just impossible not to it's impossible to know everything that's going on for kids, you can't for some for a kids for, so so one thing could be really good for, even for you, if you if you had been a kid, I would have done this and for another kid who could be your kid that doesn't work with them. So it's like even even even the absolute best parents, I think there's their kids have got certain things to work out on their own.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely, it definitely can be an issue and and I you know I mean and sometimes I mean I have you know um I think that my nieces and nephew have great parents you know but they you know they all have their own quirks and screw ups and whatever and you know and they're different than ours were and they you know and we will be different than their kids will be, they'll be socially distancing and wearing masks and looking like rubbers
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: and things. But I mean the thing is that it's hard for what's hard I think for a lot of people to recognize is that you can you can end your romantic relationship with someone but you don't end your parenting, your co parenting relationship and that's really hard for people to be like I hate you, but we have to work together on this and you know, nobody goes into it thinking that's going to happen, but you know, I mean we're human beings and so Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think that's a very that's a it sounds it sounds like what you your your philosophy there and what you do, but like what you're doing with with mediation stuff is something that I don't know that I've thought about, I don't I don't know if I thought about it in the same context that you're talking about it in. Um but it's it's definitely something that I have thought a lot about in the past few years, and even more in the past a few
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: months in the past year or so, but well, maybe I should say that this past presidential election cycle is currently the one more guess in right now, um kind of
SPEAKER_R: Maybe.
SPEAKER_L: in the background. Um God is there is there there's this quite this question of of empathy and like, I think, I think this country is especially bad at, but I mean, it seems like the problem all over the place, like I have a lot of friends
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: europe
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: and our friends who have from their friends who have lived there for a while, and there's a lot of this happening there too, but of sort of ideological purity or or or just just not listening to people because they disagree with you um on
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: sort of many levels. And I think a lot about sort of how, how it's not productive, but also how can we make it productive and how can we, how can we learn from centuries ago? Or I don't know, I think that there's a lot, it sounds like you're doing really good important work.
SPEAKER_R: Well we don't have to go back centuries really. I mean, you know it used to be very I mean um I mean I was so I was a congressional intern um for congressman from Iowa in 1986 so that wasn't, I mean it was a long time ago like granted, but it's not that long ago in the scale,
SPEAKER_L: No, totally.
SPEAKER_R: right? Um you know and you know it was a very polarized time, you know, they're Ronald Reagan was president, people loved Reagan or the hated Reagan, there was a lot of you know um and uh but you know that when it came time to get stuff done they would fundamentally agree to get stuff done and you know and come up with things that you know, Reagan didn't like a third of and tip o'neill didn't like a third of and you know like nobody would love it, but they could get stuff done and they can move forward. Um And and they used to have incredible respect for each other I think like you know like people from different parties um like senators from one party would would be very close friends with senators from the other party but not vote the same, you know? But that but that that affection was there and it seems like that's gotten lost in the last 20 years or so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's yeah, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: this bell
SPEAKER_L: that's real,
SPEAKER_R: it is unfortunately. Uh So uh so what are you doing with your music or are you doing with your music?
SPEAKER_L: I'm not doing as much as I would like to be doing. Um so certainly certainly in the present time it's it's that's one of the that's one of the more difficult things to keep doing. Um but um uh but I'm I'm well, gosh, there's always more that I want to be doing is always more that I want to be doing. Um I've
SPEAKER_R: that's because if Mhm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I am I'm I'm writing some, I'm actually, yeah, this is this should be really fun if I can get it together. I'm writing some comedy, some comedy songs right now is a little
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: different than what I what I did in school, but I'm really it's something that I'm really excited about anyway. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you're going to be our next Youtube breakout star
SPEAKER_L: I hope not. I think I think those are, I think those days are over, I think there's no such
SPEAKER_R: many
SPEAKER_L: thing
SPEAKER_R: people.
SPEAKER_L: anymore. I I think we've got, you know, uh we've got a lot of really, really funny people are really, really talented people doing stuff online, and especially now nobody can break out right now. Um Because everybody's everybody's trying to do it. I don't think, I don't even know, I don't even know if I'm really gonna I'll put stuff online but I probably won't promote it or anything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You seem to bring out, have you, have you seen any of john Krasinski is some good news?
SPEAKER_L: You know, I've seen them come up, I've seen people talk about them, I haven't watched a lick of it.
SPEAKER_R: it's surprising to me. He's really quite um you know, he's really quite smart and endearing and he's just you know, he just it really is, it's like it's like your feel good 20 minutes on the internet today and
SPEAKER_L: That's great.
SPEAKER_R: uh it's kind of useful at this point.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah maybe yeah maybe I'll start watching some of that. Yeah that's a good I yeah I've been watching dr john Campbell and I listened to a lot of podcasts with Nice with nice people.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you, mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: But that's yeah I should I should at least I should at least watch a couple to know what people are talking about. I'll put it on my list. Oh
SPEAKER_R: it's good stuff. You just did a big worldwide graduation ceremony for all of those students who aren't graduating and
SPEAKER_L: that's really
SPEAKER_R: got them some fun stuff. So I think our time is done. It seems like it's a little over so we can run out the clock or whatever.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: I don't know what you're going to do with me. But uh they you can go and do the survey if you want
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'll do it I'll pretend like uh like we had a
SPEAKER_R: happy.
SPEAKER_L: we'll tell them whatever. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Actually be great if you did. Um
SPEAKER_L: I'll tell them. I mean I yeah but um but I can but
SPEAKER_R: anyway it was nice
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: to meet you and uh
SPEAKER_L: to meet you
SPEAKER_R: and uh stay warm in the twin cities which I know it's traveling even at this time of year. Um.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Alright.
SPEAKER_L: well nice to meet you. I.