Can you hear me and see me?
Perfect.
they're often. Thanks.
Hello, do we just start this? I'm not quite sure exactly.
There is a timer if you look on the the prior page, the one that had um the instructions I think if you scroll that to the bottom of that it has a
um
so.
Mhm. Well that's excellent,
excellent.
And I tell you what I will set we've got meet at least 25 minutes right I will set it on the iphone and let it go ding so
that we're perfect. Um
Yeah. Oh. Mhm. All right. I think we're good. Hopefully.
I mean I'm in central
you
are
you
Chicago land area?
perfect.
I live in Chicago because I have nieces and nephews in Madison and the twin cities. So I
do consider it Chicago land but at a
distance.
No, no, I grew up in the boston area
I never left,
Did you
manage to squeeze in on the uh in state tuition thing with the Wisconsin?
Yeah,
um it's been a it's been a sort of a rough day so I'm and I'm actually glad you showed up, you're my second attempt that Yes,
well
how are you doing today?
but
he
made,
Very cool. Very.
Even if you guys were right next door to each other, you probably would have done exactly the same thing. Not like you didn't, you weren't at any disadvantage
this study,
Mhm.
I think you can do a lot more than people do and a lot less than people think they can do.
Yeah. Um So I am, I've taught for a while and I teach negotiation mediation things and and so I'm not a big fan of this, I mean I'm more of a fan of seeing someone's face than not seeing their face because you can get a lot of information that way, but I do tend to think there are certain things that work better in person um but they're not optical, so, you know, I mean this is a good, I mean, I don't know, I think that um I think people are starting to at least get used to it. I think the first couple of weeks were really, really rough um and you know, everyone was like, I don't know how to do this, I don't have a log in, where are you again, which, you know like, and I think they've sort of got, you know, they sort of figured out zoom and they figured out a couple other things and so that's better. But you know, it's we'll get used to it and the like balls and dislike some things I guess.
I think, you know, I think that there are things that change currently. I think we'll end up being surprised at how few of them stick. Because I think uh I think we're just we always when we're in the thick of it think, oh, this is the new normal, but the pull of the old normal is always so great. Um But we'll see, I don't know, it's um it's fascinating times we live in here.
Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah.
Thank you.
Mhm.
Yeah I think it will do that. I think that will help a lot because because the bureaucracies always respond with no that's like their reflexive response. And so universities, most universities are kind of whether they're private republic are big bureaucracies, they get stuck doing the way they're doing and and this will make it harder for them to just reflexively say no when you say well you managed to transfer 24,000 students onto the system in two weeks and you can't do it once for me in six months from now. You know that. Yeah. So but also it's a different it's a it's a different way of teaching and it's a different way of learning and so will be interesting. I think this class is um especially the folks that are graduating this year, they really are, I think they're going to struggle with having lost sort of the end of their time, unfortunately.
And
Yeah, it's it's hard, it's hard seeing people who worked really hard not get that recognition and you know, not get that chance to really show what they've done. But it's um but I've actually been surprised, I've been surprised at how quickly most universities have have moved on this. I think they were much faster. Um then I thought they would be,
I think
I was
going
or
I think that's probably true. I mean it's it's um I think I think different governments handled it very, very differently. I think I think there's going to be interesting stuff done on what people did and didn't do and what countries did this and it worked and what countries did this and it didn't and you know, so.
No I don't think so.
yeah, hopefully. I mean it's it's just it's frustrating when there's information out. There isn't either isn't being followed us and being paid attention to and you know like and then you get to like how did we know? It's like well it was there, you know like that's always frustrating.
I could do it in two words but I might offend you. I don't know president trump to word.
I mean it's just frustrating you know? Um I think that you know there's a uh there's I mean there is science to certain kinds of things, right? I mean it's not necessary. There's art in there too. But it's you know there is some science and epidemiology is a science and they really do you know, they struggle to have the exact answer at the beginning, just like the rest of us. But you know, they're they're ways to to do this and it's just frustrating sometimes when it's it feels like you know it's always frustrating when seems like someone has the best information or best options possible but they don't take advantage of them. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. Well you know the problem is that it's often you know people often get frustrated with government and you know and government is expensive and you know it can be big and it can be slow and all of that but there are certain things that government just can do in ways that others can't, you know and this is the kind but to do it like you have to prepare for disasters every year even though you hope there won't be disastrous every year, right? You know, So, um, and you learn from each disaster you learned from Hurricane Katrina, You learn from, uh, september 11th, You learn from each of these things, different things that you sort of build into this, uh, this sort of well of knowledge. Um, and then if you go and sort of like dismiss all of that, you end up losing all of that, that knowledge, all of that learning and all of that preparedness. Um, and so it's, and it's too bad really because there's, you know, you know, I mean, I think every, every government that looks back at what they did will see things that they did well and things that they didn't do well. Um, but you know, it's, it's a shame when, you know, something was known, it was thrown away and then, you know, you have to relearn it again. Well people get,
hey
I have no idea, I just refreshed and now you're there. I
was, I just felt in the we had technical difficulties things. Did you do
the same?
So when you go to that back to the other page and you click next, it brings you to the, did you complete your chat? Yes. No,
so I don't know do we try to complete it now and see? Um we've got about 10 more minutes and it's a
I agree.
Yeah why not? Perfect. I'm going to reset a town with timer and uh that'll be great.
Um Mhm. Okay so it may get you may get a message that because I didn't know whether you went out or I went out and we both went
out so
I didn't
So where were we? Yeah.
Did
you get
that?
Yeah, so I so I I was a law school professor for a while and I taught negotiation and mediation and dispute resolution in general. Um So and I mean you know negotiation is done more and more um from across the world and so there's a lot less in person stuff than they used to be. Um And and mediation especially um you know I do a lot of work with the with the family mediation and you know once you have um once you divorced parents who moved to other states, you know they still need to deal with all these issues and sometimes they need help, but it's hard to do, you know, they don't get to do it in person anymore so um yeah, so it's a it's a really area of interest of mine, so. Yeah.
Well, thank you.
Um Well in in Illinois, under Illinois law, you are a mediator. If you hold yourself out as a mediator. So your so your your hairdresser has all sorts of licensing things they have to go through or your barber
or your massage therapist, but to be a mediator, you just have to say, hey, I'm a mediator. And um the way you really do it, I mean most mediators are either because they don't have to be, especially in the family, they're either attorneys, some experience in family law for their uh therapists or psychologists who do sort of family Children that kind of work. Um And it's really just kind of, you know, it's a sort of a word of mouth kind of thing. Um Lots of places, the courts require you to do some to try to settle things outside of the court for families, especially for issues with kids and parenting plans and stuff. Um so, you know, you started to get some training or volunteering and then you can just kind of connect into folks and they, you know, the same attorneys are the same courts will often want to use the same person over and over again because they know them. So, so they'll do that and uh and then, you know, it's, it's um and then it just sort of happens, it just kind of does kind of take off after a while.
We do,
I do, I do, I like it a lot actually, I think that. Um so I think that human beings are terrible communicators, like just in general, like we think we've communicated things all the time, but we haven't. Um and you know, so what I like about that role is, you know, as a sort of as a, you know, impartial listener, you can really sort of reflect back, you can ask questions, you can do all sorts of things that someone in the conversation doesn't feel comfortable doing, um but you can just play dumb, you know, when you're like well when you said that, what did you mean? Um and because I don't know you and I, you know, so I like that I like that ability to do that because it really does help people understand what's going on, what they're talking about and what's happening, so um you know, I so that part is great. Um I don't know whether um and I like teaching a lot, I like I like um especially like teaching so with them, so a lot of traditionally, like a lot of people you see doing mediation would be like retired judges or you know, sort of people at the end of their careers. Um And that's really that's really changed a lot and I and like a lot of schools now will have classes or clinics or things um and I like working with people when their brains are still uh malleable um as opposed to working with like a retired judge who is never going to agree or learn anything anymore because there won't um so it's it's fun to just kind of open up to people that there's a different way to to solve issues and end disputes, so um and you know, and it really is, it's just kind of, I mean, I mean I'm a lawyer, but I really really bothers me that we spend so much time in court, so much time suing each other, all of this stuff, I think it's a waste of resource, I think it's a waste of time, I think it's a waste of energy often and so you know when you can get people to settle things otherwise um I think it's just I think it's useful and especially in the family context because you know, you're you know uh Uh huh. You know parents just screw up their kids a lot and and and even good parents do that a lot where there's animosity your parents using the kids against each other and all that stuff that can happen, you know? Um this is a mess and so and it's just unfair
to the
kids
and it's unfair to the parents.
Okay. Yeah, we'll try it again.
Well
now that I know I can I'll do certain like wacky things to try to make it come back um Really about three or four more
minutes,
Yeah, definitely, it definitely can be an issue and and I you know I mean and sometimes I mean I have you know um I think that my nieces and nephew have great parents you know but they you know they all have their own quirks and screw ups and whatever and you know and they're different than ours were and they you know and we will be different than their kids will be, they'll be socially distancing and wearing masks and looking like rubbers
and things. But I mean the thing is that it's hard for what's hard I think for a lot of people to recognize is that you can you can end your romantic relationship with someone but you don't end your parenting, your co parenting relationship and that's really hard for people to be like I hate you, but we have to work together on this and you know, nobody goes into it thinking that's going to happen, but you know, I mean we're human beings and so Yeah.
Right.
Maybe.
I
don't
know.
Yeah. Mhm.
Well we don't have to go back centuries really. I mean, you know it used to be very I mean um I mean I was so I was a congressional intern um for congressman from Iowa in 1986 so that wasn't, I mean it was a long time ago like granted, but it's not that long ago in the scale,
right? Um you know and you know it was a very polarized time, you know, they're Ronald Reagan was president, people loved Reagan or the hated Reagan, there was a lot of you know um and uh but you know that when it came time to get stuff done they would fundamentally agree to get stuff done and you know and come up with things that you know, Reagan didn't like a third of and tip o'neill didn't like a third of and you know like nobody would love it, but they could get stuff done and they can move forward. Um And and they used to have incredible respect for each other I think like you know like people from different parties um like senators from one party would would be very close friends with senators from the other party but not vote the same, you know? But that but that that affection was there and it seems like that's gotten lost in the last 20 years or so.
this bell
it is unfortunately. Uh So uh so what are you doing with your music or are you doing with your music?
that's because if Mhm. Uh huh.
Good.
Yeah, you're going to be our next Youtube breakout star
many
people.
You seem to bring out, have you, have you seen any of john Krasinski is some good news?
it's surprising to me. He's really quite um you know, he's really quite smart and endearing and he's just you know, he just it really is, it's like it's like your feel good 20 minutes on the internet today and
uh it's kind of useful at this point.
Thank you, mm hmm.
it's good stuff. You just did a big worldwide graduation ceremony for all of those students who aren't graduating and
got them some fun stuff. So I think our time is done. It seems like it's a little over so we can run out the clock or whatever.
I don't know what you're going to do with me. But uh they you can go and do the survey if you want
happy.
Yeah. Actually be great if you did. Um
anyway it was nice
to meet you and uh
and uh stay warm in the twin cities which I know it's traveling even at this time of year. Um.
Alright.