Honey. I'm not Oh yeah, okay. Hello?
I can hear you and I can see you
great. And I presume the same goes the other winning. Great.
Hello?
Yeah, it doesn't, it doesn't look like they want us to talk about anything in particular. So I think we can just start it said there was going to be a timer. I don't see a timer anywhere. Do you see a timer?
mm,
Yeah, I
don't see it, but I trust that it's there.
I
don't see, I don't think, you know, as long as we can make sure that yeah.
Great.
Okay. Yeah, sounds good.
Okay. Yeah. So what, so, uh, I'll just ask what time zone you're in, what time zone are you in?
So am I,
how
about
it?
No, I'm in Minneapolis, which,
you know, some people might consider broad Chicago land.
great.
totally.
Yeah. Um, are you from, are you from there originally or
uh, I was actually, I was born in boston. Um, yeah, I grew up in Pittsburgh and I went to college here in Minneapolis and well I went to college and ST paul uh
and never left yet, um but my dad is from Wisconsin, so uh yeah,
and
no, I did not, I am I uh in fact, I I went to Pittsburgh, I grew up in Pittsburgh and in Pittsburgh public schools have a really nice uh Pittsburgh promise, you know, they give you a certain amount of money, if you, for all public school students, they had, I don't know what it looks like now, my, my brother, my brother also, Mhm
got it, so he mom, I don't know um uh but nope, I didn't do that, uh um how are you doing today?
I'm glad, I'm also glad I showed
up,
I'm okay. I am, I, you know, I haven't been sleeping super well, which I attribute 100% to not exercising enough um which we'll not 100% but you know, I just and I and I yeah, I need to do that, but so I've got like the past few days have kind of been feeling weird, but uh it's my dad's birthday tomorrow, and I'm putting together a song I've been working today um on uh we're putting a song together, my suddenly two siblings and I'm uh taking some Carole king. I my original vision weeks ago was, wouldn't it be awesome if he's turning, he's turning 60 and and we were like, oh, it's a nice round number, wouldn't it be cool if we like? Yeah, well there's lots of cool things you know, that you might want to do for something up for, for any sort of uh number birthday, but but we were trying to because because he was born you know that means he was
born
in 1960
was born at the beginning of the decade and we're beginning of a decade decade now. And I was like wouldn't it be cool if we could do a song that came out every decade that he that he that he has been alive and I still want to do that, but for various reasons we really just are going to have just the one song. Um uh so it's carol Kenyon um which was the first record that he bought himself um in 1971. So he was 11 years old, he went to the record store and he bought himself Carole King's tapestry. Yeah.
Yeah so we just so we just you know we're in different parts of the country and we we all like recorded different things and so I've been doing a lot of that assembly today.
Right. Well yeah it's like it's yeah
yeah it's it's I've kind of like the uh
the sort of quarantine excuses saying like, oh yeah I know you can do whatever you need to do just over over the internet or like um I mean you can't but you also, I don't know, I think you can.
That's a that's a great way to put it. It's the sort of it's yeah it's like it's just everything is it's different but it's like I'm not saying I'm sure that you've had many conversations like this too. It's like what's the difference between live conversation and zoom conversation and there's lots of differences but they're interested. I don't know, there's interesting things about it. What's what's your experience been like? Um
yeah we can kind of take and leave. what, but there is, I'm, I mean there's so much, there's so much that much that could change long term given what people take from this is, I'm not saying anything, but like there's a lot that could change, yeah, that could change long term based on what people are kind of learning about what can be done online just by necessity because um which we could go a lot of different ways I think, but uh
Yeah, totally. I have, I have a friend um who's almost finished with undergrad and he's been slowly working his way through undergrad for the past 10 years and uh
it's really exciting that he's almost finished and the there are many reasons for that, but part of it is that he has a number of disabilities that um uh
and he's been really like he's been really and he's one of the major
sort of outspoken disability advocates um uh
on that campus and um and in my life. Um and he has talked about like the sort of how he had been told how he had, he said such a hard time and he had to take so long partly because he feels like things aren't being made accessible to him. Um uh and they're told he's told that, like, think that this isn't possible or that isn't possible. And then now of course, all of these schools are putting up just exactly those accommodations for everyone and saying no, it'll be fine. And he's really sort of bitter about that, but also hoping that it will be, I mean less of an excuse for disabled students in the future.
Right. Yeah. Well, I was, yeah, I was I was a music major um in college and I still have a lot of friends um there or elsewhere my brother's musician to um who are uh very sort of performance like performance heavy. And I had I had actually a pretty dear friend who's she's a musician about town as well as finishing her time at school. And I was really, really excited to go to her recital at the end of March. And it was first, it was like, like, like what do they, I don't know what if there's a word for it, like, but post tentatively postponed or whatever, it was like what's going to happen, but uh and then all of these seniors who are still going to graduate, but we're supposed
to graduate with a big performance. That's a big part of the their thing and they just don't get to do that. And I just really that's just that's that's really painful.
Yeah. They were and they
were faster
than
most governments to in a lot
of ways. Um I think it is my perception at least. Um.
Yeah. Yeah. That's yeah that's true. That's um yeah I've been watching I've been watching not as much as I used to but I've been watching a lot of dr john Campbell on Youtube. You watched his videos at all?
He's so great. He's this very very kind um sort of um mild mannered british man who worked as a nurse for a long long time. Um And um and got his PhD in like education or something like not an education but like he was focusing on making like since the nineties he's been making educational videos for nursing students and other sort of medical people who want to um learned that kind of thing or get better at that kind of thing. And he started and in january he started making daily videos on the covid stuff and he was like and he was and he kind of he's at this point he's like I've been saying this and now finally people are listening like not listening, not even listening to me, but he's just been like, but he just every single day he says here's what people, different governments are doing and here's what different um whatever you're doing and here's the data that we have reported. And he gives it in a nice like the videos have gotten longer over the, you know, months that this has been going on. But yeah, like you used to be like, you know, like 15 minutes and you can kind of cover what's happening in the world with this virus and now it's like two half hour parts of video. But he's but he's so like especially at the very beginning, it was so um sort of reassuring to me. Like it was he had such a great sort of bedside manner of uh huh. Uh just like here's what's happening. It's not good but it's going to be okay or like, like it's not it's not good and I hope that it will be okay. But at least now you know what's happening and you can have all the information you can have. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. What do you have any particular examples of that are like? Yeah.
Yeah, I'm I'm with you.
Yeah.
I'm very I'm honestly I'm a lot of different levels of baffled at kind of how this was handled by the US government at the beginning at the beginning because it seems pretty clear that there was that they had a lot of information that they very much didn't act on the federal government that is like and oh my gosh, the the idea that we had a pandemic response team and then he fired them or like, you know, a while ago, he was like why would we need that? Of course. Uh Yeah, DeCourcy.
Right. Our weight. I never know if this is me or the other person. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay.
Hey.
that's
I
I didn't I just waited. What is what is the thing, what did it say? What was the, what was that we had difficult, What did that say?
Okay. I see.
don't I don't
mind this doing 10 10 minutes.
Great.
I
I yeah I also
yeah I don't know um
Well I don't know where we were, I'm sure it was somewhere interesting. Um But I wanted to ask but I wanted to I sort of dog eared it or whatever to to ask you because you mentioned that you just to ask you about this because I thought it would be interesting. Uh You said something you you can tell me without me asking the
question but you said something
you you
do or used to do something about negotiation or um something.
that makes sense. I've not I've um like like are you like
do you like I just I just want to know like what like like or not just want to know, I want to know all kinds of things but like is that you say family mediation? Like who like how do you how does one get into a position of being a family mediator? Like I don't know
what?
Yeah. Do you, is it is it something that you
enjoy or find a meaning from or whatever?
Is there?
Well
there's
I think there's no way to not screw up a kid because you don't you can't know everything that's going on for them. Oh, darn it. Yes.
Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Just that was that was that was a short one that was just, you
know.
I
think it helped. Great. Perfect. Wonderful. Nothing. Nothing. I I was just talking about people screwing up their kids or something I think I think it's just impossible not to it's impossible to know everything that's going on for kids, you can't for some for a kids for, so so one thing could be really good for, even for you, if you if you had been a kid, I would have done this and for another kid who could be your kid that doesn't work with them. So it's like even even even the absolute best parents, I think there's their kids have got certain things to work out on their own.
All
I think that's a very that's a it sounds it sounds like what you your your philosophy there and what you do, but like what you're doing with with mediation stuff is something that I don't know that I've thought about, I don't I don't know if I thought about it in the same context that you're talking about it in. Um but it's it's definitely something that I have thought a lot about in the past few years, and even more in the past a few
months in the past year or so, but well, maybe I should say that this past presidential election cycle is currently the one more guess in right now, um kind of
in the background. Um God is there is there there's this quite this question of of empathy and like, I think, I think this country is especially bad at, but I mean, it seems like the problem all over the place, like I have a lot of friends
in
europe
and our friends who have from their friends who have lived there for a while, and there's a lot of this happening there too, but of sort of ideological purity or or or just just not listening to people because they disagree with you um on
sort of many levels. And I think a lot about sort of how, how it's not productive, but also how can we make it productive and how can we, how can we learn from centuries ago? Or I don't know, I think that there's a lot, it sounds like you're doing really good important work.
No, totally.
Yeah, that's yeah, yeah,
that's real,
I'm not doing as much as I would like to be doing. Um so certainly certainly in the present time it's it's that's one of the that's one of the more difficult things to keep doing. Um but um uh but I'm I'm well, gosh, there's always more that I want to be doing is always more that I want to be doing. Um I've
I am I'm I'm writing some, I'm actually, yeah, this is this should be really fun if I can get it together. I'm writing some comedy, some comedy songs right now is a little
different than what I what I did in school, but I'm really it's something that I'm really excited about anyway. Uh
I hope not. I think I think those are, I think those days are over, I think there's no such
thing
anymore. I I think we've got, you know, uh we've got a lot of really, really funny people are really, really talented people doing stuff online, and especially now nobody can break out right now. Um Because everybody's everybody's trying to do it. I don't think, I don't even know, I don't even know if I'm really gonna I'll put stuff online but I probably won't promote it or anything. Yeah.
You know, I've seen them come up, I've seen people talk about them, I haven't watched a lick of it.
That's great.
Yeah maybe yeah maybe I'll start watching some of that. Yeah that's a good I yeah I've been watching dr john Campbell and I listened to a lot of podcasts with Nice with nice people.
But that's yeah I should I should at least I should at least watch a couple to know what people are talking about. I'll put it on my list. Oh
that's really
All
Yeah I'll do it I'll pretend like uh like we had a
we'll tell them whatever. But
I'll tell them. I mean I yeah but um but I can but
great.
to meet you
Yeah. Yeah
well nice to meet you. I.