but okay. Mhm. I don't know. Yeah. What? No. Mhm. Yeah, you can. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm Yeah, Yeah.
Hey,
Oh,
crap
boom.
America?
I got my dog playing in the room.
Yeah, they're barkin. Hm
My dog, Oh, like their e color thing.
I was like vibrating them, yep.
My shepherd knows how to open doors, so Okay.
I think I'm allergic to cats, so mhm
Yeah. My parents just came into town and my dad plays tennis about every day. So he had this big long like rucksack looking thankful like probably 40 tons balls. Bring it up.
All right. Originally florida. Mhm. But I'm in north Carolina right now.
We're yet.
My mom lived in Fort Eustis, wait for army or something.
She
always called it fort uterus. So
What's up my hair up more? Am I putting to pull them down?
I'm like, I didn't do my makeup or anything, so whatever.
I just found out my engagement rings fake like an hour ago. Yeah.
The second to my mom and everything and yeah, I mean, it's really nice and really pretty looking, right?
You know, B. M.
I don't
know.
Well, I was gonna actually even get moving engaged for two years and I got, the researchers are going to be like this crazy girl. Um wow.
Yeah. But we met up in Vermont and that's where we wanted to kind of a low because covid happened and I don't want to spend 10 grand on a wedding. And I was on wedding wire doing the budgeting calculator. I don't know if you never look down there. Okay.
And there's a part for wedding bands. And like, let me see what would maybe look good with my ring. Well, let me, I've never tried on bands. Let me look up some. I'm trying not to be vulgar and most of the F Word.
Let me look up some fucking band and with this ring and I finally find my ring and it's a place like based out of Tampa,
like where I'm from and it's got there things stamped on the inside, it's 14 karat white gold, that's like the only real part about it I guess, and I feel bad. He didn't even want to, don't you want to tell me? So. Yeah. Yeah,
I know, I'm just kind of like in a myth mood,
I mean yeah, I don't care that it was fake, but like he had to lie about it, so.
Oh yeah, we'll talk about it, we can get home in an hour or so. Okay, I didn't have work today so I've got I've had all the time to like here.
I'm in my early twenties not 25 yet though
I'll say that.
and in between there we'll see that.
Susan
so
at all.
but
are you in college or something or?
Doing
what?
Hey
would freak out three times in college. My teacher literally put you owe me on my high school one when I flunked that twice and she gave me a D to pass me. Okay.
hey here's my here's my son I guess
this
is kind
of math. Yeah I had to get the cross on there somehow I'll figure it out.
wait
actually I
just freaking did it goodbye. Oh I didn't. Okay.
because I know I have to get the white one there. Oh no that's not it that I just found it whatever but
no, I literally was like the other day to watch his youtube tutorial on it, but
No, no, that's not something I would
thank you.
I don't know. I don't, yeah, I'm just looking at it. I don't even know how I'm gonna solve this. So Oh, but
yeah, I'm working on my, I just got into a social work program. Yeah, but I'm just doing this because, you know, extra covid money.
we're clear.
You know Karen? Okay.
I know.
mhm
No.
you're saying my first job was Wendy, So I know what
Hello, what are you saying now,
right. Or something like covid jobs or something or
I
was freaking, let's see. So I sell vitamins and prostate support.
Okay. Now now got a couple of years, some down the masters and then I can
just, you know, therapist people.
So you're doing more that route, not the math.
Okay.
Well,
You know, if I lived in Vermont before, I guess you could kind of tell that my political affiliation would be, you're in colorado, right? Yes.
Well we're here because because I met him up in Vermont, he was doing recruiting um you know marine corps, so now we're here in north Carolina.
Yeah, but he just got out like a year ago, but the people normally, you know, assuming might have different political views, but I don't know. Yeah. You hear him trying to open the door. Yeah,
it
will handle,
yeah, £80 german shepherd. Yeah.
Uh huh. Because he hears somebody like talking or me talking to somebody else and he'd be like curious of head tilting like. Yeah.
20 Oh is that how much cattle? £20.
Oh like that sounds a glass of fat cat.
I'm thinking like that's big because my other dogs £40.
He's
like a uh
yeah like the vibrate button. I'm doing, oh
do you have a tens unit? Like one of those muscle ones? Like you put the pads on?
I was afraid of like colors at first. And then
we had them do like a three week boarding thing. And he had the trainer had me try it like on my wrist because it goes from like you can see like five I'll let up because like 0 100 for this last part. But um what was I saying? I? M. A. D. H. D. So all the people that want to be therapists and counselors were like um yeah I did it. I did the shock thing on my wrist and it was like nothing. Pretty much. Yeah,
it's just like a little like mm it's not like a big jolt like people think so.
We
still
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I remember the first time we took him out to the park when they had us doing the training and step uh keep like getting up uh and somewhere he's like, oh you're hurting, you're hurting him. And I'm just like with the trainer and I didn't like, I was like, oh God, she's right. But it's better than him like fucking lunging at somebody or whatever because he was pretty unrolling. So
remember?
I always wanted one because I just feel like there's so chill,
you know?
Well.
Oh.
We'll see. Like did you guys have to train them a lot or
just calm?
yep, that's how my other one is, yep.
Yeah well because we got our other one, should we got her from a shelter or pound or whatever, She was like a surprise for christmas and
she like how we train her like like we've never been like violent with her anything, she was pretty much like a puppy, but any time like you just even like you lower your voice or something, her ears just go down and she's just like in a corner, I'm like we don't beat you like no, no
she's pretty chilled, pretty calm and then damn.
only my gunner could be like that. Well now what are we talking about again?
well that's the point, I guess guys would probably be talking about like sports,
how much play this sport because there's no nothing. Uh
Oh.
Yeah, I'm finding out about that. I'm just kind of like,
now, well we have the GNC stores, like, I don't know if you've heard like a lot of them are closing, but like I just grew up in the entire time, all during covid and everything, but yeah, super fun.
Uh huh Yeah. Talk I don't really know honestly. I mean everybody's wearing masks,
but everybody is like very conservative around here, so I feel like half of people just don't care. A lot of them are Karens, so um I don't know. Yeah, like whenever I go into a grocery store like half are wearing it, half aren't, but the people that work there and even really enforcing it either, so. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Are they more strict up there?
I feel, yeah. I feel like social anxiety is just like because
of covid, like nobody, I'm not ready to even just go out in public. I don't even want to go on this. I'm like, I don't really want to talk to people. I mean that's my job, but I have a mask on all day, so nobody.
Have you talked to like, this is my first one? So I don't, yeah. Have
you talked to like guys?
He
did,
did she talk about how she's from L A lot?
Take it
we
You know like, what would you even talk about? Like what if they're like super India?
I don't know what I'm gonna into video games? Like what if they're just like talking about, I don't know their dungeons and dragons. I'm like,
What do we, what do we do? Because I feel like we've got a couple of minutes left. I don't want to go and switch to a different tab. What do we do after this?
you just escape out of it? Okay.
I woke up
okay. Oh, have you been doing a time? Because I haven't been doing a timer. I
don't plan on here.
Having
fun.
Yeah. Have you had anybody that wasn't in the U. S.
Because I mean, yeah, because I remember they asked about like if we're like Eastern time or what? So I didn't know if they were making it people just on the east side or what?
Hi.
Yes. I guess I'll do it again though. I mean,
No, that's what I've I've only ever done is that you're doing it through prolific. Yeah. So this is like the biggest one. Obviously I've had ones that were like $2 and I'm like, I got to talk to somebody like, I think it'll be weird,
but
Well,
you never know. Maybe that was the point of the study.
Like
mm I would say no homework. Honestly, it's not how they do it in a lot of european countries. Like no homework. Like
I don't well, like, like Collins, colorado type smokers or north Carolina smokers,
I
guess.
Kasia. Uh huh. What's the time now?
Random
Erica.
And it just Okay. Catch. All right.
directly. Yeah.
Really good talking to you, Ben.