Hi,
can you hear me? Mm hmm. Yeah.
Teams
of people working.
Yeah, I'm just hi,
nice to meet you. Mhm.
What?
What is that?
Oh, I was like, you have adult.
What?
Yeah, I'm staying my parents right now. They're out of town with the dogs right now though. I've just been living with my cat. Yes,
I am. He actually drugged though. He chases the tightest ball around the yard. So
wait, where are you from?
All right. All right.
I'm from Denver. I'm here. This is where I like, so Oh yeah,
yeah. Yeah. There's a ton of one of these is around. I don't
know that.
I haven't heard of fort uterus for me because I have honestly. Yeah.
Yeah. I've started to do like a high pony, but have so much freaking hair. I just do below now. I look like George Washington half the time, but it doesn't. Yeah.
Yeah. I was actually going to do today because I was supposed to get, I was supposed to renew my license but you know I was being a good girl and I've been exercising and after I exercise and made that's get in the shower and I looked at the time and I was like I'm already late in, my appointment's been cancelled. Great, so Okay.
Mhm.
It's
how
do you
figure that out?
No periods people people are engaged for like an average of three years.
Why not?
It's no.
thank you.
want to say it sometimes it's just like isn't on their minds they just try to find what looks the best and go from there. But
yeah, I get it.
Yeah. That's always that's always the thing. Probably every day. Yeah. Have issues. They never communicate, they're not that big. Well I'm sorry, it's still beautiful and I'm glad you're
Yeah. I know you can fester in it for a little bit before you come home and say what you need to say, How old are you? I would
I'm
all right. I'm 21. Yeah. I just just,
that's fine. I don't know. I don't mean to ask for personal information or anything. I just
because like
a humble, that's wild though because like you're engaged to be married and I'm one of those people who's like, I, I don't want anyone to talk to me or touch me at all, but I'm going to be single for the rest of my life and my cat is my son and
um, that's how I am. But like obviously I guess it, I'm just like such a, I just feel like I'm annoying shit. Be around another one. Another person will be long.
Well
yeah, I'm going back for my senior year in like three weeks which will be interesting.
Just
um I'm a math and drama major which doesn't. Yeah
it's weird.
I think one of those crazy people whose brain works and like patterns. I don't know. It's weird. It's really really weird. I don't I don't like science though, it's just math. I just like it because I think for some reason I'm like I know there's a 2000 piece puzzle like right behind me is like that's just that's the way my frameworks, it's wild.
It
will
improve.
Yeah you'll do it. I
never
know
then I was really excited. I'm so bad at those. I remember.
You're not one of those people like times yourself doing a very big issue or anything like that.
Yeah. Uh There's a crazy people who make like I keep saying great people but there's a lot of people who make like portraits out of like hundreds of move excuse. I never understood all. They put them all together with different colours and shapes. It's really wild.
No,
not in your realm of interest. That's honestly, it's horribly boring to try and figure out all of that. And like, like do you plan it out beforehand or just somehow know that all of the colored squares will fit perfectly together and look like Michael Jackson's face. Like, I don't know how people figure that out.
trailing her again. No.
Yeah, No, I mean, I, I was supposed to be out of the country for a month, so I, yeah, and they didn't,
I was going to Greece, um, like going to the mountains, not like santa. I mean like, who wouldn't want to go to Mykonos or whatever, but you know, that's not there for um but didn't get to go obviously because this, you know, fun event we're all experiencing and the only jobs around here, by the time that they told me that my trip wasn't happening, we're like fast food jobs and I do not want to cater to that right now.
Oh my god, because there's been a couple of times, I'm like, you know what, I just need a goddamn chicken sandwich and I've gone to like canes or something and the lines are ridiculous and people are so mean what
I mean? Uh huh.
It's wild. Wait, wait,
sorry. You were saying something. I just like,
yeah. Yeah, I worked like clothing retail. I worked at DSW for a little while. That was not fun. It was like working in an airplane hangar of people's shoe garbage and like stinky feet smell. It was one would work.
Oh, I don't remember.
Yeah, I don't know. No. Are you
playing?
fun. Uh your dream?
Well
yeah, both the people I've talked to on here have been like, like the other person's with like a counselor and you're kidding? That's that's wow, interesting. I would probably do something like that if I weren't going into like the arts, which is probably a dumb idea. But
yeah, I mean I'm going into a film instead of stage drama because stage dramas really elitist. And like also like how are you going to see live theater during this time of masks and such? Yeah,
it's weird. And also like, I don't know, film is just much more accessible to other people and you can find groups of creatives to do work that you don't need to rent a space for. Like honestly, if you have, if you find materials and like you can get cameras off of people who get rid of them, you can do more independent work that way. And like, I don't really care about, you know, doing film, whether I'm doing the creative end or acting or designing upset or whatever. I don't care whether or not it's for like an independent tiny company in the middle of nowhere, like Hollywood, because people are so obsessed with like doing that for their image and like, I don't really give a shit, I just want to make art and do fun things that I want to do and try to try to spread that and help people in the best way that I can. And I feel like I've always been the person who tells stories and it's been good at putting that together. So there's a way that I can make that work and make it more than just like, you know, self serving, doing whatever I want to do. So Yeah, but
I'm also really young, so who knows, anything can happen? And in the next few years, like who the hell knows of this country is going to be like we're going to Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. And also, I feel like with most young people I know too, which is Yeah.
What? Hey?
I can't
see,
I can hear like a banging in the back.
Would you just be a menace? Is that why you can't let him in?
they would do this just so we could introduce each other to like our pets, you know? Oh, the whole 25 minutes is just being like, okay, here we are. This is jerry. He's like £20 baby. I love him.
No um jerry's just he's just a big boy.
No, cats are supposed to be like 8 to £10. Um Yeah jerry is we got him when he was like six months old. He was this teeny little black cat. He was adorable, full of energy and then three seconds later would be asleep and now he's three years old. But when he was like two he weighed £21. Yeah. And he's lost a little weight because we had to put him on a diet because the doctor was a little worried about him. But you know,
Yeah, you just
expected
I don't know.
it like, yeah, I've never I don't think I've ever used like a shock collar with a dog but are
Not well
good.
I figure.
You know, it's like not in the cartoons really just like explode the dog in the
dust
whenever you hit it so.
Yeah. I guess I've
had, my parents have always gotten golden retrievers have always been that come from family or
they
are, they really, really are. We have one of them, one of my golden was really really old. We've actually had him for last time because we adopted both of them and he was older. They said he was
like five or six but he was definitely like 10. He's so old now and can't see or hear anything and all he wants is love as long as he has a hand on him or a foot right.
And then our other dog is a golden retriever, like Akita mix. So she's like a beautiful golden color and has these like little ears and a curly little tail. She's so cute. But there, but she has the demeanor of the golden retriever so she's like really chill and fun. She doesn't swim, doesn't like to swim school princess.
No. So
yeah, well we, we adopted both of them through golden retriever Freedom rescue or something and she had the um like rehabilitated for a couple of months because she was like slept out in the backyard and were produced sure she was beaten any time she saw Children or something like that because she's definitely afraid of kids. It's weird. Yeah and so that she was, she was like trained but she's not like they know they know everything now, but we didn't really have to train them. They just kind of like learned, they knew their names and it was, it was pretty easy overall, but Riley's, he's kind of an idiot. He just will do whatever you ask, as long as there's food involved. So
yeah, like the park of adopting though, because you don't have to, sometimes you don't have to worry about training them if you just figured it out.
Here.
No.
some people stop, Some people sometimes they're just tended welcome. Some are just 10 minutes how it goes. Mm
I didn't, I was kind of hard when they don't give you anything to just go for it and I'm like,
oh my God brought
I'm glad it's not right, wow
know much about it, but yeah, it's hard. I'm also like tired today and feeling kind of like, look, I feel like you're kind of feeling like that to a little bit and
yeah, not the best, not the best day in quarantine, but you know.
super thought. Yeah, this whole situation is super fun. How how are the cases in your area? How was
there?
like everybody is swearing, they don't, they have like signs that are like you can't come in here if you're not wearing them, but like I guess and it just goes to show the difference in location
like yeah, kind of like, I feel like everybody around here wears them in my grocery stores and stuff, but like in terms of, I mean we are cases are kind of okay right now I think, I don't know, I've kept up with it for a while but the day is just bleed into each other and nothing makes any sense. Um I don't know. My friend told me we can go like two restaurants and things and I'm like, I don't know, I still really don't want to be around people right now.
Isn't written.
It's I don't know this call is going to be hard. I mean at least the people have talked to like are really chill and have been, you know sometimes it's hard but like I don't know. At least you're not anxiety inducing to speak to, which is like, no, I mean like almost everybody is so don't That's a that's a compliment.
is my
No,
I talked to
other woman, she was like 28 from L. A. She's like, this works in marketing, but she's moving out of L. A. Like um
she talked about how she
um Well because we talked about it because I was considering I might have to go there or Atlanta,
those two places that I love Atlanta. But um I don't know, let's just where film is. And she's like, yeah, everyone's really consumed in the industry, even if you're not in it, which is really annoying because it sucks. And I was like, yeah, I don't really like that side of it. So it was interesting though because she like knew a lot of stuff about, you know, the field I'm going into. But overall I'm kind of hoping if I do this again, they don't put me with a guy. I really just don't want to.
No.
I feel like I could lie about dungeons and dragons, but sometimes it just, you know, say things that I really have no time or energy for. But
uh well you, yeah, we've just closed out of this and go to the other time you left open and then you answer some questions about like yourself, have you felt during the conversation, how you felt after some other?
just Yeah. I think
because at the time we were timing it ourselves. I don't think it's yeah. Not even turn wait.
have
almost 23 minutes. Yeah. Well a couple minutes left. Crazy while time flies when you're talking
about when you've never
having a great time.
No, I've only like you're the only person I talked to other than the lady yesterday from from
I think they're
just throwing us together whenever we can all talk. Don't know.
Yeah. I mean like I'm not going to say no to the money.
No, they're
they're really they're totally fine. I had another one where we, I was in a group with like three people and we had to list our thoughts on improvements for a school. But it was hard because they didn't give any specifics for the school and they just let us run. It was a horribly run story. This one is so much better because you could just talk to one person, have a
good time
maybe.
I don't know. It was about like leadership and I was very it was nine a.m. I was not having it. Yeah.
I think it was for problem so we're like a dome for the smokers on campus or something and like you know.
um depends on the campus. I guess that was the
thing
I didn't think where it was, they didn't say the kind of people who were there so like we're just going to generalize college students. Um So yeah
24 55 we have to see me five more seconds.
Wait, what was your name again?
Erica jess.
ask. I don't know whether they're not to do but wait is it with he? Okay
lovely.
Thanks for sharing. Uh huh.