Hello Jamie.
Hey. Not much, pretty pretty yourself?
Oh, in here. Is this your first time or you already done this before?
The first time? Yeah. This is like my 5th 6th time now. Yeah.
yeah. Yeah. And they keep like I think sending more more trials or whatnot. But um yeah it's been pretty interesting so far. I've got a lot of different people from all over and all parts of, you know, all walks of life, so it's been pretty cool. Where where you are men
interesting. Northeast. Okay. New Jersey. Nice. Nice.
Um Right now. Well I'm originally from florida but I'm right now. I moved over to Washington. Uh
Yeah, Washington State. Yeah, I'm in the Northwest. Uh huh.
Yeah, man, I've never I've only been in New Jersey once. That was a new work when I when I first got there um I was like how do I say? It's like, it's like I didn't I didn't arrive at JFK in new york and I drive a new work and from new york I took a a taxi over in new york city, but that was like going to environment in New Jersey, so not
quite.
Yeah, it's very industrial from what I what I saw. Mhm.
Stop.
okay, okay. You weren't there? Or
do you work in new york city or you working interesting.
Cool. So what do you do now about me? Huh?
Right now I'm working remote as a writer, like contributor for like an online publishing company. Um Yeah, it's pretty pretty self explanatory. Just write articles, right? Different testicles, different presentations for for the publisher. So that way they can go ahead and and you know make their recorders or whatever, so it's all right. Um Currently just kind of you know selling down here in Washington, getting to know Washington, so it's been pretty awesome, I'm not gonna lie. Um You get a chance, you should definitely come over and check it out for yourself.
Oh yeah, that's nice.
Oh like they're like
glaze slash like right, like they're like crispy great, like crispy kind of. Yeah.
dude, Nice. I've had like I've had those but I've had like ants in Colombia when I was
like a
couple years back. Yeah, not bad. They're like a little salty, like a little salty like like
flavor.
Yeah, and I've also taken like a I've taken an Entomology class before, so like I was already familiar with the fact that there's like, you know, there's actually like an insect diet. People follow insect diets out there. Yeah.
So
I I've only seen certain parts of it, I haven't been like all through all of it, because obviously, you know, covid into lockdown and stuff over here is a little bit more like they actually take it seriously. Like recently they wouldn't have the governor want to have an issue like a, like an official lockdown, so now people can like can't do anything basically, you know, I just got a gym membership, can't even go to the gym, it's over. Um So I mean, we'll see how it goes, hopefully it's beneficial, what it helps out, we'll
see.
no, everywhere right now in the States, it's pretty, pretty fucking bad. Like, I was looking at um florida florida's nothing, I mean you're not spiking up right now, Washington spiking up right now, Washington not that great. I think also michigan's not doing that great. Um But
hopefully
that's
it is, it is, it's just like, I don't know, there's there's different cues that one can take, like if we have countries like new Zealand and like, I don't know what the other one uh
was
Australia
like being the
only thing
or some,
I mean obviously their government, their governments don't work as the same way, but there's different maybe procedures or different things that they can implement in like in their in their whole like relief system, I can probably benefit a lot of americans right now, what I'm saying, like there's there's gotta be something because like it's not that we're, you know, we're supposedly, you know, the most resourceful country in the world, were supposed to have all the resources, quote unquote, you know, anything is possible, We put our time, resource and management into it. So I don't, I cannot believe we're going through our third wave right now, this is literally our third wave of covid, insane.
Shit.
That
we don't
Yeah. I'm not even going back home for the holidays. Like I'm not going back home for thanksgiving. I'm not going back home for christmas. I mean my parents aren't like they're not in the older bracket, but like my grandparents are still around and they could be, you know, it could be in jeopardy, especially my grandpa.
I just feel terrible of like, you know, they were something were to happen and be like, oh yeah, you caught it because you
were infected and you didn't even know and next thing, you know, you invited everybody then something
happens. It's just
like, oh shit dude, like when I live with that one.
So I had, I had a gap where my previous employer was like, oh, you know we're name people often there. Yeah that's expected. So I mean I was already on the chopping block because again I decided to be a little bit more precautious and I took I took two weeks off prior to the unofficial um what do they call these? No god what's that term? That's like no, no it's not, it's not laying off
its uh yes a uh furlough. Yes exactly, so they furloughed employers but thing is I had taking myself out of like I took myself out of work on my own decision making because I live with Oh there's at the time who were 75 years older and then my grandmother was a diabetic. so I was like yeah
I'm not doing it, so I called my boss man listen man like you know I love you go to work but right now I I can't I can't be in my apartment, my apartment going through the construction right now being repaired and I'm standing with my grandparents and shit. So I was like oh I can't I'm not going to rescue it. So whatever. He got mad. And then I mean I'm sure he like told like the upper ups and then they're like all right, well you know john didn't seem like he's a guy who's like probably not gonna stick it out for our company, so let's go ahead and chop them so whatever. Um So after that I got time and then I was like alright let me and my cousin who is over here Washington, she's doing school, she's already working. She's a pretty pretty good over here. And I've always wanted to go to the west, the west coast, that's what that was. What kind of like drew me over so I was like, hey you know, I've got time, I've got some money saved up, like what are you doing? So I came out here and stayed at her place, she stayed at her boyfriend's and they're like I said to her place for about two months and then when I haven't gotten Airbnb and got over here, Just one right answer.
definitely.
And right,
Oh
um yeah, slowing down a little bit um because I had to like do so much work throughout the day and I'm about to get a german shepherd so it's just gonna be pretty, yeah, it's gonna be a responsibility so so I'll be in a lot of work. Um Yeah, I usually play single player, so I'm not like a very big social gamer, like I just think a lot of multiplayer games and that kind of dead would be not really into the whole
I don't
know.
I mean I played Overwatch that play like uh what similar big monetary I take war zone. Um
me neither did I'm not yeah I just did it for the high but it was free and my cousins were playing some. All right, let me just let me entertain it. Um I'm waiting on cyberpunk. That's that's my my
next
it's been delayed already. It should have should have come out. It was about to come out like four days when they pushed it back to december. So like damn great.
Yeah. Yeah hopefully the pushback is is making it's like allowing the ports to like not having any issues. That's like the biggest thing that they were talking about. Like we don't want to go ahead and Having like 100% for the council's. Then you push it out of PC and PC turns out to be garbage. That's good. Um
Yes, Cd Red or whatever. Project red, whatever they're called.
you couldn't get into it. All right. So like, here's the thing. Yeah. It took me a while for me to say like, this game is actually damn good. Like it's actually a damn game. Like
I was
like, uh
trust me, it took me a while because I wasn't I was just like I couldn't quite get like a taste for it. I was like, I don't really like, you know, every RPG is kind of like a mess up very other RPG has ever been made. But I was like, alright, let me see where this goes and see where it goes. And I was like, I know at one point I was like I damn one. Once you're in the thick of it, you're like I I see like why this game was like hyped up the way it is. I see it like once
you're in it you're like in it. Yeah,
I do definitely, definitely. As someone who like I'd say I like our produce a lot of producers definitely along like my favorites, anything from like tactical refugees, Isometric. RPGS Brothers gave Final Fantasy. You name it? I mean I'd say like, which which are three is definitely like it deserves to have that game of the year like praise for sure. Like it
it's
it's
it
is.
If you're not how about this? If you're not sold on it, you're not sold on it. Do you? Do you like Gothic stuff like vampire, like Gothic
stuff
like?
All
cool. Okay. All right, so the expansion one, the expansion pack called Blood and Wine. Um It will it will definitely sell you like I think I think if that's like the the expansion that took the witcher three to where it needed to go for some for some fans it took it there on the gameplay aspect because some people thought that was lacking, it was just lacking. Um I guess a challenge. People thought it was not really much of a challenge and it was pretty easy. So let's let's go and pick it up on that. And they did they introduced Legendary Gear. And then they also they gave a really good story, like a really good plot of what like the the events that happened in this in this area. Um So yeah I yeah that expansion to me is is what sealed the deal at that point. Yeah, like that that's the whole package I'd say. So
it's already it's already happened here initially. I think today already happened here. It's like I said I could I can't even go to gym anymore.
Do
do
your speaking
you're speaking to like yeah you're speaking you're talking about music man, that's like literally one of my favorite things all the time. He's
that blitz ball, blitz ball.
do that game is yeah, forever my heart do that game is like amazing that the story of that game is probably one of the best stories, everything I've ever ever seen an endgame. It's
insane.
It was crazy. Like like blows your mind. Like as you get as you get to the end you're just like, oh my God, all the same.
Check this one out I just actually got because it was on sale but it will probably be on sale come come november come like Black Friend and several monday. But um if you're into like J. R. P. Gs like for instance the kind of fancy this is a cool one. Um It's called near Altamaha near all time. Yeah I just I just got it and um if you're into that stuff like like the whole post apocalyptic kind of futuristic like and like a I. Kind of run you know stuff that's a great game. Um It doesn't it's like a good one like one go ahead like you know it has re playability but I would say once you get once you get the main three endings which for easy to get. Um It's pretty much done but it's it's a well packaged game, everything you know from gameplay to music to characters. Um My one big like I guess complain about it. It's not like it kind of makes you go around the same areas too much. Like the old, like the over world, the over world is kind of stale. Like there's not, I mean it doesn't really motivate you to do anything besides just kind of focus on the, the main objective and stuff. It's kind of stale. But I think that's the whole point. You know, it's trying to kind of convey the idea of like a very, just kind of dead area, you know, kind of just like, you know, you have your nation so it's a very dead kind of destroyed
kind
of location.
But besides that, it's a great game. It's at least like an eight out of 10, I would
say.
not
do do I know
you have
actually
have actually have one of them? Yeah, yeah, yeah. They bring back, they bring back, it's not like as as like the bales are not like a like choppy, you know how it's like chopping? And I mean it's just like, it's like funny because it's like it's hit the deck real fast. But no, those are, there are always good always classics. Yeah.
football.
This began in Tony Hawk. I actually saw a pretty awesome video. This guy, um I can't remember whether he was, it was from this year before, but it was pretty recent. It was like for his 56th birthday, 57th birthday, something like that. And he's like, yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna attend my last 900. I'm going to my last 900. It was, it was such a crazy, inspirational video. The guy was, yeah, Graham. We saw it. We saw it. Um oh my my my room is right next to me.
Yeah. So this this one video of Tony hawk. He just like, he goes to this ramp tries God knows how many times like falls like hard, hard. Like just at one point he just looks like you just defeated. Just like you just can't even like fathom you can't even take it anymore. And then like at the end of just like I guess it's like wits and just like nails. It knows it. He's like, oh yeah it was like a big moment.
I mean
like
it is something news in this factory doing. Yeah,
it's like a 50 or 50 year old man doing the 900. Are you kidding me? Dude? That's insane. Dude,
that's why I would do. That's insane.
I didn't get into the whole fortnight like movement man. I was just like this is this is I can't, I can't buy into it. Like I appreciated it for its competitive like function because I could see
like how it could be like a pretty pretty competitive game. You know what I'm saying? Um But I was like I it's just, it's just like not my, not my style, everything was just kind of like out of nothing really to to to to me really meshed. Well I was just like, you know, it was just kind of like you had some gloss over, you had some gloss over a very sound like fundamentally sound game. So I would say
huh.
What?
you
get, you get, you can pretty much face like whoever right? Kinda get
wrecked
by like a goddess and
they have the border
true.
game I used to be pretty good with amateur wise was smashed. Like me and my buddy smashed. But there's a lot funny story.
Here's
a funny story.
He's a funny story dude. So um the number one player in the world right now 100 box like he went to the same university that I went to U. F. And like he was like amongst like our our friend group like
so he would like go over our apartments and we were like here and there here and there. We would play fast with him. And like dude he's literally like he's literally a god. So like yeah he's literally a god. So like he'll whip out. I don't know how, I don't know how much you know about the smash community but like he um he's he's literally the the number one ge like like some people debate whether he is Number one All Time. Um Some people say this other guy that Swedish guy, Armada is over this other and then this other guy, Mango from America is like, you know, he's very big and county and all that. But um some people would say that without a doubt, he is the number one jiggly puff, jiggly puff player in the world, that's his name. And
like he'll just he'll just like this throw you you're just like just just toss you in the winds easy. Like I'm like this is stunning and fun anymore. It's I will consider myself a pretty good amateur player. Like I I think I could actually like wreck the average like smash player On the good one. We won. But him do I couldn't even touch him, couldn't touch him,
can
you touch him?
I used to be like the the college, they used to be like the college game or we get together because it was, it was, it was a good live game, you know, it's a good like kind of party style live game. People will be
more or less kind of decent with it. So like it was good competitive if you have good Competition between four players, they're like more or less even then it's like it's fun, you know? It gets pretty, it's pretty cool. Um You played with sports at all Angels
dude. I mean I hear it, I mean she was pretty big like in the Northeast and like those areas.
come
on
dude.
hmm.
it
Who's
though?
Do people do this insane? Especially in person. I remember I remember some good, some good matches man, you could match some some good duels man. Some get to a home there.
How
are you? How are you?
This
what?
the smack card for the smack talk remember?
um No no I just not really. I don't need I mean I do play basket like real life basketball. I'm like I'm like a basketball fan. Yeah I like to follow the NBA even though I think it's just like a shit show at this point. Uh It really is. Um Yeah I called the NBl on my team is like the Miami heat which funny enough I don't know if you follow but like they were in the finalists that were in the and
the
union panel makers. Yeah. Lakers but damn it was it was a good run man. It's a good run. But unfortunately our players just we were looked pretty gas at the end. Like some of our starting players were injured and they couldn't really do anything. So That's
a good one.
Wonderful.
I
just yeah, I know that, I hated, I hated it has to be against the raw. Like I wish the tables would have turned. I wish that he could have given him a loss, but oh well
no,
I
okay. I see you. I see you. I'm I'm like, I don't know, I'm like a dude who like, I think Lebron is like a pretty, I think he's an artist. I think he's just like things really highly of himself. Um It's not really humble do when it comes to that, but and he's incredibly gifted. Obviously, I think he's like,
yeah, like his game is undoubted, you can't can't say anything about that. Um But
dude,
I mean, here's the thing, I was on the receiving end, I was actually benefiting from this, but but but given like if I was from, if I was in Cleveland, oh my God, heard
the
pain
dude,
I
know
I know
you're the only one that called it was this guy, remember I'll never forget it was this guy named chris Broussard. Like the es on ESPN, he goes like the day before he goes, I'm he goes guys, I'm 80% sure Lebron James is gonna start with the baby. I'm 80% sure. Okay, you
said.
Yeah, because I remember the exact place where I was, who I was with, how I heard it, how I reacted, but I saw like, like it was like yesterday to me because I was, I was just like, oh my God,
which is
acquired. I just saw rings, I just saw rings in my my I'm just, I just like rings come to me. I'm like, oh my God, when I seen
two Are they, man?
Let's
go.
That's going to be nice. That's gonna
there. I may
get
into it.
The one now
the Seattle cracking,
great
to hear that Seattle is about to get a hockey team.
Let's
see the Seattle cracking. Mm Seattle cracking. That's, that's dope. Okay.
You know,
speaking
of speaking of Seattle teams at the, these guys willing to see how come
all I lost.
I am.
didn't lose 16 and 23. I think they're so top, top in their division.
What?
Yes, they are. Yes, they are. Right, wow. That's crazy. I was like, damn, no
Packers.
is interesting interesting because like the, like the far days or like the
no.
thanks.
yeah, I am. okay interesting.
I'm
not
hell yeah, I mean, yeah. Yeah you've been pretty been pretty lucky. How are they doing this season?
wow. The box went today and they didn't want their 7, 3. It did, it did
Do a nice nice package of Wisconsin and it's cold.
three or 4 times.
What is in Wisconsin man? Like I can't really like put a put an image to Wisconsin like you know
michigan
I could
do it. That's the way.
dude,
That's
3 4 am. Yeah.
What,
And the hard core dude,
No
all
I've had like I've had like pretty similar like experiences like a very big like it's a very big like football games like uh you know University of florida like they
go pretty hard man. They are pretty hard like they don't have the entire campus like. Yeah let's go let's go.
Oh yeah I didn't know. Yeah they actually do they have a pretty damn good offense this year. Some say it's the top
top
oven
in the nation. Mhm.
They were like eight against Georgia.
They'd just be Georgia number five. So um let's see where you're at is right now. But they uh that's right six right now. Uh huh. Actually
Yeah they rang six and they just beat Arkham. They just destroyed Arkansas. My God. Yeah they do they do they do it's gonna be nice. Yeah
To Rutgers like. R. R. U. C. K. E. R. S. O.
Oh Rutgers Rutgers. Okay guys you guys dude Rutgers is like my
family
was in the
group.
Your family. I have like three people that damn. Okay. Remember had said he had three people going to Rutgers from his family? Yeah
Rutgers is uh
it's a pretty like recognized like school right? Like I mean. Yeah.
What?
There's I mean there's uh there's 343 like Maine for four main state schools. Like University of Florida is one. Actually. Maybe more than one university of florida is one. I'll
now. Fsc Forest University. There is um. Oh okay. You mean like states like with the state in it like
the state
name?
Okay. All right. So in that case then there's only florida state university. Well
Although I'd say you f is like you have to us better than then like um is the most overall, like it's the most overall like balance school in florida in terms of like if we're talking and even bands, it's just excellent kind of everything like It does really well, academics, it's ranked like Greater six public school nation. Also the sports program is its top five nation in terms
of
like
all the.
Yeah like all the programs so like I know it's I'd say you have is probably our best like florida's basketball now.
State school florida state then you have you Cf which is like the Orlando central area
that you have, you're really in Miami which is a private school, then you have
Private school. Yeah. I have expensive, pretty expensive to go intuitions like $57, insane.
Um And you have University of South by south florida which is like Tampa at west coast region area. So those are pretty much the biggest universities in florida right there. Um With like you F. And F. S. U. Being the biggest in size and bigger biggest with my students. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh dude. Sweet, nice
man. Yeah, I have my own little dinner thing that's going on tonight, so we'll see how that goes.
dude, definitely man, definitely. And um yeah man, for sure. For sure. Good luck out there.
Yes. Stay warm out there man for sure.
Um and take it easy,
yep, me too.