Hey, how's it going? Oh
yeah. Hey what's going on in?
Yeah not bad. Just trying to make $15.
I did this on friday for the first time.
Oh wow nice. You're making because of money doing this one.
I'm from the Northeast and from New Jersey.
How are you
in Washington state?
opposite sides of the country.
Well network
does not do a good job of showing off New Jersey.
but New Jersey is nice man. We got we got a lot here. It's like lots of different stuff,
like there's plenty of hiking trails and stuff all over the state. Then obviously you got like new york city which is awesome. It's probably takes me about an hour to get to new york from Ramat.
What's that?
No I never have I I wanted to when I was younger but never never ended up really making my way out there. Um I have a bunch of friends that work there though. Yeah.
Uh Yeah, no problem. I work at a Biosciences company so um I'm the internal communications Manager for for pastoral Biosciences. How are you?
Yeah I've been to Seattle actually. Um
Yeah a couple years ago I went on a trip to Vancouver and Seattle. We went um to Vancouver first and then we drove down, rented a car and drove down to Seattle and then went back to Vancouver for a couple of days. So that was cool onto a Mariners game. Inedible. Pretty fun. Um I didn't watch any of that game. Uh I don't know if you've ever been to Safeco field but they serve like um um what's it called? Like those crickets or whatever, they like
like a snack
crispy. And they they're like they were hot, they were like they weren't buffalo, but they were like spicy and honestly they were not bad.
I love
that.
It's like
eating like a, like a dried chickpea or something.
I don't know
why Safeco field has crickets, but it was cool. That was an interesting place, man. I don't know how close you are to Seattle, but
man.
So we had, we had like our lockdown in like March or whatever. We like, it was basically like two months. We couldn't do anything and then the summer was okay. But like we're spiking over here too. Um,
I mean the whole country in general is, is really at their action right now. It's tough
man. I
don't, I don't envy the, the governors and, and like the lawmakers, like it's a hard position to be in right
Australia
I
think recently
blink
Robbins
there.
I mean it is pretty crazy to see. I think people are just tired of all the talk about it and not that that's like an excuse or anything, but like it's just uh it's tough man. It's, it's, and it's interesting too because like I'm sure Washington is similar like, you know, we have some very like urban areas in New Jersey, but we also have some really rural areas and like the Dickinson attitude between those two areas is always so interesting to see because like the people who live in the more urban areas and like I wouldn't say that I live in urban areas, it's like a suburb. But um even even like from here where I live to like
some other counties down in South Jersey where it's like more rural farms and stuff and it's all spread out. Like the people down there just like think about things totally differently. It's pretty, it's
like when they're far away like it takes me like two hours to get 2.5 hours maybe to get to South Jersey from where I'm at. So it's just, it's crazy.
It's crazy.
Yeah. It's a hard decision to make to. I just talked to my parents about that a couple of days ago and I was like, listen, it doesn't make sense for us to do all this stuff. Like, you know when we could just skip a year, like it's not a big deal, you know, as much as like facetime and stuff kind of sucks, but.
Yeah, you don't want to be there.
Early,
totally.
So what brought you to Washington? Like What was the impotent?
Like
Well anne.
Nice niceness. Yeah, that's a good time to like kinda as weird as it is to say like it's a good time to make a jump like that
because uh you know, work from home and everything like, I mean, I I can do my job from anywhere. I haven't been going into the office, you know, I technically can. It's like if I wanted to, I could be in like hawaii right now, my boss would never know,
you know, Which would be awesome. But I mean, I'm also not really too keen on like taking a flight, but it is what it is. I'm enjoying working for my bed. Yeah,
I noticed he got that nice headset. You game at all.
What games
do
you like
card? I'm not a big car guy. I don't know. God.
man.
That came looks awesome.
Yeah that came looks amazing.
that's what that's um that's the same people that made the Witcher, right?
I couldn't intended Witcher. I
after
everyone
I know who was played and said.
So
I gotta I gotta give it more of a chance I think
I'll definitely give
it another
shot. I have game passed for my for
my
Xbox. So
I
mean
it's not like I don't have anything against it. I'm not
like into it, but like
Alright cool. Yeah, I'll definitely give it another chance. Um I'm pretty sure we're going to be going back into lockdown soon, so Yeah.
So um So you're like final fantasy. I played the shit out of final fantasy 10
back in the day.
That game was
man.
That game was so good. What was the name of um the like soccer like game?
Yeah dude, I played so much of that as a kid. Oh my God was so fun.
that
he was awesome.
I love that game, that game I have to say though like I haven't really played to many other like RPGS. I played mass effect. I like that game.
Like post
apocalyptic
what he said. Yeah.
All
right. I'll check it out. I'm sure I'm going to have some time coming up. So um game that
I've been loving recently is that the Tony awkward masters?
Those
are
still good.
I played I probably probably played like Tony Hawk one and to like so much as a kid. Oh my God, so it's
nice to be able to like playing on a real system that actually like, you know, it's not like slow as hell.
has no worse.
Yeah. That's awesome. That's crazy
because he's pretty old, right? What do you say he was like 56
or something?
That's wild.
Yeah. It's crazy. It's crazy.
Did you play Fortnite at all?
Support.
I'm going to put it. Yeah, I actually really enjoyed Fortnight. There was really like no story to it and like it or putting threads together to like make a story out of like not much, but um
overall, like me and my buddies played this shit out of that for a long time, but we kind of fell off like it after a while, it just was like, you know, we're not competitive gamers and you're getting just crushed by people who are just
10 times better than you because for the longest time there was no even matchmaking, so it's just like, dude, it was
just like impossible.
I mean
they
fixed
it but like not really
and you know, we just kind of fell off, but I had
I'm
so
bad as I can.
way, we're cool.
Night.
That's wild. I
love
attitude, I'm so bad at it. I never had a 64 or like game cube or anything growing up, so like I never really played it unless I was at a friend's house and I have a switch now, but I don't have smashed for it. Um But my buddy has a switch and get smashed and bring it over every once in a while, and I just get crushed every time like.
Four players.
Sports. Yeah. Yeah. I play um well I don't really play anymore, I used to play a lot of NHL. Ah
yeah. The only thing that I hate about NHL is like There's there's no other NHL game besides EA sports and they literally have not changed the game since like 2016. So I haven't bought
one
since 16 really, it's sort of just the same game and I like playing the franchise mode and they really try to push people to go play like the ultimate team mode which is basically just micro transactions on top of micro transactions. So that kind of sucks
what has been a fan of Madden. But I think the Madden nine games were like way better on the PS two ERA. I think there are way better than than they are now. Um
I played FIFA from time to time,
but again, another
game
that I haven't bought a new one since 16 because the game really hasn't changed all that much. Um People so fun though, dude. Oh my God. Yeah.
yeah, two on 2. It's like the best way to play FIFA. Man.
I
we used
to get like
we used to get a house down the shore at the beach with a bunch of our friends in the summer and we go down every weekend and we would just like come home from the bars and just fire up Xbox. Start playing two on two. FIFA's awesome men. Like to like three and four in the morning. Right?
Yeah, that's amazing man. You play any sports teams?
were playing
the
It happens
definitely happens. It's a also,
you know like going up against Lebron to
it's always
I'm not a fan of Lebron to be honest. I
can't stand
him.
yeah. He's a great player. You can't deny him that.
The reason I didn't like him is remember when he left Cleveland and he had like that special on ESPN like oh
whatever.
I
don't
I'm not a big
basketball guy, but like just the fact that he like held an hour long special on
ESPN
And like all these rumors were like he's staying in Cleveland, he donated $1 million dollars the same day to like the boys and girls club of Cleveland. All just to announce that he was going to play in Miami like are you kidding
me
creating
and
That's
fine.
Hey Seattle is getting a hockey team in.
expert
not this
season season after
Seattle tracking
I think
that
direction
cracking
I think so
I'm pretty sure
we have a cracking
up.
They
have
their
no they lost.
Yeah he lost. Apparently
Wilson had to look a terrible day through two picks I think. Yeah.
yeah there's a there's a three way tie. I actually
heard it on the radio, it's like the Cardinals, the Seahawks and the Rams are all six and three.
I'm a Packers fan so it doesn't affect
all that much but mhm
uh sort of I
mean the real reason is my dad so my my dad my dad grew up here like but in like the sixties and in the sixties the
Giants games for some reason we're always blacked out on tv. So they would show the Packers games instead. And the Packers were really good in the sixties. They won like two or three super bowls I think. And so that's how my dad became a Packers fan. And then obviously, you know the apple doesn't fall far
and
obviously,
you know, like I grew up with farms so that was nice and now I got Rogers so I haven't had a bad quarterback my entire life.
I think there's six and 2 or seven and 2. Yeah. They didn't play great today. But is what it is.
The crap out of the Packers when they played
Dude Wisconsin. It's cool. It's cool place to visit. I've been there three or four times.
Yeah. I mean only for Packers games really. But
lots
of open
space,
lots of open space. It's like just farms and shit. Um, So I've been to Milwaukee but I was really little, I was like eight years old and I went with my family and I don't really remember much about Milwaukee, I'm sure it's just like a small city, it's probably not that different from then Seattle besides the fact like that, you know, super conservative, Seattle's like super liberal. But um and like Green Bay, Green Bay is crazy because it is literally the whole town just shuts down on Sundays. Like you know how like on college game days like your whole college town, it's just like shut down, it's all about the game, that's it for sunday, for sunday football in Green Bay, which
is awesome. I mean
it's crazy
and there's the stadium is like in a part of the city where it's like surrounded by houses, it's not surrounded by like skyscrapers, there really are no skyscrapers actually
in Green Bay at all. And like people paint their fences with like packer stuff across the street from the stadium.
They shut down like four or 5 blocks all around the stadium. It's basically just a giant block party for like the entire day. It's often man, if you ever get the chance to go see a Packers game, I would definitely recommend it. Like even if you don't really care about like whoever the packers are playing, like it's awesome dude, it's so cool. And uh it's just like you pop into like
a convenience store or whatever, you know, for whatever reason on
a sunday and they're just like oh you're going to the game like that and people are mad friendly, like he was super super super friendly out there and.
Oh yeah, they do it.
I was a florida fan growing up. I liked you. You f
I feel
like number
three
Aren't they ranked like three or 4 or weren't they?
All
So you've got to answer the playoffs?
I went to Rutgers so my football team sucks.
Are you T. G. E. R. S.
they're
having
year
this year.
Nice. Yeah I mean it's
so.
Yeah it's funny because like growing up here you're like oh it's Rutgers but then like people from out of state they're like wow Rutgers like but it's just a big thing school you know like it's like it's like penn State in pennsylvania like same type of deal. Is that I guess it's florida
is U. F. Like the state school of florida or?
after a few.
like
what chris
paul stuff like the state university of New Jersey.
so florida state is like the flagship for florida. Got it.
As
you
see
me.
Cotton.
Miami
It's a school night.
Damn.
Alright man it was really nice talking to you. I'm going to go because I got some chipotle
over
so it was nice talking man. Um I'm glad I had an opportunity to meet somebody new.
Yeah. You too man. Stay safe and everything.
Yeah you too.
And then we're gonna