go. It's more than that.
Hi, how are you?
I'm
doing well.
So what part of the country are you from?
I'm
actually from florida, so completely different. Yeah.
it's on the later end, but I mean it's friday night just sitting here watching my husband play Call of Duty right now.
Yes. We're actually both in the restaurant industry, so we're used to being up later. So this is prime time for us.
No management.
I gave up the serving thing a long time ago.
I can't
do it anymore. Mhm.
It's really hard relying on people for your money
because
Down here Server wages 5 44 I think now. So I mean if your God forbid it's not somebody that actually tips, then you're just out for money that day. So
So
what are you doing?
I've actually looked
into that, but never was for me. I'm not I'm not one for keeping up with the social networking too. Well,
I mean,
I'll sneak up for memes all day, but other than that, I'm not really a poster.
no, I didn't even realize Tiktok had become as big as it was, until my stepdaughter was over here doing all these dances and I'm like, what are you learning these things? Apparently Tiktok? Apparently that's the new cool thing that I'm not cool enough to know about now.
Gosh, it's, it's weird seeing the age difference is on there too. Like,
I was
looking
on
facebook and I've seen people that I graduated with that are all about Tiktok and then, you know, the $11.11 year old stepdaughter is all about Tiktok? I'm like, okay, so this is a multi platform as far as the age groups, because I'm still doing the facebook and they're all on Tiktok and Snapchat now.
That's
weird. Oh,
they'll do
what?
No
way
to make me feel old. Uh huh
No.
Well,
Oh, wow. I remember
it was probably about a year ago, one of the servers didn't show up for work, so I was calling around, no one was answering, so I went on facebook and send her a message, just trying to figure out if everything was okay. And then I was
talking to some of the other servers and they're like, she's not going to get that message for like two years, and they're like, yeah, nobody uses facebook anymore. And I'm like, what? That's
that's the only thing I know. So, I mean, I guess the 21st century, you've got to live through all of the Myspace and Facebook's uh
Yeah, I didn't know, I didn't even this go, uh I'm gonna have to start looking up all of the social networking, so I'm going to be in again. Oh
so
um how's the coronavirus issues holding up in your end?
What?
Yeah, all day.
The mall is already open.
No,
well being
from florida, we definitely had that, we had, they just wanted all the tours to stop coming in, but I'm in the northwest area so I'm right by the Alabama border and it's, I don't think it's actually gotten here yet. I think the majority of the cases are in central florida, so I mean Miami Orlando, I don't think they've actually reached us yet,
but for the most part everybody seems to be following the guidelines. Um I know that we were on a stay at home order so um I don't think any of the malls or anything of opened yet. I know that this upcoming monday though, they're doing all the nail salons and the barbers and stuff like that. Trying to do like a soft opening so we'll see how it goes.
I think it's, I don't think this is even the worst of it honestly
because I mean I was reading some of the statistics from what was it, the spanish influenza and we already for the coronavirus, the death rate and all of that. It's already higher. And I was like how could that be? We haven't even had that many deaths. Well it lasted for you know, 23 years so there's no telling we're going to be for two years from now.
But working in social marketing, I'm sure that your your stay at home jobs pretty solid right now. Yeah.
Um Yes my husband and I we both have worked in the restaurant industry. Um I've been in restaurant management, he's in chef for a while but we're both out of a job now because of all of this
so
and I'm sure you've heard about the florida unemployment issues.
Oh goodness okay so um uh florida they've only paid out so far like 12% of the unemployment claims that have been filed.
The website the website crashed because uh Governor Rick scott the one that we had before he set the system up so that only a certain amount of people could file unemployment to basically make his numbers look better. So the website crashed. They had to go in and build a new website that
one crashed. So they resorted to paper applications for unemployment
and a tourist driven state in which all restaurants were closed down. And so that's what we're dealing with. I know half the people that I used to work with serving still haven't gotten there first unemployment job.
yeah thankfully they're not doing any uh foreclosures or anything like that yet but I mean that's probably gonna start up in the next month or so, I think
not us
we're done
Mhm. Yeah so I'm probably the majority of my friends that have filed for unemployment, they're already going back to their jobs because we're doing soft opening for the restaurants, 25% seating capacity and they still haven't received their first unemployment check. So
I'm pretty sure florida is the laughing stock of America right now as far as unemployment goes
I'm sure it's
one of those topics that kind of got old talking about because it was it was a pretty big deal whenever all this stuff started because of the unemployment, but after that it was just it's just kind of one of those jokes um like I mean our governor screwed us over, it happened.
So
how many
do you have?
Just
one?
thank
you.
Uh stepdaughter, Anna Stepson? 11 and six. So you
said you can pull them out of daycare completely, are you home schooling him
or anything?
Mr
not quite pre k age yet.
Of lucky we've got 1/5 grader and a Kindergartner
that
I think
mm that's actually what I'm kind of doing as my job right now is doing their school with them so it makes it pretty much easier on uh their birth mom to have me go do their schoolwork for them. But the Kindergartner, we need him back in school.
No
hyper.
Like his project for me earlier today was hey write down a list of all of your friends names from your class so we can get like set up some google hangout time so that you can, you know, have friends and run around and be happy and you know, not
not keep messing up.
that's
horrible. Our weather is, it's pretty good. Um, we get rain way more
than you would
think Sunshine State is. It's alive. Um,
we get rain constantly. So that's,
that's one of those things that always stops us from going outside, but where we live, we live in, um, the downtown area. So the houses
don't really have like fences or yards, they're closer together, so are outside area was always the park. So now it's just like, okay, are we just going to walk around the street a couple of times or because you really don't want to go to the park whenever there's a coronavirus plus. They had all the parks closed down to. Yeah, it's been a pretty difficult not
to mention all the outdoor toys have been sold out in this area.
Can't even
find
bubbles.
No, I was going to help them make their mama, mother's Day president and I was going to get some of the little bubbles that they use at weddings because we're gonna use a food coloring to make bubbles and blow them on canvas and it's really cute.
Thank you.
But yeah, no, they're sold out of everything. Yeah. No
toilet
paper.
I'm sure somebody too. But thankfully I had just gone on a crazy amazon spree and stocked up on paper towels and toilet paper's not even two weeks before all this stuff happened. So like I had a big box of toilet paper in the bathroom was like, oh good for me, we still have a couple of roles from it, so its lack of us this entire time.
Had
one
surprisingly no um
whenever you go to the grocery store, especially the canned food aisle is it's still a wiped clean. Um I've been doing walmart grocery pickup just because it's been uh well not to pick up, I've been doing delivery just because they had a free child on it, But every time I've tried to put in an order 10 minutes later I'd be like, oh by the way, these items are out of stock and I'll be like half the things that were in my heart are out of stock. So yeah, I'm still looking for canned green chiles. I've been looking for those for like three weeks now. No
one time.
Well um if you can't find east Beer will work,
can hear thankfully I have the use but surprisingly bread has not been hard to find. It
was hard to find for like a week. But after that everything with the bread kind of went back to normal. It's mostly just like the canned food items that everybody keeps talking up on. We have a dollar general right up the street from us and as far as the necessities go, they've had them in stock every every time we've gone there.
That's
that's where
that you say that. I think that uh down here in florida the little little small stores are just as popular in common is going to the grocery store. We have a dollar general or a family dollar At least two per neighborhood.
So I mean whichever way you go out of my neighborhood there is either a family dollar or a Dollar general or Walgreens or something like that.
Yeah.
That's so weird. That is yeah because going to the dollar general to grab something real quick is one of the most heard of things here. You're not going to go back to walmart or publix or something like that. You know about Publics.
You
have
we call public the grocery store for fancy people because it is a little bit more on the
expensive end. Um
If you're
cope
honor yeah if you're a coupon er it's cheaper but if you're not a coupon er it's all expensive. The thing about publix is the slogan is it's a pleasure to shop here. It really is
the
people.
goodness. The atmosphere like it's one of those places where there's a little cafe right in the front where you can go to the deli and get your lunch and then you can go sit out by the flowers and have your meal. Yeah. No it's a great atmosphere
and they actually
care.
can have to take a road trip.
I
keep
I keep
hearing about other grocery stores that I've never been to and I'm like I really want to go there like algae. Do you have one of those?
I don't
know that
one over there. Mhm.
We don't have whole foods either.
That's awesome. We really like to go, we like to go to the produce market for produce but usually we end up just getting it wherever we are. Um That's one of the things that stays pretty cheap down here. At least. I've never seen an inflation on veggies. Yes
time.
The
of. Yeah. Well I mean we have one in town that it's popular. Everybody knows what it is. Most of the farmers markets or pop up farmers markets that only happen on the weekends. But there's one produce market that stays open seven days a week. Um Yeah no that's my favorite place.
It's
not not
a thing out there.
that's
true.
Yeah we have the one it's not completely open air but they have the garage doors that they can open up fully. But I mean for the most part it kind of just looks like a big warehouse but it's all local produce from
uh I didn't know they are. Huh I guess I keep forgetting that snow is a thing. Yeah.
I don't envy me, humidity is a thing to.
You
were
you were. Yeah I know I worked of course working in florida restaurants that worked out at the beach and there are a number of restaurants. You'd be amazed a number of restaurants that don't have air conditions like whenever there on the beach, they kind of just want you to have that BG feel while you're eating. Imagine
being
Or or a manager working 70 hour work weeks during the busy season. I used to be such a lightweight when it came to the heat of the summer. It's nothing now.
I'm actually originally from Philly but didn't live there too long. I vaguely remember snow. Um But where I was, it really wasn't ever um a pile of snow. It was kind of just slush but uh yeah there's the heat, it gets to you quick, you learn to deal with it. Uh
That's what I said. All
Oh well no, I remember I used to like fantasize about moving up north specifically for the winters and I mean down here we have pretty mild winters, they do get bad occasionally. Um I mean especially for florida Floridians because they don't know how to drive on ice so if our roads ice over is just kind of hey nobody's going to work or anything but.
Oh yeah I remember a few years ago it's probably like seven or eight years we had such a bad freeze that the only things that were open for grocery stores um remember you couldn't get anything, I had to stock up on wine and stuff like that because you weren't going anywhere.
And I'm ashamed to say this I don't think the temperature ever got below 14°,
that's
What's
below
as you had? Yeah.
okay.
See I'm thinking about 40° weather and that's a perfect winter right there. Yeah.
so you said you had snow one easter, when do you
like when do you usually see snow again? Um Come towards winter?
see
how
Levine.
Oh goodness because here Halloween we have to two options as far as florida weather goes, you're either going to be sweating in your Halloween costume or you're going to be shaking and running from house to house because it's freezing, I can't remember ever having a Halloween where the weather it was just right
we don't have seasons here, it
goes straight from you know 99° to 40,
there's no in between
checking
the time for us
No um I actually picked it up after all of this stuff started going down, I had already had a account, I just never really logged into it um and then I sat there one day and just kind of Had the screen up and just did all of them as I was watching TV I ended up pulling in like $25 and one day and I was like I think I could I could have this open while the kids are doing their schoolwork. No problems there. What about you?
But.
Have
you looked up any research panels?
There's a couple of places. And when I say research panels basically you fill out a survey like normal and then if you qualify they will get in touch with you. Um
I've been in touch, they've contacted me and probably about 10 of them. I'm in the process of about four. Um basically they'll ask you certain questions. Some of them could be geared towards a certain product, some of them could be health related but um okay, so for instance, there was one it was a pest control study
and they wanted to know, especially in florida what people used for pest control, What worked what products
they stuck with.
exactly. But there's a few websites um if you google and kind of do a little bit of research, especially on Reddit, you'll be able to find some,
but they're pretty easy. I mean I remember one, I just had to record a short video of the, you know, like where the bugs come in or where I find them and stuff like that. It's
pretty, pretty easy stuff about Less work than doing surveys, but
whenever you actually do get accepted for research panel opportunity, the pay, I'm talking like 125-500 for two hours of your time. Mhm. So
that's another thing
to get to look into. Yeah. How
we
looking on time?
I
think.
So.
It
was very nice. I feel
like I learned some things about my country.
We
are a different breed down here.
She
doesn't
care. Yeah. No I'm definitely going on a road trip one of these days to an algae, whole foods and trader joe's.
That
was
Hopefully there's an IKEa close by because we don't have one of those either.
What?
uh I want one. Well
it's
goodness. It
was very nice to talk with you.
You too. I hope everything goes well with your family.