Hi.
Good,
how are you?
Good.
I am
from South Dakota. How about you?
So it's kind of late for you.
Oh, awesome. So do you like, do you work later usually or,
Are you a server?
Oh, okay, good for you.
It's
so hard.
I did it for a few years and I just got so burnt out. I was like, I just can't, I just can't be nice anymore. So
it
is,
Yeah, South Dakota's just like super conservative about everything and I can't remember what it was when I was doing it, but was really low, like, I don't know, $3 or something. That was crazy.
So,
um, I am, I work in marketing. I'm a social media manager. Yeah.
Look.
Yeah, for sure you kind of have to stay on top of the new things and, but
that's
Yeah, but that's why I hire people younger than me so they can just go stay on top of Tiktok and whatever. Yeah.
Oh, totally. Like, so my, one of my um supervises, like we were talking in a one on one and she did this little like thing and I was like, we just did a Tiktok dance moves. Like, no, she was like, did I? She totally did.
Yeah. It makes
me
so
full.
Yeah. Yeah. Like a lot of them doing and like the younger ones, like your stepdaughter don't even have facebook, which is super interesting. Like their knife and interested in having
an account.
instagram is starting to go that way to like, if they want to do photos, they'll do disco or whatever.
It's
go, it's B S. C. O. Don't know if you've seen that.
No.
So, yeah.
don't know if you've ever seen memes about this. Go girls,
it's like a look. You'll have you'll have to google
it later. It's like a whole thing.
So
well
What?
it's true. Yeah. It's wild. It's definitely like this industry or area like you're always learning, there's always stuff to learn. So
for me.
So
um you know like the state as a whole hasn't had a ton, but I'm in the biggest city in the state and we have a meat packing plant. You might have seen it in the national news. Like we had a huge outbreak in the meat packing plant and so that has kind of spread in the community a little bit. So. But yeah, people
aren't super concerned, which is kind of scary. Like I've been working from home since mid March and I pulled my son from daycare, he's three because like all those little kids are sneezing on each other. I am not,
I'm not keeping him in daycare. So, um, so I've taken it really seriously, but other people are like, like going to the mall and stuff and just like any nuts.
Yeah. The mall opened this week and our state never had like statewide closed
down measures.
Think.
Watching.
I just don't know. Yeah, I don't know how I feel about that, but
I agree. Yeah.
Oh my gosh. Yeah.
Yeah, absolutely. How is it for you? Like do you feel pretty stressful about work and
gosh,
I'm so sorry.
No, I haven't.
12%
Which
Oh my gosh.
Oh my gosh. That must be so stressful. I'm so sorry.
I'm
not
well, I'm glad to hear that. That's scary. I don't know why I was thinking about it earlier today but I was thinking about when I was a server earlier in my life and like what if something like this had happened then and was like back then? I mean I was working paycheck to paycheck and I don't think I knew anyone who wasn't in in the restaurants that I worked in. So I just can't I can't imagine are devastating. It would be especially if unemployment doesn't come through.
gosh wow.
Oh that's terrible. I can't believe I hadn't heard about that. Like I like to think that I kind of pay attention to the news but
all
Yeah. Oh that's awful. Yeah
so you have
the
I just have one that
he's almost
four, yep. A little boy. Do you
just
have your stepdaughter?
fine.
I did.
Well he's I mean he's only
three. Almost four. So I mean
yeah like I mean I guess I just have kept doing what I do anyway, which is like talk about letters and you know letter sounds and things like that but I'm not I'm not too worried about it honestly. So,
so
you're trying to be
a school at home too?
Yeah. Is that
the boy?
Okay? Play Flash?
What?
Yeah, it's so hard. It's like I'm sure you guys have great weather but we like the first, I don't know three weeks of all of the starting the weather was horrible here like we had snow on easter. So yeah imagine being like home with your child trying to work and like no outside time. It was it was
rough.
We
are,
let's stay green.
I'm
well.
bet.
Yeah. Here too. It's been
hard
to find
anything you came and find bubbles. Oh my gosh.
Oh cool. You're a good step mom.
That's how you have some
who knew that we would have shortages of bubbles and playground equipment during a
pandemic.
Like yeah, toilet paper, Who saw that one coming?
it's pretty impressive. I
feel like
we have some like shortages of stuff here, but I feel like that's getting back to normal. Do you feel like it is there too?
Really?
I haven't,
I haven't been able to have a yeast or get used. That's what like cooking baking yeast. Um So that's something diagnosed has stayed out of stock that seems like other stuff has come in where we don't have obviously as big of a population as you guys, so.
True. Good point.
It's
Oh that's nice. And those are the kind of places that I never think of too. So I'm sure there are other people who don't think to go there so maybe it's a little easier for them to pick
things
up.
How interesting.
And people would go there to pick up groceries. Oh
I feel like people would think that was really unusual here.
Yeah I've heard of it.
It's
like it's is it cheaper? No. Okay.
wait
the booze
free
groceries.
So
they
worked on the atmosphere and yeah
that
people
like want to go to a public. I should find out what the postage that's making me want to go to a public like you've got me sold. All
I guess so.
Wonder
where that
romance.
So cheap. Yes that's what I was thinking of when you said public. It's like a trader's trader joes, like it's the
same
company.
trader joe's is like a cheap whole foods kind of
Oh, okay. Well I don't know what to compare it to, but yeah, all day is awesome. It's like produce is so cheap there.
produce market. Do you? I feel like we're like from different countries here. Like there should not
be that many differences by produce
market. Do you mean like farmers markets like that?
You just blew my mind.
In fact,
we
no, well, I mean you couldn't have something around because of the weather because
farmers
market or farmers markets are usually open air right? At least up here. And so you can only do it like may through september
Oh, that's nice.
Vince knows a thing. Yeah, it's the thing, unfortunately. Yeah.
Oh my gosh, I lived in charleston south Carolina for one summer and I loved it. But I was like, I feel like I'm breathing underwater like it
is. So
you
as a server.
That sounds awful.
you can handle it. Are you from florida?
I don't know if I could ever adjust.
guess if I had long enough but yeah, but it gets harder every winter and my dad told me this, he was like the older you get, the harder the winters are going to be on you. It really is true. Like the cold and the snow just sucks so much more every every winter.
I'm just gonna say did they shut things down if you do that? Yeah.
that's when you know it's an emergency and you're like, here's some wine.
Yeah, but still
the ice. I think
the
thing
my gosh. Well, and I grew up in, I grew up near the Canada border in North Dakota. So up there, it got super cold. Like I remember With the windshield, I remember like negative 70 growing up. Yeah.
Yeah. Both.
I mean like in recent memory, 20 below would not be, it happens Like right around zero or one is like probably where we're at for most of January, so that's not fun. But yeah,
dad,
I would say right after Halloween, all bets are off. So
it's
like
it could be great for another month or it can snow. They just don't know.
Oh, that's so funny. It depends. I mean we can have a really lovely Halloween is where it's like 50° and the leaves are all changed in, but it's not so snow, so.
basic.
Oh my gosh,
wow. Yeah, that's cool.
Some,
yeah, just a few more minutes. It looks like, have you been doing surveys and prolific for long?
about the same like um I have a
friend who's actually, she's a researcher at a university and so when all this went down to was like, hey like if any of you guys just, you know want a little more money to put in savings or like if any of you lose your jobs like here, you should check this site out, we use it all the time, it's legit. And so I was like, oh well, I mean it never hurts. So yeah, I've been pretty happy with my experience
so far.
I haven't,
no.
Hm
It's not
so like market research kind of for a company probably.
that's uh
interesting
even.
Yeah
and listen
well
then
that must be our
science
I think I think we just hit our time. So
yeah it was nice chatting
with you.
Warm.
I didn't do like I I totally thought I knew things about florida but I did not know about produce markets so thank
you for everything
and I'm going to google the
closest
public.
joe's Yeah
you
should do all three in one day and see what you think.
I don't
either. So
I have to drive
three hours for one so. Okay
well
yeah best of luck.
Thank you. You too. Bye.