All right? Hello? Okay.
I can hear you. Can you hear me? Oh, perfect. Sorry, I was having issues with my headphones connecting to my computer, but I'm all good now. Mhm.
I'm Blaine
next meet you. Have
you done one of these before or
because?
that's what I did. And then I saw this one, I was like, okay, sounds different. So I'll try
it. Yeah.
Especially
to talk when I can barely talk to anyone right now. So, um,
I didn't see Seattle. What about
you? Oh, nice. I was just, I went to texas for the first time last year, but I was in on Dallas.
I mean I was only there for three days and I was in one main like college area, like, I don't know. And then I have a lot of people I know for like Fort worth. Yeah. Now that's a little, I don't texas is huge. You know, I don't
So I guess they didn't really give us talking points or anything. So we just chat for,
that's cool.
Oh gosh, not great.
I mean because it started like it started up here as far as the U. S. Goes because I'm right next to
Kirkland and that's where they first found it all.
So then it spread to Seattle then slowly just trickled. And then because I work in the service industry so that everything was closed and yeah,
so gosh, it feels like it's been forever I guess. Yeah. It's been what, 54 months now. But and
we're pretty strict up here about it because we were the I mean, and it's such a liberal state that we just went back a stage. Not a full stage, but for a while we had bars open again. Now those are back to close Restaurants aren't allowed to serve alcohol past 10 and you're back down to like 25% sitting so
I don't know how it is down there. But yeah.
What?
Now.
Some of our places started doing cocktails to go and stuff and like to go cups, which has never been a thing allowed in Washington. I'm like, I felt like I was in Vegas like walking down the street with like a sippy cup of, I was like okay, that's kind of cool. That was really expensive for a very weak drink and yeah,
it's
The
it's interesting. It's kind of a it's fun, it's different but everything is just so weird and then up here when all the covid stuff's going on, I mean I'm sure you know about all the marches and everything and
and then it's really bad in Seattle, we didn't get quite as bad as Portland although every few days there's like fires and all the windows downtown and on capitol they're all boarded up like for
all the businesses because people keep busting like Starbucks and amazon and even some local places like all the windows just keeping shattered. So and the streets getting blocked off by five which is like our main interstate uh kept getting blocked off until someone got ran over. So then they stopped letting that happen. But so it's just like a mixture of the covid and then like all the protests that
have turned into riots like it just
kind of it's gonna kind of scary, lots of shootings uh lots of noise in the middle of the night all night so I'm right in the heart of town so it just doesn't feel is Seattle is still really pretty. I'm staring at Mount rainier right now.
No
so I got my view. I'm like I'm happy.
Uh
Any of the pacific northwest? Yeah it's a really pretty place to go to. I've lived here my whole life and I still like it except for winter. The
boat.
I
I cannot
do that.
Yeah I'm
from, I'm originally from Spokane which is just on the opposite side of Washington. But because of the mountains it's a completely different climate. Like they're in the hundreds right now. But then in the winter can get down to like single digits Here is a lot more. We stay between 40 and 80.
I like it honestly
are.
Honestly I'm like hot it's 80 today and I'm like sweating. Which I'm like I used to be in 100 degree heat and be fine with it and I leave for two years and suddenly I'm like 80 why?
1 70
every day?
It is definitely,
I don't know. Um
Also, obviously I don't get haircuts because it's covid,
Oh, you, did you do it yourself?
I need to find someone to do and I let someone cut it pretty early on and I didn't like it. I'm like, I'll just let it grow out. But now it's like august in this long, I'm just like, oh my gosh,
I just
want to
use it. Thank you. But like, I I had to like, calm it down. I walked outside and walked in and it was like, whole, like nothing. I like,
I didn't know any of this is gonna be, so I'm just like, grab my computer, did it and said it was all and I'm like, okay, I guess I'm ready. like but luckily I think there's enough light, I'm just by the windows
look.
can
see.
that's good.
I just wanted to make sure all my messiness was hidden election. It's like you think I would clean more because there's a little time but the more you're at home, the more mess you may consider that it's just like a I don't know. Okay.
What
kind of work do you do?
don't know any law stuff other than a few friends that are lawyers or paralegals and everything goes over my head
and so I'm just I I've just been serving and bartending for years and in and out of school for computer science because I've been studying coding on my hut, slowly building up my portfolio and looking for jobs. I mean hence like that's why I like Seattle and san Francisco or kind of the hubs of that. So hoping to find an actual coding jobs soon so that I can, although I'll still be working from home because that's what they're all doing indefinitely. I just Mhm. Not my favorite situation like I don't know I don't do well working at home I have to like at least go to a coffee shop or something where it's like feels productive around you. I'm just like oh I forgot to do this thing like oh yeah I should probably clean off the coffee maker really well for some reason like I'm just like yeah.
well that's nice, that helps.
Sad things. Yeah
that's nice. I mean
yeah I could see myself like if this was would have happened at different points in my life I would have been totally fine with it this current moment in my life, it was like the worst timing. But yeah, I mean I could see if you already had your kind of home life, just loving it. I would totally like a it's a little more boring when you're used to going out and hanging out with people and suddenly never mind.
No,
I
haven't kept up, so if there uh playing games again or
Like for a crowd or something.
I guess
that's the one. Yeah, that's a fun way to do it, but I don't know if all the stadiums have done this, but I know at least our Seattle Mariner Stadium people could pay to have cardboard cutouts made of them, so they're in the stands as the fans,
they
probably all been doing it. Okay.
makes sense. Yeah. I haven't kept up much with the sports thing other than Seattle is getting a hockey team, which is exciting. Yeah, we're gonna be called the Kraken. Mhm
like the
old school monster sea monster thing. I
know, it's kind of, yeah,
I was kind
of creative compared to a lot of newer sports teams names was just like, I mean, no offense like the Texans, I only did that because my favorite team was the titans, so I have to hate on the Texans.
that
is the
perfectly,
but
the Houston
oilers are the ones that moved to Tennessee and became the titans.
sudden
I'm an extent.
Yeah. Funny. It's just kind of like, I don't know, I've never been a big sports dude. I like running a lot, but that's pretty much all I do. Yeah, I was training for a marathon. Well, I was going to be the half marathon um in june but got canceled. And then I just also stopped training.
Yeah. Yes. Slowly every week amp up the amount of running you're doing. Uh
Yeah. Because the first one I had just a few years ago, I barely run maybe a couple times a year. And I first had the couch to five K. Program, which helped a lot. That was pretty popular. You do it like three times a week. It's more based on run for this amount of time than stop. And you like start with running for a minute Walk for two minutes run for a minute. It starts you off real slow and then you go from there to there to there to the point where now I'm able to run for an hour and a half. Sorry? Well, I could, I haven't tried in a few months because just kind of gave up on every workout everything. I was staying at a really nice apartment. Um I was getting a room from this other couple and we had like a rooftop gym patio area.
As soon as I got there, every big shut down, all the common areas.
Because I was like, this jim looks awesome. Like because it was cold. So I was gonna run on the treadmill and use the workout machines and yeah, they shut down everything. I was just like, this is stupid. So
then
uh but I told not great running at night, so it's so dark here so early. Mhm.
Are they did open up?
You
should check out. Well, it sounds like you would probably already be. That's the nice thing about that program they have is like the couch to five K. And then you do five K. To 10-K. But you can skip forward to what wherever you are in your progress level. Because I have a feeling you're not going to have to start at week one if you're already doing cardio and strength training. I mean running is different, you just have to get one. Like have you run before in the past
or recently
here?
It does take some getting used back to the lake. It's like intense like breathing inside splints. And then as soon as you get past that it starts feeling this amazing.
We
were
talking.
you're
already doing it. That's literally all you do for the running and then you just keep increasing it um slowly and slowly. Like over weeks and weeks as if you push it you get. That's literally all it is, is a slow um uptick in next time you keep running for two minutes and then stop. Or next time you go up to six and stop its stuff like that. Um It honestly helps a lot. It took me years, like I was just kind of dinking around with it, so I was dating someone really and running so I pretend to with them a little bit, but I'd go like two miles where they would go six. And then once I actually started trying, it only took less than a month and suddenly I was able to start running with them. Not at extreme pace, but and then once you get it you can get back into it really easily. Like, I don't know, I just need to get back into it now that I'm talking about this, I'm like why am I not taking this advice to myself? I've been sitting here
since Covid started not running. It's not like outside his clothes. I live on expo trail.
it's really easy to get complacent and just kind of,
yeah, this is life now, it'll be over soon and we'll go back to normal, but there's a consideration that I won't go back to normal for quite a while, so
I hope so. Okay, we've had a I've been on a couple of people that have actually tested for it and they were super sick. No one died, but yeah.
Yeah. It is really scary. Too much stuff in the world, I don't know. Oh,
there's a sorry.
Okay, so we have, do you have any crows down there? Like those block birds that are really
annoying And then they like dive bomb you if you get too close to their nests. We have so many of them over here and then in my neighborhood because I'm right next to the on the female Seattle area much we're right on the puget sound with just like a gulf of water. Race is similar to the, well not somewhere the gulf of Mexico years you could probably swim in mine is freezing cold. Um These bald eagles love coming in and just messing with the birds so they swoop in around this time every day and I just heard one but I don't see
it.
But
Oh yeah they're huge and like you think maybe you're afraid I guess they used to be extinct or endangered. Um But they've done a good job of rehabilitating them. But there are also scavengers and like to pick up trash from dumps, fly it like 120 ft and then drop it into people's yards and stuff. And so that already is happening. And then we have a family raccoons living in this little like tree, there's like 12 trees all really close together right in front of the dumpster. And every night I start hearing something and I look out the window and the raccoons eyes just pop up at me and I'm like uh stop please like what can I feed you to make you stop doing this because it gets all over the parking lot. It's so funny. It's cute. But
I don't
know.
know.
No they're not. I went to the night, I got into Dallas, I got in at night, I was on like a turtle Creek trail. I don't know some trail And not 10 minutes into like leaving my friend's apartment. I see like this huge possum and I'm just like what kind of red is that? And I knew
what a possum
was. I didn't really how rat like it looked at.
Oh my gosh,
it was creepy and it was nighttime. So like the eyes glowing and stuff and
and like the teeth are all pointy. Yeah,
maybe I maybe I imagine that part. I don't know. But.
I haven't seen one of those. I wanted to but
I thought they were marsupial to right
or is that just awesome? I don't
know.
I mean that's awesome. That's the ones that carry their babies in a pouch. Er Think that's enough. I don't know.
But one is cute. The other is not, I mean I could see on my pasta cooking cute if you get used to it. Like if I was solo raccoon for the first time, I'd probably be scared or like a skunk now I like see a skunk, I'm like, it's fine. Just don't attack me and it won't come, you know like
yeah, like that's also I like there was nevertheless is, I don't really have to worry about wildlife too much unless they go into the woods and the bear eats me, but as far as like snakes and big bugs and stuff, pretty okay on that.
I have never seen them. That's
crazy.
I
mean that's cute.
I don't
mind
local. Mhm I mean even though like a little gardener snake I'm not mad about, I'm like, oh, that's cute but cartridge,
that's
My mom moved to like Arizona for a year and was telling me about the things she would see like scorpions and I was like hard pass, nope, I'm good.
no, Oh gosh. Last summer I freaking stepped
on a bee. Like I was wearing flip flops in a park and somehow I got lodged in between my flip flop and my foot.
It was the saddest thing because it was july 11th with just free slurpee day at 7 11. And I'm gonna just tell me that they're like, oh yeah, it ends at seven, it was like six o'clock, I'm like cool, I'm a few blocks from one. So I started hopping towards it. The bee stings me, I have to sit down, no one's around me. I started calling people. My foot was like burning so bad. I sat there for two hours because like it just hurt, I couldn't walk on. So in every way for your slurpee,
probably one the next day, it was fine. Also that's like what's a sir for a dollar, but like, it's just the excitement of it. Like
it's like
kid,
like the summertime or something. And my kid, I was 29 last year. So
I was a child in my 20's. That's fine. I still feel like a child in my 30s.
No,
I think that's the most important part is just like constantly. Like I read a lot and I'm just always trying to learn something or do something different Because I'm like, maybe I just haven't found the one thing that I really, really like yet. You know, maybe it's just out
there if I don't find it 20 years, that's fine. Maybe it'll spark for me. Maybe like a big scrap booker. Who knows? Like I have like no hobbies except for reading running. And I guess those are hobbies and
yeah, activity. But I have a passion for anything, if that makes sense. I don't know. Maybe it's just the time is getting me down right now. I'm like, mom, we're packing it sometimes. But yeah, I don't know. Yeah. Have got into orchids lately and if you can see this, are
you?
Is
what?
I didn't plan time. I bought them. Mhm.
But thank you.
Yeah, we got here, but he doesn't touch. We have specific plans that cats can eat and that's all he will ever touch. Um It's not cat now because that makes cats high I think. But like it's something else that's supposed to be good for him. That's all he touches. So it's fine because everything else Yeah. I don't know. It's mostly finally got the best department for it then do the best we can. Mhm. A
little lightness in the world. It doesn't hurt anyone. And so I didn't say that like, since I was like so distracted at the beginning and I cannot remember what you said, your name was,
Michelle blame just in case
do that in person to
just
figure it out worried, like
I have the same. But yeah, it was lovely to me. I think we did our
time.
This was I was actually really nervous to do this, but as soon as I get on with you and started talking, I'm like, you know what? This was actually probably going to be one of the better parts of my day because
otherwise I don't get to go talk to people anymore, especially random people, you know what I mean? I see the same four people all the time,
so
Well even when I go see people, it's like the same circle that's all agreed to, like we're in our inner circle that's not mingling out and then
No.
It's definitely needed right now. Like I yeah, anyway, yeah, lovely to meet you
and hopefully
we can both figure out how to do the next part of this. Is this is kind of a concern for a confusing survey. We
just exit out of this and
go back to the
last
page.
I still have it open. Yeah. So I believe because I think it started a timer.
There.
It is.
It says we've talked for almost 30
minutes. Okay. Yeah, we're a little well good to talk to you see, we're good, we're good people.
All right. We'll have a great rest your
day and
year and life.