can you know me?
So I'm Michel
nice to meet you.
No,
no, I never have, I just do little studies on prolific for like
extra money here and there,
you know?
cool. You
know? So where are you?
are
Houston.
Okay. I've only been there one side, a sister that lived there but wasn't impressed with it. Yeah.
Yeah. You're gonna get Dallas is like 500 miles north from where I live. So like I'm on, I'm on the gulf coast and yeah, Yeah.
What about whatever? I guess more so,
yeah. So have you been going through Covid
now?
that's
Oh, that's
Yeah.
So is everything,
And
our, well, our governor opened everything up really quick. It was amazing. Like
we opened up in may and like every 10 days it seemed like Everything was just opening up quicker and quicker and then he should everything back down again June 26.
So the bars have been closed since then, restaurants are at 50% capacity. Um But you can get alcohol there and to go drinks, you know? But um
really? I
haven't done that yet but I went out, I'm a really big Astros fan and I was out of tex Mex place the other day watching the game and I noticed they were serving margaritas and these little pint bottles
to go. So
in Portland. Yeah,
woman.
But
drink.
How
beautiful,
that's nice, nice. They
have never, never been to Oregon or Washington far.
we're
in a part here right now, it's actually Houston's been relatively cool, It's normally around 110 during the summer this time of year, so that gets a little unbearable sometimes.
But everyone
what
they at them I'm then called, I'm originally from Ohio and I grew up with snow and ice and all that. Yeah.
No.
this is born,
yeah. That's
going up here.
Maybe
humidity.
I'll do something with,
you know? Yeah.
Yeah.
My covid hair could I? It was like about four or 5" longer and
I did it myself. Yeah. So I just, it was getting really fried out at the end. So this is my natural hair texture. I just cut some layers into it and with it. So.
Just
one
man.
My.
you're
not trying. You know, there's a second time
my life is
kind of weird. I've got a light over me and
what?
I've been sitting in the house a lot. I've been fortunate to be able to work from home and some days I real slow days and today was one of those, but I was just not motivated, I'm like the dirt will still be here,
I'll get around,
I'm a paralegal now, you know, so I do a lot of appellate law, right, It's pretty interesting, so. Mhm.
No.
I understand. Yeah, I have a girlfriend that works for a company outside of out of new york and she lives here. She's worked at home for, I don't know how many years and she just got it set and so she's been giving me a lot of tips and it's just, you know, all about maintaining focus and she's got a much bigger place than me, so she's got a dedicated office and you know she can do it and and
yeah and she has all these activities she does at home like she's a real prolific cook and she has other things like she just bought a virtual reality game, whatever, she moved the headset.
it's a new thing now and that's what she does, it's like I'm kind of in on her because she's just handled this whole isolation things so well it's like it wasn't even a thing with her, you know mm
right now trying to make it work. Yeah.
Yeah and I'm pretty social and get out a few times a week and you know I'm really like to see them into sports, I like the Astros and the Rockets and my friends and I always get together and watch games, have a few beers, hang out. Um Not the same,
not just saying
like.
Yeah. It's weird though like um they're piping in sound effects which is strange and
yeah and the Rockets were playing the other night and apparently like if somebody scored if there was a good play they would have zoom reactions. So they were just just kind of weird, you know,
creative.
Yeah, they did
that with.
I think like people that had season tickets, you know using a shit ton of money. But yeah, they just have their pictures out in the summer. So.
The crowd. Really? That's
interesting.
Let's get a cool
look
out.
Uh Yeah I do. And I think the oilers were still here and
I remember.
Huh? That was a long
time ago
and
try not.
Yeah that's what I'm saying and I remember I think I just moved to Houston. This is like in the early 90s and you know, but Adams was the owner and my brother is a huge guy. My brother's 66 and £300. We were at this bar and somebody made a bud, Adams pinata and all the guys to trying to beat it. And my brother is like the biggest dude there and he was the only one that was able to whack it down and there's a lot of hate towards him because they took our football team away. And uh
that's
kind of funny memory.
How do you train for a marathon?
build up endurance.
Sweet.
That sucks.
That
sex.
because I've been thinking about taking up running um like I'm like I've got a gym in the apartment complex where I live, but that was shut down until I think they opened it at the end of May or beginning of jim. Yeah,
it's open now and it's real small like two treadmills, elliptical stairmaster, um dumbbells, cable machine and some other stuff. So I work, I strengthened four days a week, then I'm also on the treadmill, like today, I just did like an hour and a half cardio in the morning, half an hour. I've been thinking about incorporating running and I was wondering about how best to get started, so that's what
for?
no
that's
just like high school, which is a real long time ago. Um
yeah, I just like the benefits of cardio and like I just do a real fast paced on the treadmill and lately I've been incorporating hit and so that's
kind
of
high intensity interval training, it's like I'll be at my pace and then I'll crank it up to like say About 5.5 on the treadmill, which is a nice little clip, do that for a minute and then you know, just alternate that a minute on two minutes off and I do that for half an hour and
I'm just
But
Yeah, it's just it's just the whole thing is just so disruptive and disconcerting, you know, and I think a lot of people are just doing the same thing and Yeah. Yes.
very much.
Yeah, we'll see what happens. Hopefully they get the vaccine. Okay.
Yeah, I have one friend that was in last week that he got released from the hospital after three days. They just had him on a ventilator but breathing to um but he bounced back and he's doing great and another friend was at home the whole time but he's okay. Um That's it. I don't know anyone else. I'm I'm lucky all my circle of friends, everyone stayed on my immediate type friends sick. All right, it's scary.
Yeah. Yeah.
So
Grackles.
that
has
to be pretty cool seeing the eagles.
we
don't
see too many records. We get possums here. You're really
cute.
because
I go yeah
yeah because they have those real long tails and
one.
they have a freaky eyes.
I don't know. But
yeah, I know I've seen him around where I live pretty frequently and um the other thing I do is they Houston's got really really great park system And when my gym was closed I was going to the parks when it wasn't like 100° and you see a lot of armadillo which was really cool. And uh so
they're they're kind of I think what kind of animal are they are? They are c
Yeah
and
one of them is marsupial, I'm not sure. But
I think you're right.
I'll get sprayed.
Yeah, we get a lot of lizards here so
tons
of them just they're little they're like about that big or some of them are even smaller but you know they just eat insects and they're pretty prolific and just seem screaming all over the place and okay,
you
know, I'm
not
bad.
Get a lot of those here. The big find
ones that Yeah. Yeah. I don't like.
Yeah. That's the first thing when I moved to Texas way back in the 80s. Um my mom I lived with my mom for a while and she said whatever you do don't go walk out in the backyard in a bare feet because you're gonna end up stepping on a scorpion. Thank God I did not.
All
about,
that sucks.
Getting
prints stuff. It
looks good.
Nothing.
No that's all part of life. Mhm.
Yeah I'm 57 and I just don't let myself think of myself as my age. Just keeping you know stay busy. You keep find things that I'm interested in. Keep moving on keep trying to develop myself. Mhm.
Well.
The for activities some yeah.
Article
I have the worst brown thumb but those are beautiful now. Those
have been for
gorgeous
Right.
No I wish I could. I just I just kill plants and I don't want to have I've got a cat and I'm just afraid she's going to eat everything and a little bit.
Mhm.
Michelle.
It was nice meeting. It's been a nice coming home.
I
want
I second remember. It takes like several times for me to meet a person before I remember.
I think
my time maybe a little more.
you. I I interviewed.
Well I got lucky
I got out with my friends but I only do that like maybe once a week now because I'm just too afraid to get out. You know, now that I know two people personally, they've gotten sick. I just don't want to be exposed. Okay. Yeah. Good.
That's what we do this. I guess we'll go to the bars are close
here so we need at restaurants and like get a meal or watching it. Yeah, it gets me out of the house and
good
luck you know?
I think
you
go
back
to the last one. So like me, I left the tab open and I go back to them.
Yeah. Because it's hard
because
like when I started it said it was archiving it. So they've got their recording us I guess and okay. Are they more than knowing how long we've talked? So, you know?
Well.
Okay. Well you too.
You
too.
Yeah. What should have been?