Hello, what's your
name? I'm Claire
to meet
you. I'm claire,
where are you from?
Um So I'm from California living in Oregon right now going yeah
so what do you do in D. C.
That's
type of work are you doing like I don't know what they call it, The what area is your like?
Cool. Yeah. That does sound interesting.
That
is
you're good. Um So I'm a student um in Oregon. I'm in my undergrad right now studying business analytics. Um Focus on market research. So I have about another year left with that. Yeah I like it so far changed majors a few times. Um
Did
it take you?
Yeah definitely. Have you changed your mind a few times or did you know you wanted to be an attorney?
Thanks.
Was
it just
really hard or like is it just
I
don't
know.
What
interest
everyone
you
know?
Right, Yeah, they're mostly um lectures right now with Covid? It's weird because some
of the professors are filming videos and then posting them online, so you watch that beforehand and you come into class and they just ask if anyone has any questions and No one does, then class just ends um
Mhm.
It's definitely not as motivating as being in person and um you know, face to face with the professor and your classmates, but yeah, it is what it is. Are you working remote right now? Mm.
Oh my gosh, wow.
Yeah, I bet I started an internship over the summer and I interviewed in person back in february and then, you know, it was all remote and like I haven't met anyone basically in the company except for the couple of people I interviewed with. So it was really weird. It's hard starting industry don't get the connection to your co workers and
that's nice.
it? Do you like working from home? Where is it difficult?
I think
it's
good.
But
It's
harder to shut your point off and you're just in work mode and you're from in my case my bedroom, so it's hard to.
no. All right.
Do you
live alone
then? You don't have to worry about your roommate.
to have
company.
Oh that's funny
course.
That's
And yeah, I'm at school. I'm just off campus like a mile. Um
Did live with my parents for a little bit for a few months there because they're selling their house
and
figured I would while they were still close by and around the place I could visit free food, you know, if I was about us um mount back in college town. I'm really glad it's a small town and like not in the big city because I was supposed to be in Portland um are big city from my internship but luckily it was a remote, so I was able to stay here because I can't imagine being in a big city right now. Like I'm very happy to be in a small town where I can go for a walk and not see any people, you know? Um
will be interesting too is I know a lot of big cities people are moving out of them and rent, rent is dropping a lot, which I find interesting knows what the future of city life will be.
no
traffic.
Oh yeah, that's crazy. It's definitely a different world right now.
Yeah. It's weird though because looking back at like movies and that sort of thing, we're watching these sort of movie and you see these big crowds of people and they're like they're also close to, no one will be masked so
we're kind of used to it, but we're not quite all the way um
there
we've got
in public.
I wonder if they'll start coming out with movies, people wearing masks out in public. Like if that will be a norm and movies filmed right now.
Like
what?
That's
natural.
heard one producer, he flew out a bunch of people to this remote um basically
mansion in the middle of nowhere. Everyone got tested and quarantined for two weeks and then it's just a closed facility. No one in or out, like they did stocked up on food for like six months and uh
which sounds crazy but it's a great way to do it. Um
I
mean
one way to do it definitely. Yeah, I don't know, I've never gotten into the Bachelor or the Bachelorette that I watch Love Island. I don't know if you've ever seen Love Island,
but
Oh yeah, absolutely. I like Love Island because there's a UK version, an Australian version. So it's always funny in the
way they say things like oh he's such a bev which is like a good looking person and just like these little terms like I've never heard and I think it's really funny hearing all these
little
um that's british I think. Well, hey
general they both have different, really interesting, I think it's fun to with the accents in general different. Um So yeah, have you traveled much to Australia? Do you know many people from here?
Yes, that's helpful. Mhm.
How did
you like
London?
it is.
Oh, that's scary.
No.
Yeah, I heard mixed things about London. Some people really love it and then some people say it's just kind of gloomy and dark and um just interesting. I've only, I went there, I was there for like a day
and I've never, I didn't really get a feel for it, but
I have family um north of London, so I was staying with him and then we were in London for a day before he flew out. Yeah, I thought it was cool for the day I was there, but it was also bright and sunny and nice out and I know some people don't have that experience while they're there
yeah that's that's definitely different.
Yeah it was interesting. I lived in South Africa for a few months last year which was my first experience in a big city, I was in Cape Town uh which is a big big city but um yeah it's definitely a different experience being surrounded by so many people because I grew up in a tiny little town in California like six hours from any shopping mall. So yeah very remote. Um I and I love to Cape Town um definitely want to live in a big city at some point but maybe not not for a couple of years we've
seen women or something.
Right.
yeah there's a lot of uncertainties I was hoping to study abroad again but I don't think that's
gonna work
out since I only have a year and a half of school left and I don't know things might start to we might have a vaccine by then but I doubt they'll be opening up studying abroad so. But that's okay on my own one.
my brother
did that not with our uh law school obviously but he was an engineer and he got a job worked for a year and say I don't like this job so he took four years off basically and just traveled
around the world. He biked through Patagonia you bite through eastern york. Um
Now he lives in a van so he's very much you know that kind of person That would.
Yes. Yes very much so. I think that's a fun way to do it though. I don't know if there's many people in the van life in D. C. But it's like blown up in the past few months here. Those vans all over the place.
Yeah definitely. Um A band prices have gone up a lot and um
like
you see like $150,000 vans. I know how to like there's this brand of van that people lift and it's like four wheel drive and it's like seven ft tall on the inside so super tall and there's
like it's so fancy it's crazy what people do. Um Like those tiny houses to I don't know if you watch any of those shows but I am
thanks
can.
I know
its
currency.
And they're not easy to move either. It's not like you can like their, yeah it's not not an easy job.
No definitely not. Something you want to go on a road trip with. So have you been out to the west Coast much?
Yeah that's cool, I haven't been to the east, it's really at all. I went to new york city for a week I think, but that's about it. I definitely want to explore it more. My goal is Vermont and fall at some point to see all the trees changes.
right now that makes
sense.
our
our
states are like countries in europe,
what
is the
language?
Yeah definitely. It is I mean I feel like you can just Oregon versus like Georgia or anywhere like that's like a completely different world. Um.
I didn't
yeah Where I grew up as north of San Francisco by like seven hours. So um California is a huge state. I grew up in the redwood trees which is very different from san Francisco and very different
from L. A. Definitely. Um Yeah very cold and rainy constantly which
is
Yeah it depends on where you are. Some of its desert and some of it's cold and rainy. But yes I am in the cold, cold and rainy part. Yeah
we're
going to
have
it you're fine. No one really lives in the desert here so the big cities are all in the cold and rainy parts. So
yeah it's definitely a beautiful state though to visit if you're ever out here like
personal
watch.
Yeah it looks like we have to. That's a well that's great talking to you.
Yeah I'm too.
all
Or like Omega one of those. Yeah.
Yeah me too.
Yeah me too. Uh I hope you enjoy your weekend and good
luck at your
new job.
No, thank you.