Yeah. Mhm. Yeah mm. Yeah. Mhm mm. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Oh okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm wow. Uh huh. What what? Yeah. Uh huh. Oh. Oh. Uh Hello.
I'm
ren materials nice
to.
That's me too.
I am originally from texas but I am currently living in the D. C. Metro suburb area. How about you? Where are you from?
Mhm.
I am an attorney like seemingly everyone in the D. C. Area sometimes. Um I just graduated from law school and passed the bar and now I
started work so thanks.
yeah. Yeah I do. It's admin law, administrative law. So I don't really go I don't really go to court. We go to administrative law judges or we go to a lot of clinical alternative dispute resolution. Um So a lot of mediations to resolve stuff but so far it's been very interesting.
Um What do you do? Sorry
sorry
I didn't want to.
Yeah. I feel
like everybody
has kind of had that experience. You go and think you're going to do one thing and then it turns out I don't like it. Yeah. Mhm.
Oh no, I changed my mind four or five times in undergrad alone. Um I went into, he was gonna go to med school and then I hit organic chemistry and I decided I was not going to go to medical school, did not enjoy that at all. Um
And then you know, it was a process of sort of like falling around to see what I actually enjoyed doing. Um There was a class at my undergrad called intro to law where um a lawyer who went to my undergrad came in and was like all right, the pre law program, not great, I'm going to teach all of these kids. You think they want to go to law school a class in the style of a law school class. And you're gonna learn a little bit about contracts and you learn a little bit about criminal law and you're gonna learn a little bit of civil procedure and it's going to terrify all of you. Um, but at the end of like when this is done, you'll know if you want to go to law school or not and I ended up really enjoying that class. He was right. It was terrifying. But it
was
fun.
Still law
school
classes
are usually taught in what they call the Socratic method where the teacher doesn't matter, doesn't really lecture to you. They try to draw out the answer from your readings and your understanding of those readings by asking you questions. Um, and it is terrifying to have somebody point you go miss such and such. What was the holding in the case that you just read and you have to figure out like, oh no, what does that mean?
So yeah, they will never really give you a straight answer on what, what is it they wanted you to take away from the case, you have to get there on your own. The other questions that they're asking um
which is very different from what I experienced undergrad anyway. I
don't know if that's is that, do you mostly have like lecture style classes where there's a power
point
and you do the reading, but get supplemental?
that's
yeah, that isn't, that is different. Yeah.
Yeah.
My my firm has been worked from home since March um So I got I got basically a month of office time and then they were like, all right, everybody go home.
So yeah, it was it's been very disorienting because I basically didn't get to work in the
No, you you really don't. I had a couple of my co workers who are like a little bit older than me but still sort of in the age bracket where they understand what it was like to just graduate and have a new job, reach out to me and be like here are like personal cell phone numbers, place texas. If you have questions, it's
we know that it's we're doing things by zoom so just let us know if you want to talk or anything, which was really nice of them because I feel like otherwise without that I would be super lost. Uh
Mhm. I do any job. Um Mhm. It's just it feels very weird and I'm sure it's kind of the same for you. Like you feel like you're a little bit trapped in the four walls of your apartment or your dorm or wherever it is that you're saying you're just kind of here um don't go, like I have a lot of stuff that's fairly walkable around me, like I can walk to the library if I want to, but I can't
go
in the
library, I can just pick up books from the library and you know, there's a park a few streets away, but you know, people are always great about wearing their risk till it died, so it's like yeah, there's only so much you can do um to break up the monotony and at least when I was getting to commute back and forth, it's a little different, like you had a lot more separation between the work space and your
living space, so it was easier to delineate the two in my mind and
here.
Yeah. And now it's just like I am, you know I'm sitting here, I am working 10 ft from my kitchen fixed feet from my bed like. Yeah, it is, it's I don't love it but it is safer than the alternative because we've had our building manager keeps sending us emails and it's like, so we've had two more cases on like the third floor and like okay,
we're never
going
back.
Yes, I do live by myself. It is, it is me and a cat. Um So
she's
I do have a little bit of company, you might get to see her. Um She is currently asleep but also she is uh she she gets jealous when I'm on zoom calls because I am not paying attention to her. Obviously
I should be paying attention to her and not trying
to talk to anyone.
Yeah. Um Are you, are you starting at school or are you off campus?
got it.
That's
it.
I have, I have some friends who are in like really, really small towns um either staying with their parents just working remotely from you know where they were doing their bar study basically and they were like, no it's great, I can go for a walk, here is a picture of like all of this stuff I can see in this park and there is not a single person around them and like what is that like? I don't know.
I know. Yeah, because I'm I am technically in mountain, the suburbs technically, but I am close enough to the metro that I just took the train into work rather than trying to drive. Um But now driving around you can you can just like drive around in D. C. And there is co
traffic
it's deserted. It's super weird.
Yeah it is it's just it's very odd. It's a little unsettling. I feel like maybe we're eventually gonna start getting used to seeing things be this quiet but no every time I tried to go into the city to drop something off or like print something at the office. I know this is weird.
What
it's
or
or
the You're like you're not six ft apart. Get away from each other. Yeah. Yes.
I don't
know. Yeah because
that's weird because I feel like on the one hand it's definitely sort of an unpleasant reminder of what's actually going on when you do watch movies or tv shows for that element of escapism. But also yeah, it reflects what's going on right now. So it'll be it'll
be
interesting to see what happens because I know like filming for a lot of stuff is they're starting up and they're shutting back down because someone's got Covid on the set and Mhm.
Okay.
And
it's like the this is gonna sound really shallow. It's like the setup of the Bachelor at this season where they basically just stuck them all in a hotel and we're like all right, two week quarantine. We're testing at the beginning, we're testing in the middle and we're testing at the end if you all
just
stay there.
I
have heard of Love Island, I've never seen it, but it's definitely in the same genre of like I can't think about this, I just want to watch, I'm just here for the drama.
very.
Was that,
was that Australian?
the the Australians shorten a ton of words all the time, but it wasn't sure if that was, you know, who's, who's that was from but interesting.
I have not, I am, it's my experience with the Australian accent has been like youtube videos of people using slang and then they're having to be like a little pop up on the screen being like this means that for all of the americans out there who are very confused.
I'm a little bit more familiar with UK slang because I started a broad back when you can study. Sorry. Um And I started abroad in London so I'm a little bit more familiar with that because just via exposure and also watching the T. V. Over there. Um Even just like watching the news and saying like the interviews of people who you know had things happen to them. It's like oh it's just feels different. Um But yes
sir
that's
um it was really interesting. That was my first time really sort of being being out of the country. Um Or what felt like being out of the country because I know in in I don't know if it's the same where you were in California but in texas it's so easy to get to Mexico that it doesn't really feel like you're going anywhere to some degree. Like you can you can go down there for spring break and it's pretty easy and you can drive if you want to like um It didn't it didn't feel like it was that big of a jump. Um You know once you once you get on like the big plane ride you're like oh I'm actually going somewhere different, this is fun. Um So it was it was good. It was not like in some ways it was pretty similar to being in the U. S. Like I didn't have to learn another language which was great because I'm not that kind of language is um I didn't, I was surrounded by people who also went to my school. So there was a little bit of that element of familiarity. Um
But at the same time I'd also never had to be a public transit and I had to had an internship that I had to take the tube and
they're one of the station managers was very patient with me the first time I got there I was like I am a confused american child. I don't know what I'm doing, Please help me. They do not have public transit like this where I'm from. I've taken the bus, but this is not the same.
So
this
I wasn't like a stopover going to somewhere else.
Yeah. So I was there during my spring semester so I kind of got the experience of going there starting in the winter when it's like gray and rainy and gloomy and then getting progressively nicer over time. So I was like, oh great, I can see the sun. There are flowers, like the birds are out. I finally don't have to wear a raincoat everywhere I go. This is wonderful. So I think, but if I had done it the other way around, I probably would understand the complaints of like, it's so gloomy, it's so gross. And, but the thing that I really had to get used to is that there are so many people around you all of the time.
Yeah that was uh even in texas like I am from Dallas where there are a lot of people that they're very spread out and it's much more car centric so you don't really walk anywhere you drive. So that was that was really different. Um Right Yeah
that's
that's that's very fair. Yeah it's it is a good experience. I do I do enjoy being up here but I feel like it's just so hard to gauge mm Because
this is these are such unusual times that like yeah do I know if I want to live in D. C. All of the time? It's really hard to say based on what's actually happening right now. Um Mhm. But I mean like tentatively yes but also tentatively who knows who knows what's going to happen, who knows what it's going to be like in six months, who knows, who knows what we're going to actually get to go back to the all, Excuse me, go back to the office um Mhm.
Thank
you.
and I mean you can always, you know if you have some time in between graduation and starting a job, if you have some time you want to travel by yourself, that's always an option. Um uh a lot of people in law school after you graduate, like after you're done with the bar exam, well go on what they call a bar trip where you're basically just like great, it's the last like this is the last free time that I'll have for a long time. Can you go somewhere fun, going to go somewhere exciting, going to do something. So I have friends who went to, went to spain and went to went to paris and went, you know kind of all over. Um I have some friends who can find it with their honeymoons, which is like nice if you can swing it because that was like a month. Um But yeah
and
What?
Very cool.
The nomadic. Yeah.
that makes a lot of sense. Um there you would have a hard time finding parking out here. Um But I can see how in in places where you have a little bit more room to spread out up and on the, on the west coast because you know, you've got it kind of combines the sort of tiny house appeal and it also combines the This is six ft from all the people who are around me. Um And it's not like you really have to be tied to an office now, I mean way, way more than previously, so that makes a lot of sense.
it's
funny
what
it's sort of
like when
they're on like when they're on in the background but they're always like shockingly expensive to me
for
the
like the price per square foot and your tiny house, I'm like that's insane.
No, they're like they're mobile and I'm like, yeah, you can technically move them, but are they really mobile in the way that you're saying that they are? I don't think so.
Yeah. Um A little bit, a couple of my friends live out their, I went out there for work like a like a like a job fair in essence um a couple of years ago, but that was my first time I was up in san Francisco and that was really cool because I've never been out there but um I don't know if like in a hotel conference room most of the time really counts as like calling to the west coast, it's all the embarcadero, that was cool.
that's supposed to be beautiful. Yeah I've never really been up, I have never been up too far up north either, I've definitely definitely been concentrated sort of in the general region of this house, that's you know anything from you know
Arizona
new Mexico to like Virginia and then there was something between interesting but I feel like it's really shocking to me how different different parts of the country feel though, like you think
that
you,
yeah, pretty much it
feels
like
they should have more in common but they really don't, it's very interesting.
Even like northern California versus southern California because I've been to, I've been to the Los Angeles area a couple of times. Um And then when I went to san Francisco I was like if you if I didn't already know that these were in the same state, I would not have guessed that they were anywhere near each other and like they're not they're not really near each other when you think about it like vertically, but they're
in the same state. So you're like you should have more in common. They don't
thank you.
The beautiful
though. I mean yes. And then and now you're in Oregon which is also my understanding is also kind of rainy kind of cold.
I didn't know there was desert at work. That
sounds really bad.
I'm
sorry.
Okay. Well that's that's good.
I
wouldn't
I'd really like to sorry I I have a timer going and we are at 25 minutes and 12 seconds so I'm not trying to like kick you off. I do think that the point that they made about going over a little bit, it's probably a good one. But I just wanted to let you know that technically according to my time where we've cleared.
It was nice to talk to you. Is this was fun. This is my first survey like this. Uh
So let's say a pretty pretty good experience overall. I wasn't
sure because I was like oh no what if I you know I am old enough to remember like chat roulette and I was like oh no, what if it's terrible?
So like that that fear was always a little bit in the back of my mind just because
what if it's bad but this this was a lot of fun. I enjoyed this.
thanks.
You too.
Good luck. I good luck with zoom school.
Like zoom work. It's not ideal, but we'll get through it. Um Great. It was nice to meet you.