Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Oh mm. Okay. All right. Yeah.
Hello how are you?
Thank
you.
I'm fine I'm fine. Anything new and exciting today for you?
Not
too much
thank
you.
nothing just dreary and rainy. So this is actually my seventh time doing this so wow.
process
and this this is going to say this group that they do. How long have you been doing things prolific?
wow. It's a long time. I've only been doing it for. Probably about seven months.
Yeah I I'm not usually I'm more on my phone than my laptop but when I'm doing work and I have that up there and it's created like you know it's impossible
to miss a study. Mhm.
Oh
No no I haven't heard of it.
No that's not bad.
Yeah that's what I'm just gonna say it was because I do um survey john key on occasion and literally you're getting like literally to the end after like 1920
minutes for a dollar and they're like, oh
sorry,
answer the last question wrong. Here's your three cents a later by and you're like, come on. Yeah.
Bird.
correct,
That's
It's now do they come up frequently or is it last? Mhm.
Well
No, what do they do?
but
I'm
not.
No.
but what's the name? What's the name is uh site? So
users don't say, just let me book market
book
properties.
The workers.
Thank
you.
Request
trial that one.
Oh.
all right.
What?
Thanks.
allowing
rescuers
get
paid to
test
they said. Yeah, looks
like
Oh, all right. I'll book, yeah.
The book.
What?
When?
I'm not prolific ng uh
Well, I've got five kids, so I'm pretty busy with them. They range in age from 16 to 1, so right now my oldest just got his permit
to drive,
so that's horrifying. That's terrifying to me.
Um But other I retired from the military in 2016.
Well, I'm
thank you. So, I've just been hanging out.
I mean, obviously I've become a teacher now because of Covid, so that's wonderful. Uh Thanks to all the homeschooling we have to do, wow. It's really I mean, I like
I got two dogs, a cat like soccer. Big family used to play hockey. Uh actually just had surgery
on my ankle not that long ago, so hoping to get back into that. Um It's really yeah,
I like playing video games waiting to get the new Xbox. Oh
uh for first person shooters and like um real time strategy. They also do a game called War Thunder. She's really a vehicle,
World War two
multi player thing.
there's there's three different, there's tanks, planes and then their ships, but nobody really plays ships because it takes forever to to
destroy
or some close to each other to shoot at anyone,
everybody
else
in the meaning
of being
inside.
But
first
I
enjoy like I enjoy like for example like the Elder scrolls series, huge fan of them actually I just started playing Kingdom Come deliverance which is um all like basic basically it's like the elder scrolls only, you're like a peasant in the 14 hundreds and like Romania. And like
it's super cool because like like you know like an older scrolls, like, okay, you can pick up a sword, you can really start running around killing people and stuff like that. This like he doesn't know anything because he's a blacksmith's son, so he's clueless. You can't, you pick up books, you can't read them, they're all in gibberish because he doesn't have to read. So you have to find some guy like a priest, him to teach you how to read. Then you can read um like riding a horse, you have to have somebody to teach at sword fighting, you have to learn all those things. Eventually then you become like a bad,
you can actually take care of yourself, but otherwise you're walking down the street, like you're going to get the crap kicked out of you by mercenaries in the woods.
I
learned the
best.
The press.
You're dead.
Yeah. That's the thing is like you pick up, you know, you used to picking up food and just having it in your inventory for the entire length of the game literally if you pick up bread, it's good for like four days and if you eat it then you guys going to get sick then you have to see a doctor big money and it's like impossible to get money it because it's the 14th century and nobody has money. So I run around and I steal a lot from the church. I literally love everything I possibly can while people are sleeping. And then I go
to
yeah, that's where all the money is though. It's realistic. The church has all the money and many old I go in there said like same weapons to I go up in the towers. I steal all the like armor from the nights and I'm going to a different town and sell it.
The
biggest
everybody comes back to life in three days.
That's funny. I actually have a comic book shop that there's uh like dungeons and Dragon um tournament and uh there's something else they have in the name of it. They have magic obviously but then there's like another card type game. I forget the name that they advertise fairly heavily so
that stuff
you know there's there's another it's similar in in the dungeons and dragons vein.
No no and it's not the it's not Warhammer or
the other one in space. I forgot the name of that one. Bye.
that's
a good one. I mean I read all the books
when I was college so I
hit him pronounce
his name. The Dark elf for its P. R. I. T. T. I don't know how you pronounce
it.
I used to read all of I forget Rh salvatore I think what's the name anymore
or
obligations?
But
go
47
Universal you know do you have like the like dungeons master like comb?
that's cool. It's actually it's my uh I mean I
remember
I'm older than you but grow in the 19 eighties. They had a dungeons and dragons comic. They're not like like a like a cartoon and had the dungeon master in it and it was like a beholder and all this stuff and everything like that. And so I was able to find the DVD set. Let my kids watch it now. Like my my
younger ones my nine year old boy seven year old they're like oh this isn't a dragon snow there's the orcs and the beholders and the gelatinous cube
so
it's horrible, it's absolutely horrible, it's the
worst,
that's literally the first episode there it is t event
coming, they've got their magic shield,
I think there was there was a shield um some sort of stick, I don't even know what you would use like like the thing you used to jump with, I don't even know what the purpose of it is. You got a source er that can't do anything right? Oh and then you've got a barbarian who's like some six year old child so
it
yeah but there's a lot of girls in it
bad
now. Yeah, I mean women were never interested in legends of dragons when I was growing up, like Unheard of, I mean it was the same thing with video games, oh there was you know you're talking, I mean but the first video
games I had was the Atari 2600. Then I had the second master system. Then I had the NEs I had jaguar. Um Never had the Neo Geo. I avoided genesis that have super Nintendo. Playstation, Playstation two. Then I got an Xbox 3 61 waiting for the new one to come out. Um And there's another one. I feel like floating around in there. The virtual boy. That's stupid. Yeah.
I wear contacts because I'm just kidding but I do wear contact. Um
So no, I really am talking about like the jaguar. Like that system sucks like for as much as like people like God like yeah alien versus predator. And so I know that was
horrible cartographic 16 was pretty cool. Uh
so I did have the way. Yeah.
So you didn't have any games that weren't Nintendo. They were all first party. So it was like
collecting
more.
Believe.
Yeah, I mean really? I mean really every single video games originated out of dungeons and dragons and elder scrolls universe came from, I mean boulders gate. Like I remember playing that front Playstation.
I
am saying that the ball cap of the right here in the robes.
What
Bella Who?
And here you are dressed up like a balding dwarf.
That's funny. That's awesome. Uh huh.
Like,
so how
are
you doing? That's
funny.
What?
but
that's awesome.
Too
deep.
Too deep.
That's funny. I give it to him. Maybe I
responsible
what?
Thanks.
Probably.
Good.
So now how often you guys meet like what's the
get
also
beauty.
Why now, why would they want it to be shorter?
Not that I need nothing about screenwriting off.
All
So what
do you do like basically? Right. Like your own original episode in
that vein?
All
much
duck tales. New duck tales are old duck tales.
Okay, so you've got the cool lily
we should do is research the guy that voices scrooge Mcduck. You actually yeah actually portray he's actually he's got it and he actually portrays a really good detective in the BBC drama or Broadchurch.
Haven't seen
Yeah so you know them from Yeah but
I was watching Broadchurch and I'm like she was like scrooge Mcduck and so I'm like I go on Wikipedia and I'm like fuck he is doc that's something that's all that's all that mystery and I love how how they've done everything with you. You dewey and Louie
Uh Not that cool, I'm not that happy with Abigail.
Uh They made her too. I I don't mind that she's a badass. I just don't like the overly like obsessive compulsive stalker aspect they gave her
because
because well that's just because she is living with them now, but like there in that first like two and until their mom came back from the moon, it was like, it was like everything was a go claim, the fact that I'm like, your grandmother has been working with Scrooge for like ever. It shouldn't be that big mystery. So I'm like, I I I thought that took away from her being like the little miniature, like bad ass, you know, Mrs B Klay, super ninja granddaughter. So
for me it
looks
like
yeah, no, completely different because I mean whether he's just, she's like a five year old girl, like she likes her dolly and she more fixes things in the show by falling into it accidentally by picking up a massive diamond that they need to give to a Yeti later on because she thinks it's a shiny rock, not because she's aware that oh this is magical powers and I had to go through 15 million tracks to get it. You know this is how we're going to defeat Magica dispel now, so launchpads
amazing.
Uh Let's see, they made launchpad too stupid.
He he was more um he he was more just mhm prone, he was just more accident prone. What
this guy like this is like this guy's brain damaged almost, like
there's no reason for him to be operating a plane. And the original, he comes from a family of pilots and his little probably he just can't land. That's the only thing you can never figure out, he could fly anything that's and that's why scrooge hired him. It's just he just can't land and that's it's saying we're in this one, it's it's like you had a lobotomy and you're like oh come on, there's no. And then with Gyro they made him like the mad scientists and he's completely not in the original, the original, he's more the like backyard kooky inventor
who
Right Exactly, instead of this one, they have them like being like an evil Bill Gates almost.
Yeah. Yeah. What's his name is pretty much the same. Um jesus, what's his name is Murdoch I guess my Doctor tells me that he's still that um Let's see what else. There was uh magic and spells pretty much the same. Actually. Magica Dispel is really more faithful in this series to
the old Banks complex then the one in the eighties. So that's because I actually own all the there isn't the scrooge comics from like
so you can see I'm like I guess you could say I'm a duck tales like nerd. But um like the comics back in the thirties and forties like they were
like hyper realistic. There wasn't any like like the eighties version where it was all cartoon and everything like that. It was much more like you know scrooges in the Klondike and like he
tries to kill people that are trying to get onto his claim and stuff like that. He has he has no problem like the way he like treats Goldie in the new Con and the new series is exactly the way he treated her in the original comic and the
same thing. All the gland mcduck stuff like with the castle his parents like basically being like you're annoying go you don't work hard. That's all that. It's on the original
Economics.
Yeah. Well you can see a lot I mean almost all not obviously there are other adventure thing is going on four years and everything like that but a lot of like what he put in indiana jones and then that thing was really written you know she slept that was early eight. So you're talking really 40 years before that? That's
great.
and
it
was like for a Disney for it being like a comic. It was talking ducks and everything like that. Like they put a lot of thought into it. Like scrooges sister is Donald's mom and you see her in flashbacks growing up and then you see like you know there is that whole lineage where you can see the hole where the whole family works out. It's not just like we need a we need a long lost cousin. So we're gonna throw somebody out here like no gander duck. You figure out how he's related to everybody else. This
Right. I just say it's just insane how they so many must have sat there with this huge wall and like had threads interconnecting every single but to make them all
the
kind
of combination
of grounding
reality
with
the
show
with
back. Right. Well that's how they break it. They're like they're like well why don't we just have like Huey do something really stupid right now and have like a pep conversation about the drink and then we'll get out of us or it'll be like oh look who, who left the you know magical ambulance out now. So it got stolen. So now we have to go into that realm like all
That adventure like it just becomes like that how they have that normalization of the supernatural and just the absurdity that they get into. That's really like it it's it's just hysterical. I mean especially if it meant for Children but like the sophistication they write it, it makes it so much better.
Yeah. I mean another one that would be good if you ever watched jerry watch Venture Brothers.
Oh you got to watch Friend Her brother's because all that basically is is a darker version of johnny quest.
Johnny quest is basically like there's the inventor father with his bodyguard and his kid who gets into various misadventures across
the
world. But in Venture Brothers that's a failure. His father who died was the one who, he's just been basically living off his patents and his name saying nothing. He does work that well. He's a single father. His kids suck. They actually died so many times and adventures where he has like stacks of them cloned. So when they die, like they explain it later on, he, he's like, you're just going to die anyway and then I'm going to have to use another color. You guys don't even know what's going on at the point. They're like, what do you mean dad were dead? And then like something like caves in on them and they died. He's like, say now I need more clones off I go, come on. It's
just
no
different show. I mean a good, I don't know, I've never heard of that before though. But there's brock who's like this like, like just a former like CIA as fast and and he just, he just like goes crazy and kills people like throat out and stuff like that. It was an adult swim thing. It was, I mean that was when adult swim was like first starting was Venture Brothers. Um What aqua teen hunger force, which was awesome because that was based in New Jersey where I lived. So
it's literally a milkshake french fries and a meatball that live in Southern Jersey and talk to their neighbor who's in the hookers and trippers and stuff like that. Random
things happen to them like moon nights, these things from the moon come down and try to take over the world even though they look like the little uh space invader, like big characters.
venison
for but have milo. I vaguely heard of it. Um I probably saw advertisements for it, you know, following it. I never watched it.
That's funny.
let's win it.
It's
it's the uh what the woodchuck guidebook essentially
that's
that's
been,
we'll
just say it hasn't, that was like a ductile signal like well this hasn't come up in a while, we were what we would do so I figured why not?
From?
it's
been
the
group
That's funny. No it's I actually remember that when I think that was someone where uh Gander was being stuck in some casino for his luck, yep.
Also
which
one is that?
yes yes yes yes, yep I
see that
you know
uh but that's exactly what I'm talking about, I'm like how they wrote that like like like why is this like a Y seven thing? Like they could have turned this definitely into like something much more mature.
Car.
You
know what?
And they're like, oh, there it is.
Well this is like glum goal. I mean Global was awesome in this series where he was just a foiled scrooge and the original one, which was just like whatever, like this one, he's not even Scottish, he's south african. It goes into like the whole, you just were opened and the beard just look that way.
Like when I thought they came out with a new, because it's not like they announced it all of a sudden my, my DVR started recording them again. I got new season wash, like shut the knuckles,
the plant
But
I completed
many
forces
from
voices.
now
what? You have to do that though? If,
I mean, I assume you've sent submitted, obviously you think you have to get it down, you submitted versions of it. So since you're using a current series, if that can't be like, oh, obviously I was going down the right path because they
No, no. Why didn't you just keep it that work? They just keep it that way. Let's go This be like, yeah, this is the story. I'm going to go, I'll go this way. You can tell the series actually what
projects
are
against.
Yeah, that's what I mean. I would have been like, man, I'm sticking with this. I'm like, that that's nice to show it that way, but I'm not going to redo my whole semester's worth of work.
Yes, yes. Where they were the quack pack and they were like hyper colour. They're like, why does everybody sound weird? Like, what's going on with this? And
that's the problem.
Right? Well, why why I'm there like the walls are falling down and everything like that. Who's like
that
if you
want if you have Disney Plus and you watch like although it's horrible because they had because they have the entire series of so that KLAc pack that you know here we're doing louis you're like 14. It's the worst thing ever. Like it actually just intro makes your eyes want to bleed, it's horrible. But I think we are up my friend.
No,
it was awesome. I I enjoyed talking about, you know, it's very rarely I read in somebody who has an offended duck culture. Mm
All
right, take care. Good
luck with.
Actually,
Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes.
Yes. Yes. Yes. You
know,
you
know I really I really enjoyed was the the christmas episode where they're like don't bring it up, don't say anything there. Like he's like I love christmas, he's like I just wanna be left alone.
He's like I got the ghost girl. He's like, they just showed up one night they got the wrong house man. I have to look up who the uh the grass hopper was. A little jiminy cricket because he sounded really familiar.
Yeah. Yes. Yeah. But yeah, that's exactly, that's exactly who he sounds like and I can't I can't remember. I remember I know he's not red hair and he just he plays like you know the bumbling redneck like friendly farmer type character and things. But yes, that's what I would, that's exactly who it is. You nailed
it
when
I was
your
fault
60
feeling.
I
don't, I downloaded that stupid game on the fix It Felix and I was like, I'm like how did they not make sugar rock chat into a video game
it
all.
Right. I'm like with the internet and cat me, and so I'm like, what is I'm
gonna have such a deep thing going here with Sugar Rush and King handy and all this stuff. I mean uh and then then with the like, there's so many card games out there, like really, you couldn't have thrown like vanilla people on sweets out there in the
hard thing where I I want to play the money game where I make my own car and bake it like, come on.
I I love the first one. The second one, it was just like, I'm like, it's an advertisement for Ebay,
Yeah. $50,000 for the wheel. But it's just like, I'm like, it was such a thing like, because I remember going to do, because we go to Disney, like, probably like every 18 months
florida.
Yeah. And uh we we've done the cruises and everything like that and like I had to hunt wreck it ralph down and they buried him in like some corner of Hollywood studios. So I was like, I'm like, I'm like, I went to like his movie just came out. How can they not like have him being around? And then I went to I wanted to buy the figures of all the races. Yeah, like $150 each. It's like insanely expensive. I don't know where they released them, but like if you go on amazon to try to like buy them or anything like that, like, or Ebay, you're looking at like minimum like $90.
The
court
democracy.
I mean, it's easy enough to do. I mean she's a bunny cop, you just have some terror come into the
Christie.
No.
Right. I I'm like, what is going on here? And then there's like this random racing thing going on where like Penelope has some sort of like
exactly have some mid video game crisis of like what do I really want to do? And I'm like, oh
we're
on
You
had you had your midlife crisis that you are a princess and you wanted to be a racer, not that. And so you through that side now you don't get to go through the whole thing and say you want to be like, you know, some like twisted metal black racer instead of being like a Mario kart one
this much
from
offer.
Uh Well they always do that though with the here we're gonna make a big thing out of it now, It's like a six second spot and that's it.
Oh, and because I remember being like, oh, I get to see them like, you know, visually like, you know here you've got like Snow White brought up to speed with like everybody know it was just like go
off someone. I'm like, like, really,
All
Right. Just manufacturing to give them away to the crew for yeah.
What?
No,
That would
be awesome. You're gonna pay out your nose for that.
What?
That's awesome.
That
ever comes up. It's gonna it's that'll cost I couldn't see that going for less than like the teams of thousands. Probably
like you with
your
hand.
It's
not
what?
Nobody
do. Just type in cruz shirt. Yeah.
Restaurant.
Okay. I'll do that because that's you know that Because I love record ralph. I love I love that whole I mean the first one second.
Yeah. I was just like, oh like that that you know what that was that was the direct to video record route.
Like why
did
you release that in the theater? Said you really, you didn't have something? You're gonna thrown in
coffee.
Right. Exactly. That was a throw that I'm like give that as the bonus on Disney plus instead of charging 29 99 for it and let's make everybody happy.
The
second Aladdin was better than that one.
Return
of Jafar much better than wreck it ralph to. It
was
like it doesn't even have anything to do with anything. This
is
like when they started their like oh look wifi it is. I'm like what the fuck his wife, I have to do with an arcade.
Don't
bye.
No not right. Exactly. I'm like no I'm like are they gambling now? I mean I don't get it. There's no reason for you know, you you go somewhere. If they if they have eight racers, you have eight machines lined up right next to each other.
Know
what?
No,
No. That would be funny. But all right, I'll let you go,
let's get you to buy.