Hello.
I'm doing all right thank you
how
are you?
Uh Not too
much.
This has been a big highlighter
thing.
I've been working for it in my day. How about you?
I've lost count of how many I did them a while back but then I started having some technical issues and then kind of reset
with this one. This is my first one of this uh session.
I think about two years now. Mhm.
Yeah it's good. Especially with the little plug and they've now made. That's really helpful. Yeah.
but.
Uh
Have you used any website? Use the website user testing?
That one is pretty good. It's basically a site where you get little notifications it just goes ding and it has little screener and they're never more than like 15 questions and they're really quick. It's I
hate the surveys where you know you spend 20 minutes answering questions. It's like sorry you didn't qualify the
wait
you
know?
thankfully this one doesn't do that. If the screen of questions are super quick and if you qualify and accept that you then usually do like a little 15 minute thing where if
you if you enjoy your good at talking out loud, it's really good because you're showing a website or some software and you basically follow steps and they ask you okay, you're going to look at this website, please speak out loud and find a basketball and put it in your cart and then you go, okay, I'm on the website, I'm going to click this little icon that is the magnifying glass and type in the word basketball.
Oh, I expected it to get rid of the words search but I had to delete it myself. That's
counterintuitive and you just do that and, and at the end of the video you get paid $10 it's always a $10.
it kind of ranges. I'll sometimes get like eight or nine little dings a day but I may not qualify for them, but it only takes like a total of
doing the screeners for all of those maybe five minutes because it gives immediate feedback whether or not you qualify. And some weeks all have, I'll get like four or five in a week and then I'll have a dry spell for a few weeks and then but it's always a bare minimum of $10. And then you can also take little screeners for um live interviews, kind of like what we're doing now but with some sort of representative of your company and those are 30 minutes and 60 minutes apiece and those pay $30.60 dollars respectively.
Uh It really all depends. As long as you like tell the truth on the screener questions, it can be something like what banking
companies have you worked? Do you have an account with? And so for example, Wells Fargo. And then that was when I did and I basically spent 30 minutes talking with a representative about my experience using Wells Fargo and then saying, okay, have you had any customer support issues that were resolved? Really well? Did you have any customer support issues that you found frustrating? And so basically the 30 minutes, 60 minute ones are just going back and forth talking with an individual. Sometimes it's just questions. Uh
sometimes
it's like okay we want you to try this app and in real time describe how you think it's gonna work,
described if it will make sense
uh user testing
and make sure you click the part where
it's the be a shoot, what's the word? It's not participant.
But when you go on their website, they're the main thing of their website is, you know, you can get feedback but then you need to find the needle, tiny cabin one of the corners that has become a tester and you click on that to create
an account and they do
the first,
the very first one
is,
let me see uh user testing uh
checking right now florida. Here we go. Uh no,
it's sorry, not in the corner. Get
paid to test. It's right next
to resources on the top of the, so it goes platform solutions,
customers,
partner resources
get paid
to
test
and
that's the one where you will
I found it really good. I've made a lot of extra spending money that way. So,
so what do you do for fun when
you're not, you know,
prolific ng
well,
what,
come on.
I
but
well thank you for your service
but
Well
What?
No,
What video games do you play
as
the,
that's the tank one, right.
I like
to talk
uh let's see.
I, I also do
video
games,
I'm
more of the single player
person
since I have absolutely no skill at anything competitive,
so
like the super grounded. Right.
no.
sounds fun. I
learned about
that
game with a Youtube channel that I watched called Outside Extra. They're just kind of a british
game review company and they were doing a little bit on Kingdom Come deliverance and every week they would have some sort of quiz where one person would quiz the other and for Kingdom Come deliverance, they did to choose your own adventure, where one of the hosts wrote a choose your own adventure stories set in Kingdom Come deliverance and read it to the other one. And she had to choose like do you want to do this or do you want to do this? And like every third choice that she made? Uh
Yeah, it was like you have died of dysentery.
simulated
lightning is going to come down and just
I've I also for fun run a dungeons and dragons game and a lot of my players are like grew up on things like Skyrim elder scrolls and so that whole loot everything mentality is something that they're trying to unlearn because the whole thing
with
D and D. Is all your actions have consequences. Wait. So they burned down the town and like you can't do that and they were like you know what the elder scrolls, it's fine, we pay off the garden or kill them and they forget. No
it's going to work like that in dND
Uh Pokemon magic.
You yoed those are the three ones I know of.
Oh boulder skate.
Well.
yeah. Warhammer 40 K. That's a big one. Um hearthstone I think is digital only. I'm not sure. I I my my nerdiness extends to dungeons and dragons.
What?
What?
Thank
you.
I regret
something like that.
I'm
not sure. I haven't
actually read any of the like books, the narrative stories. I have the actually right here
I have the handbook that I read through all the time
but I haven't read any of the actual stories set
in the universe.
Yeah. Yes. The guide. Yeah.
I
think.
What?
Tms. But
I had I haven't seen the cartoon, it's on my to watch list but actually
which
is why it looks, I've seen memes of it in the internet sphere of like hey episode one. They're beginning adventurers who do you think they're going to fight Colborne Goblins? No team at god of death and destruction?
I
And this
That
sounds like the average dND party, so kudos for the accuracy.
Actually the D. And D game I run is three girls. Two I think two boys uh I got my friend playing and then she invited her sister and then one of her other sisters heard and also wanted to join. So it's
three sisters co worker and two co workers.
And
yeah.
Yeah.
What?
I think my parents were pretty staunchly against video games for a while so so my first console console I think was the we Okay.
Which?
Right. No I did that though, I did get a game
boy because
that was great for car rides, but
actually when I was at home it was outside or reading or something, I wish I had discovered dungeons and dragons sooner because that's I do that more than video games now.
It's funny actually uh with the dungeons and dragons cartoon like I said I haven't seen it but it's become such a meme and the dND spheres that I ran a Halloween one shot for all my players and we all dressed up and I actually bought the dungeon master costume from the
dungeons and dragons cartoons, like the bald cap at the hair
look like a complete idiot. And it went from uh
it was a dark gothic horror inspired by Edgar Allan Poe. So
every, every room is like a reference to a different post story and it's dark and creepy and it's about how the necromancers wife died and he's now trying to summon her back by using the body parts of the servants he killed. It's supposed to be this dark creepy thing and
and in about 10 minutes it stopped being dark and creepy. It was it started off horror and ended Scooby doo. It was
there was the hull. They were in one room with a bust of the raving queen and they kept hearing a tapping noise which was supposed to be referenced to the raven. You know, tap tap tap, they were convinced it was a clue that they just couldn't figure out. So they ultimately resorted to flirting with the statue of the raving queen to see if they could reduce the information and I'm just going, I'm supposed to be staring at mysterious and they were
painting
on
the long,
it's like,
oh I love it, it's absolute chaos. But the rogue who is you have this dark edgy, you know in the game he we've been having private conversations, he's planning on trying to kill the entire party at some point, which I'm really excited for. Uh but in the one shot there were all these paintings along the wall with like horrific imagery. Each one of them
also references to post stories like Hop Frog with people being burned alive or looking at the judges from the pendulum and he walked over to the painting and when I describe, because I have on my note, he starts going full art critic on, oh, I see what this represents. The gesture is the lowly individual and the king he represents the 1%
and how the burning flames of capitalism. And
it
did that
for
every painting. He did that.
I loved it. It was absolutely
hilarious. And the barbarian
came and she was like, what R. And I had to
make a saving throw and
she didn't really lined up. So I was like, no, you take one point of psychic damage because you don't understand the art well enough. Lots of angry messages after I'm going to kill you for that one. Though, it's not funny.
It was so curious
normally
weekly and when things are going well. I'm also
in school as a screenwriter and recently class has been really hectic. I just wrote a 44 page spec script that I have to trim down another 10 pages. And so it's been kind of, we've only met
two weeks
because a spec script is basically where?
don't worry, I don't know all that much either. Um basically a spec script isn't an original,
it's based on a pre existing source material, so take like parts and recreation or Duck Tales or it's basically what you write to kind of pick yourself to companies and say, ok, here's proof that I could be a writer for this show. I can write in the style and the voice. And so part of the aspect of writing a spec script is researching actual official script and seeing how many pages they are. And
so
No,
yes, you basically write an episode for a show that's currently airing and then
that's a way for people to go, oh, okay. He can write, he can understand that, he may have an original voice, but he can also emulate a pre existing series of characters because you don't want, even if someone's a great writer, if they only can write in their own style then they're not going to work on in the writer's room. So a spec script is basically a script of a show that you didn't create and so I've been writing for Duck Tales, but the problem is the average duck Tales script is about 33 pages
and minus
your dad tells
yes, and the problem is an average Duck Tales is like 30 somewhat pages, but a my script is 44 so I need to get it down to the right size just to actually meet the criteria.
Oh cool, I I haven't seen Broadchurch,
I'm a big fan of Doctor Who, so
and
that they're the best,
how come
they
do tone that down in later seasons, so
I didn't actually see the original,
which I realize is
like a huge
deficit since the new one.
Amazing.
Love orange pad.
That was stupid in the original
last
But
the
Bill, Nye,
they did uh they did flesh out Gyro a little bit in one of the episodes that was like an entire homage to Astro Boy, which was kind of hilarious.
What?
that's awesome.
quick
just
They
all
that's cool. I learned during my research for the episode because I actually, I did more than just like watched the whole series, but I learned that in one of the scrooge Mcduck comics, I can't remember which one I think was scrooge Mcduck in the seven Cities of Cibola. Or that was at least the adventure, the Beagle Boys set off a booby trap that causes a giant rolling boulder to trace after them and break through a wall. And steven. Spielberg cited that Duck tales comic as the inspiration for the scene in indiana jones with the giant rolling boulder.
there's the
whole serialized adventure genre which I
think
researchers.
I go ahead.
I love the kind
of
combination
of grounded
reality
with
like the show
with
you know
this person is related to this person, this person is related to this person and it's all hyper realistic. It has to all make sense in track. And then they'll have something where they're like uh you know use a snake as a grappling hook or something.
Have you?
that was the thing when I was pitching basically the show for my class where we had to find a comedy to write for and I said I want to do duck tales. And my teacher kind of gave me this look because everyone is like, oh I want to write for Shits Creek, I want to write what we do in the shadows, I want to write for Dave, just all these more adults, not refined, but and I go dick tail, I'll be like, okay, I'll watch a couple episodes and he writes when I was like that, it was way more complex and you know, not mature, but that the jokes are more highbrow than just cartoony, cartoony, which is why I love it so much.
I have not,
I never actually watched johnny quest either.
That's
good.
Is
that the one that has the line, because I, a significant portion of my pop culture understanding relates to memes I say on the internet now, but is that the one that has the line? You know, you should be digging through the dumpster for bacon scraps, you two piece chicken mcnugget buddy, or is that a different
show?
Of course.
What?
That's awesome. Have you seen Phineas and Ferb to me? Like the three animated were Phineas and Ferb Duck tales and the it only lasts like two seasons, but the spiritual successor to Phineas and Ferb, which was Milo Murphy's Law, because all of those basically of the monopoly for kids shows that have really clever writing and I would love
that.
Second season is uh first season is fantastic, it's made by the creators of Phineas and Ferb and the main character is voiced by Weird Al Yankovic. So that alone had me sold
episodes and it's all about this kid who is the great great great great great great grandson of the Murphy, from Murphy's Law, anything that can go wrong, will and all Murphy's Children are cursed so that any time they try to partake in any activity, something goes wrong. And so
it's him trying to just navigate a daily basis with everything going horrible. But he has the most upbeat chipper attitude is like a backpack. That's basically the Tartus that has all sorts of random things. So no matter what goes wrong, he will always just like reach into his backpack, pull out a bicycle helmet, put that on. It is ridiculous.
But also really funny
basically the woodchuck guidebook where he just knows like they're on the subway and the subway suddenly breaks off and his two friends are going, oh my gosh, we're all going to tell you, He just calmly reaches into his backpack, calls out a seatbelt and seatbelts himself to the metal poets. Like always wear your seat belt. Like I noted your back back
in case this happened.
Why did
you think this was going to happen for logically speaking? It was a significant choice chance.
So
I love the duck tales bit where launchpad has his own side story that they never show throughout the entire episode and that's happened at least I think three times where like script and the kids will go to like explore the casino or something and lunch probably like, oh I gotta go talk to a friend and then he leaves and when they get back to the plane after the entire plot has happened, they see the launch pad like
drenched in sweat with arrows sticking out of his backpack and like a samurai helmet on. he's like, oh yeah,
I
just hang I'll always remember you Angelina, Let's go, guys, what
happened?
No explain that. I know we're never explaining this ever.
that good one. There was a recent
one that I have to recommend because for no other reason because it had a multiple diehard references, which is just not what you think of when you think of Disney shows,
but
that was season three, where um where it's when Donald meets what's her name? Uh daisy because Huey and Louie crash apart. Oh, it's called Louise 11 or something like that. It definitely
because
you have the bad guy going at the beginning when he left, Donna didn't welcome to the party pal
and I was like, oh was that a diehard reference that they sneak that in and then Donald jumps out at the end of the episode and attacks the Big falcon. Like hey mr falcon, okay, now they know what they're doing?
Uh huh I kind of love the fact that it is why seven? Because then you don't expect,
because with the mature show you're like, oh they reference Die Hard, but if you're watching kids show you don't think they're going to like, make a reference to indiana jones or something like that. In one of the
episodes,
they find the Fountain of Youth and get stopped by john d rocker duck. He's like ah scrooge Mcduck. You now see there is nothing that you possess that I cannot take away.
Oh, I love that so much.
it's such a great show. I hope I get like 87 more seasons.
I I am like two episodes behind on
the season right now and every time I watch an episode I have
like
mini heart
attack
because I'm
always terrified
because I finished my script and I need to cut it down. But I'm always concerned. Like every time I watch an episode they're somehow going to like have taken what not taken, but you know, come up with the same idea and I'm gonna have to scrap everything and be like, oh no, I have to redo everything
now.
Hi, I don't know.
Probably, I feel kind of badly doing one of my other classmates was writing for the Tv show mom and she was writing the new season opener and then the new season opener came out and went in a completely different direction. So she rewrote her whole script and I was wildly addressed.
I wasn't, I was very impressed because
I don't think
I could
have done that. I would have been like data that this is an alternate universes.
Did you see the episode of Duck tales where it was like a simultaneous parody, in homage to the old Disney afternoons? Where they were the
Why, where's that laughing coming
from?
When
most
of all,
that this was really
fun. I enjoyed this
way. That sales, Whoa.
And
thank
you. I don't know if you've seen it, but just since the last subject of Duck tales, I promise at best, there's actually
online is there's one episode that the cast of Duck Tales of the live table read in Disney at one point, so it's just them reading the script from one of the episodes, but live in front of an audience and kind of messy each other. So that's really fun because they got David Tennant, they got uh Huey dewey and Louie, it was the one where they were doing a birthday party for scrooge and louis had like the daft punk helmet and the little
car
and
the
act.
it's really like getting hammered with the ghosts of christmas,
I would bet money. He is the guy who plays fix it Felix in the record ralph movies.
I
usually just call whenever I
hear,
as long
as I'm
like, oh it's effective Felix,
he doesn't
have another
name, that's the same now
and
then
they made, they made record ralph to instead of Sugar rush mistakes were made,
so
thank you,
She's so good. I Oh man, that movie hurt to watch, I love Disney. I worked at Disney and that movie hurts me, I cannot rewatch it.
Basic. That was actually, that was the one funny part. They did end up paying like $15,000.
Oh cool. What this name, florida
or uh Oh cool.
dang! The one thing I found cool
on
Ebay is because I'm a massive
Utopia fan, that's my favorite Disney movie. But now, because if I want them to make a sequel so badly, but if they make it like wreck it ralph two, I don't want them to make us equal. But
you think so? But now they made record ralph to instead
with ralph doing a smr and
screaming goat videos. I
midlife crisis.
Your whole previous thing was
how you
wanted to be a racer sugar rush.
That was your heart
and the Disney princesses were so
over
advertised
for how much they were in the movie.
I thought it was going to be like a significant portion of the movie. It was funny, I would have watched that, I would have preferred that.
but
it was disappointing. But on Ebay you can find for sale people who worked on the movie record ralph. Uh
Disney gave them crew member exclusive t shirts. And so occasionally people actually sell record ralph t shirts that aren't like, you know, store ones, but there's a super limited edition that have that have unique designs on them. And occasionally there even technically copyright infringement because Disney wouldn't sell them. They were just for
Yeah, the one I've been looking for for
years ever since I learned existed
was for frozen and it was for the effects crew. And on the back it has Olaf in an on an iron throne made of icicles
and
I know and it says underneath winter
is rendering
can't find anywhere.
But
who? I've gotten one Zootopia
one
and then I bid
on another and got outbid. But uh huh surprisingly not all the crews shirts go
for that
much. Like I got one for my friend who loves marijuana for like 20 bucks. And it was an original uh this crew one
that you can't get anywhere else. So it all depends on, you know how many people are looking. But if if you're a wreck it ralph fan prolific going Ding, Ding. If you're a big record ralph fan, that's something look at work is. It's such a cool, unique gift that I found for,
you know?
Uh Yeah, actually wreck it
Ralph Crew uh is probably wreck it ralph cast.
You don't speak of the second one.
there
are
Children.
That was a covid
movie. That was one were like, oh
there have been direct to video Disney movies that were better than that
one.
Thank you. I was literally going to say King of Thebes better and more dramatic and a better
character.
then we
heard
the
what?
I hope why, I hope the arcade
doesn't use Wifi
because that kind of isn't how arcades work.
12 3 ralph and Penelope. Go to a casino and caused
tens
of thousands in credit card debt. I would watch that. Let me wreck it
ralph.
Thank you. Great night. Thanks for being you.