Hello? Mm hmm.
If you're you. There we go. How are you doing today?
I'm
a little and I'm a little anti, I just found out that I had another one of these like 10 minutes ago because they didn't want, I did one yesterday and normally they tell you when you're scheduled, but they just told me they sent me an email an hour ago saying you have one at one PM today. And so I'm really your, we're both lucky that I checked my email because I just found out that I had to do one of these. So pardon me if I'm a little Anthony.
What?
it's
this
is probably
my favorite thing on prolific. 25
minutes. 15 bucks.
Okay. And they don't make you wait, they pay the same day,
This is my 3rd 1. So, uh, what's your name? I'm Griffin, nice to meet you.
So what kind of stuff are you into, man?
Good start. Yeah,
Don't mind me,
I'm not drunk or anything so don't worry about it.
It's an unbelievably cheap At my local store, you get two for under $6 and it's a lot weaker than the stuff that I used to drink. So it's a step
in the right direction generally. Yeah.
Uh huh. I'm a bit of a literal alcoholic. So uh
I just have to, it is what I was drinking before was 14% and that's danger zone that I might as well be drinking hard liquor, which is just not that good. Look, I can function drinking this stuff and I can go about my day and you know
uh my worst habit is is messaging people when I'm drunk.
Like
I I wish that I could just ban myself from facebook messenger when I was drunk because I wake up in the
morning.
All
so
I will wake up, I will wake up and I'll just be so anxious like what
did I say? What did I uh God, but I haven't had any issues in quite a while.
What kind of games do you like man? What
have you been playing?
Oh, I have never actually, I tried it like really early and we hated it.
Well I I really like eldest girls lower, kind of a big dork about it and they
like, like sludge muppet and stuff, but
but they've messed up a bunch of the lower and so I don't know. All
the usual.
I actually got the urge to play an MMO pretty recently and I got into final Fantasy.
And I played it for like two weeks straight. I like no life it and I reached max level and then I just stopped. I
don't know
like I just didn't feel that like because there was Endgame stuff and I really didn't like the community, maybe it was my service
and
and
Really gross. They're like the most horny group of online
gamers I've ever encountered in my entire life, unpleasant to be around when luckily I was playing like a male care, like a generic human male, so I wasn't slobbered
over like lots of things are in that game, but I don't know, I reached level 80 black maids and was like good. And then I just never picked it back up again. I've been playing games can impact a little
bit,
which is pretty bad, but pretty good
against an impact. Is it's like, have you, have you played breath of the wild?
Well, it's it's a lot like the New Zelda, it's like open world, pretty kind of sandbox Dealio but tension impact is free to play. Uh But it's a gotcha with anime, anime characters. It's really,
it's it's really good is the problem. Like, I should hate it and I know that they want you to spend money on it, but I'm not going to spend any fucking money on it and it's gorgeous and free and you can play it the same account on your phone, on your computer, kind of dope. You might want to check it out. I would not spend any money on that shit. But I know people that have Uh huh
I only, I like the Xbox game pass a lot because they just add free shit all the time, like truly good titles and and I like Rogue lite Roguelikes, Roguelikes and they add those constantly. So with like that once uh I just check it like once a week and there's almost always something new to play on it. Yeah,
but I've been playing, I've been playing some other weird shit. Uh I've been playing Dagger Fall Unity
back.
Yeah. Well Dagger Fall, it's the second elder scrolls game, but they put it into the Unity engine and made it not terrible to play and it has mob support and that's also totally free.
Dagger
Fall Unity is pretty, pretty damn it because you can just download Dagger Fall because you need like the ace files for it. Like you can get those free
from Bethesda because they don't charge for that game anymore because it's from dos.
I want.
there's a popular Youtuber who does really long streams of Niagara Fall Unity and he has a list of mobs that he uses that I used as the basis for my list of mods. It is a big damn dork. But uh it's fun. I have probably, I don't know, 30 hours on this character and it's fun. It's it's very dungeon Crawley the world is super huge.
It's
literally
the size of great Britain.
Yeah, it's it's unbelievably stupid, huge. But it was all procedurally generated. And then in a similar vein I
just be more wind on open, more wind because I own moral in and that they put that on a new engine to and made that better. Not that it
was bad.
Oh, I've never done that but that would be super fun. Yeah.
If
I hate playing things on my phone
unless I can use it.
I
don't
know
of but unless I can use this guy
The eight bit though. It's an eight bit though so it has Bluetooth, I can connect it to my phone but
not everything
supports that. That's the best controller ever made by a man in my opinion.
Get yourself. Yeah I get yourself like that.
Well
I like I like Tribunal a lot which is the first of the D. L. C. S. And I think that that one is just great because it deals with the tribunal. You get to deal with Alm alexia. You get cool narrow marine stuff you get to see. So Sill who's my favorite of the Tribunal Blood Moon? I hated and in fact my last play through I stopped like halfway through because it was so boring and fetch questions and I I don't I don't want to be aware wolf. So uh
well it's sort of like based around it you get like the special ring that her sings ring that makes your where willpower better and you can do it, it will.
I
don't know I did not I did not take that one And I really tried, I really and I pushed through I gave it like five hours or something like running around and it's just like man, I just don't care about any of these. It was the last expansion pack for that for that to that game and writing just wasn't very good police in my opinion, but more wins general writing and it's storytelling is just unbelievably good.
Yeah I have a soft spot for it because I had it at release and it was the first game I ever wanted and so yeah and so I've played dog shit out of it when I was like I don't know, 12 or 13 or whatever, however old I was in that without you know.
I believe it is good. Oblivion is good. I I replayed it like two years ago and like fully broke the game like just fully like made the most unbelievably overpowered character. Use the glitch where you can use the staff and you can clone people so you can get items. Yeah it's the school of corruption and you can clone a dead body. And so like for example in the arena there's a guy who has a shield that grants 100% resistance to magic but you can't pick up, you can't pick up items from the arena normally, But you can use that glitch to be able to pick it up and then you have 100% resistance magic one slot and I just I just broke
it and it was pretty fun but I don't really want to play it again. Not for a while anyways. What kind of music do you like? Okay.
from
lot of what?
I don't know who that is so I can't make money. I don't wear. Is you seem embarrassed?
I don't
know. I listen to I don't know, I listen a lot of weird shit. I listen to a lot of folk punk. Um I listened to a lot of whatever my Spotify recommends me because it recommends me, you know that it gives me like a weekly playlist and it's like bedroom park and I don't know weird yet. I mean if I were to say my favorite band is probably the strokes.
Uh huh Which is
pretty
free.
Uh huh. My mom was really into them when they were first releasing their first albums like is this it? And then I got into them and I just never stopped
like um like my comfort music, you know? Sorry, I smoke a lot.
Mhm. It's a requirement for me. I need to be able to smoke in my bedroom because I hate having to get up and do the whole I brought a lot of incent. So.
You have any what? Um I don't But in in the main house because I'm in a guesthouse, they have My mom has two dogs and then my brother and my niece have three cats. And I I like the little dogs. My mama's little dogs are really cool, but I I'm not really into cats. I think they're assholes.
huh. I'm just uh they just they just vomit in stupid places and dicks hair. There were a lot of blacks. Always pet Harold.
No.
Right. True. No, sure now. So he has a black cat and she's she's a siberian and her hair is like
it's actually like almost brown so it still shows. Although I'm I'm interested in getting rats. I would like a couple of fancy rats
because I
think
as long as long as you get pet rex and not like featurettes and try to keep those because that doesn't work out the same. They're really smart and sweet and don't take up a whole lot of space. You can hang out with them and then you can put them away sort of up my alley. My room is pretty small. I wouldn't be able to have like a dog or anything. Madness. Yeah. Timer We have we're doing good we're doing good 12 minutes. I think we'll just stop at 30 after if that's good with you.
Yeah. Just because they say you have to do at least 25 minutes and there's no wiggle room so you want to go over a little bit, I think from
I'm
sorry.
well, I'm pretty easy going man, so you don't gotta worry. I think you're pretty nice. Do you have any hobbies?
Oh, that would be a pretty cool hot. Yeah.
That's cool.
I
got really I got really into that conceptually when I was like 14 and like mortar and pestle and got all these books from Bookman's about it and stuff. I think it's a cool idea.
Sure, sure we used to make bombs used to make bombs for all kinds of things, They probably still have some bombs I like uh well
I play UKulele um and I make shit, I make all kinds of stuff. I make skateboards, I do art. Uh I do poetry sometimes.
Well I have I have a low attention stand so I need to have vast interest to keep me interested in something because I can't do one thing for too terribly wrong. I'm also pretty dang good cook. I say so myself. I'm like a poor foodie, you know.
Yeah. What's your favorite food? If you had to choose like right now, just off the top of your head? Like what your food?
I'm in love
with
red beans and rice.
well I went to Louisiana because I live in Tucson Arizona and Running through Tucson Arizona is the interstate 10 And we drove the entire length of the I-10 all the way to Florida and we stopped in Louisiana to visit my friends, family. And uh we had just this unbelievable feast of southern food and I ate my weight in red beans and rice and I've just never turned back from it being like uh the perfect food. I can eat it like every day with club crackers. Right? I hate it when you put the cigarette out but it doesn't actually go out, we'll just keep burning and
then you smell it
smell it and it smells
like shit. Like what the fuck? It didn't smell like shit a minute ago. Uh huh. Yeah.
Go ahead man. We can talk about video games, we can talk about video games all day. Probably. Mm Well no, I
found
it pretty interesting. Go ahead. Go ahead.
Come
on,
come
on.
Same would absolutely. Oh that's Deidre. So I mean they
still
Come
from
at this stage of worship. But if I was gonna I was gonna go for the idea of the Deidre, I would probably go with sanguine because of the debauchery
and the Dionysus aspect of it. But for a dra the nine Divines I think probably Giuliano's because I like magic. I I play I play a wizard and everything including
quickly.
I in every game that I possibly can I play a male wizard including D. And D. And I've I've had probably like six male human wizards. Indian media because I'm boring. But it's what I like.
I think magic is fucking awesome.
My most recent run in Skyrim was con duration only own and it was pretty
awesome so I could use swords but only bound weapons. Do you like some in the swords and just like army of skeletons kind of a leo which is neat and with the ritual stone unmodified because I played pretty model but with unmodified the ritual stone you can bring back to life like all the dead things in a huge ass area so you let kill abandoned camp and cast the ritual and they all become your like an army of people become your Thrones and that's pretty funny. Uh
I like overpower, I'm cheesy, I mean I've beaten all the dark souls, so it's not like I mind
challenges but I can work towards breaking the game and becoming really strong. I will
because
that
uh well it's like power fantasy sort of stuff, I like that, I like that in comic books too just because you know like I don't like batman or Spiderman because it's just so street level and so earthly and so basic I want like God's fighting God sort of shit, you know and that's actually one of the things that I do. Uh
I make skateboards like I said but I make them out of cut up comic book pages,
like you collages on the bottoms of skateboards with real comic book pages and then I like steal it in acrylic varnish. They're a giant pain in the I don't have my deck in here, otherwise I'll show you their joint pain
in
the
ass
to go
Montreal.
he'll do like a late, like a thick ash layer of acrylic varnish. But they take me like three months to make and I've had people like, want me to make them one like, yeah, it's going to be expensive and it's gonna take a feeling on time.
And
then when I'm,
when I'm done, I'm not gonna want to give it to you because it took me so long to make it. And actually the saddest thing, my last board, because I had a connection with a skate company in southern California,
That was a one
board making shop. He like hand pressed the boards. His name was Sambo. He closed. Unfortunately, it's super sad, but I had a Sambo board, an old school deck with a kick tail, like super meat and I did all DC comics. Then I had like the first page of Sandman on it. It was just gorgeous. Two layers of lacquer and they stole it off my porch. Some, some, somebody stole it was like sticky still. It was not finished. Yeah.
Yeah. I haven't made another one because I have, I have a blank deck over here, but I haven't, I haven't had the heart to make another one yet because uh, asshole.
I'm
sure that they like realized it was sticky and they couldn't do anything with it. They probably ended up like throwing it away. I don't know, pain in my ass.
Yeah, Well I just won't varnish things in the front yard anymore. You figure like it doesn't seem like something that you would come and if like the, the standard was on was all covered in varnish, like messy and like that probably looks like it's wet or something crab. I don't know, people
and life
we are almost done. You're almost done. So tell me a story.
now you don't give yourself enough credit.
it's a,
it's
just
Mhm It's, it's storytelling is one of those things. I think that being told really good stories teaches you a lot about how good stories are told and like I think that would help me a lot was I read like my whole childhood, I read, I read like crazy and I still have a little library over here and I think that helps. And the biggest thing is density entity of your words, you know like, like how much can you like saying a whole lot without having the stay a whole lot, you know what I mean?
And that's and it's the same thing with writing like and with my pros and stuff that's been published, it's about writing really densely and not not literally the verbosity
so much. It's just like getting a
lot
of information across without too much flowery language. Uh then people just lose interest. You know, we get all drifting
trump
up.
I'm bad. I'm
bad at that.
And in fact in the survey that we're going to do after this, there's three blocks where I have to write 50 words And I have trouble filling in the 50 words because I there's just not
15.
I
know. Yeah. Then you just kind of, you just kind of roll with it la la la la la la la la but like I can get the entire point of the conversation across and like three sentences for something, you know?
Thank
you. Yeah, I think the first one I was like and by the way, 50 words is a little excessive, Requiring 50 words just means that people are going to do that, they're just gonna build.
Mhm. I mean 25 words would be fine like so you're not doing just two words and you're required to do at least two sentences or something. But 50 words come on guys. You know you're watching this scientist if he were a little excessive. So what do we have? Uh we got one minute that one minute one minute remaining I'm gonna roll a cigarette.
Yellow,
I fucking love yellow and black and grey. Black and grey and yellow. Mm.
Especially like yellow, yellow. Like glossy plastic yellow. Like I had, my sunglasses are heart shaped and
they're colossi
plastic yellow. And I don't know. I don't know if that's something to my brain. I love it. Well, all right brother. I hope you have
a great rest of your name. It was nice talking
to you. Uh huh.