Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Perfect. I Yeah, no, true. Mm. Okay. Yeah. All right. Okay. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Okay. That's right. Okay. Mhm. Thank you. Oh, good. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Look at that time. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. That might be Oh, Mhm. I think yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Hello? Hi.
I think this is like my sixth time doing this and you're the first person to show up every other time. I'm
shocked
of
shark tank.
Really? I don't know what my luck is or something. But anyway, what are you supposed to?
smoking awesome. I'm getting paid to do this. Okay.
Really? Oh my God. Like
I seriously
signed
up.
I'm
sorry. Oh, I'm just like, I forget what I was gonna say, but I feel like every single time have signed up and then I get a time and then like nobody shows up. Like I would love to have a conversation with a stranger early. But
Yeah. Well, I get like, forgetting it. Like, I get that because like, a couple of times I didn't know to look at my um my messages on there and then like, you know, like, I noticed like a day later, it's like, oh, so I like was the No show once wise, but it's like, it's seriously like six times nobody's shown up and it's like, oh my God, frustrating. But
but
anyway,
I wasn't sure if that was years
of I've
So
What?
That's
that's super weird because like, I don't know. I imagine the type of person who does this is like young. Like, I don't know. Like not usually
men because like, my
aunt
and my mom,
my
aunt
and my mom
do this. Yeah, exactly. That's so fucking weird. Well, anyway, where are you from?
Or
are
you
allowed to,
are you allowed to say stuff
like this? Just
like
general,
get to know you okay. I didn't know if there was like a privacy thing of like, don't disclose who you are or whatever. Okay. No, it just feel free to be like, no,
Kind of, Yeah, I haven't been in that region at all. But like, I
have
an idea,
okay, I am living in Washington state currently, but I don't, this isn't my home. I'm supposed to be living in europe right now and here I am because of Covid.
Yeah, I know
Well, I grew
up in Alaska and then I lived in Minnesota for a few years and then I was like moving from Minnesota to Seattle and I was like, hey, fuck it, I want to go to europe. And I've never been and like now I have some time in between jobs and I didn't actually have a job yet. And I was like fuck it, I'll just go like on a one way ticket for like three or four weeks and this was two years ago now. And I lived
there for a year and a
half. I traveled for like three months and then I lived there for like a year and a half and then I came back for christmas this last year and while Covid happened and here I am.
well
there's a lot
of them
here.
because I I learned german through like high school and I've always been curious about europe like, I don't know why not, but I hate flying. So I was like, I'll never go if I have less than three weeks. And I was between jobs. So it's like fuck it, I'll get a one way ticket and see what happens like.
Yeah. And then like
Actually not as much as you think. I mean here I am doing like surveys, right? Like I
mean like I'm studying the first full and stuff, but like, and I like kind of like work for like neighbors and stuff, like doing yard work like part time. But like I so like when you, it's like the ticket to get over there is the expensive part. But like, okay, if you're like in paris or like London, it's super expensive. But if you're like eastern, europe, west or central and eastern europe, it's actually super cheap. Like there's
places.
No, but there's like there's like a couple of few countries I've been to that. It's like You can live on like $300, 34 well like Like $3, a month. Like comfortably. So
it's interesting right? Yeah.
It's like it's crazy but it's so fun.
It.
Oh no big deal right there.
Like we'll just go to another country.
my
well
I don't think most,
Well most people don't, I just like because like the way I do it is like it depends on how comfortably comfortable you are being like kind of a little bit uncomfortable at all times. So it's like places like you know that you're spending $400 a month and you're not seeing like you don't have the comfort of like the U. S. You know everything is a little bit like weird or whatever. Like I like buses are like really cheap but they're really, you know it's like
you know long. It's crazy. It's like so it's
like stuff like food is really good but like if you're like, if you want to live like a plush life, obviously you're gonna spend more than that. But if you're like okay, just kind of like rough in it, it's like you can swing it or hostels or whatever and stuff like that is like different.
Well so I had like some savings saved up and I then I was doing um I was learning german in Germany for my Visa and then I started then I like couldn't stay in Germany any longer with that Visa. So I then Prague was like four hours away. And so like, I was like, well I loved Berlin Germany is like the coolest city over. I was like fuck it, I want to stay. So then I went and got a Visa to study at an american university in Prague and then I hated Prague. But anyway, so it was like it's like kind of like living on visas is not the best life but it's what it is. Right? Yeah
but
where have you been like
you
don't
appreciate
it.
Uh But that's
almost good in a way or no.
Wait what? Hold on. What?
Where
where is this?
Where
even
is that,
Oh my God,
that's amazing.
Okay nice. And I
see
that stuff I've never done
But
still.
This
you should absolutely like it's even like as a solo female it's like it's doable. It's like there's definitely places that I won't go alone but like generally as long as you're smart about it and like during the day and stuff like like of course out at night you need to be a little bit more careful. But like, I don't know like you can do it like women. It's like, it's really cool because like especially once you start solo, like you travel solo. Like I was like when I left I was like this is my bubble. I like my bubble. Like I feel safe here and everything else is weird. And then I got there. I was like, I like don't not interested in like communal living. And then I was like, well I have to do hostels to save money. And then
you find like the coolest fucking people in hostels and the hostels became like the best part. And so it's like, I
was never like, I was never alone though because then you're like, you go into the hospital, you're like, hey anyway you want to go do this. And then like some random person. Yeah, sure. And then suddenly you have like five people going to do this like random thing you've never done before or you've never let these people that's like Yeah.
Let's
plan
it,
Yeah, exactly. By then you're just like, I'll fuck it like no,
it's
it's really
hard. It's like if you just like, of course it's easy to say, you know, like just go like, you know, whatever. Like I don't know, maybe, you know, having jobs and everything is kind of a problem. But like, you know like if you can figure it out, it's like, it's so cool because in europe you can just get like tickets anywhere for all like nothing. It's like,
like either buses or um flights. Like I was living in Berlin and I was like, fuck it, I found $26 round trip tickets just like an island in Spain like oh
I
would
I
would be happy
to be.
Exactly. Seriously I'm happy to share any advice if
you want.
It's so hard because it's like you see these prices and you're like but you're like but we're going to be in lockdown and forever
like
we
are friends already.
I know
Exactly. Do you know how many things you buy and you're like actually I didn't like us so much
and then you're like
anyway, what were you going to say? Sorry, I interrupt.
Well is that your full time job or whatever?
Well
full
time. Well okay. But
still that's like what you do,
thanks.
No.
kids
But if you like. No, that's amazing. Because I've even thought about like if only I was like good, I'm like look at something like that's worth money is like I can't. But like if you have that skill like that's so fucking cool.
Get
nowhere.
Oh my god. That's
amazing.
here. Uh Let's see you don't have one either. Let's see. What can I.
I know same here. I'm just like okay wait I think this is headphones.
Is it like
the people, what the
people watching our video are gonna be like what the fuck is it still enough?
It might not be good enough quality.
hang on, let me brace myself here.
It
might.
Okay can you sell your goldfish anyway? Good. Oh yeah. Uh huh.
E. Bay is like what the
fuck? No. Yeah wow,
that's
amazing.
Well you.
That's
so
I'm gonna try that definitely. That is so cool. Because like I'm like all about finding weird ways to make money
and it's like
I don't I don't want to go back to having like that normal like 9-5. I've done that. I do not ever want to do that again. And it's
like okay doing surveys, I'm probably not going to pay rent. But like
it's like you put, it pays for like you anytime I want to order something online now there's always enough money to get it. And it's like because I don't order that much and it's like it's so cool like the survey thing I discovered that And there's so many apps where you can do that and it's like you spend so much time making so little money. But like prolific
has been like, I've made like 300 something dollars since the beginning
of the summer, which I'm like, what? That's so cool. Just
by having my screen open.
either.
but
it takes.
exactly. But it's like prolific. It's like my goal is to, you know, and it's depending if I had an actual job, this would be a little less achievable. But like if I have enough to cash out every cash out day, you know what I mean? Like £5 at least. And it's like, then it's just like so rewarding to be like, I need something so you go to Ebay, you use Paypal and I never did anything with that money. It's like, I don't even know it's gone because it wasn't even there to me in the first place was like, this is cool.
total ever. Oh yeah. Many times. Many
more
times.
Why
do
you
I thought it, I thought it was still, it would automatically process and then you'd still get on the cash just any time?
No.
I
didn't realize that because I thought it was still like, don't tell me that because I'm like, no, you still got to go for your five. Well, ideally
it's
like
£5
I didn't know that. Good to know because
I noticed it did some instant, but I was like, I think it still means you have to wait
and
you know,
it's
so
I started it and then I didn't finish filling out the application because I got busy and then I was like, then you isn't really
Are you serious?
Oh my God. Okay. Because like the I think what happened was I got hung up because they were like, you need to do like a like a sample video and I was like, okay, I don't I can't do it right now. And then I just was like, okay you need to do that and I'm just kind of lazy like that, you know?
I don't know.
But
it
is
okay then I'm doing that as soon as we get off. That's amazing. Thank you. If you've heard of, how did you find out about all this stuff?
I was gonna suggest that to you the Reddit account,
which is how I felt it. Yeah. Your money, your
money and
see I but that's how I figured, I don't know how I found beer money, but then like I found that and then like my mom and aunt have done this kind of shit like for years like done the like the bullshit stuff where you spent a month doing a dollar, you know? And
then I told him about this and they both made like hundreds already, and it's just
like, so now we're just like,
it's
so
easy.
Exactly. And it's like, I don't even feel guilty telling people because like, my mom does it and sometimes once in a while we'll get them where like I'll click, I want to be like, somebody in your household has already done this. You can't
you
can only have one. I think it's because your VPN or something like your internet, I don't know, I'm not technical but like they know that you're coming from the same internet connection. I think if I got a VPN it wouldn't do that. But it's really
weird because like, so sometimes like she'll see one pop up and she'll
have
been
like, getting it done. What?
Is that better? No shit,
um Is that better? No,
now?
Yeah, you can hear me ok? I took the headphones out, it's just my uh I live with my parents and brother now, so it's like, oh but they're all aware that I want a video call for this, let me know if you can't hear me again, if something happens.
But it's super interesting and then my mom would be like, oh there's a survey that just popped up, like, did you get it? Because if I've been like getting clocked out because she's been doing them all, she'll be like sometimes
like, oh there's one, see if you can do it, but she doesn't get the service, same service I do because we're in completely different demographic and it's like really interesting, like it's super
weird,
but it's
way
drip.
What?
that's interesting. No, the
first one I got one today, which was the first one I was for sure. Like this is for white people and even said like if you're white, this aged at this age in the U. S. And I'm like, oh my God,
there was this one.
Oh my God. Okay. No, but I took a screenshot of this. It was like this was the most controversial when I've ever gotten and it was like honestly like kind of offensively, you know what I was just, I saw it. I'm like there's no way you okay. I don't, it's basically it's, I don't know if you can see it, it's listing differently. Different. Um like
yes. Yeah. And what you think they are on here?
But like how do
I view like people have like whatever or I think it even had like americans, democrats, republicans and
then like races.
This was like, I pretty much haven't gotten much like, I mean I've definitely, especially like back in june and all the black, black lives matter stuff was going on. You got like, I definitely got some like, you know, how positive, you know, negatively do you view this stuff? And
I'm like, you know, but I've never gotten something so like, wow. Like what is that
like this? So offensive.
I
do. I'm sorry. I think we're all monkeys at this point.
I'm just, I like, I saw that this morning. I'm like, whoa. But it's
good and
interesting life.
I'm well, I know right. And there's definitely some things that come up once in a while that you like and I like send
it to my mom like, you know, because sometimes we'll talk about like, which surveys together, whatever. like, oh my God, this really interesting one today. I haven't shown her that yet and I was like, oh my goodness. Like, wow. But anyway, yeah,
it's I don't know,
wow. What is that? That's
It's beautiful. There was this, where did you get it?
Book
That's awesome. I'm
like, really glad I got something with a personality as opposed to like, I don't know, a six year old.
The weather
go walking.
no, no. My name is Whitney,
to meet you.
Wait,
Hold on 1 2nd. Your your video went away.
It's just like an outline of a, like a guy. But I assume that
just means I don't know. Well, I mean it's like just a silhouette of like a cartoon person.
Can
you
see
me?
Maybe I didn't hit it or anything?
I
didn't
yeah, I don't do that. Um I don't even know. How do you even end this thing? Yeah.
Wait
can't hold on let me look at this.
Right. Let me grab a pen some wire here. Oh there you are. You're back but still might as well. Right. Oh Goddammit. Hold on. Okay. Just in case I'll verify and you can verify me. Yeah.
All right. And I can give you I just, my internet is like my I live in the like two hours from eight hours from Seattle. I'm like if you Made a straight line to Seattle it's probably like 20 miles. But I live across the water from Seattle so you have to take like a fairy and everything. I live in the middle of nowhere. Like yes, like my I don't even because where my parents live and I didn't know I was going to be here this long and without a job. Like I can't just go like get an apartment because I'm still planning to go back to europe eventually. So here I am in the middle of fucking nowhere. I know almost no one here, like,
almost
My
best.
But
well like, because I was studying there and then like, now I'm going to go back and there's this program you can do, it's called Work away. You want your face went away again.
but
there's a I'm here. I'm sending you a tax right now. Uh
Oh, you have okay, let me know if you get it. My like I said, I have almost
no cell coverage. I can just give you the number two if you have a pen.
yeah so like that's what I was going to do and like then just like live random places while I study online and because why not? Right. Uh But I forget what I was going with that anyway. Yeah so like like all my friends are in, well not all my friends, I could have friends in the U. S. But I've never actually lived in Washington up until now. And so like here I am like I know a couple of people but that's about it. It's ridiculous. Like my best
friend is
like a gay guy from Nepal who I met in Berlin. And it's just like what the fuck Like.
it's like it's so it's so easy to like guys can do it. You know you're just like oh but he's a guy like it's so doable if you have my number, you have my number. If you ever like, hey let's chat, let's I want advice like I'm your girl, you just text me and uh
I'm 28.
Yes, I can see you again. How
old are you? You look
like you're 18 by the way?
Ha ha.
Well, happy
birthday
I
20. No.
I know. Well, but what I found is like I didn't do anything until I was like 20 for like I was so quiet and shy and like I lived in my little bubble and I was happy and now it's like I look I look back at photos now, I look so much older back then than I do now. I like seriously look younger now than I did back then because back
then people thought I would like was late twenties and they'd be like, you know, if they ever guessed and be like late twenties now is everyone guesses like 22 or 23 that was like there's several years of difference there. It's ridiculous. But
Yeah. Yeah, no it's cool but
it's interesting like how like, I don't know like confidence, I think it's like confidence and happiness that I've gotten from like living a lot of being like so empowered to like, I can do this like, you know when nobody else is there to fight for you, like as far as like Visa or like, you know, you have to figure this shit out. It's like another language in another country. It's like you gain so much like power is so cool. Yeah.
Well no it's like it well in Germany it was a lot harder because like you have to do appointments and stuff and you have to go in bring
out
your information, but you actually set up bank accounts and like get a residence and all this kind of shit. And then Prague was easier because I was already in europe and like it was easier because I've been through it before and everything, but
if you know what you're doing it can be fairly easy. But there's like, it depends on what Visa, if you're getting like a job Visa, it's way, way, way, way harder than like a student Visa because you have to prove how much you're making, you have to get letters, all this kind of crap. But yeah, so it's not fun, it's not fun at all.
But you
do you are you going to school right now? Are you just like working?
Oh that's so cool.
What
is he? Wait, is this like a university or is it like a great uh what a tech school, like what do you call it?
On.
Which
is ridiculous.
Oh, I bet. Oh my God. Like, wait, so are you fluent in sign language? Are you learning
now?
That's so fucking
cool. Like excuse my language, but that's so cool. I love languages, but I can't imagine like sign language like that. So like cool.
Home
Mostly
have to.
That's so wait, do you have like deaf people in your life or you just like this is
just something
completely from nowhere?
You
will?
I completely get it. Yeah, I'm
not.
my
God, that's well, Well I think
like
well obviously, yeah, but like that, but that's just like I've never messed with, it was like, I didn't know you could like study for that at a school. Like what? Well
yeah, is it a major to like you are an interpreter is a major in sign language and then you're going to do an interpreting thing
this is our
many of this,
this
is like mhm huh
Uh Yeah well because I I completely understand because like I mean I've learned german and now I'm learning Turkish on my own but you feel like an idiot you can't even like understand basic just like
but
it's like I've
I
here yeah but like I feel like you're getting a cool do view into like a different culture within a culture, you know it's like because it's I mean of course there's things like you know like black culture like asian culture within our culture, you know the american culture but you know those people can still like easily communicate you know, you know color to color.
But like deaf people are a little, I would imagine a little bit isolated in away from like everything else because they can't interact in the same way. So you're seeing something that's like even more like removed and I think that's I love cultures and languages so I think that's fucking awesome.
that's interesting. Oh my gosh
well but that's not something I think you would learn about in like you know diving into that community a little bit more so like why
it's like that? How did better deal with that?
No.
I've heard of this.
whoa.
I've also but I've also heard like
I saw a documentary about like a family where their kids they were they were all death, but then the parents have a decision to make for the Children to put in the cochlear implants and they were like, they chose not to because they were like, no, they're one of us. And I'm
like,
interesting
grandma.
What?
What?
But
on,
well we, well, I
feel like this
I know right? Like I'm actually, I've never like thought much about this, but this is like really fascinating. It's like I can see it on the outside and be like, well, what's wrong with, you know? But it's like unless you're in that community, you know, it's like, well, I mean it's the same thing that goes on with like,
you know, all the other things. Like, you know, a lot of people are like, oh, like there's no racism problems. It's like but you're not the one on the other side of it, You can't understand it unless you've been in those shoes, you know? So it's like it's not your place to tell somebody, you know how to feel about a certain thing. So it's like I'm curious now hearing this from the outside of like on the outside, I'm like why not use sign language? Why not? Do you know like cochlear implant? But it's like I'm not touched by that. It's not my place to be like wow, like this is how it should be. It's like oh
pesos.
I
I understand
what,
okay, I understand that. It's just like wow, I feel like there's so many like deep dives here you can do into like psychology and like sociology and like all this kind of stuff. So it's actually
really interesting. Yeah. Whoa well thank you for sharing that. That's super cool.
Well you're going to get much better than me because you know like well as you learn like well maybe it's a little different so it's not a complete other languages. Still speaking the english structure and everything. But
it is.
What?
I had
no do.
If
what?
Oh my God. Wait hold on. Do that again, Will.
Doesn't matter which hand you're using.
Okay. Well I didn't
know if there was like if it meant it was this hand, it meant one thing which is this hand? It meant the other like
another thing.
I have one. I won't keep you going forever. Like I just have one question. How
is
it different from british? Uh Because there's american sign language, right, is that it's complete own thing? Can you understand like british,
silent
that's fucking fancy baby.
What?
Wait,
could you,
What?
Oh I bet like if it's, if british and american english are different completely, like I imagine every language has its own, but like, wow, I'm sorry, I'm just like processing, like this
is so interesting
to me. Yeah.
Wait
I
think,
well I think, oh no, no, like I'm like seriously, like my new, I've been, you know, you go through phases of like interests and stuff, but like my current quarantine hobby and I've always enjoyed, like languages like german is cool but like they all speak perfect english, but now I'm like learning Turkish, I'm like, I'm very beginner, but like you can communicate with people who don't speak english as well, you know, or don't speak any english. And I find it so interesting now that like you compare like different kinds of languages to like others and so like that's kind of like my interest anyway. And so it's really
interesting
because
I never like it never really clicked with me about like I've never thought much about like sign language and like hearing about like your interpretation is like wow these are questions I never even thought to wonder before.
Yeah. Oh yeah of course. Yeah.
You're probably too advanced at this point for just do a lingo. But
like
when did you start learning this last fall?
Like
a year ago?
wow.
Great.
Right. But still like you had a base you had a basic understanding because like at least you understand basic concepts where I didn't even realize like E. S. L. Was different than like A. S. O. Is that the right to say it? Uh
Well you should definitely keep up with it. I feel like I feel like you'd be really good at because your face is so animated and stuff
like
you sure. Like if you like it of course not. If you're like, oh God, like if you're like constantly like this isn't fun anymore. Obviously not. But like
you
don't have
to take
Of course.
He's like, no, I totally get it. But then like as you make those breakthroughs, like you're just like, like you can understand so much more suddenly and you're just like wow this is so fun. Like
you can do it
what? Yeah,
you can do it.
You can do it. There's
so much time on
your hands right now, Right?
Thank you. But
I'm glad you're a good partner to start with. Thank you.
Wait,
I
don't
know.
I'm
like, it might be.
Thank
you. You too. That's
Well, I'll let you go down. Yeah.
Yeah. Nice meeting you. If you ever need anything, you have you ever questions? Just shoot me a text?
Thank
you. And how good night? Yeah.
Yes, we'll do that.