I'm ordinarily
my gosh,
this is my
fourth
time. I only had one person not
You talk about anything that you want, like it doesn't really matter because I've become
yeah, it's crazy because it actually pays you every single time.
I'm
not here
are so
evil
dan.
That's crazy. I don't know. It's like, oh no, I'm good. I don't want money like what?
my gosh, I'm sorry,
I'm
muting this. Um
Well
yeah, that was my weight. I was I was gonna say something for my brains like oh
you're the first girl, like you're the first woman that I've gotten. It's all been moved. Men like or like older
men were middle aged men or like yeah, it's never
been a girl go interesting,
No,
it's
family
quick. See
60
years
normal.
I'm from pennsylvania.
I
I
live,
you know
what?
you
can
talk about.
Yeah, it's okay. I don't mind. Yeah, but I'm from but you know what really is
well I
wouldn't
need breaking now. Where do you live?
Why
what's the story? Yeah.
No.
What
for?
I have never met anyone from a lab in my life.
I
want
one
thing. Yeah. I love how you move from there and then you go somewhere else. I've never been like wow and then decide to live with her. Like why? What made you want to do that?
You can look like yourself?
you know this one needs to just pick up and leave.
What?
I wouldn't
want to get
What?
yeah. What the fuck are everything here? Like
I want to travel so bad but then I'm like
I'm scared like I I put my family a lot like you normally like go on road trips and everything obviously good. So this summer. No but um it'll be like during the summer we'll do something and then like every couple of years will do like um okay cruise or something or we'll go to like the country you know? But
well
I don't know what was going on. I don't know how much money they were thinking when they were able to do that. But it was like we missed the plane or something, we missed the doctor for one of the cruises. And my mom's like let's just fly to the other port. I'm like why? My school
was like yeah not just like an extra $5,000. And I was like how do you want us there?
What
it's like to me?
jay.
What?
Uh And you did you get a job there and give you a Visa? Like how did you do this? For what?
I understand.
I don't understand. But I can imagine.
Oh, okay. You know how you go on vacations, but you're young and you don't, not that you don't care, it's just, you don't know, like
you
don't
have,
it's like, I appreciate it. But I didn't use my phone so I never took picture at that time.
Well,
it was good because I was absorbing every proof at the same time memory. Like my parents, I have fun with stuff like I went to a turtle farm and like, um,
just turtles are just walking everywhere. You pick
them up.
Um, Cayman island by the league. It
was
good.
I figured Bahamas, yes.
In
places like Jamaica Bahamas. Um,
our
cannon.
Yeah. I never did what you did that we need to like to walk experiences. We need to do. Well, my parents, um, they went to Dubai. Um, They went to Aruba the year before though. But yeah,
it's
like I want
to do these things.
Look.
hello.
like I want to do um, swimming with dolphins, right? I want to travel, right? I didn't have like, not that my friends aren't adventurous, but it's not like, hey, let's go here this weekend. It's like we should
plan
for
two months, a few months. I want to get out,
But it's
already
strapped.
When
can you be my friend please? When
can we
will
save?
No.
Quarantine will be like
what
prompted? I was to get off the country in the beginning, when the ticket put, the airline tickets were like tanks. Uh, it wasn't belonging for travel, but I Oh,
who?
Yes. Wait, okay. I need you. All right. So I like things online. A tv surveys like, so things I thrift I love for things like so
much.
Yeah. Oh my goodness. I just put it so good about it. Like I have second I'm going to the mall and spending anything full of praise. I'm like
no I don't find this in like a year and I'll be happy because I'm saving them from the loan so I'm saving money and if I don't want any more I could just sell it. Oh my God
You
can buy like 20 things for the price of one shirt. Like where is that? Okay? Yeah.
Okay so I thrift. Yeah I sell them online. Um Like for a craft, that's what I do.
What's my full time job?
But I don't make
my money.
I
it takes an insane
amount of my time. But
like if I was using the same hours I wouldn't I would be making a lot more somewhere else. But it's just because I'm not like set up yet. You know, some people are making thousands of dollars a week doing it, but I'm still trying to like people are making, some people are making like $10,000 a month as if that was like
a goal they were trying to hit and I'm like, what were your sports and your items and what really happened? Are you directing ass? Oh,
you know, you have that skill, if you have
like the Ebay app, there's a barcode or um you can type it in on Ebay and then it'll pop up and then
it's yeah, like the prices, like if I scan, let me find a barcode. Hold on.
Wait, you want
to buy like put off the mark
because I don't buy new things.
Okay, hold on, hold on, I'm getting it up.
Wait,
I'm ready.
Hold on.
well it's not working but you're being so well.
Let me see
if my
no no, no it's not working because I'm gonna try my go to court.
You got to do it.
hey.
mm.
I don't
know what's going on. Wait, that's 72 pac that's pretty good
for $30. Don't make me spend money. But you see what,
you see how it
was and you just Mhm.
And
we're
general
nothing.
Whoever.
No,
it wouldn't.
All of the other ones, it's like safe to get this many points. And then you're like, I spent a month that I made a dollar, like I don't
do this. And then it's like, Oh you can only cash for about 10. It's like what if there's another seven
months
of my heart? Oh
Wait, did you ever, you ever, Did you cash out four times?
Well
then
you don't
have to wait to cash out days. Like when if you cash
out
after you cash out four times, it's instant like you can press cash out.
No. Yeah, you can just, if
you have the five, if you have the £5,, you just press cash, go to your paper that we
need
Shouldn't
be
allowed
to do five, It's £5,, but it's just we'll have to wait for Tuesday or Friday Or to clear 30.
And
No,
no, no,
like he goes there immediately. Like
you can
press cash out. Yeah. It's amazing. Did you tell user class thing?
Oh you literally make okay. It's hard because I don't check it as much as I took prolific just because they take a little bit longer. Like my computer just glitches out and I just won't do it. But Um it's $10 per survey and then they just send it right to pay for um to
yeah, $10. And you just like talk out loud and answer their questions. So simple.
But
so
as long
as
you just, you speak out loud, like I watched a little video on Youtube of like, oh like what I did to pass the test, all you do is say I would expect to, I I would expect to do this. I would expect to do that like as if it's an actual website and then I got it. It's so simple. You like.
Okay, so I have a friend and we're both like, we both like um do the same thing after I'm, there's this Reddit account that we both find it on. It's just like
money.
Everyone
knows that some like it will talk to the money or they know beer money. Yeah.
Where
it's
There's
so much
to
go around,
do
you know?
Hard.
We
were
worried.
your sound is coming you and then I'm unique and then I'm you
I can't hear you If you me.
god, don't
you? Okay, I can hear you.
I will. I can hear you know
when you
it's
pretty
my friends.
Right, okay. This is why our were the same
or about the same demographics elsewhere though And it's like I'll get some for black people and then she'll get the ones that
are not like did you just want to do like no.
Well
wait
how does that work? How does that work?
Wait, moving over my pictures right there. Okay. Different races.
What what what do you mean? How much of a month are you?
Well
what
are you less than human if you are one of these?
I'm
like,
You know this let me
smack.
Yeah, it's cream.
I'm
so,
I think that you actually took a picture and then was able to use the picture today
and
Uh huh.
Look,
I love it. It's
the Crystal shop crystal top down the street from my house. So I was like, I'm gonna go there and I I found there and then I thought drifted these two plates like these uh
sunflower. Hold on. It's Sunflower this is
yeah. Oh mm no,
sometimes the time just drags on a little bit too much of people and I'm like, oh my gosh, like we were talking about like, I don't know
Like
there's this white guy, right? And he may have been like in his he may have been like 27, that's what I give him. We don't know each other's names. We have to tell each other each other's names in a second. Yeah. Well we can if you don't want to, that's okay. Yeah,
I'm a lot nice to meet you, Whitney.
Mhm. But he he was like um um like high um he was a history teacher and then he's like, I also teach african american studies and you could tell that he was looking for my facial expression because um he was like, like
really? He was, you can't hear me
please.
What
What the heck? I
didn't
do
anything.
Yeah, I can see you.
what's up? I don't want
to
press brush because I don't want it to go away.
You can't be explained. Don't do that. Oh
my God. Wait, I can try to go out like, oh, I'm scared.
Can I give you like my number or something? Just in case we're disconnected because we hit the 25 marks. So if we like if we end, it's not going to be like awesome.
Alright. My name am I. K. AI L. A. And then 267 67 up. 3310.
So do you know people from europe? What do you have a
group? Yeah.
I don't
care. What's your
job.
No, no. With
the number.
Yeah. I've heard about work away though.
I'm not.
I got it. Uh huh.
Mean
that
actually I want to live like this. Like you're my inspiration. I hope you know that.
Yeah. And what like how old are you?
28. I would have to keep seeing me again.
I'm
inc
No I'm I'm 19. Sorry I forgot. What? No, no you forgot because my birthday just
why not?
I
never like thank you. I thought
you were like
no, I mean I thought you were 18 and then I was like that's impossible because she can't have this much stuff in my time.
Normal.
Yeah, that's part of a lot.
It is
sounds awesome. Did you have to like go to court for the Visa? What you do? Is it all online?
How
much
purpose?
It sounds like fun. I'm like I can't be a week.
Israel
I go to school but it's like summer still right now. So I back up in september I'm going to our language interpreting,
I
don't want
right now into the community college, um I want to be part therapist, but I would have to
go all the way across the country or I would have to pay like crazy stupid high tuition to go to fill to pennsylvania. So I'm
like,
yeah, it's like, I don't what as it is, so I'm like, well I don't really want to be in debt right now and it's just like better go for something that I can apply to, anything, you know? So um I mean, it's kind of hard because it's hard, but at the same time it's rewarding, you know?
No,
not yet. I'm still learning
month.
Yeah. I mean, I've always been like active with my hands, like I'm an artist and then like I um like I just always have done things with my hands, so it just made sense, you know?
And um my teachers are actually deaf, so I learned
directly.
Mhm. Yeah. Well, no, no, not all of my teachers, just like my ex I language teachers are death. It's just, I didn't, I wasn't expecting that when I first went there because um I didn't know that this was gonna be my major, I wanted to take a ceramics class and it got dropped because of low enrollment, so then I had to switch it over to something else, and I was like, oh, I'll fix that language, and they were like, okay, the class starts tomorrow, and I was like, okay, sure,
you
know,
I don't have dead people in my life, but it's like,
I
know that it will make a lot of money, and at the same time it's like, especially now, like anything, it'll be great to be able to communicate with someone in a different language you know? And
being
able to home like right now interpreters um well they were like a few months ago interpreters were making $300 an hour um to do like to interpret at courts just because it was like we need the information out there and they're so like the news is constantly on that they needed more people. So
with
it's
not going to feel like that forever. I hope I hope it's like that forever but I hope that it's not because of a pandemic.
can there were schools around me that offer it surprisingly it's crazy like as majors
right? It's um interpreting is not the same thing as just learning sign language though. Like there's death studies we can like absorb sign language, learn about the culture. Like I don't just take my language class. Have to take finger spelling class and learn how to finger spell fast. I have to take a death culture class. I have to take a linguistics. Like it's like
different
yeah with the grammars and I
feel it
like a baby because it's like when you're young, you know how you learn like the alphabet, the, it's like I'm starting over because it's a new language.
And you
know it,
what
the hell did you say to me?
No.
Well you'd be surprised how many people how many deaf people there actually is. Like my friends, like she texted me today the one that I was telling you about like the surveys and stuff. She's like, hey, I'm in the doctor's office and there's two people signing here like doing side language and I thought about you and I'm like, cool, like, or I went to the nail salon, like a few, I don't go to Nashville and often I'm like, I have nobody to help. I am. I went a few months ago and um, this woman was so mad, but she couldn't express her point. It was before I like was better at style language and I'm like, I can help you. But she was upset and some of them, some of them don't like help. Like they like their independence. So you want to make sure you ask, you want me to help you because it's like they don't want to be babied. You know, it's like they're human and it's like, I need, it's frustrating because she's like, I don't like it, I can see her going, I don't like it. I don't like it. I'm like, okay, but she wasn't talking and the friend that she was with was deaf too, and they weren't like, we can't use pen and paper because your hands are wet and I'm like, this is frustrating for me to watch when I know I can't help, but they didn't want me to help. Mhm.
No.
room
I worked at a at a jewelry, like you've run into dead people so much more often. Um like a jewelry, like she worked, she was a jeweler, she worked at like a jewelry store and that person came up and she needed to do a return and then she was like, she was saying she was deaf but like mouthing and she's like, oh, I know sign language, hi, how are you? And she was like, you know, like
she did not want her to use styling, right? Doesn't, but it's important people grow up in hearing families and um when their families are hearing, they force them to do as much hearing like things instead of converting themselves to sign language. So they feel we identify more with the hearing community and they have like a hatred towards the deaf community because they were never grown up in it. So it's like Yeah.
Yeah, it's like they
they wish, they say we wish that they could like come into it later, but like it's um like when you're you feel ashamed of something, so you feel like hatred towards it just because like, oh I wish I wasn't like this, you know?
Or
they
that most of people are against a cochlear implant because um well once it's there, you can't get it removed. So if you, if you make that choice as a baby for someone, they never get to get and they're they're hearing is never perfect. So they're just always static instead of hearing nothing. So it's like when we feel like nothing's wrong with us, so why are you changing us like that? People usually don't feel like anything's wrong with them to be changed
uh foundation um he made the telephone alexander, I think it's alexander but he he
made the top Yes mm he's terrible for the deaf community because he forces them um forces people in schools to not use sign language. Um there's like threats for you if you lose that language. Like there was this um like there was
a whole revolution kind of thing like with the deaf community because the president at this holdup school with hearing and like they just, it was like they were trying to convert all the hearing people, you cannot use some you cannot use on and like at this one place it's called um Gallaudet University. They um it's a completely that school and not supposed to be using sign at this death school. They were supposed to be using hearing like the I'm not hearing um
we speak people and liberating speaking a little it's like why would
I do that for like they would get, they would get hit at different at these different schools, hit with a ruler
if they um using their hands they weren't allowed
Not accepted
because everyone to be like them like they want everyone like there's enough space in the world for everyone. The heck
on.
it's a major like I you know how like they're making like improvements to deaf people like their helping these kids be hearing and stuff that's not seen as an accomplishment like in the deaf community right?
This is a culture. Like say it's just like that's their identity and you're making it invalid by making it so that there's less deaf people to come into their culture. Like it's like I'm not genocide, but it's like you're stopping
the recreation of
that
people.
No.
thank you for everything that you share. Like I definitely want to learn. Like, you know, a whole different language fluently and I'm like, whoa, America.
It's a different grammar, like the grammar,
like we speak, like we say, um my pillow was over there. They say my pillow. No, no, it's like it's awkward.
It's not, it's not, it's not the same thing, you know?
And
students like it's not people think it's gestures like, oh this means this, this means that it's not gestures, everything completely different. Just some things remind you like, like a can of coke, they're signing, you would think that's a needle, but it's not
or like Abraham Lincoln is the worst sign ever. It's A
and L. Like he got shot in the head. It's funny. Hold on, I'm pretty big.
do it again. And he was like a when I was like, okay,
uh well, okay, so if your dominant hand, some of them are two times like this is sunday, we're fine. Like that's two hands, but you can't um okay, you can't do that. Like you, you put a prominent hands, you know,
or
no,
but sometimes just for similar, like it's just some of them look extremely like identical if you're not looking at the context of the sentence, you know? Uh huh. And like that people don't like people with disabilities, surprisingly I was, I have a whole debate, not debate, but like I would, this would always make me mad about the deaf community because I'm like technically they don't see themselves as disable and they feel like any association with them, it's like considering them together and I'm like, but you can you can not differentiate. I did that
go
on.
No
language, like there's a lot of different ones, there's british sign language, there's E. S. L. Exact signed english, that's not a language. And then there's um like pidgin sign language, it's not a language like it's like some of them are not languages where some people will say um okay t I like right, that's sign language. And then I like tea, that's exact signed english. That is not a language that's
All of the words like I can like some people like on Youtube like they'll sign whole songs, right? And then some of them you can tell that they're signing it. Like it's really hard to interpret because you have to hear it and then like do it as you're doing it or so not the same as just knowing, you know, it's like you have to know and understand how to convert it. So
like it's different, but I don't know, british language because that's a different language, you know? And it's
like
yes Swedish. I believe there's a bunch of different ones. Even spanish.
Is there my language in spanish?
No,
it's okay.
You talked
me because sometimes I like question what I want to do with myself. I'm like, I don't know if this is what I want to do. Like, you know, like I just, because I still want to do the art therapy thing, but I know it's gonna take so much of my life, like it's gonna take so much time. I'm going to be in school for so long and I'm like, do I want it that bad? And then it's like job security, you know, with this people are always going to be deaf and there's always going to be things that technology can't catch up with. Like, you know, I'm going to be that and it's just like, so it helps me to talk about it occasionally and like people's interest rubs back off on me and I'm like, okay, I should practice so
thank
you.
No,
I'm
not whole.
Well, I didn't, I haven't used the app dual lingo, but I know that like, did you ever hear that
you have a sigh language pushing on there? I haven't. Who's it? But they do have that.
You
never
Yeah, Most far not this not last like
I
Yeah, a year ago. Yeah. Uh huh.
A little maybe a little bit over because in high school I was taking I was going to high school and then at 10 23 am we could leave if we had a college class schedule. So I was like I'm definitely going to college classes that I can leave and just take that one class and you've gone after day and I took one then the next semester I took A. F. L. Two. Then I took when I was actually in college, that's when I started taking depth studies, finger spelling like that. So it's like it's different because it's more consistent like I'm constantly learning instead of it being one
portion, you know?
I didn't know that even before I took that class so it's like it's just the one class,
thank
you so much, you're so sweet.
You
know
like
it's just like okay if you don't have to play a video game of course you're not gonna like it as much until you know how to play. You know? It's like
I'm still learning the mechanics and everything behind it, but once I'm fluid, I'm gonna love doing it. It's just like the learning is tedious.
Yeah. Thank you. Hope it's because we're starting back up and I'm like here we go.
to like normally only take one type of like my major class, like major specific and then I take other like um prerequisites and that I need and I'm like this this one's gonna be a hard one because I'm taking like the grammar class and um A. S. L. Three and it's like both them together is going to be
It's
Thanks.
Thank you.
I
believe in you like everything that you were getting back to europe. You'll get there. Mhm.
You,
Yeah. And I wish you so many more like study because six of them, like that's a lot for
people to not
show
up.
Let's
get
look.
So
All right.
You know,
You know, and let me know if you have any sizable depressions or anything else to We don't. Hi,
bye.
Right now for user testing.