SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yes, we just start
SPEAKER_L: Why?
SPEAKER_R: um I've never done anything like this before, have you? I mean like casual loose conversations.
SPEAKER_L: Um I've only done it once before, so well, my name is Murray.
SPEAKER_R: okay, I'm
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: Krista. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: What's
SPEAKER_L: from
SPEAKER_R: your?
SPEAKER_L: Arkansas.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so are you in Central? Kind of a mountain? Okay, so I'm in east, I'm Krista and I'm in Eastern time zone, so it's nine o'clock here and um what's the weather like? This was the other way?
SPEAKER_L: I don't think it's pretty nice. Um It started to cool down a little bit,
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: I'm not feeling is hot.
SPEAKER_R: it's been more kind of warm there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but now it's cooler.
SPEAKER_R: Do you like a warm?
SPEAKER_L: How am I like cooler weather?
SPEAKER_R: a lot of people do um I've haven't been awake all that long, so I probably look kind of uh um it got it's been nice for a few days, like seventies, upper seventies, which is a little warmer for us in Virginia this time of year, but gets back and forth. And this morning I knew I was going to wake up to clouds and rain and it went from, I actually read this on the news page, I knew it was going to get cold and it was just like 57 last night was just totally normal, he didn't get to 57 till 87 this morning, it dropped 13 degrees in one hour. Um So I would have probably gone out an hour before and been like, wow, they got it wrong, but I would just say in running my mouth and I'm a talker, which is good for these things, but you need to talk to, I cannot stay in cold weather, this isn't cold, but I don't like cold, I like warm to hot. I bet in Arkansas I guess you see kind of the whole the whole range of things
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: we got the whole baskets.
SPEAKER_R: so I guess we can ask, you don't have to answer, but just get a feel personal questions. How how old is your definitely young?
SPEAKER_L: I'm 18 so
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna
SPEAKER_L: make
SPEAKER_R: say probably
SPEAKER_L: all of
SPEAKER_R: a teenager, but I forgive you wouldn't be a kid because they probably wouldn't let you do it. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm
SPEAKER_R: I'm old, I'm 47 but it's not old, it's just you
SPEAKER_L: Pan
SPEAKER_R: know, much older. It's interesting how they come up just kind of makes me wonder when they were putting people together. They obviously want to make sure time zones, you know, were available, but they obviously put people together for whatever their reasons are, we never know. It might be they want someone who's a talker or not talker but that wouldn't work very well. Um Okay, well I mean you can if you've got any ideas, I don't know if you've been thinking like what are we gonna talk about? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I guess um why do you prefer hot weather?
SPEAKER_R: Um I think it's sort of psychological, I mean physically it doesn't bother me. Like some people they hate extremes
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: and the older they get the head extremes, I don't think I'll be that old lady in the nursing home who's going, you know, I'm too hot, I'm going to like it. I wouldn't say I'm cold nature though. Um I think it is psychological um because sometimes we're always happy times as a kid, at least for me, most people probably you're out of school, but those were kind of my happiest times, Things were kind of rough other times of the year. Um So I think that's really why, because even before I had my daughter, I have a 16 year old before I had her when forward hit and school would get back in session, it didn't affect me. But mentally, it was like uh and you like cooler weather just because you know, why do they want to be, what do you want a hot all the time?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I guess because I can do more stuff about feeling too cold, but when you're too hot like you can't do as much about it
SPEAKER_R: That makes sense. You know, I hear that a lot. I feel like you can't take off any more clothes if you're hot.
SPEAKER_L: Graham.
SPEAKER_R: I'm like, but I can't put on enough clothes if my house, my house is called turn the heat up. But outside I like I don't like coats. I mean I like coats, but I don't like it to be so cold that I need to be bottled up. And I guess maybe you guys see cold. I don't know if you would I do you guys see super cold like below zeros wind chills?
SPEAKER_L: No, not low zero's probably like thirties and like in the mornings, you know, of course it's lower but you know.
SPEAKER_R: That's what it sounds like. You're not Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, the only thing I don't like about the cold is um like in
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: the mornings when I would go to school I'd have like ice and stuff on like the front of my car and then you have to like you know wait for it to fall before you can drive so annoy.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. And some days you don't always know when to expect that. I mean, you know, okay, it's probably freezing. But if there's no humidity, you don't have to worry about that. But some days you go out and you know crap. I need 10 more minutes to heat the car for scrap it or I don't know if you've got cars. Some people have the cars that will, you know, kind of do it all on their own. But yeah, I hate that too. I sound like cool. But again, wintertime was always as a kid, it just seemed more, I mean dead of winter, you can't do it. So like they play in the snow and the bad part for kids here is at least my part of Virginia gets no, but it's not like an all the time. Oh, you can expect it. So I guess you guys probably get enough mean.
SPEAKER_L: don't get we don't get snow every year. It depends
SPEAKER_R: Mm So this
SPEAKER_L: her.
SPEAKER_R: actually sounds like, I mean I always think of our kids will be so far
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: away that it might be either cold
SPEAKER_L: if.
SPEAKER_R: or I know you're not north that I always think of that, but sounds like you guys are very close to what we are. You know we get some years we don't get any snow and a couple of times we get a few dumplings and then nothing and sometimes you get like three inches and then another three sometime and schools closed you know as soon as someone sees a flake because they freak out. Is that like you guys uh I'd hate to live in new york state. No it's only two ft y'all going to school. Yes
SPEAKER_L: It sounds very cold Missouri when I was
SPEAKER_R: you want.
SPEAKER_L: younger we lived in Rhode Island and we'd get like a ton of snow. I'm like I mean I think there there was at least a few times where we couldn't go because there's enough snow. Is that it was there's a lot of us now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know how they do it. I know they have plows and things like that, we have ploughs here but they don't invest a lot of money in it because they don't need it and you know I know what deep snows like when I was four I was still living in Ohio and I got plenty of snow and when you're four and you get a lot of snow, you can't play in it because it's it's actually too tall. That's no fun. So maybe that's another reason I don't like it one good snow in here, you know, because I got to have that
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: christmas
SPEAKER_L: Good man.
SPEAKER_R: cold. Yeah, something to make at least a snowman or something. And so do you have any siblings? I heard of dogs? I know you have a dog.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I have two younger siblings, I'm the oldest.
SPEAKER_R: So are they doing virtual school in school? And what are you doing in college or senior?
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm
SPEAKER_R: I can't.
SPEAKER_L: in college, so my class is there, I have two classes that can be in person, but so far, but lately they've been online but I'm supposed to go back in next week for one of them and then my sister is, one of them was voluntarily doing online, the other one she wanted to be in person, it's
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: kind of a whole mix of stuff.
SPEAKER_R: good that they have choice because I know some depending on where you are, even just in the same state, they say no, everybody's all virtual until we figure out something and then others they're not, nobody is forced to actually
SPEAKER_L: Where?
SPEAKER_R: go in. But like they're like, okay, you're all or nothing. You're either five days a week or whatever. And so yeah, my daughter is a junior and I'm sure we have a choice. But then somewhere in five days I can understand when things change with the information they get. It's like late july or something like, okay, we have the hybrid two days, two days in school for half of the school. Whoever wants to come in three days of virtual. Okay. And everybody else is the virtual. Okay. Five days later. Not like a couple weeks later when something changed, I said no, no, no, no. Everybody's home for tool and I'm like, thanks. So she was bombed. I was bombed. But now we're so used to it that we're going to be like, that sucks to go back for a, going back and forth to go two days a week. You're like, get up at six a.m. Get up at eight AM. That's just how it is. Uh So you
SPEAKER_L: When they
SPEAKER_R: dog? No,
SPEAKER_L: we have a dog.
SPEAKER_R: no, no, I'm just jumping around. I'm
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: one of those people I hate, I hate empty, empty air space and I need to learn to not. But anyway, keep talking please.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, when they first started shutting everything down, I really miss seeing my friends so I'm glad that at least now we can start thinking about seeing people again.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's good. So did you just graduate last year from high school? Oh gosh. So you're one of the ones that totally missed out or at least mostly, I don't know, maybe Arkansas was able to do more, but gosh, I would, I know a couple of seniors last year and I just can't imagine how much that stuff, I mean there's worse things in life, but in terms of a milestone, it doesn't matter what a grade level you're at, whether you're looking forward to in any other grade level. That, that's like, it's like missing your wedding. You know, of course you can postpone that graduation, You're like, I'm over it three months later, sure I can have a graduation. I don't care, done. I'm in college. Gosh, then,
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: so I guess you guys were pretty much the standard stay home for cool
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: schools
SPEAKER_L: got to
SPEAKER_R: closed.
SPEAKER_L: do a drive through graduation actually, so it was kind of kind of nice really, it was better than we thought it would be. Uh Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: we feel like Miss Prom and like we had like a lot of flexible projects and stuff that we were excited for that we didn't get to do. That was too bad.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Gosh, I didn't even think about those things because, you know, my daughter wasn't quite to that age, but she wasn't at a young enough age that it didn't matter to her. And yeah, the friend, the social thing, I'm not even a social person because I, I guess I'm technically the truth and still stay at home mom and she doesn't need me, but it is nice to have you here. I volunteer a lot, can't do that in the schools like I was doing and so I don't socialize and even if I could, I'm not big on that. And I felt like almost like as soon as they tell you, you can't like a child, soon to tell you can't do something you like. But I at least
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: want to know that I can and I hated that. I'm even my neighbors. They were like, okay, I'll wave at you across the yard of the fence. I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: okay, don't be quite that ridiculous. You can't blow around the germs. But they, I guess they have to set a boundary for something because if you say six ft and someone says, well I can push it to seven right now. Like, no, we mean six ft. So, but now I think everybody is getting, I'm tired of it. Even if they don't be tired because they disagree with it. They also just being tired of it. I just can't imagine. I'm does it bother you again? You can share if you don't want to just get the pulse of how people of different ages. Are you afraid? Like you have family members that are high risk
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: or have you had
SPEAKER_L: I don't personally have anyone that I know that's high risk, I have a couple of friends who haven't been able to like do as much because they have people who are
SPEAKER_R: what is it?
SPEAKER_L: very high risk. But like me personally, I don't know anyone like who is my immediate family.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So that takes some of the I guess fear out of it. You know? Of course, I guess kids your age, they say kids, sorry, apologize people your age are probably interest in general, not because you're ignorant. You're actually not in some ways you're better minded than some of us, older people, but you're not as walking around as I say, afraid, like it's going to get me left and right. Which is kind of what I don't like about it, is that in my age group because honestly people by my age are actually kind of like kind of middle of the ground, Middle ground, I mean, but not not, I find more more often if they're not already in my circle of friends, they tend to be more gloom and doom. It's going to get you. I'm like, you can't live like that. It's not that, it's not quite that bad, but please, okay,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: you can live like that, but don't make me look like that because I'm not afraid. I'm not gonna breathe on you, I'm not gonna get in. You're five ft or 5.5 ft, I promise, but please at least allow me to do whatever. And I'm not even saying, hey, I want to go to the amusement park, although I don't know about their, if you've got some people ones there at all or not, but ours decided not to open at all. Kings Dominion. Busch gardens, they could have, but they were so restrictive and it started like july before they could that they said let's not open. And I thought it was a little ridiculous that the governor was like, no, we're going to make you have just as few people as the inside entertainment venues. So people who wanted to go gamble at the few casinos we've got in the state, they could have like 1000 people in the whole building, which to me seems crammed, but I don't know. But oh, amusement park is 80 acres, 1000 people mike. That's just stupid. But they, it's not that I wanted to go there, but I just, the idea of doing that. So, um, but the big thing for people your age or any age for you guys is I'm probably about to see my friends at all. Even if they had low risk people at first, no one with a lot of, you know, I guess you were one of the States. You don't go any you're not allowed to go anywhere at first.
SPEAKER_L: Arkansas was always more relaxed on on this stuff. Yeah. But uh yeah we have silver dollar I guess it's like a silver dollar city's in Arkansas but
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: like that's the closest one and that one is is open and so that's kind of that's nice I guess if you wanted to
SPEAKER_R: Neither.
SPEAKER_L: go
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Not my cup of tea and I don't even like amusement parks anymore. So again, no skin off my nose. But the fact
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: mean.
SPEAKER_R: uh oh gosh, that's something to keep my child from getting bored. Oh, that's right. The whole reason she's bored because, you know, do anything. But we weren't we were strict here, Virginia was strict. And in a few ways, I think we were even in the news for some of our restrictions, like the first state that did this, they're the one that did this the longest I'm going great because I definitely disagree with being that type. I wasn't thinking
SPEAKER_L: thank you
SPEAKER_R: it's no big deal, but I was very, very
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: unhappy. But then once
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: they started opening back up people who were like, no, no, Why in the world are they letting this this open? Little by little? I said guys, I said I'm the first person to say, I don't like my
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: governor as a I don't agree with him. I'm on almost anything. But I said he's been so strict if he thinks it's okay to open, I'm going to go with it. Yeah. And he's a doctor,
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: which doesn't mean
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: anything to me because I'm like, why aren't you doctor now? Why
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: are you are
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: you not
SPEAKER_L: open up.
SPEAKER_R: want anymore? But now that's getting political, which I guess it's okay to talk about. But that kind of even taking politics out of it. I don't care if you or whatever. I just didn't appreciate him being like, yes, we're going
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: to do this and we're not backing down.
SPEAKER_L: sure. Yeah. Oh do you have any pets? Yes.
SPEAKER_R: not a noisy one. Not that you don't just do you have a dog? Uh Currently just one cat. He's being lazy since it's raining. He's sleeping upstairs. He's indoors and outdoors, which I don't like these outdoors, but his previous owner got him used
SPEAKER_L: Got.
SPEAKER_R: to it and you can't break it. Uh He's always have right now. We had a 13 and after old bunny die in june,
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: very
SPEAKER_L: sorry.
SPEAKER_R: nice, very, very old for a rabbit. But he was my buddy too because he go around
SPEAKER_L: Help
SPEAKER_R: and hop around the living room with me. But that's all we have right now. And then my husband
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: who is like a pet subplots like an animal and my childhood and she's upstairs doing school because they start two days a week hybrid next week. Yeah, they'll be able to start next week. They were going to start their second marking period is the week after election day weeks or two weeks. And they were like, the good thing was, again, I was talking about how they looked at information. Once they got into the school year, they looked at information and cleaning protocols and they said, guess what guys. So a month ago we can start everybody two weeks earlier. Then we go, you're good. You're good. So, um, again, it's another change you got to get used to. And as I told her, you gotta get up early on one day and the other day, the other two days, two days split up. I was like, shoot, they should, do you want the monday Tuesday group, you know, back to back and then the other group, but they want to switch it up so you can't do that. But I'm
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: going to be feeling it. I'm going to be feeling about, she goes to a school and a district that's right near us because our school system huge. Probably finally learned. I didn't really like it along, but it got worse each grade level of school, maybe it's the school she went to worse and worse with kids discipline and the policies and we said, can't afford private school. I want to do what can we do? And we found out that the neighboring school system actually has a, they're small, but they have a reputation. I don't know how they're small. How do they have a good reputation where they take tuition kids from other districts is a small tuition modest. Any other district. Uh, as long as you don't have a failing grades and bad behavior and they'll take you and not academic reasons, you don't have to be a great scene and that's what they could do. And so for high school we started there, but it means, you know, there's a bus um it's a 40 minute drive one way which way across town to the other part of West End is about that far if we did. But this is it feels further away because it's a different town and we carpool. So we found other people that did it. But it means I also have to get up almost as early as she does on those days because if I carpool I think it up to otherwise I could play in the mental, physical. Uh huh. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: this is why I went to was a charter school so it's kind of like that we had like a bus system and it was it was smaller so we're able to do the drive through graduation.
SPEAKER_R: Greg.
SPEAKER_L: But it was it was pretty nice. We like dollar teachers, it was really
SPEAKER_R: What was your favorite subject in school when I guess that probably carried over to what you're doing now?
SPEAKER_L: Um I mean I really enjoyed history and literature. I'm a theater performance major. We didn't have like a theater class just because it was such a a small school, but Those were like my two favourite classes.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. So what do you do you have idea what you actually want to do with that or when you're studying
SPEAKER_L: I want to go
SPEAKER_R: before?
SPEAKER_L: into this, I want to go into acting, so.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I always thought that was fun when I did like a drama class
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: in high school and did a few small things. I was back then. I was definitely not outgoing and I was scared to do anything. But yet I wanted to, obviously I didn't have to take the class, but something in me was like torn thing. This would be fun to play somebody else or recite something. But I'm jealous because I just always got so scared that I just stiffened up and sounded like I was faking like acting like reading lines even when I wasn't so, so man, more power to people who can, you can sing and dance and play music. I can't do any of that. None of it. I'm a
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: book
SPEAKER_L: don't.
SPEAKER_R: nerd. I'm a, I'm a science nerd and I had a psychology because I'm a nerd. Science murder.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I was lucky because the teacher who started the theater club, she was one of my favorite teachers stands really close to her and I got a bunch of my friends to do it in our schools, small as any was small anyway. So like I was like I'm kind of shy but like knowing everyone really help make it really fun.
SPEAKER_R: Uh That's probably some of the advantages to a small school
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: too. It's even if something maybe not already there, like you didn't have that class already there, you can still have that outlet and you don't have to worry about maybe the scheduling issue where you're like, we have 100 kids who want to do this. How small was the school was it? High school grades only.
SPEAKER_L: Um no, it was K through 12. I don't remember the number of kids in the school but like my graduating class is like 20 something. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Small. Right. So you got me beat because I went to a small high school to it was it was still a public school in the city, which is near where I live, still live. But it was in that case it was kind of like, I don't know if they have them in other states, sort of like a governor school. He had to apply to get in and have good grades, but it was a very small when it was one of the earliest ones. Now. They have like a really big one that's actually in our old school building. That kind of kicked us out because we were so small. It said you need to find a new, that's how it felt. You need to find a new spot and then they came in. But we graduated with 33. So more than you would still most people are 400. If they're in a bigger town, bigger cities and their 400 I would die if I even went to a school that was
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: 400
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: kids in my grade. I would I would actually hate that. I don't care if the big campus. You wouldn't know anybody. You wouldn't see him twice.
SPEAKER_L: in our
SPEAKER_R: So. No.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: But.
SPEAKER_L: had, yeah, I had friends who like went to the public schools in our area and they were like the huge ones and I always talk about like all the classes they had like how big
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: their graduation and how long their graduation was supposed to be guys like, wow. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Rise. Yeah. The bigger the school, the reading all the names and stuff. Even though it's a joyous occasion for the for the kids and the parents if they're doing that, even if they don't have a whole lot of extra flesh to the ceremony, it's still a long ceremony. You know, it's in a big place. And so yeah. If your name starts with a Z. You wait for your name to be called or your mom or your dad, they're like, well we'll just come whenever we hit the w I mean I'm being silly but it's like it does
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: get tedious but you know, it's like a wedding that some people will go to or even Children go to. Like it's worth it. It's just a big time thing. But um we've got I guess the same. I don't know how many people graduating class. I want to say. It might have been it had been more than what you had because each grade level seem to have in the high school part of it. There was the middle and high school is kind of a joint building there. Um, and I think they say basically in each grade level, the high school is about 70 some kids. So you have both of them graduated this. I think that's a good size doesn't have to be, it's not so tiny that you feel like you don't, that if you don't like somebody to say, my my daughter was worried because she said, well, if there's only a certain number of kids in my grade level or in the classes I'm taking in whatever she says, she thought that she was like, well what if you know a lot of kitchen at school with in previous years were not specifically her friends with behavior issues. It's hard to pick and choose if you only had 10 people, let's say to be buddies with and you're like this person is always have to know this person is being this way and this person doesn't like me and then you have no friends and she was worried about that is a fortified like anybody. That's it. Then you find friends in other activities when you come back home in the afternoon in your church whatever. But she's kind of not outgoing. She's in between. She's probably like you because you do like to act so you obviously aren't like afraid but you're not like I need to go out all the time and hang out. Yeah. Yeah. Look I'm right by the window so it looks
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: like I have sunlight but I don't. And you've got light. Find you a lot of pictures on the wall. Is he? It's
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: like my college dorm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I took like album covers and put them over my bed because I wanted to decorate and it worked out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's cool. Yeah. I couldn't tell if they were photos or not now that I look at it and they don't look like, you know, pictures of people you would know high school way to decorate. I had like photos and posters. Of course my dorm room, they were dorm rooms at any school are kind of yuck. I think we had cinder block walls with some some buildings have the regular so nothing stuff to it. You know, you had to use like that got me. Well now they have the command hooks pulled right off the wall. It's taken. But we had like plaster paste. I don't know what Yes, but I liked college. It was going I lived I lived there on campus, which was good tonight. So I guess well I guess I should just since we're still testing or are you going to university? That that because of covid you wouldn't be living on campus or you weren't going to anyway.
SPEAKER_L: They have on campus but I lived close enough nearby that I can just drive and it's cheaper than living on there.
SPEAKER_R: And make sense? What what's the point? That's silly. You know, because you're not really getting different experience other than you have a different room. That's cool, it's cool. Um Obviously I'm not jones didn't get off, I just didn't know what time we started. I know the rule that you definitely do a full 25 go over for whatever so I just I don't want to go so far over that it's like, you know, kind
SPEAKER_L: They're
SPEAKER_R: of move
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: one can
SPEAKER_R: to.
SPEAKER_L: get punished like, wow.
SPEAKER_R: So like okay I guess it was just like okay so now it's time to move on. But I thought this was gonna be more difficult. But I guess as much as when I'm standing in line at the grocery store, I'm not, I mean I do the chit chat but I usually don't you know because some people that's just what you do, how is the weather? And we did start with
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: that but that's how you I guess I'll tell you get things going. You know you were good about picking up on. Why do you like the heat? You crazy lady? Why? I like I like the pool, I like the beach. We've got beach accessible
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: pretty easily here where I'm central Virginia. So we've got the first beach which is on the pay not the river but it's got waves and it's good enough it's not like a river is about an hour's and change away. And then you're going to the beach on the ocean. Virginia beach is about two hours away. So it's very reasonable day trip. And then um you know mountains are actually an hour away the other way. So if you really want that, I hate mountains because they remind me of cold. But um so everything's kind of, and then I'm in Richmond, so a lot of bad press nationally. Uh but at least my opinion, but I mean it's bad even if you agree with what's going on. So we got all that, but it's historical. So black people come here for that and I went away in the merry, which is in Williamsburg, so that history, but we kind of got a lot of things here. But for the warm weather, if we didn't live in here, beaches or had access to pools, I probably would hate it a little bit. Because what's my memories of the kids, why it's there, But we'll see the pools didn't open this year. They could have, but they said we don't want to only allow 50 people or whatever. So Mhm. So I don't know what I guess. Whenever we do end, do we to weed?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, we just closed
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: wind girl. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Because yeah, I don't know exactly where we start. Well maybe we'll do another minute or so because
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: we,
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: let's
SPEAKER_L: we did the time so we qualified. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I knew I was pretty much right around nine, maybe a minute or two after once my I related my computer. I know him. I don't turn off every few days First. Last night I turned it off and it's a six year old laptop. So I think when I booted it this morning, it says it's raining and I'm going to take forever to open up. So okay. If we're good, then nice
SPEAKER_L: Oh,
SPEAKER_R: chatting with
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: was nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: All right, enjoy your intent of when you get it the money. The money. Have a good day.