Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
Why?
Um I've only done it once before, so well, my name is Murray.
What
I'm
from
Arkansas.
I don't think it's pretty nice. Um It started to cool down a little bit,
I'm not feeling is hot.
Yeah, but now it's cooler.
How am I like cooler weather?
got
we got the whole baskets.
I'm 18 so
make
all of
Mhm
Pan
I guess um why do you prefer hot weather?
I
Yeah, I guess because I can do more stuff about feeling too cold, but when you're too hot like you can't do as much about it
Graham.
No, not low zero's probably like thirties and like in the mornings, you know, of course it's lower but you know.
Yeah, the only thing I don't like about the cold is um like in
the mornings when I would go to school I'd have like ice and stuff on like the front of my car and then you have to like you know wait for it to fall before you can drive so annoy.
don't get we don't get snow every year. It depends
her.
No
if.
It sounds very cold Missouri when I was
younger we lived in Rhode Island and we'd get like a ton of snow. I'm like I mean I think there there was at least a few times where we couldn't go because there's enough snow. Is that it was there's a lot of us now.
Thank
you.
Good man.
Yeah. I have two younger siblings, I'm the oldest.
Um I'm
in college, so my class is there, I have two classes that can be in person, but so far, but lately they've been online but I'm supposed to go back in next week for one of them and then my sister is, one of them was voluntarily doing online, the other one she wanted to be in person, it's
kind of a whole mix of stuff.
Where?
When they
we have a dog.
Well.
Yeah, when they first started shutting everything down, I really miss seeing my friends so I'm glad that at least now we can start thinking about seeing people again.
And
we
got to
do a drive through graduation actually, so it was kind of kind of nice really, it was better than we thought it would be. Uh Yeah,
we feel like Miss Prom and like we had like a lot of flexible projects and stuff that we were excited for that we didn't get to do. That was too bad.
Well
what?
and
I don't personally have anyone that I know that's high risk, I have a couple of friends who haven't been able to like do as much because they have people who are
very high risk. But like me personally, I don't know anyone like who is my immediate family.
What?
Arkansas was always more relaxed on on this stuff. Yeah. But uh yeah we have silver dollar I guess it's like a silver dollar city's in Arkansas but
like that's the closest one and that one is is open and so that's kind of that's nice I guess if you wanted to
go
I
mean.
thank you
this
in
I
And
and
what
like
open up.
Well
sure. Yeah. Oh do you have any pets? Yes.
Got.
I'm
sorry.
Help
What?
there.
this is why I went to was a charter school so it's kind of like that we had like a bus system and it was it was smaller so we're able to do the drive through graduation.
But it was it was pretty nice. We like dollar teachers, it was really
Um I mean I really enjoyed history and literature. I'm a theater performance major. We didn't have like a theater class just because it was such a a small school, but Those were like my two favourite classes.
I want to go
into this, I want to go into acting, so.
No.
I
don't.
Yeah. Yeah, I was lucky because the teacher who started the theater club, she was one of my favorite teachers stands really close to her and I got a bunch of my friends to do it in our schools, small as any was small anyway. So like I was like I'm kind of shy but like knowing everyone really help make it really fun.
So
Um no, it was K through 12. I don't remember the number of kids in the school but like my graduating class is like 20 something. But yeah.
that's
what
in our
I
had, yeah, I had friends who like went to the public schools in our area and they were like the huge ones and I always talk about like all the classes they had like how big
their graduation and how long their graduation was supposed to be guys like, wow. Yeah.
All
So.
I'm
I took like album covers and put them over my bed because I wanted to decorate and it worked out.
They have on campus but I lived close enough nearby that I can just drive and it's cheaper than living on there.
They're
like
one can
get punished like, wow.
No.
no.
Oh, we just closed
the
wind girl. Yeah.
Okay.
I think
we,
I think
we did the time so we qualified. Yeah.
Oh,
it
was nice to meet you.