Mhm, mm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah, mm. Yeah. Okay woman. Mhm Uh huh. No. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh, okay. Well, Oh right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, I guess. Mhm. Company. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yes, mm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. I just wanted to get me, let's take a look. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. Mhm. Yeah, using the closer, Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, mm, wow, wow, wow. Mhm, mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it is difficult, you know, you never want to do something. Wait for the police to everybody. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Looking at well. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. You know, you know, Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm Oh, Uh huh. Yeah. Oh, mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. What? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Oh, okay. Yeah. Mhm Uh Yeah, people. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I think I really want, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh Mhm Oh yeah. Mhm Okay, wow. No. Okay. Oh. Mhm Oh, Mhm Uh huh. Yeah, Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm Right.
Um you know, not particularly, honestly.
I'm good. Um you know, um
well
let's, let's start at
the beginning, I'm, my name is Jacob, I live in South Dakota and uh
now
I'm making pizzas at a gas station, but I'm going to start working for the post office here in a few weeks, and that's where I'm at right now, I just got out of college and it is the weirdest year ever to
graduate from college, but make it work.
Do
what?
uh my
work uniform sure does, and I really try my hardest not to carry that into the house because I don't want to get sick of pizza because I,
I
like pizza and uh the
remedy is like shake off work every second, I'm not at work, you know? Yeah.
kidding.
I mean like
what's interesting about being in South Dakota is, it almost feels like entirely back to normal here, It's super weird, like in like,
about like I went on a weekend spring break trip about halfway through March, I came back from that trip and everything was just shut down like everywhere else in the country. Um but the case is never really spiked in this, yeah, comes out or at
least like
in Yorktown, in like april like 11
cases happened and they all recovered and then like some popped up every once in a while, but like for the most part things aren't that different
right now anymore,
I don't think
um yeah, all of, almost all of South Dakota is just completely empty. I live in a town about an hour north of Sioux Falls,
which is like the only city
in South
Dakota
and like, but even so false like, because
from
what
I hear, they've just kinda like, they've got all the dining rooms for a lot of restaurants back open, most people are back to work. I mean South Dakota just didn't get hit like other places, it doesn't seem like
for
well,
I'm like, I missed you so much. It's a, it's a whole
different
thing to have to tackle because people, like I'm assuming for all this, like, you know, people are in pretty close quarters most of the time.
But
actually,
or
yeah, right. Um Yeah, because like when I remember before I left for that, because that's how I like measure time, like prior to the spring break trip to Minneapolis and like after it, because that was like the immediate flip of events. But I remember South to like, I felt like I was the most concerned about
what was going to happen out of anyone around here in South Dakota. I mean that's just kind of the culture around here. People are, I think a little too laid back sometimes. Um and so like I'm listening to my college radio station, I'm driving around in one of the student DJs is like, well, a lot of people are freaking out about this, but I just don't think we should until we, until we see what happens. And that was like the popular opinion around here. And even when I, like that was
looking for the trip, someone was like, you know, it's just jokingly, she was like a dog bring back covid. And like, uh,
we were,
we
were at
the mall of America is a day before it shut down completely. And the waiter at one of those restaurants was like, oh, there's no way they're going to shut down the mall, they lose way too much money. It's not going to happen next day it was closed and
I'll get
back in. Like
some of my friends, you know, they took some like really strict precautions and everything, but there are more people in my town who complained about all the restrictions then who actually cared about following them, which I thought
was going to bite us really hard, but I guess it didn't um just
because
there are how many people up here again West, but
I don't know um North Dakota had more unemployment, I know that because
South Dakota apparently had lost important country. Um but they have fewer people, but the people they do have are in like more concentrated bigger towns.
It's got
to be like, I'm originally from Kansas city and I think South Dakota is ridiculously too cold and so I don't have you working live up in North Dakota because that is just too much.
Yeah, it's so accurate.
Israel
well, and it's interesting because like South Dakota's like spatially
big state. So I mean for one thing, I still talk like I'm from Kansas city because that's where I grew up, but like in soup falls, usually you can't tell that people are really northern. Um, but I lived up in a town called Aberdeen, which is the third largest city in South Dakota, it has 27,000 people and it is the largest city within like 1000, 900 miles in any direction. And um, that was a big culture shock and it really looks terracotta and there I started noticing there are a lot of, I didn't notice necessarily an accent, but they were saying some words incorrectly, like, like words that end with like a g like bag tag, they say like bag tag and I try to explain to them that that's what they were doing and they didn't know what I was talking about. Uh huh.
it
isn't anything
and
I can't
imagine can process that.
And I just get so tired of people in South Dakota complaining about the heat, when people in phoenix actually have to deal with heat, like, and when it gets up to 90
because it was 90
people just
complain
like crazy around here and it's like, y'all don't know what he is,
I
it was like really sunny there most of the time to, which is probably nice.
Sounds awesome. That sounds awesome.
look
in
your
heart.
that,
I would take that over the winters up here any day. What I really would um, when I between Kansas city and South Dakota, I lived in the Detroit area for a year and I thought it was really cold because it got like down to like 10 degrees in the winter and then I moved to Aberdeen and they're like, so how cold did it get in michigan and I told them that and they were like wow, you don't know what cold is. I was like, you've got to be exaggerating, there's no way it actually gets colder than that and lo and behold the low any given year, the windshield get down to 40 below zero, the snow stays through april it is, it is miserable in Kansas City, I remember going, you know, I just can't wait for it to snow so we can have, I hope we have a white christmas this year and when I got to South Dakota I'm like please for the love of all that is holy can snowmelt. Yeah.
question.
is
yeah, no, I can, I can imagine even in the winter, I mean like everything is cheaper in South Dakota, anyone even in the winter, like our heating bills don't get bad, not even quote. Okay.
At
Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. It's not like a real um professional grade poker table, but I got like the fold out table, top of walmart green felt shares in a fold out table and yeah, just stop it together. Have a what is it?
Yeah. It's one of the benefits that came out of quarantining really, was that I was able to study the hobby a little bit more and actually figure out how the game works. So when the casino started reopening, I finally got to capitalize on. All right, cool. I'm gonna go try it and I got my butt kicked. I lost $200 because it is
more nerve wracking against against like, and
I'm like,
yeah, the old dogs, you've been playing it forever. I mean like there's, there's the feeling of me and sticks in my friends here in my apartment just hanging out, having a good time splashing around,
making stupid moves to be funny sometimes and
online and where you're not watching anybody's behavior, you're just watching what they're doing. And um, then you come to this area. I mean it's so crowded. It's this little table where you got the one old lady dealing the cards 10 10, 10. Mostly men between the ages of 28 56. And now they're all wearing masks. So it's, and
you were like elbow to elbow with, with someone on each side of it. I was, I'm going to remember that next time I go and remember the environment is much different and I have to be mentally prepared for that because it really affected
me
or what What?
here it is ever in my life
electrical
and
And
I can
tell you I'm section and I can tell you the exact math if you really want me to. But I think I'll spare you. Mhm.
I was like
the
odds of of how much you walk away with in any given game.
Okay. So um yeah, roulette is like depending on where you go, it's going to be a little bit better for you than slot machines for sure. Um The games you can really like not lose watch on, it's like baccarat craps and you're dealing blackjack. Those are the three games
I've been working with learning blackjack because it's um it's a game that if you if you really work hard at it, you can, you can even come out a little tiny
microscopic good ahead.
So um
but it's it's really hard, it's really hard to do it. Well I just prefer poker anyway because instead of playing against the dealer, I'm playing with other
people and I
can mess with them a little bit and I'm just taking their money and it's a fair playing field so you know.
Welcome.
Yeah. Which is you know, pretty good site once all honestly.
Uh telling
the guitars and the UKulele bad parent stuff.
And
yeah. How long have you played?
I don't
sweet.
Like
is that like a string
on the board and you like get it with?
But
keeping track at all, you play it safe. Maybe go to 4 30 you know? Whatever. Uh huh.
well if if you if you don't want to get back in touch after this, I'm more than willing, I'm like uh Snapchat facebook, whatever you use.
I wish I could say I played more video games. I'm incredibly casual actually. All right.
That's still too, yeah. Okay.
No.
I think so.
I think so. Yeah.
Bring
my name is Jacob Womack. W. O. M. A. Okay.
And
you
and our
okay,
when the conversation is complete, return to this browser tab to continue participation. I didn't say whether or not we closed. Yeah. Mhm.
But I'm assuming
I'm assuming we're safe to.
absolutely.
Nice to meet you too.