you can hear me. That's good. Okay let me start my time right here. Okay well I'm nervous. Are you nervous
wow that's good. At least for one of us. Um I just had a little blue and I accidentally clicked the button to go to the survey before starting the camp. So we'll see how I figure that out after this. But I think I'm okay anyway, how are you?
What's
going on?
True.
I wonder. Yeah. Mhm. This just
started.
Beautiful.
Right. Right. It is the weird here for college. I ended my spring semester transferring from in class schooling to online and that kind of stuff. But anyways my name is summer. I lived in Arizona um 26 years old and I'm still doing the school thing. I haven't quite gotten a degree yet. Um I currently well I love pizza so that's awesome. You work with pizza I bet you smell like pizza all the time. Right this
week.
Do you smell like pizza all the time? Yeah,
Yeah,
portion of
it,
people.
Right. Right. Well, I don't make pizza, I just pop it in the oven, that's making it and I don't know. But uh I am uh for work, I work from home right now, I used to work in an office, but I caption phone conversations for the hard of hearing. So um it's a pretty boring job, but it gets interesting sometimes and um currently it's mostly just hearing about Covid all day, which is kind of sad inning, so, you
know, rubs up on me, but it is what it is. It's good still having a job. So I'm definitely not going to be one of those people that are mad about others getting 600 a week when they don't have a job because, you know, I'm just thankful that I have one in the end and I won't have to go through that crappy process of finding a new one, you know? Yeah. So
with the invention,
Well,
I
wonder
people,
With
requests
interesting. I wonder is that because you south Dakota is more like a war rural, open spread out area or do you live in like the city area?
with
the
help of
the relationship.
Good.
The british
government.
That's really cool to hear.
I've always wanted to live it kind of like a big girl area where all you see is just grass and stuff like that. But I'm in phoenix Arizona, which
is pretty bad right now and we're on another um lockdown of, I think ours restaurants, gyms, clubs, stuff like that, but um some bars and restaurants are still open surprisingly, which is kind of weird, makes me wonder how hard the police are enforcing that kind of thing or what they're really worried about right now, I don't know really,
you
get nothing. Yeah.
Yeah, lots of apartments, lots of just like a low income neighborhood that I want, you know, a lot of people are living in one apartment and at least I say that because the apartment complex I'm living in, that's kind of the case, so thankfully I'm just here with my father and where, you know, I'm kind of developed into a germophobe, so I
like this bottle is full of alcohol and I'm just actually,
it's about 20%
water, 80% alcohol, I think I might have screwed that up, but I need to research that it might need to be full, full 100% alcohol anyways. Um At least I'm trying.
Population
Communication.
Yeah. Right, right. I
swear about 20 but
kind
of scared.
A poor guy. Okay.
You
promised.
What?
Let
me
Mhm. Right. And you said South Dakota, Right. I wonder how that compares to North Dakota. Yes, it's any difference at all?
And
yeah. Is that because North Dakota is more snowy and just uninhabitable?
All
Yeah. It's that I'm thinking, is that where Fargo is shot? You know the movie? Fargo? North Dakota? Oh, that's a great movie. I would visit just for the accents.
And
I'm trying to think, I can't really hear an accent from you. So maybe it's just the, the people in North Dakota.
For the moment.
Right, right. It reminds me of when I briefly lived in pennsylvania when I was maybe like 10 to 13 years old, they said um their accents were like a little different. I can't even begin to describe it in any way because I just don't remember. But they did, they had some words that I had never heard before. Like instead of saying you guys, they would say begins like, you know, you guys got a movie or he was in the movie and it's definitely
interesting
just,
you
know,
Yeah. I never really adapted or adopted it when I was there. I think it's more, it was more of just like an older crowd kind of thing. I've always said it. Mhm. But pennsylvania was nice. I love the east coast, it definitely differs from hot phoenix, which today I think it's 113 out. So my car is boiling with my leather seats that I stupidly bought. My leather commerce. Oh boy, there's towels over them now.
I'm never
that's
pretty
hot.
Yeah. I'll never be one of those Arizona's though that are like, you haven't experienced real heat, you know, hot hot is hot. I've lived here most of my life, I'll never get used to it. And that's, I don't know, some people say they're used to it. Some people say they just hate Arizona because of the heat. But um I always get um homesick when I visit California or anywhere else because I love the mountains and the dirt it grew, it grew on me, grows on you, It's on you probably when
you're in Arizona. Okay.
Yeah, probably like 300 40 days out of the year. Sunny. Yeah.
It is awesome during the winter and like january maybe
like november december, january, february, maybe March. And then the rest of that, it's over 100
your
car
is dying on and you don't know what to wear
because it's so hot and it's terrible. So you basically, I hermit inside most of the time just go out at night like there. Yeah. Yeah.
I feel that I get cold really easily likely I guess from living in Arizona most of the time. So uh moving to a cold state would be super difficult, I think to get used to. Um, but the like the expense of uh or
the electricity bills that we have to pay in Arizona, it's so high, almost speaks, they want to move to some place that's colder, where maybe I could just have a fireplace, you know, because I suspect my electricity bill this month is probably going to be like 300 something dollars. I don't know, maybe more than that.
Yeah, you got to keep cool or else you're just gonna get angry.
Right, because you can use different methods, like, I don't know, fireplace gas would, which is the fireplace, I don't know. Two methods are, I only know, but yeah, we've got like swamp coolers here which are the cheaper methods of air conditioning which work
except when it gets to 1 13, and then they start compensating and dripping down your ceiling and all that crap. But is that a
poker table behind you?
Mhm. That's awesome. I love poker, I love watching. Yes, I love poker. I always wanted to play with friends. Haven't had that opportunity yet. I've only played on, you know, like online apps for fake and real money if I must admit. Um But I didn't do so well in but uh yeah, I am very competitive. I love poker. Um I've always wanted to play at a casino but I'm just so afraid that my poker face, I don't think it exists at all, so.
no.
The older
people that are.
And
Big beds.
harder.
Kind
of shot. Yeah.
Maybe that affected your game would be a great excuse probably. Did it would definitely affect my game, I would be scared yeah, intimidated. Maybe the only girl at the table who knows or I'm up against the best woman in the casino, I don't know. But but uh slot machines, those are fun too. You
never Yeah it's really um my mother she likes going to the casino and play slot machines so she kind
of gone there a couple
times to play them with her and it's kind of fun but mhm. I think there's a much better statistical chance of winning money with you know bullet or blackjack or poker
than
Flemish.
Math of what?
Relent
on the suit.
Yeah. Oh and like any game at the casino? Okay. Tell me they are.
Oh the game I don't know how to play.
No
problem.
some sounds like a good uh I can't think of the word right now. Sounds like a anyways continue. I'm just
baby.
All
Right right. Whether it's money or candy or whatever, I I would love I would have a great time with friends and hopefully
soon I can do that and people will be comfortable. Yeah. Yeah. Right. As for right now I'm just reading books and Right. Mhm. Um doing you know paralympic stuff.
Yeah, I realized that I really look forward to seeing like new studies and um bonuses and it's interesting. So Mhm.
Um
Crunch. Oh so I have quite a bit of a little instruments, that one I bought off of wish and it came all disassembled and I put it together and I was going to paint it and stuff. This one was present and electric. Um That's an acoustic. I think that was my Yeah, no this yeah, that almost my first acoustic. Yeah. That's a play broken acoustic. I found a good little like years ago that I just don't know more so ball art than anything. My face and then this this baby right here is my card enjoy love more than just
anything in life. So that's my really let I play most on and like to learn little snippets of 90 songs and try to impress myself with. Yeah. You know that's another statistic.
Um the UKulele which is like what I'm most like maybe like um a couple of years actually like learning songs and stuff like that. The guitarist,
I may have a lot of them but um I am very inexperienced and I took a guitar class in college and that was probably the funnest time I've ever had but um have such bad memory that I would probably want to take the class over again if I could, I'd be really awesome. Yeah. So yeah, that and I also have something called the Kalimba which is like the thing kind of
I don't know, maybe look it up later. I
like instruments.
Perfect.
Um No, so it's like a mahogany box and it has a bunch of long thin metal like I can let me just have it. It's right here. Okay. Mhm. Mhm mm. Okay, so got it on amazon and super happy with awesome. Mhm. All right, that's our retirement, but I'm going to show you this. Okay, so this is a Columbia and you know you play little things like kind of like that and I learned how to play um one song on it but it would take me at least five minutes to remember it right now. So we
will do. But yeah, I guess if we're at 20 minutes are you at 25 minutes on your end?
Right. Right. I I have a doctor's appointment at 3 15 so that's why I put the time around there to make sure like it didn't go too long. I'm super happy that I got someone as cool as you and not someone scary like I was worried about it, I had no idea what to expect but I was like this sounds fine. I'm lonely in my house quarantining. Let's meet someone new that has awesome red hair by the way. My mother is a total redhead so most of my family are dead except for me but you can't always get it too far. Um
do you play any video games?
well um why don't you just look me up on a much much more than what I like more. Um Look me up on facebook then you can see all of my cool music I post. Especially lately I've been posting a lot of music if you're into that maybe. So um I guess since you know you don't seem like a weird out just look up summer stout which is just like the beer so.
yep. Yeah and I'm probably there might be one other there but just you'll recognize me. Okay so how do you think this thing is gonna work
out? Do we just act it out and then take the survey? Yeah
I'm frank.
right well
what was your name again? Okay.
Okay do you have the instructions pulled up in front
of you
because, okay can you see if there's any instructions because
I have the you know the ending page because I stupidly accidentally clicked back was nervous, so. Okay.
Yeah.
All right. Well, I think I'm going
to
Okay, well I hopefully um they like this and I didn't mess it up for myself and we both get paid and this is a good conversation. Thanks to
meet you. All
right, okay. Have a good day.