SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: Hi,
SPEAKER_R: How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good. I read.
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I'm Emily, what's your name?
SPEAKER_R: Hi, I'm Danny.
SPEAKER_L: I'm nice to meet you. Um Everything you want to talk about.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. Um, What are some of your favorite hobbies? What that
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. And that's about it.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay. Good. A good list.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I play with my friends dog, but other than that I smoke. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well like, I feel like it's changed a lot in quarantine. I used to be a lot like more active and crafty and you think that spending more time at home, I would be even more, but no, I'm just like super lazy anapa lot. Um, Unfortunately, I've been watching a lot of Tiktok two, horrible, terrible, ashamed. Um, Holy, I mean, I'd like to do a lot of things, but recently it's just been like, don't have the energy.
SPEAKER_L: No, same.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How's everything like with corona going for you? Has it affected you a lot?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Well it hit me, it hit my last semester of college before
SPEAKER_R: Damn.
SPEAKER_L: I graduated. So it took away a couple of clubs. I was in an internship. I had all my classes went online and then graduation was also online, so
SPEAKER_R: Damn
SPEAKER_L: beginning
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: part kind of sucked a little bit
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: not.
SPEAKER_R: So you have to have your commencement ceremony online? How did that work?
SPEAKER_L: They remember they did some kind of a cast like they had them uh do it over a video where they were all like really spaced out. They um just announced like each college that way and it was like they gave the they had a student give the speech and then president of the university gave the speech and that was, that was pretty much I was alone in my apartment with my little Captain Castle and I just kinda moved it just.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, sorry to hear that. So I'm halfway through like my college, so it wasn't as bad for me. Just more so convenience. But
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: from moving
SPEAKER_L: are you studying?
SPEAKER_R: south, I'm currently doing public relations and marketing. So I mean they're both like intertwined and you have to learn about both whether you like it or not. Not really a pr person. I'm not really do like more marketing advertising, but no, no,
SPEAKER_L: it do
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: no like kind of specifically what you want to do with that or just in general?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I'm not sure. I've won some point. I want to work for a sports team, like their social media. Um And so I want to work for Disney.
SPEAKER_L: Of course. Uh
SPEAKER_R: long term I would want to, I have my own business doing something. I just don't know what
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. All great ambitions to have.
SPEAKER_R: thank you think. I mean they're all like to say, yeah, I want to do that today, but I haven't really done anything concrete towards those. But
SPEAKER_L: You got plenty of time.
SPEAKER_R: that's true. That's true. What did you major in graduating?
SPEAKER_L: Animal science.
SPEAKER_R: What are you gonna do with that?
SPEAKER_L: I want to go into animal cruelty investigation.
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome. That's really, really cool. My folks, his friends wants to be a bit. Um So she's always talking to me about how her studies are doing and stuff. She wants to have her own farm. Um And then somewhere super secluded so that's pretty cute.
SPEAKER_L: I that's that's that's a lot of extra science classes and things that I was not one to take for to be previous but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's that's a lot.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah all the animal places either like shelters and things mostly either ran out of animals or they like we're downsizing shouldn't have as many people in offices so trying to find a job in one of those was also not helpful. Also
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: definitely
SPEAKER_R: right now sorry
SPEAKER_L: mm There you go you go.
SPEAKER_R: now in like unemployed you're not
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: doing
SPEAKER_L: am part time delivering pizzas. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Fine. Fine.
SPEAKER_L: And in the process of getting a second job somewhere and also a part time just to make better money than that.
SPEAKER_R: I feel that times are tough. It's not easy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, not a, not a fun time and it just, it just keeps on going and
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: nothing.
SPEAKER_R: favorite things how when everything ended in March everyone's like it's only gonna be one one month and we'll be back
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: and now we're
SPEAKER_L: could
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: have been.
SPEAKER_R: yeah that's true. If anyone if everyone everyone everyone in the entire world you know he was then boom but well now we're here a couple months in not going on to the end.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I kind of run out of an excuse to like not be like go to a gym or be in shape and it's like, oh, it's quarantine. It's like it's fine. But now it's like we're several months into quarantine and need to not be unhealthy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's like well now what do I do? And I mean I I would like to go I mean to the gym but I also don't want to have to go and risk myself. Like I've driven back then I see everyone wearing their masks, it's like underneath their mouths because they're like, I can't, I mean, I get it, it's hard to breathe like exercise, but I just don't trust it.
SPEAKER_L: it's been like 90° every single day and humid where I am. So it's
SPEAKER_R: Children,
SPEAKER_L: like, I can't even like go for a walk outside either, so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: my people that my car just broke and every day I like roll down the windows and hope that I can breathe just like sweating nonstop and it's it's terrible. Not at one time.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that would be awful right now. Is the FBI a Seabrook?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm I'm having the worst time. I literally have to like put I mean, I already did because of corona and stuff, but like anything that I wear, I get home and I'm drenched, I'm like, okay, it's to wash
SPEAKER_L: Pretty much. It doesn't, especially um I just moved into a new apartment. So I've been like making several trips with heavy stuff up and down a bunch of stairs, so I'm just like two trips in and outside and I'm like, okay,
SPEAKER_R: actually
SPEAKER_L: this is I got plenty of exercise in the last week of just running up and down stairs.
SPEAKER_R: You're like, I'm good for like the next month.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yeah. Or the year, you know, very close.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. How was moving into like a new apartment or help walk this like with all of corona or did it or?
SPEAKER_L: It wasn't, it wasn't too bad with that. I mean it's just me and I have to I had to wear a mask while I was in like the leasing office and stuff. But um for the most, like my family helped me move, but I did most of it myself and it's permission only additional annoyances that everyone was wearing masks and we tried not to like touch too many doors and you can help it. Um But it's not too bad. It was just a lot of trips to make and all that. But it was pretty much the same as I imagined it would have been without corona.
SPEAKER_R: Just take extra precautions.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, pretty much from and I more like more concerned about like cleaning. They did clean this place before I moved in but like kind of extra cleaning like doing it like a once over again just like be safe and doing like door handles and stuff like that was show. But it's becoming so normal now like it doesn't even feel weird anymore.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I actually had a terrible, terrible choice today. I went to forever 21 and I walked in and everyone's looking so weird and I was like, what is up? Then? I go, I don't know ribs. I think I was on the phone and I was laughing and I went to I think cover my mouth and I realized I don't have my mask on and that's why everyone was so weird. I never felt so ashamed. They probably thought I was one of those like crazy people that think that everything is a hoax. I mean, I do think there's some such about the virus is very much real in my opinion, like close friends that are like very affected by it. So I'm like, I'm not, I'm just not gonna mess with that. Um So I hope that I hope that I'm fine, but now everyone thinks that I'm crazy or I don't know what, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's yeah
SPEAKER_R: weird
SPEAKER_L: I've I go where especially um when I'm at work after where it's like make the delivery stuff and it's like around my chin so much people when I take it off like it still feels like it's there. Then I like feel and like oh it's not there anymore. Good to know or I'll have it like in my hand, I forgot to put it on my face before I like go somewhere. But there's some
SPEAKER_R: what happened to me? I had it in my pocket because I was like, I can't forget it and then uh huh Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that's what I mean. I guess it's kind of a good thing that most people there had a mask on and we're like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think everyone that I saw had a mask on, which is good. I'm kind of surprised. No one said anything like that to get in. They had the door locked so to get like when you, you have to just wait at the door for them to unlock it and if you hand sanitizer and the lady gave me hand sanitizer, I was like, oh, thank you and shouldn't say anything. I mean she looked a little scared, but I was like, I'm who knows why,
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: where there might not be one of the storks. I um
SPEAKER_R: wire may be right,
SPEAKER_L: I don't think they were crying. I don't know who requires. I don't know how like clothing stores like Target and Kroger, like they'll require them now. But I don't know. It could have just been. Hello because I guess they're monitoring like the numbers of how many people are in the store with that. But yeah, I don't know. It's a present
SPEAKER_R: And our, sorry,
SPEAKER_L: where they take that big of precaution and not also make you wear a mask, but
SPEAKER_R: it was weird. I don't know. And everyone was staring at me and I was like what is up? Like is there a problem? I felt so ashamed. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: people the like just going out and not going out but like driving around. Especially because I'm like in a downtown kind of area. So it's like I just see people crowding bars and stuff would know mask on. Like what are you doing? This is this is why our numbers keeps like why we can't open everything again. Oh yes, we have. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I agree. I just feel like a lot of people or they're not taking seriously and they're like, it's my friends like they probably don't have corona. If they say they don't have corona, they don't have corona. Like I don't know how they got tested. Do you know that?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like my
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: my friend that has a dog works um in a hospital. So it's like they get tested like temperature tested every day. It's like I know she doesn't and she's the only person that I see. Um but I have another friend that has, that was my roommate before I moved has type one diabetes. So he also moved back with his parents. So I've been alone in that apartment that I was in for the last few months. But um it's like him and my dad also has diabetes. So it's like I worked like it's like for them, it's like the people especially living with him for several months, it's like I know how like things hit him and his immune system is down because it's fighting itself essentially. So it's like I I wear it for them and my parents, both my parents are in their 60s, so it's like
SPEAKER_R: Born
SPEAKER_L: not that someone in their perfectly healthy in their twenties can't hi from it either, so Justin.
SPEAKER_R: That's scary. And I I don't think I hoped I wouldn't die for if I get it. I mean I don't that's not like a worry might I do it say more for like the people that live with. Um and like I have a there's like a baby at home so like I wouldn't want because like they also they don't really feel much of it but then they get like a different complication after like being exposed to the virus from like damn
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, I don't there's also so much we don't know. And then like new things come out every time someone like, oh this is a new symptom and it's like yeah, I just it's really not hard to put a piece of cloth of your face or a bandana or something, like it's really not.
SPEAKER_R: my people make such a big deal out of it and people who say that Um like Oh I can wear this, it's so bad for you to breathe in like those toxins or whatever. Like what do you think doctors do when they have a 14 hour long surgery? Are they gonna die? I don't get the logic,
SPEAKER_L: like it's not suction cup to your face, like you can still breathe and then there's a lot of people complaining, you have to wear one to like Disney World. Like then don't go to Disney World right now. Like,
SPEAKER_R: it doesn't make any sense. Or the funniest thing is people that were in their cars like what? Mhm. Who else is in the car? I mean if it's like an Uber driver I get it but like I'll see them alone and like what's the point? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So I did that once and I say um was able to let my diabetic friend escape from his house for a minute and like he was in the back of the car so like if no one can see him then it's like they can't see that. But no, it's like I there's no reason to wear one while you're gonna if you're alone
SPEAKER_R: If you're alone. Yeah I don't I don't get the point. People there are people taking into every extreme.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I've pretty much yeah big issue like they politicized. It's now it's like making a statement if you wear ones like the statement is that you care about someone besides yourself or care about yourself who like it's protecting you. Like why would you want?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like it deals with those, I don't I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Another.
SPEAKER_R: But like everything is like it's only 99 Mortality rate or something. I mean 1% 99% survival rate like whatever. And I'm like where you where these numbers coming from?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but they but also When you have millions of people that have had it, that 1% becomes thousands. Like it's not just especially
SPEAKER_R: It's not
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: worsen.
SPEAKER_L: When they said with like kids going back to school in the fall like like Children and they were like only like .9% of them are gonna probably gonna die. I'm like you're
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: a little problem with this.
SPEAKER_R: my math is correct
SPEAKER_L: That's like
SPEAKER_R: and like how do you control that? Like the kids, like even if they were mass like eventually like a lot of them, especially the younger ones might not understand they're going to take it off, they're going to touch each other, they're gonna touch your mouth like inside the mask or something. And how do you control that?
SPEAKER_L: yeah. I mean even now
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I think the mandate even for some stores it's like any child
SPEAKER_R: Under two
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: I think.
SPEAKER_L: oh two. I heard one of them was like eight or something. Doesn't have to wear one. But it just depend on state or something. But yeah, I was very remember I might have just been like targets rule or something else. But it was like I understand trying to keep it on a child but you know, you've had this long to train them but still yeah, going back to school. I think my like high school school districts, I think if they're making it optional. Think like you can either take them to school, you can do distance learning or you can home school them or something. Like they're giving them the option and I guess they'll I don't know quite how that's gonna work. They might just like zoom
SPEAKER_R: paul.
SPEAKER_L: class. But then if you can't stay home with your kids then um you can send them but like they're taking precautions so it's like it's like yeah give people the option, you actually can't do it then like because people have to work and go back. They can so uh I feel like yeah just send them all in their fine. I would hate to be like Just so I feel like you could just feel like a fever dream when you're older and like in your 30s, like did I dream that with that actually happened?
SPEAKER_R: And then you see a mass and you're like, oh trust
SPEAKER_L: Is that
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: really like I've, but then I'm so used to it, especially like, I don't even know if once it's gone, if they would like stop having that as a thing for like making deliveries or for Uber drivers or something. But
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I'm sure it would eventually in a couple of years or something, but foreseeable future, they're not going anywhere.
SPEAKER_R: oh I doubt it. I doubt it's really crazy. Everything honestly.
SPEAKER_L: Has it affected you at all my personal?
SPEAKER_R: Um directly. Um My whole family has been fine. I worked at a clothing store like a small boutique and never like me and it's only like me and my boss super small but never been affected. Um We've had customers that come into like I just tested negative and my God. Um Yeah. No, thank God. Just like people that I that I know of are like close friends but apart from that, like not directly. Um and I'm not scared because of the way everyone makes it sound like is like at some point everyone's gonna get infected. So because I'm just like uh I don't know how to take that. So do I take offense when I
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It feels like
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I, you know, so I was like, I will wear wear the mask where I have to but I'm not super cautious like
SPEAKER_R: You can't.
SPEAKER_L: because I think I'll be okay relatively. Um but it's still so many new things are coming up about it that it's like very hard to tell.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And then not knowing like I just hear a lot of information from everywhere. Like everyone is saying everything at the same time. So I don't know who to trust. I don't know what the reliable sources are. Like, how do I find that out? Um
SPEAKER_L: scientists.
SPEAKER_R: And now like I heard. Yeah, I know. But like, like people like will restate information and like tim like now I have to like verify if you're right or not because you just want to say whatever you want to say. Um But apparently now, like people are saying um that they've been experiencing um like symptoms, a lot of symptoms after they get corona. Like a lot of people have had corona already are getting terrible migraines afterwards. Um Every single dynamic, goddamn it.
SPEAKER_L: Really? That would be, that's probably some unknown side effect. Whatever the treatment is. I don't even know what the treatment
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: is like. And they kind of did
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: something,
SPEAKER_R: it is, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but it's to manage the symptoms until it goes away in a couple weeks or something is really all now.
SPEAKER_R: maybe it's like a placebo effect. Like maybe someone that already suffers from migraines are like, oh my God, corona gave me migraines and then everyone's like, oh my God, I'm gonna get migraines. And then from stressing out to get migraines, like that's what I mean, like how do I how do we bear by this? Like there's enough information and everything.
SPEAKER_L: especially with like it being when it hit, it was like really deep into like allergy season. So it's like, you're trying not to like cough or sneeze. And I'm like, I swear I'm not sick, but I really need to call for it now.
SPEAKER_R: And like
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: apparently
SPEAKER_L: when you really
SPEAKER_R: there's a
SPEAKER_L: get the head turns.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, apparently there's a flu going around to now and sometimes like my throat go random here and I'm like this is it, this is it and I'm fine, I'm fine to this day, but I'm like damn, it was nice while it lasted I guess. Company.
SPEAKER_L: I it's like every little thing, which like, I mean in the morning to it's like, I'll have like, actually I haven't talked for a minute and I was like, oh, I think it's kind of dry or whatever. And it was like, it was like around yesterday like happened
SPEAKER_R: retreat loves.
SPEAKER_L: Like I mean I just want something different tonight actually, but like they right like you have to wear a mask in their restaurants been very good about like spacing people out. I believe in like a few of them here and there. But it's still like they're doing what they need to whether they're happy about or not. I don't know. But there at least being forced to do something. But then there's still like, you know, the people that just like should some officials come in, they have a mask on, but it's not actually like on their face.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Or they work for a second as soon as, as soon as they can take it off, even those people around those take it off so. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Uh People
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: went out of their way to make them all like cute stuff like you can it's it's literally like a fashion accessory at this point.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No 100% um in my job, everything that sounds like high end like rich people things I guess. Um we still mask for like $30-$35 and I'm like and I mean they're like okay in my opinion, but um like we posted it on the store and people so many, we talked so many times like oh my god, we can get one and she's like a mask with a patch, you can bye bye. Mask on Etsy and the patch on a T. For like very cheap and then just bring it on. Not that big a deal, but I'm like yeah just totally get it
SPEAKER_L: I already don't like you.
SPEAKER_R: and people baffles my mind is that everyone that's rich right now apparently is making a lot more money than they did before, so no one cares about spending and since all of those rich rich people are like they're not wasting money on vacations or on like restaurants, they have so much money to spend. Crazy. I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm like, I mean, I'm not like super suffering, but I'm not like blowing my cash either. That's
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'm trying not to anyway, but
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I know. It's the quantities retail therapy has been my Oh yes.
SPEAKER_L: God I don't just like food because I get it. I mean they're like really tired or whatever, especially moving. I'm like I don't I don't even have like the biggest frying pan I have is like this big. So like I don't I have other ones like coming in the mail but like they're not curious, like I can't even
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: make anything. So it's like yeah but Wendy's looks really good right now,
SPEAKER_R: we got
SPEAKER_L: especially since I get um like cashed at the end of
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: the night when I'm done working. So I just have like random cash. I'm like well You know it's $5, it's coming
SPEAKER_R: before
SPEAKER_L: up,
SPEAKER_R: and then.
SPEAKER_L: not the best choices but that's just because I'm putting it up to that I'm just moving and
SPEAKER_R: Did you
SPEAKER_L: haven't
SPEAKER_R: see?
SPEAKER_L: had time to actually cook. So. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Does something I feel like I just lost my appetite. Like sometimes I just won't eat dinner super unhealthy. I just, I'm just like, uh I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I usually don't even eat until like six p.m. or something. I'm just like not hungry I'm so like over everything and like exhausted. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's like mentally mental exhaustion, like I'm just so much.
SPEAKER_L: Especially at the beginning because I was still trying to like find a place to live and then it's like I can't go anywhere to do certain things. It did make that process a little harder and more stressful and all that. But yeah like I'm just like so mentally exhausted and then like people come up with new stuff
SPEAKER_R: Already
SPEAKER_L: like they
SPEAKER_R: after?
SPEAKER_L: you know as you kept going with murder hornets and whatever else. But that the I think the government just got something from another planet or something or something
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: on earth
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: made.
SPEAKER_R: was that was the Ufo. Well, also what happened to the murder hornets Like?
SPEAKER_L: Don't know they were here and then they were
SPEAKER_R: Never talked about it again. I talked to it that it was like that that's one of the plot holes in 2020. They introduced uh murder hornets or whatever and never resolved the story We're probably gonna hear about in the last season of 2020.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. They just make another experience.
SPEAKER_R: If it
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: were
SPEAKER_L: mean we're doing like the next thing on the list would be like aliens of some sort of just kind of popping up and remember I like take me away like go ahead. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: like bring them here to Corona or something, something like really crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I I don't even know like there's I've forgotten like all the crazy things that have happened this year. Like there's just so many that just then disappear randomly. Ah
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I also read that this year is like a record breaking hurricane season or something. I was like great, great, the world
SPEAKER_L: we had,
SPEAKER_R: is just falling apart.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know where we and
SPEAKER_R: Sorry what,
SPEAKER_L: her.
SPEAKER_R: sewing
SPEAKER_L: I think a hurricane just hit somewhere.
SPEAKER_R: a texas I think.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. And then
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: were earthquakes in California last night. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know the world is not a great place right now?
SPEAKER_L: at one point we were supposed to be getting some kind of sandstorm from south America or something. I don't know where that went.
SPEAKER_R: Another black hole
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I just not a clue. I just want the year to. But even in the years over like
SPEAKER_R: Just like start over in 2021. Forget 2020 happened.
SPEAKER_L: And everyone was like hell we need to get out of 2019. It's been really really bad. Like 2020s, everyone's years. It's like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: Honestly. 20 compared now like 2019 was a beautiful year. I wish we had a bag. Thinking back. I'm like, Wow, I did not enjoy 2019 enough.
SPEAKER_L: No, I even, I remember why, I don't remember why I was bad or why any year was bad.
SPEAKER_R: Why? Like compared to everything else has been like beautiful sunshine and daisies.
SPEAKER_L: It just really sucks. Was like we really could have been done with this like a month ago. Like all the other countries in europe that we're all,
SPEAKER_R: pretty open. Everyone's chilling. Everyone's going to school. I don't see why we have a problem. I mean, I see why we have a problem but I don't see why we have to have a problem. I don't get it.
SPEAKER_L: I don't because we just and then you think about it like we look like the biggest joke to the entire world, but then everyone's full of pride and I'm like for what? We look so stupid.
SPEAKER_R: I mean and we like we've like the USA has always been a joke and now now more than ever now that solidified.
SPEAKER_L: Come on. Like yeah this wasn't like all of those countries have banned us from visiting them now, Which I mean I wasn't planning on doing it, but anyone that wanted to book that like $100 flight to Italy you can't do that,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: but they're
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: they're cheap.
SPEAKER_R: clients are like, oh I just had to reschedule my flight and I'm like, must be nice.
SPEAKER_L: Why are you flying? Unless you like. There is no reason. I found a couple of my um family members go to florida and I'm like, why?
SPEAKER_R: What's the point?
SPEAKER_L: Like, yeah, I know you want to go on vacation. Like my uh, one of my brothers as a doctor so he can afford to do. So I got like private.
SPEAKER_R: Something's not
SPEAKER_L: How sun, like a beach in like Delaware or something. So like they were very secluded from everyone. But then my uh sister with her family all went down to one of the keys in florida. Like what are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Winter.
SPEAKER_L: Like there's a lot of states you can visit that are more in the middle of the go to Montana. They got real low numbers.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, exactly. One of our clients today came in and she told us that she had just gone to Tennessee, like a small town I think, and that like no one there was wearing mask. She was the only one wearing a mask. Um And everyone was looking at her weird because they're like, what are you doing? And everyone just like gathered together and I was like, wow, that's it's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I wouldn't be surprised. Yeah, I would not want to go to any like Southern state right now. It seems like a bad plan for visiting, but I also don't really want to go anywhere. That's not right.
SPEAKER_R: we'll just have a staycation in my backyard collar today.
SPEAKER_L: You have a balcony now. Go sit on that.
SPEAKER_R: careful in
SPEAKER_L: Give me
SPEAKER_R: sunday.
SPEAKER_L: a little turn your lights out there right now. But I can get some.
SPEAKER_R: Well, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Sure, this is real.
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I'm so numb to it anymore. Like, cool. This happened. Nice
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Something else comes up and I'm like, oh cool. I guess. All right. If
SPEAKER_L: system.
SPEAKER_R: you see.
SPEAKER_L: See that's where, you know, Tiktok got really big at the right time because it just really either that makes fun of all of it or it really helps explain it better or it just gives me dances to learn. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I agree. I'm terrible. I mean, I've always thought I was gonna dancer and then I see all these like 14 year olds do it and I'm like, how do you do it so fast, Like damn,
SPEAKER_L: They don't
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: go
SPEAKER_R: need
SPEAKER_L: through
SPEAKER_R: to.
SPEAKER_L: an awkward phase anymore. It's really not fair.
SPEAKER_R: I think that bothers me the most they already look mean, wow. I don't know. Okay. I don't know how, but we really had that. We really had to go through it in our younger
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: younger times.
SPEAKER_L: we didn't have like phones and entering much internet.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Not the way they do,
SPEAKER_L: No. Now where it's like, like my five year old, 6, 7 something young niece has like, they used like ipad, like some kind of tablet in their class. And she was in like first grade. Like they give them to the main class and they like do stuff on them.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Damn. When I was in first grade and not even, maybe when I was like in fourth grade, they were like, this is like our big rundown computer can use Internet explorer. Um
SPEAKER_L: Of course killer.
SPEAKER_R: Chairwoman.
SPEAKER_L: But then kids will never know like the joy of having, you know, like the big cart that came over like a tv that they were going to play some like VHS tape on. Yeah, they don't they don't get that. They watch whatever it is on their tablet or whatever, like that's what they're like smart boards for the best technology in the world and now they're just like a joke.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and then I go, that's funny, I just I'll go back to my ipad and I'm like, okay.
SPEAKER_L: But see like half their, half the new learning is online anyways, why can't all of it just be online for the kids that can stay home and just don't send them in?
SPEAKER_R: Right. I don't know. I don't know. It's how complicated um here in like the schools by me or from like what I've heard from like parents is that most of them are offering. Um I think it's like three different options. Either or like a bunch of whatever so it's either don't go to school at all. Um Everything is like ritual like remote learning. So like you have to be there at a certain time but not in person um All in person or like one day yes when they know or like one week yes when we know or two weeks yes two weeks. No like super complicated.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. It makes
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: sense
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: with like some of the lessons like you kind of have to be in person to, especially with whatever how they're teaching them math these days. Um I it took me forever to like I I saw a problem of it forward whatever it is, common core or whatever and it's like this isn't this is
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: some like explaining why three plus two equals five. And I'm like it does, it just does
SPEAKER_R: mm. Right. Like I don't I don't know how to tell you. Just 3-plus 2 equals five then that's
SPEAKER_L: I think it's more for it's more for like how to do big
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: numbers or multiplication or something, where like you break it all up into different other more numbers and I just do just like in the lines like we were taught carry the one, you know, not
SPEAKER_R: yeah I have a nephew that's about to go into middle school I think. But like in all of his elementary school years like I would he would ask me for help with math homework. Never did you just do this? And you know, that's not how my teacher taught me. And I'm like, well I'm
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: teaching
SPEAKER_L: still the
SPEAKER_R: you. Yeah, I'm like well I'm teaching you a better way. So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like I the only thing I could see it helping it is when you get to like maybe calculus or some kind of like computer science or engineering, that's like big math, you have to be able to kind of break it down into small parts or like look at it differently, but when you're like six years old, it doesn't matter that
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: that's how that works,
SPEAKER_R: online programs that have all the little people explaining in the little graphics and
SPEAKER_L: or calculators for you. Uh and then trying to be that's for the teachers to that like have families that they have to go be around all these small Children. Uh Yeah, it's I'm
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: like facebook friends with a couple of my past teachers, and they're all just like, yeah, what about us? Like, can we there's something where you can like, I don't know, call in and say so, I don't know something, and it's like the teachers do that, just calling be like, sorry, I'm not coming in today.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I don't think so. I'm not really feeling it. What, what my students have it, which I mean it's true. How do you control that? Like if like the students parents don't care and they're always going out or something like how do you?
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. You never know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's really if everyone is forced to be in the classroom could be kind of hard to tell, but unless like, you know, the because like, the teachers kind of get to know parents when you suddenly emails home or whatever. So it's like they kind of know the ones that really care about their kids, like they just have to go back to work so they have no other option. Um or the ones that are just like I'm not staying at home like staying home with this kid and like no, we can go to school, it's like already trying to get some nausea touch. I mean like recess is going to go away which made
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: it happen like but still it's like for a small kid like that's when that's when they get the energy out, so they're just cooped up in a room like and I can't, I would hate to be
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: teacher trying to figure out like a lesson plan, but they do a lot of like hands on stuff like using material stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Certain thing. I can't imagine having to learn science just like reading things and not being able to do like fun experiments. Oh
SPEAKER_L: I mean, you know, just give him the complete box set of Bill, nye and uh send them on their way. He's still teaching us upheld masks and stuff, but he's just really a little more ruthless about intel
SPEAKER_R: yeah, very very on the activist side
SPEAKER_L: mhm Because I've seen he's made a couple of that, like literally explained like in a bill by way of like, he had like a candle in front of him and like a mask on, it's like here, it doesn't, you know, I can't blow it out because the air is covered
SPEAKER_R: and the touch should be but people don't get it. I'll see people going out with like a tie on their face and like how is that, how is that gonna help? It covers like this much.
SPEAKER_L: But at that time,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Like like business were tight. Yeah. Yeah. I don't
SPEAKER_L: what are used to put what? That's all you could like put a towel around your face or something? Like why would
SPEAKER_R: Order.
SPEAKER_L: you bother?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I
SPEAKER_L: Would
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: you bother
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: to tie a tie and put it around your good. See those things, other people that are trying to make fun of it, like this is stupid. It's like, well, I mean you're blocking something, Oh are people that don't believe that it works? It's like okay, but what's the harm in doing it anyway? Because worst case if you're right cool, but if you're wrong, that's how you get sick. And it doesn't even if you don't get, you don't die from it. Like it doesn't sound fun in any capacity. It's an upper respiratory infection. Like you're really not feeling good. It's basically like the flu and it's like most
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: next
SPEAKER_L: have had the flu. So it's like why would you want that? Times
SPEAKER_R: flu
SPEAKER_L: 10?
SPEAKER_R: even when it's mild, it's just like at the least it's uncomfortable. Like what to food?
SPEAKER_L: when it's hot
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: out to be like being can't breathe and all that like no or have like your throat her and like you can't keep like a cold liquid cold outside or anything like that. Like it's like yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: what I think like mask wearing might I mean obviously people that really don't want to where it's like I don't like wearing it necessarily, but I'm going to do it anyway
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I mean I don't really know of anyone that likes wearing it. Your everyone is together and on this. Like we all agree that it's not the most convenient I guess. But I mean it's not like it's a big inconvenience enough for me to like not wear it
SPEAKER_L: especially with how many different kinds there are that can make it more like you can get the cheap ones. Like that's most the ones I have. Um Because my work yeah, spends 30, he's been like $10, 5 bucks in a pack of 20. I'm alive. 30 on some what it was. But like yeah, they're just real cheap piece of cloth. You can breathe just fine through it mostly. Thank you
SPEAKER_R: It's not the end of the world at the end of the day, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: people glasses but you get it tucked under enough. It's okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean I've seen some people that say that you have to like tape it down to your face, but I feel like this to her, I'd I'd rather just like let them, you know, fogged up. I don't not too big a deal. I'll just I'll get over that.
SPEAKER_L: The metal like the like more hospital ones that have like the little metal thing and they're fun if I tuck it under. But at the beginning I only a little
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: bit.
SPEAKER_R: one is the fogs of my glasses the most like, yeah, I have like a cloth mask that has like intervene double filters and it's like possible or whatever. Um And that's the one I'm using now mostly. But whenever I forget that one at home, I have like a pack of like the normal medical like white ones with the metal thing. Um And those, those are just terrible. Like those that can barely breathe in. Um Everything gets fogged of, I don't mind, but it's just
SPEAKER_L: Uh Two independent the glasses that part in the face I guess. But yeah, because at the beginning, all I have is a bandana that I like saw some video of like how to fold. It was like that's like if I really take a deep breath and like hold it in, I feel like I just lose all vision or to put in context For my like 10 2nd trip to the store. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: And now they're saying that it's not good to wear context because of the whole corona thing because like you're more prone to touch your eyes or whatever. Um Yeah, I heard an ad about it on the radio. Um and they were like, don't touch your face, don't touch your eyes of your contacts. Try not to like okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Because you have a mask and it's like and you're afraid to touch your eyes because it's like, well first of all you're supposed to wash your hands before you go poking anything in your eye anyway. Like that's literally the first thing they tell you when you're starting to get contacts. It's like whether I do, I usually do because I'll have like something on him. I don't want to get in my eye. Like I don't mess with them after they're in there. Like any
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: more
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: than I mess with my glasses.
SPEAKER_R: I just feel like people are dumb. I don't know. I think that's like the worst part of the whole virus just like, I just, I don't think I have the mental capacity to understand what is going through people's heads when they do stupid things. I think that's like the most challenging part of everything and like why I think there's a reason why I've just become like very whatever about everything. I'm like I what can you do at this point?
SPEAKER_L: Didn't realize like I knew a lot of our societal problems because we're greedy. Um but it's like I didn't realize just how many first time how many like can stoop people there, but also just how many how great it be like how petty we are. And then of course I think a lot of it because it ended up being politicized somehow. But it's still like just really, really, you can't bring yourself to due to do this, especially with the black lives matter and all that happening even more people like what is wrong with like why is this an issue for you to understand that? This is a necessity. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Here we go For less. It is less right now, but like equal
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. I don't know if people can't, I don't know, they don't have the capacity to understand it or I don't know. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: coloration getting there. We just need most of that. You just see them, you quit. That's all because they just, it's like people rattle off stuff and everyone believes everything they hear. Like do you understand either? They don't even know what they believe or it's like, do you understand how much this doesn't make sense but they don't care because it's labeled one way or another.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I just feel like people believe whatever they want to believe in whatever best suits their, their point of view or whatever they want to believe in. Even if like it doesn't make sense. Even if when you think about it logically there's there's no logic in it. They're still going to stand by it. I feel like that's how everything just got so extreme in every sense of the way. And like every single topic.
SPEAKER_L: Like I hate as much as they like try having a conversation like I can't talk to these people if they're not going to I'm happy to hear your side. I do have friends that are think differently than I do, but I can stay friends because like I I kind of understand where they're coming from. I don't agree but not cynical and like this is stupid or this is wrong or whatever. But there are also the ones that are like not resisting wearing a mask. Like making a, you know, a scene and target because they have to wear a mask. Like they do it, they don't like it, but they'll do it anyway.
SPEAKER_R: And I've seen recently a lot of people with like influence with like a lot of followers and things talking about how like this is all the hopes and like you shouldn't wear a mask because like the carbon dioxide that comes out of your body,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's for like the doctor thing came up. It's like you've been in a hospital, right? You probably but a good chance you had surgery. What do you think they're doing?
SPEAKER_R: do you think they're just operating without a mask? I
SPEAKER_L: Or just
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: like it doesn't or any situation like people that do um like woodworking sometimes or like that kind of stuff where your stuff flying up at you and they wear that so they don't like sucking sawdust. It's like they're not dying people to do that for like hours at a time. Or like some construction workers if they're doing something like wearing a mask isn't necessarily new. But also like you're not going to die from it unless you really like suction cups something to your face then. Yeah, you're going to suffocate yourself. But no I don't know people like just they're trying to go with anything to find why it's about it. It's like no it's not a hoax all these people that have died from it or it's not hoax. Like even if you think it's like Jordan like I don't anything like the government released it or something or Like 1st of all we didn't even know it existed until it started in china and then we weren't even afraid of it and I was like oh here it is, we're not gonna do anything about it.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I feel like for the most part of all the people that are saying like, oh, this is all hoax, like don't wear your mask, we're not gonna wear my mask, like their privileged enough to like never need to leave their house. So whenever they do leave their houses just because they want to be greedy or they, they just, they want to for no other reason. So it's sometimes like that and I'm like, you're not making any sense, you're just doing it because you have like the privilege of saying that like you don't know anyone maybe that has like an auto immune um disorder deficiency, so
SPEAKER_L: I'm trying out holes like I couldn't those are my family or anything. I have four siblings
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: and I have and I just saw my brother because he helped me move but like I haven't seen the rest of them by one of my sisters was pregnant so she's having a great time right now. Um
SPEAKER_R: you must be sick much anxiety to be like, damn, like, I can't do anything, I'm scared to do everything. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: People are, you're like like people are like I have I am like a giant stuffed bear to talk to you. Uh It was like people like I don't think they realized how lucky some people were, especially we were in like a big house, like I was in a small apartment like I can either go to my bedroom or the living room and that's about it, it's like you have different floors to go to, it was like to be a great time to pick up a craft, like I can't go to a craft store to get stuck because I just don't have it in my apartment. So yeah it was the people that can get all the groceries delivered and afford that and be able to do that. It's like you're literally about to be paid to stay at home like why are you having an issue with this?
SPEAKER_R: I don't get it. But for the most part of all the people that I've seen say that are like money people and they're the ones like making money from their phones. I'm like, okay, like I don't and all the viewpoints don't Corley, I don't know,
SPEAKER_L: No one makes any sense anymore. And then Kanye got all in the mix and I don't
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: mean,
SPEAKER_L: what he's talking about,
SPEAKER_R: the mental breakdown during his Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry. Yeah, foldout Harriet tubman for not actually doing anything and I was like they just made like a really good movie about her. She did a lot of things like yeah, I was like we did we didn't need him, we didn't need him to come and stir the pot.
SPEAKER_R: Right. It wasn't he planning on doing it in 2020 for either way, 100 or like, that's what I had last heard or seen or something like that, and all of a sudden he just tweets about it.
SPEAKER_L: right poor kim. Just I think just put like an american flag or something and she's like I don't agree with this. He can't even, he couldn't even run like he would have to be put it as a write in because like obviously way too late to joint like officially joined the race. Like we're getting down, I don't even know how, I don't I
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: started having primary elections, so.
SPEAKER_L: how many are left or when those are gonna be done, remember. But it should be soon because it's almost november. So sort of forgetting there. Um
SPEAKER_R: And how can you said that um him and kim wanted to aboard North that just
SPEAKER_L: I was like
SPEAKER_R: have nowhere. And I was like, where did this, This is big, This is a news bomb, like, I can't just drop that, I don't know where
SPEAKER_L: feeling, I mean, I don't follow very close, I feel like she was trying to get pregnant first of all, but it's still like, even if that was the case north is like, what, 67 now or something, like she's up there and now this is going to be all over and she's gonna here for like the rest of her life, which
SPEAKER_R: buried
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: up.
SPEAKER_L: kind of, you know, boo hoo. But also your parents are kim Kardashian and Kanye West. So I don't really, you're going to hear about a lot of things the rest of your life. Like your mom got famous for a sex tape. Like, I don't know what
SPEAKER_R: having
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: to grow up, like knowing that or being like, hey, look at this, like
SPEAKER_L: and I mean, I feel, I mean she's never going to be in like a public school so it's not like that's gonna be
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: an issue.
SPEAKER_R: And she's already like growing up into fame, like all she knows is cameras and paparazzi. So, I mean, she's probably like, oh yeah, my mom did that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's how many things color like the human activities, you know, I'm gonna wait, I'm going to engage. No one even knew she was pregnant. She just had a baby. It's like, are you cool? No.
SPEAKER_R: And that that whole family, the situation all, or just a whole big mess. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Thank God. I know what they posted something. It's like, do you want to see are like horses or something? Like all these celebrities, it's like how I'm dealing with the, with the pandemic and like, I don't care. You're in a big ass mansion. Like I do not care.
SPEAKER_R: You want, basically, so.
SPEAKER_L: That was the people that, it's like, I just want to go and do whatever thing which people do and I'm like, that's great. But you also have so much to do right where you are.
SPEAKER_R: They're like, I really want to go to Dubai, and I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: They are certainly not going to let us in. Like of all the countries, like not a chance even know who's on the list. I think Sir Canada is denying certain states apparently.
SPEAKER_R: damn,
SPEAKER_L: Like if you're from
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: or if you're in like the hotspots, like in the main cities of those states,
SPEAKER_R: new york California, that makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: I can't imagine more.
SPEAKER_R: What happened? Right, right.
SPEAKER_L: Looking for a while.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think we've I think we've reached our limit on time. It was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: At the time. This class vent everything available virus me. I've known resort back tonight and uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I think so. Okay, Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Nice
SPEAKER_R: bye.
SPEAKER_L: night.