Hi.
How are you?
I'm good. Mhm.
Hi, I'm Danny.
I don't know. Um, What are some of your favorite hobbies? What that
Okay. Okay. Good. A good list.
Um Well like, I feel like it's changed a lot in quarantine. I used to be a lot like more active and crafty and you think that spending more time at home, I would be even more, but no, I'm just like super lazy anapa lot. Um, Unfortunately, I've been watching a lot of Tiktok two, horrible, terrible, ashamed. Um, Holy, I mean, I'd like to do a lot of things, but recently it's just been like, don't have the energy.
Yeah. How's everything like with corona going for you? Has it affected you a lot?
Damn.
Damn
it.
Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah.
So you have to have your commencement ceremony online? How did that work?
Oh, sorry to hear that. So I'm halfway through like my college, so it wasn't as bad for me. Just more so convenience. But
from moving
south, I'm currently doing public relations and marketing. So I mean they're both like intertwined and you have to learn about both whether you like it or not. Not really a pr person. I'm not really do like more marketing advertising, but no, no,
no.
Uh I'm not sure. I've won some point. I want to work for a sports team, like their social media. Um And so I want to work for Disney.
long term I would want to, I have my own business doing something. I just don't know what
thank you think. I mean they're all like to say, yeah, I want to do that today, but I haven't really done anything concrete towards those. But
that's true. That's true. What did you major in graduating?
What are you gonna do with that?
That's awesome. That's really, really cool. My folks, his friends wants to be a bit. Um So she's always talking to me about how her studies are doing and stuff. She wants to have her own farm. Um And then somewhere super secluded so that's pretty cute.
Yeah that's that's a lot.
So
right now sorry
now in like unemployed you're not
doing
Fine. Fine.
I feel that times are tough. It's not easy.
I
favorite things how when everything ended in March everyone's like it's only gonna be one one month and we'll be back
and now we're
all
yeah that's true. If anyone if everyone everyone everyone in the entire world you know he was then boom but well now we're here a couple months in not going on to the end.
Yeah it's like well now what do I do? And I mean I I would like to go I mean to the gym but I also don't want to have to go and risk myself. Like I've driven back then I see everyone wearing their masks, it's like underneath their mouths because they're like, I can't, I mean, I get it, it's hard to breathe like exercise, but I just don't trust it.
Children,
my people that my car just broke and every day I like roll down the windows and hope that I can breathe just like sweating nonstop and it's it's terrible. Not at one time.
Yeah, I'm I'm having the worst time. I literally have to like put I mean, I already did because of corona and stuff, but like anything that I wear, I get home and I'm drenched, I'm like, okay, it's to wash
actually
You're like, I'm good for like the next month.
Yes. How was moving into like a new apartment or help walk this like with all of corona or did it or?
Just take extra precautions.
Yeah. Yeah. I actually had a terrible, terrible choice today. I went to forever 21 and I walked in and everyone's looking so weird and I was like, what is up? Then? I go, I don't know ribs. I think I was on the phone and I was laughing and I went to I think cover my mouth and I realized I don't have my mask on and that's why everyone was so weird. I never felt so ashamed. They probably thought I was one of those like crazy people that think that everything is a hoax. I mean, I do think there's some such about the virus is very much real in my opinion, like close friends that are like very affected by it. So I'm like, I'm not, I'm just not gonna mess with that. Um So I hope that I hope that I'm fine, but now everyone thinks that I'm crazy or I don't know what, so
weird
what happened to me? I had it in my pocket because I was like, I can't forget it and then uh huh Yeah.
Yeah, I think everyone that I saw had a mask on, which is good. I'm kind of surprised. No one said anything like that to get in. They had the door locked so to get like when you, you have to just wait at the door for them to unlock it and if you hand sanitizer and the lady gave me hand sanitizer, I was like, oh, thank you and shouldn't say anything. I mean she looked a little scared, but I was like, I'm who knows why,
but
wire may be right,
And our, sorry,
it was weird. I don't know. And everyone was staring at me and I was like what is up? Like is there a problem? I felt so ashamed. Yeah.
I agree. I just feel like a lot of people or they're not taking seriously and they're like, it's my friends like they probably don't have corona. If they say they don't have corona, they don't have corona. Like I don't know how they got tested. Do you know that?
I don't know.
Born
That's scary. And I I don't think I hoped I wouldn't die for if I get it. I mean I don't that's not like a worry might I do it say more for like the people that live with. Um and like I have a there's like a baby at home so like I wouldn't want because like they also they don't really feel much of it but then they get like a different complication after like being exposed to the virus from like damn
my people make such a big deal out of it and people who say that Um like Oh I can wear this, it's so bad for you to breathe in like those toxins or whatever. Like what do you think doctors do when they have a 14 hour long surgery? Are they gonna die? I don't get the logic,
it doesn't make any sense. Or the funniest thing is people that were in their cars like what? Mhm. Who else is in the car? I mean if it's like an Uber driver I get it but like I'll see them alone and like what's the point? Yeah.
If you're alone. Yeah I don't I don't get the point. People there are people taking into every extreme.
Yeah. Like it deals with those, I don't I don't know.
But like everything is like it's only 99 Mortality rate or something. I mean 1% 99% survival rate like whatever. And I'm like where you where these numbers coming from?
It's not
worsen.
if
my math is correct
and like how do you control that? Like the kids, like even if they were mass like eventually like a lot of them, especially the younger ones might not understand they're going to take it off, they're going to touch each other, they're gonna touch your mouth like inside the mask or something. And how do you control that?
Well,
Under two
I think.
paul.
And then you see a mass and you're like, oh trust
me.
Well,
oh I doubt it. I doubt it's really crazy. Everything honestly.
Um directly. Um My whole family has been fine. I worked at a clothing store like a small boutique and never like me and it's only like me and my boss super small but never been affected. Um We've had customers that come into like I just tested negative and my God. Um Yeah. No, thank God. Just like people that I that I know of are like close friends but apart from that, like not directly. Um and I'm not scared because of the way everyone makes it sound like is like at some point everyone's gonna get infected. So because I'm just like uh I don't know how to take that. So do I take offense when I
No.
You can't.
Yeah. And then not knowing like I just hear a lot of information from everywhere. Like everyone is saying everything at the same time. So I don't know who to trust. I don't know what the reliable sources are. Like, how do I find that out? Um
And now like I heard. Yeah, I know. But like, like people like will restate information and like tim like now I have to like verify if you're right or not because you just want to say whatever you want to say. Um But apparently now, like people are saying um that they've been experiencing um like symptoms, a lot of symptoms after they get corona. Like a lot of people have had corona already are getting terrible migraines afterwards. Um Every single dynamic, goddamn it.
Well.
And
it is, yeah.
maybe it's like a placebo effect. Like maybe someone that already suffers from migraines are like, oh my God, corona gave me migraines and then everyone's like, oh my God, I'm gonna get migraines. And then from stressing out to get migraines, like that's what I mean, like how do I how do we bear by this? Like there's enough information and everything.
And like
apparently
there's a
yeah, apparently there's a flu going around to now and sometimes like my throat go random here and I'm like this is it, this is it and I'm fine, I'm fine to this day, but I'm like damn, it was nice while it lasted I guess. Company.
retreat loves.
Yeah. Or they work for a second as soon as, as soon as they can take it off, even those people around those take it off so. Oh
yeah.
What?
Yeah. No 100% um in my job, everything that sounds like high end like rich people things I guess. Um we still mask for like $30-$35 and I'm like and I mean they're like okay in my opinion, but um like we posted it on the store and people so many, we talked so many times like oh my god, we can get one and she's like a mask with a patch, you can bye bye. Mask on Etsy and the patch on a T. For like very cheap and then just bring it on. Not that big a deal, but I'm like yeah just totally get it
and people baffles my mind is that everyone that's rich right now apparently is making a lot more money than they did before, so no one cares about spending and since all of those rich rich people are like they're not wasting money on vacations or on like restaurants, they have so much money to spend. Crazy. I'm like,
yeah, I'm like, I mean, I'm not like super suffering, but I'm not like blowing my cash either. That's
Oh yeah, I know. It's the quantities retail therapy has been my Oh yes.
no,
we got
we
before
and then.
Did you
see?
Does something I feel like I just lost my appetite. Like sometimes I just won't eat dinner super unhealthy. I just, I'm just like, uh I don't know.
Yeah. It's like mentally mental exhaustion, like I'm just so much.
Already
after?
No,
that
was that was the Ufo. Well, also what happened to the murder hornets Like?
Never talked about it again. I talked to it that it was like that that's one of the plot holes in 2020. They introduced uh murder hornets or whatever and never resolved the story We're probably gonna hear about in the last season of 2020.
If it
were
like bring them here to Corona or something, something like really crazy.
I don't know. I also read that this year is like a record breaking hurricane season or something. I was like great, great, the world
is just falling apart.
Sorry what,
sewing
a texas I think.
I don't
know.
Yeah. You know the world is not a great place right now?
Another black hole
Just like start over in 2021. Forget 2020 happened.
I
don't
know
Honestly. 20 compared now like 2019 was a beautiful year. I wish we had a bag. Thinking back. I'm like, Wow, I did not enjoy 2019 enough.
Why? Like compared to everything else has been like beautiful sunshine and daisies.
pretty open. Everyone's chilling. Everyone's going to school. I don't see why we have a problem. I mean, I see why we have a problem but I don't see why we have to have a problem. I don't get it.
I mean and we like we've like the USA has always been a joke and now now more than ever now that solidified.
No.
Like
clients are like, oh I just had to reschedule my flight and I'm like, must be nice.
What's the point?
Something's not
Winter.
Yeah. No, exactly. One of our clients today came in and she told us that she had just gone to Tennessee, like a small town I think, and that like no one there was wearing mask. She was the only one wearing a mask. Um And everyone was looking at her weird because they're like, what are you doing? And everyone just like gathered together and I was like, wow, that's it's crazy.
we'll just have a staycation in my backyard collar today.
careful in
sunday.
Well, yeah.
Well,
Yeah. Something else comes up and I'm like, oh cool. I guess. All right. If
you see.
I agree. I'm terrible. I mean, I've always thought I was gonna dancer and then I see all these like 14 year olds do it and I'm like, how do you do it so fast, Like damn,
I
need
to.
I think that bothers me the most they already look mean, wow. I don't know. Okay. I don't know how, but we really had that. We really had to go through it in our younger
younger times.
Yeah. Yeah. Not the way they do,
Mhm. Damn. When I was in first grade and not even, maybe when I was like in fourth grade, they were like, this is like our big rundown computer can use Internet explorer. Um
Chairwoman.
yeah, and then I go, that's funny, I just I'll go back to my ipad and I'm like, okay.
Right. I don't know. I don't know. It's how complicated um here in like the schools by me or from like what I've heard from like parents is that most of them are offering. Um I think it's like three different options. Either or like a bunch of whatever so it's either don't go to school at all. Um Everything is like ritual like remote learning. So like you have to be there at a certain time but not in person um All in person or like one day yes when they know or like one week yes when we know or two weeks yes two weeks. No like super complicated.
I
would
all
mm. Right. Like I don't I don't know how to tell you. Just 3-plus 2 equals five then that's
But
yeah I have a nephew that's about to go into middle school I think. But like in all of his elementary school years like I would he would ask me for help with math homework. Never did you just do this? And you know, that's not how my teacher taught me. And I'm like, well I'm
teaching
you. Yeah, I'm like well I'm teaching you a better way. So yeah.
you
online programs that have all the little people explaining in the little graphics and
And
yeah, I don't think so. I'm not really feeling it. What, what my students have it, which I mean it's true. How do you control that? Like if like the students parents don't care and they're always going out or something like how do you?
I don't know. You never know.
there.
Well,
Certain thing. I can't imagine having to learn science just like reading things and not being able to do like fun experiments. Oh
yeah, very very on the activist side
and the touch should be but people don't get it. I'll see people going out with like a tie on their face and like how is that, how is that gonna help? It covers like this much.
Yeah. Yeah. Like like business were tight. Yeah. Yeah. I don't
Order.
I don't know. I
don't
know.
but
next
flu
even when it's mild, it's just like at the least it's uncomfortable. Like what to food?
It's
just
Oh yeah, I mean I don't really know of anyone that likes wearing it. Your everyone is together and on this. Like we all agree that it's not the most convenient I guess. But I mean it's not like it's a big inconvenience enough for me to like not wear it
It's not the end of the world at the end of the day, so. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean I've seen some people that say that you have to like tape it down to your face, but I feel like this to her, I'd I'd rather just like let them, you know, fogged up. I don't not too big a deal. I'll just I'll get over that.
That
one is the fogs of my glasses the most like, yeah, I have like a cloth mask that has like intervene double filters and it's like possible or whatever. Um And that's the one I'm using now mostly. But whenever I forget that one at home, I have like a pack of like the normal medical like white ones with the metal thing. Um And those, those are just terrible. Like those that can barely breathe in. Um Everything gets fogged of, I don't mind, but it's just
And now they're saying that it's not good to wear context because of the whole corona thing because like you're more prone to touch your eyes or whatever. Um Yeah, I heard an ad about it on the radio. Um and they were like, don't touch your face, don't touch your eyes of your contacts. Try not to like okay.
I
don't know.
I just feel like people are dumb. I don't know. I think that's like the worst part of the whole virus just like, I just, I don't think I have the mental capacity to understand what is going through people's heads when they do stupid things. I think that's like the most challenging part of everything and like why I think there's a reason why I've just become like very whatever about everything. I'm like I what can you do at this point?
Yeah.
Right. Right. I don't know if people can't, I don't know, they don't have the capacity to understand it or I don't know. I don't know.
Yeah. I just feel like people believe whatever they want to believe in whatever best suits their, their point of view or whatever they want to believe in. Even if like it doesn't make sense. Even if when you think about it logically there's there's no logic in it. They're still going to stand by it. I feel like that's how everything just got so extreme in every sense of the way. And like every single topic.
And I've seen recently a lot of people with like influence with like a lot of followers and things talking about how like this is all the hopes and like you shouldn't wear a mask because like the carbon dioxide that comes out of your body,
do you think they're just operating without a mask? I
don't know.
yeah. I feel like for the most part of all the people that are saying like, oh, this is all hoax, like don't wear your mask, we're not gonna wear my mask, like their privileged enough to like never need to leave their house. So whenever they do leave their houses just because they want to be greedy or they, they just, they want to for no other reason. So it's sometimes like that and I'm like, you're not making any sense, you're just doing it because you have like the privilege of saying that like you don't know anyone maybe that has like an auto immune um disorder deficiency, so
No,
you must be sick much anxiety to be like, damn, like, I can't do anything, I'm scared to do everything. Mhm.
I don't get it. But for the most part of all the people that I've seen say that are like money people and they're the ones like making money from their phones. I'm like, okay, like I don't and all the viewpoints don't Corley, I don't know,
I
mean,
the mental breakdown during his Yeah.
Right. It wasn't he planning on doing it in 2020 for either way, 100 or like, that's what I had last heard or seen or something like that, and all of a sudden he just tweets about it.
I mean,
it
started having primary elections, so.
And how can you said that um him and kim wanted to aboard North that just
have nowhere. And I was like, where did this, This is big, This is a news bomb, like, I can't just drop that, I don't know where
buried
up.
having
to grow up, like knowing that or being like, hey, look at this, like
what?
And she's already like growing up into fame, like all she knows is cameras and paparazzi. So, I mean, she's probably like, oh yeah, my mom did that. Yeah.
And that that whole family, the situation all, or just a whole big mess. Okay.
You want, basically, so.
They're like, I really want to go to Dubai, and I'm like,
damn,
I
new york California, that makes sense.
What happened? Right, right.
Yeah. I think we've I think we've reached our limit on time. It was nice talking to you.
I don't know. I think so. Okay, Yeah,
bye.