Hi,
Good. I read.
I'm Emily, what's your name?
I'm nice to meet you. Um Everything you want to talk about.
Mhm. And that's about it.
Yeah. I play with my friends dog, but other than that I smoke. What about you?
No, same.
Uh Well it hit me, it hit my last semester of college before
I graduated. So it took away a couple of clubs. I was in an internship. I had all my classes went online and then graduation was also online, so
beginning
part kind of sucked a little bit
not.
They remember they did some kind of a cast like they had them uh do it over a video where they were all like really spaced out. They um just announced like each college that way and it was like they gave the they had a student give the speech and then president of the university gave the speech and that was, that was pretty much I was alone in my apartment with my little Captain Castle and I just kinda moved it just.
What
are you studying?
it do
no like kind of specifically what you want to do with that or just in general?
Of course. Uh
That's awesome. All great ambitions to have.
You got plenty of time.
Animal science.
I want to go into animal cruelty investigation.
I that's that's that's a lot of extra science classes and things that I was not one to take for to be previous but yeah.
Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah all the animal places either like shelters and things mostly either ran out of animals or they like we're downsizing shouldn't have as many people in offices so trying to find a job in one of those was also not helpful. Also
definitely
mm There you go you go.
I
am part time delivering pizzas. Yeah.
And in the process of getting a second job somewhere and also a part time just to make better money than that.
Yeah, not a, not a fun time and it just, it just keeps on going and
nothing.
It
could
have been.
Yeah, I kind of run out of an excuse to like not be like go to a gym or be in shape and it's like, oh, it's quarantine. It's like it's fine. But now it's like we're several months into quarantine and need to not be unhealthy.
it's been like 90° every single day and humid where I am. So it's
like, I can't even like go for a walk outside either, so yeah.
Oh, that would be awful right now. Is the FBI a Seabrook?
Pretty much. It doesn't, especially um I just moved into a new apartment. So I've been like making several trips with heavy stuff up and down a bunch of stairs, so I'm just like two trips in and outside and I'm like, okay,
this is I got plenty of exercise in the last week of just running up and down stairs.
Yes. Yeah. Or the year, you know, very close.
It wasn't, it wasn't too bad with that. I mean it's just me and I have to I had to wear a mask while I was in like the leasing office and stuff. But um for the most, like my family helped me move, but I did most of it myself and it's permission only additional annoyances that everyone was wearing masks and we tried not to like touch too many doors and you can help it. Um But it's not too bad. It was just a lot of trips to make and all that. But it was pretty much the same as I imagined it would have been without corona.
Yeah, pretty much from and I more like more concerned about like cleaning. They did clean this place before I moved in but like kind of extra cleaning like doing it like a once over again just like be safe and doing like door handles and stuff like that was show. But it's becoming so normal now like it doesn't even feel weird anymore.
Yeah. It's yeah
I've I go where especially um when I'm at work after where it's like make the delivery stuff and it's like around my chin so much people when I take it off like it still feels like it's there. Then I like feel and like oh it's not there anymore. Good to know or I'll have it like in my hand, I forgot to put it on my face before I like go somewhere. But there's some
that's what I mean. I guess it's kind of a good thing that most people there had a mask on and we're like
that's
where there might not be one of the storks. I um
I don't think they were crying. I don't know who requires. I don't know how like clothing stores like Target and Kroger, like they'll require them now. But I don't know. It could have just been. Hello because I guess they're monitoring like the numbers of how many people are in the store with that. But yeah, I don't know. It's a present
where they take that big of precaution and not also make you wear a mask, but
people the like just going out and not going out but like driving around. Especially because I'm like in a downtown kind of area. So it's like I just see people crowding bars and stuff would know mask on. Like what are you doing? This is this is why our numbers keeps like why we can't open everything again. Oh yes, we have. But yeah.
Yeah like my
my friend that has a dog works um in a hospital. So it's like they get tested like temperature tested every day. It's like I know she doesn't and she's the only person that I see. Um but I have another friend that has, that was my roommate before I moved has type one diabetes. So he also moved back with his parents. So I've been alone in that apartment that I was in for the last few months. But um it's like him and my dad also has diabetes. So it's like I worked like it's like for them, it's like the people especially living with him for several months, it's like I know how like things hit him and his immune system is down because it's fighting itself essentially. So it's like I I wear it for them and my parents, both my parents are in their 60s, so it's like
not that someone in their perfectly healthy in their twenties can't hi from it either, so Justin.
Mhm. Yeah, I don't there's also so much we don't know. And then like new things come out every time someone like, oh this is a new symptom and it's like yeah, I just it's really not hard to put a piece of cloth of your face or a bandana or something, like it's really not.
like it's not suction cup to your face, like you can still breathe and then there's a lot of people complaining, you have to wear one to like Disney World. Like then don't go to Disney World right now. Like,
So I did that once and I say um was able to let my diabetic friend escape from his house for a minute and like he was in the back of the car so like if no one can see him then it's like they can't see that. But no, it's like I there's no reason to wear one while you're gonna if you're alone
I don't know. I've pretty much yeah big issue like they politicized. It's now it's like making a statement if you wear ones like the statement is that you care about someone besides yourself or care about yourself who like it's protecting you. Like why would you want?
Another.
Yeah but they but also When you have millions of people that have had it, that 1% becomes thousands. Like it's not just especially
what
When they said with like kids going back to school in the fall like like Children and they were like only like .9% of them are gonna probably gonna die. I'm like you're
a little problem with this.
That's like
yeah. I mean even now
I think the mandate even for some stores it's like any child
they
oh two. I heard one of them was like eight or something. Doesn't have to wear one. But it just depend on state or something. But yeah, I was very remember I might have just been like targets rule or something else. But it was like I understand trying to keep it on a child but you know, you've had this long to train them but still yeah, going back to school. I think my like high school school districts, I think if they're making it optional. Think like you can either take them to school, you can do distance learning or you can home school them or something. Like they're giving them the option and I guess they'll I don't know quite how that's gonna work. They might just like zoom
class. But then if you can't stay home with your kids then um you can send them but like they're taking precautions so it's like it's like yeah give people the option, you actually can't do it then like because people have to work and go back. They can so uh I feel like yeah just send them all in their fine. I would hate to be like Just so I feel like you could just feel like a fever dream when you're older and like in your 30s, like did I dream that with that actually happened?
Is that
really like I've, but then I'm so used to it, especially like, I don't even know if once it's gone, if they would like stop having that as a thing for like making deliveries or for Uber drivers or something. But
I'm sure it would eventually in a couple of years or something, but foreseeable future, they're not going anywhere.
Has it affected you at all my personal?
Yeah. It feels like
I, you know, so I was like, I will wear wear the mask where I have to but I'm not super cautious like
because I think I'll be okay relatively. Um but it's still so many new things are coming up about it that it's like very hard to tell.
scientists.
Really? That would be, that's probably some unknown side effect. Whatever the treatment is. I don't even know what the treatment
is like. And they kind of did
something,
but it's to manage the symptoms until it goes away in a couple weeks or something is really all now.
especially with like it being when it hit, it was like really deep into like allergy season. So it's like, you're trying not to like cough or sneeze. And I'm like, I swear I'm not sick, but I really need to call for it now.
That's
when you really
get the head turns.
I it's like every little thing, which like, I mean in the morning to it's like, I'll have like, actually I haven't talked for a minute and I was like, oh, I think it's kind of dry or whatever. And it was like, it was like around yesterday like happened
Like I mean I just want something different tonight actually, but like they right like you have to wear a mask in their restaurants been very good about like spacing people out. I believe in like a few of them here and there. But it's still like they're doing what they need to whether they're happy about or not. I don't know. But there at least being forced to do something. But then there's still like, you know, the people that just like should some officials come in, they have a mask on, but it's not actually like on their face.
Uh People
with
went out of their way to make them all like cute stuff like you can it's it's literally like a fashion accessory at this point.
I already don't like you.
I don't
yeah, I'm trying not to anyway, but
God I don't just like food because I get it. I mean they're like really tired or whatever, especially moving. I'm like I don't I don't even have like the biggest frying pan I have is like this big. So like I don't I have other ones like coming in the mail but like they're not curious, like I can't even
make anything. So it's like yeah but Wendy's looks really good right now,
especially since I get um like cashed at the end of
the night when I'm done working. So I just have like random cash. I'm like well You know it's $5, it's coming
up,
not the best choices but that's just because I'm putting it up to that I'm just moving and
haven't
had time to actually cook. So. Uh huh.
I usually don't even eat until like six p.m. or something. I'm just like not hungry I'm so like over everything and like exhausted. Um
Especially at the beginning because I was still trying to like find a place to live and then it's like I can't go anywhere to do certain things. It did make that process a little harder and more stressful and all that. But yeah like I'm just like so mentally exhausted and then like people come up with new stuff
like they
you know as you kept going with murder hornets and whatever else. But that the I think the government just got something from another planet or something or something
on earth
made.
Don't know they were here and then they were
Mhm. They just make another experience.
I
mean we're doing like the next thing on the list would be like aliens of some sort of just kind of popping up and remember I like take me away like go ahead. Okay.
Yeah. I I don't even know like there's I've forgotten like all the crazy things that have happened this year. Like there's just so many that just then disappear randomly. Ah
we had,
I don't know where we and
her.
I think a hurricane just hit somewhere.
Okay. And then
there
were earthquakes in California last night. So yeah,
at one point we were supposed to be getting some kind of sandstorm from south America or something. I don't know where that went.
I don't know. I just not a clue. I just want the year to. But even in the years over like
And everyone was like hell we need to get out of 2019. It's been really really bad. Like 2020s, everyone's years. It's like
no
it's
not
No, I even, I remember why, I don't remember why I was bad or why any year was bad.
It just really sucks. Was like we really could have been done with this like a month ago. Like all the other countries in europe that we're all,
I don't because we just and then you think about it like we look like the biggest joke to the entire world, but then everyone's full of pride and I'm like for what? We look so stupid.
Come on. Like yeah this wasn't like all of those countries have banned us from visiting them now, Which I mean I wasn't planning on doing it, but anyone that wanted to book that like $100 flight to Italy you can't do that,
but they're
they're cheap.
Why are you flying? Unless you like. There is no reason. I found a couple of my um family members go to florida and I'm like, why?
Like, yeah, I know you want to go on vacation. Like my uh, one of my brothers as a doctor so he can afford to do. So I got like private.
How sun, like a beach in like Delaware or something. So like they were very secluded from everyone. But then my uh sister with her family all went down to one of the keys in florida. Like what are you doing?
Like there's a lot of states you can visit that are more in the middle of the go to Montana. They got real low numbers.
I wouldn't be surprised. Yeah, I would not want to go to any like Southern state right now. It seems like a bad plan for visiting, but I also don't really want to go anywhere. That's not right.
You have a balcony now. Go sit on that.
Give me
a little turn your lights out there right now. But I can get some.
Uh huh. Sure, this is real.
I'm so numb to it anymore. Like, cool. This happened. Nice
system.
See that's where, you know, Tiktok got really big at the right time because it just really either that makes fun of all of it or it really helps explain it better or it just gives me dances to learn. Mhm.
They don't
go
through
an awkward phase anymore. It's really not fair.
No,
we didn't have like phones and entering much internet.
No. Now where it's like, like my five year old, 6, 7 something young niece has like, they used like ipad, like some kind of tablet in their class. And she was in like first grade. Like they give them to the main class and they like do stuff on them.
Of course killer.
But then kids will never know like the joy of having, you know, like the big cart that came over like a tv that they were going to play some like VHS tape on. Yeah, they don't they don't get that. They watch whatever it is on their tablet or whatever, like that's what they're like smart boards for the best technology in the world and now they're just like a joke.
But see like half their, half the new learning is online anyways, why can't all of it just be online for the kids that can stay home and just don't send them in?
Okay. It makes
sense
with like some of the lessons like you kind of have to be in person to, especially with whatever how they're teaching them math these days. Um I it took me forever to like I I saw a problem of it forward whatever it is, common core or whatever and it's like this isn't this is
some like explaining why three plus two equals five. And I'm like it does, it just does
I think it's more for it's more for like how to do big
numbers or multiplication or something, where like you break it all up into different other more numbers and I just do just like in the lines like we were taught carry the one, you know, not
it's
still the
like I the only thing I could see it helping it is when you get to like maybe calculus or some kind of like computer science or engineering, that's like big math, you have to be able to kind of break it down into small parts or like look at it differently, but when you're like six years old, it doesn't matter that
that's how that works,
or calculators for you. Uh and then trying to be that's for the teachers to that like have families that they have to go be around all these small Children. Uh Yeah, it's I'm
like facebook friends with a couple of my past teachers, and they're all just like, yeah, what about us? Like, can we there's something where you can like, I don't know, call in and say so, I don't know something, and it's like the teachers do that, just calling be like, sorry, I'm not coming in today.
You
Yeah, that's really if everyone is forced to be in the classroom could be kind of hard to tell, but unless like, you know, the because like, the teachers kind of get to know parents when you suddenly emails home or whatever. So it's like they kind of know the ones that really care about their kids, like they just have to go back to work so they have no other option. Um or the ones that are just like I'm not staying at home like staying home with this kid and like no, we can go to school, it's like already trying to get some nausea touch. I mean like recess is going to go away which made
it happen like but still it's like for a small kid like that's when that's when they get the energy out, so they're just cooped up in a room like and I can't, I would hate to be
teacher trying to figure out like a lesson plan, but they do a lot of like hands on stuff like using material stuff.
I mean, you know, just give him the complete box set of Bill, nye and uh send them on their way. He's still teaching us upheld masks and stuff, but he's just really a little more ruthless about intel
mhm Because I've seen he's made a couple of that, like literally explained like in a bill by way of like, he had like a candle in front of him and like a mask on, it's like here, it doesn't, you know, I can't blow it out because the air is covered
But at that time,
what are used to put what? That's all you could like put a towel around your face or something? Like why would
you bother?
Would
you bother
to tie a tie and put it around your good. See those things, other people that are trying to make fun of it, like this is stupid. It's like, well, I mean you're blocking something, Oh are people that don't believe that it works? It's like okay, but what's the harm in doing it anyway? Because worst case if you're right cool, but if you're wrong, that's how you get sick. And it doesn't even if you don't get, you don't die from it. Like it doesn't sound fun in any capacity. It's an upper respiratory infection. Like you're really not feeling good. It's basically like the flu and it's like most
people
have had the flu. So it's like why would you want that? Times
10?
when it's hot
out to be like being can't breathe and all that like no or have like your throat her and like you can't keep like a cold liquid cold outside or anything like that. Like it's like yeah, that's
what I think like mask wearing might I mean obviously people that really don't want to where it's like I don't like wearing it necessarily, but I'm going to do it anyway
especially with how many different kinds there are that can make it more like you can get the cheap ones. Like that's most the ones I have. Um Because my work yeah, spends 30, he's been like $10, 5 bucks in a pack of 20. I'm alive. 30 on some what it was. But like yeah, they're just real cheap piece of cloth. You can breathe just fine through it mostly. Thank you
people glasses but you get it tucked under enough. It's okay.
The metal like the like more hospital ones that have like the little metal thing and they're fun if I tuck it under. But at the beginning I only a little
bit.
Uh Two independent the glasses that part in the face I guess. But yeah, because at the beginning, all I have is a bandana that I like saw some video of like how to fold. It was like that's like if I really take a deep breath and like hold it in, I feel like I just lose all vision or to put in context For my like 10 2nd trip to the store. Uh huh.
Yeah. Because you have a mask and it's like and you're afraid to touch your eyes because it's like, well first of all you're supposed to wash your hands before you go poking anything in your eye anyway. Like that's literally the first thing they tell you when you're starting to get contacts. It's like whether I do, I usually do because I'll have like something on him. I don't want to get in my eye. Like I don't mess with them after they're in there. Like any
more
than I mess with my glasses.
Didn't realize like I knew a lot of our societal problems because we're greedy. Um but it's like I didn't realize just how many first time how many like can stoop people there, but also just how many how great it be like how petty we are. And then of course I think a lot of it because it ended up being politicized somehow. But it's still like just really, really, you can't bring yourself to due to do this, especially with the black lives matter and all that happening even more people like what is wrong with like why is this an issue for you to understand that? This is a necessity. Yeah. Yeah.
Here we go For less. It is less right now, but like equal
coloration getting there. We just need most of that. You just see them, you quit. That's all because they just, it's like people rattle off stuff and everyone believes everything they hear. Like do you understand either? They don't even know what they believe or it's like, do you understand how much this doesn't make sense but they don't care because it's labeled one way or another.
Like I hate as much as they like try having a conversation like I can't talk to these people if they're not going to I'm happy to hear your side. I do have friends that are think differently than I do, but I can stay friends because like I I kind of understand where they're coming from. I don't agree but not cynical and like this is stupid or this is wrong or whatever. But there are also the ones that are like not resisting wearing a mask. Like making a, you know, a scene and target because they have to wear a mask. Like they do it, they don't like it, but they'll do it anyway.
Yeah, that's for like the doctor thing came up. It's like you've been in a hospital, right? You probably but a good chance you had surgery. What do you think they're doing?
Or just
like it doesn't or any situation like people that do um like woodworking sometimes or like that kind of stuff where your stuff flying up at you and they wear that so they don't like sucking sawdust. It's like they're not dying people to do that for like hours at a time. Or like some construction workers if they're doing something like wearing a mask isn't necessarily new. But also like you're not going to die from it unless you really like suction cups something to your face then. Yeah, you're going to suffocate yourself. But no I don't know people like just they're trying to go with anything to find why it's about it. It's like no it's not a hoax all these people that have died from it or it's not hoax. Like even if you think it's like Jordan like I don't anything like the government released it or something or Like 1st of all we didn't even know it existed until it started in china and then we weren't even afraid of it and I was like oh here it is, we're not gonna do anything about it.
I'm trying out holes like I couldn't those are my family or anything. I have four siblings
and I have and I just saw my brother because he helped me move but like I haven't seen the rest of them by one of my sisters was pregnant so she's having a great time right now. Um
People are, you're like like people are like I have I am like a giant stuffed bear to talk to you. Uh It was like people like I don't think they realized how lucky some people were, especially we were in like a big house, like I was in a small apartment like I can either go to my bedroom or the living room and that's about it, it's like you have different floors to go to, it was like to be a great time to pick up a craft, like I can't go to a craft store to get stuck because I just don't have it in my apartment. So yeah it was the people that can get all the groceries delivered and afford that and be able to do that. It's like you're literally about to be paid to stay at home like why are you having an issue with this?
No one makes any sense anymore. And then Kanye got all in the mix and I don't
know
what he's talking about,
I'm sorry. Yeah, foldout Harriet tubman for not actually doing anything and I was like they just made like a really good movie about her. She did a lot of things like yeah, I was like we did we didn't need him, we didn't need him to come and stir the pot.
right poor kim. Just I think just put like an american flag or something and she's like I don't agree with this. He can't even, he couldn't even run like he would have to be put it as a write in because like obviously way too late to joint like officially joined the race. Like we're getting down, I don't even know how, I don't I
don't
know
how many are left or when those are gonna be done, remember. But it should be soon because it's almost november. So sort of forgetting there. Um
I was like
feeling, I mean, I don't follow very close, I feel like she was trying to get pregnant first of all, but it's still like, even if that was the case north is like, what, 67 now or something, like she's up there and now this is going to be all over and she's gonna here for like the rest of her life, which
like
kind of, you know, boo hoo. But also your parents are kim Kardashian and Kanye West. So I don't really, you're going to hear about a lot of things the rest of your life. Like your mom got famous for a sex tape. Like, I don't know what
to
and I mean, I feel, I mean she's never going to be in like a public school so it's not like that's gonna be
an issue.
Yeah. That's how many things color like the human activities, you know, I'm gonna wait, I'm going to engage. No one even knew she was pregnant. She just had a baby. It's like, are you cool? No.
Thank God. I know what they posted something. It's like, do you want to see are like horses or something? Like all these celebrities, it's like how I'm dealing with the, with the pandemic and like, I don't care. You're in a big ass mansion. Like I do not care.
That was the people that, it's like, I just want to go and do whatever thing which people do and I'm like, that's great. But you also have so much to do right where you are.
They are certainly not going to let us in. Like of all the countries, like not a chance even know who's on the list. I think Sir Canada is denying certain states apparently.
Like if you're from
or if you're in like the hotspots, like in the main cities of those states,
I can't imagine more.
Looking for a while.
At the time. This class vent everything available virus me. I've known resort back tonight and uh huh.
Nice
night.