Hello?
What's going on there?
Pretty good.
How are you enjoying your monday so far?
Really low key because it's been raining since nine PM yesterday Uh constantly. I got woken up at 5:30 this morning by a big clap of thunder. And I've been up since. Yeah. Mhm. And
all
Are you ah you from America, I assume.
Yeah, I'm from Minnesota
Minnesota
Washington state. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. All right. All
right, man. I wanted to live in Washington state. I think it's beautiful up there. It's actually quite similar to Minnesota in a lot of ways.
Well, there's I'm wrong on this that like hiking and like trees
and
all.
I don't think you all got the sea, but we got like the biggest lake in um north America, like support. Right?
Or is there an order? It has to be bigger ones in Canada. Right. So the biggest in America is like security. Yeah. Yeah, man.
It's interesting for me. I uh I was living up in a in uh in the twin cities area. Um And then my lease went up so I had to I was like I don't really trust moving in with a new person right now so I moved back home so I'm living now. Yeah.
What big money also just you know make sure that my mom and dad are okay and everything like that. That was important when I was deciding what to do originally I was gonna move to Chicago, covid hit and then I was like all right I guess I'm staying here.
Yeah. Not a great idea to go to the third largest city in America.
You know they've been handling it pretty good. I have a few friends that live
out there so. Yeah.
Look at a Children's home.
so
oh Children's home um we right now only do shelter. So what that would mean is We take care of kids literally babies only up to 17 uh that need a place to stay while the state or the county Figure out what needs to happen with them. So an instance would be imagine it's 4:00 AM, mom and dad get picked up for drug use. They have two
Children. Um Where do they put the Children while they figure out that stuff
to the enjoyment or there's a ward of the state, right, that's where the state owned that um is taking care of the Children for right now um
and nowhere to put them in a foster situation. So they go with us until then stuff like that. Yeah. That's been a little bit crazy once Covid hit to where we have to wear masks and everything. It's it's a high risk environment because the kids are coming from environments, we don't know, we don't get to control. But what you
that's cool. Yeah,
No, this is the third grade teacher and she said she'd never teach anyone over 12. It's like
all right, are you?
Yeah, I've been working with, I worked with young people of all ages. My almost my whole life since I was 15. So 16 years now, I've been working with young people and I love working with high school middle school because I feel like a lot of people already gave up on him. This is your opportunity to give them an extra boost where others don't
you know what I mean? Because when when kids are young people are like so encouraging, ridiculously encouraged. And then once the quotation threw up, right? Because
you can't do that. Sometimes it's your circumstance. Or uh sometimes teachers, for me teachers, when I went to a catholic school, they put me in all the dumb classes right away.
So then they just separated us. But then later on, they were like joe you're super smart in that. Why are, you know?
Good? Why? Why do you think you're no good? I'm like, well they told me I was, was it? You know?
So,
I don't, yeah, I realized I should have been a teacher. But I find it frustrating that I kind of want to be a teacher now. But I have to go through a lot of work. Just go be a teacher. Unless I want to go teach in Arizona, like Arizona, listen to my sister teaches. You need to have a pulse. I spoke diploma and a pulse and they'll hire you. Mm hmm. Yeah. But like, I don't know. Um Here in Minnesota, you have to go, I have to go through all my um four years. I only have two years of college under my belt. I have to get another two years of that. Plus some other things even. And then now I'll make just as much as I'm making now or less. I like
that.
No, I'm working with young people for 15 years at age 30. You know like you think there should be some simpler route. Like if you show like there should be a panel of teachers that go, all right, let's let's look at applications. Alright, let's take the top 10% of applications and given one year crash course or something, I don't know.
Mm I would definitely be in high school. Um
Man, I would a psychology isn't a specific being in high school. Will that be in sciences then technically?
No,
I think probably, I think history I think history because there's a lot of now that you bring it up because history has a lot of opportunities to point out um issues asked at learning moments and their classes don't really offer that like well what do you think you can do the math or what do you say?
Science? So science has some ability to do that but History for sure. It goes like hey there are some issues, we'll talk about some issues. Are you cooking up lunch?
Yeah. Right you go
ahead. I didn't know who I was talking to so I opened up a midday beer. Yeah like I don't know we'll see if it's awkward or not.
If I had the guesstimating your late 20s to early 30s.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well
he had
he got from right which is the best mate with me,
didn't I tell you?
man.
31
one in September I'll be 30. Yeah. Really? Because I feel like if I took a shower and like I didn't take a shower today, I threw this hat on instead. Uh If I took a shower you would have guessed me younger I think because I have a quarantine hair right now literally uh bangs go below my chin and like it's really wrong and drapey
yeah. Just waiting to say it. Yeah
man. So you I saw your shirt, you worked at the Y
Right. Another one is an organization where oh I think happy interested I'd be interesting, started to do is what we're kind of Y. Y. M. C. A. People become teachers,
you would think
it
decent amount right.
And
very.
So did you know you wanted to be a teacher? Did you like as you're being taught, you're like, I want to be them or did you all, weren't it? Step by step?
It was
every day a doctor or a trauma doctor.
Thanks man. My sausage. What science you said you love science? What very broad, what specific parts of science do you enjoy?
Hi ali.
Yeah. My sister is saying that Her districts making her wear more and more hats every year, like when she first started, she was only teaching like a few things and now she's wearing 24 hats, you know?
Yeah, it would be the yeah, but that's that's cool that you that you you're doing at least in the realm of what you're doing. I don't know, that's exactly what you want to do with your life, but you know, it's in the realm of at least
smart
man.
You know
what?
Yeah. My sister brought that has brought that up quite a bit. I can bring my sister up because I can't really speak from the perspective, so I'm talking with from what I know, she always talks about how yeah, I put in extra days, but then I don't really put in any days for three months, so she she doesn't call it an even trade, but at least we trade.
Yeah. Do you do you find that you have to put a lot of your personal finances into your classroom?
Well,
well, you're you're just interesting too because your science teacher, so do they give you a budget for your
experience?
I'm just trying to think that most of the teachers don't have a budget. I would imagine
like that teacher wouldn't get a budget,
I would amend
no an equal amount budget. It was weird to me because you're going to need it more than the math teacher,
I guess math might need it because like physical diet things
here.
Yeah. Yeah, I said it first. Uh Yeah, that's uh I don't think my sisters never brought up a budget so loose in Arizona, I don't think there's any budget.
no, they didn't go on strike. Was it last year? The year before.
My sister has never been a protest person and then she like, she called me like I was at this protest today and I felt deliver it like very uh
stand back ish person, but in that moment when they're messing with her money
I think. Mhm.
Ah man, have you? I found myself reading a lot more during
quarantine.
Oh man, I just finished this book today actually um
agatha Christie book, The man in the brown suit. So I started this a while back where I bought. I'm trying to read every egg the Christie book in order of publication which is hundreds of books. She was like in her heyday she would write like 28 year like 18 year.
So
yeah I'm I'm I'm early on my journey there but I um what I've been doing is doing book clubs with friends and stuff so we pick a book we each read it and then we talk about it and I actually went off with you. I'm doing with this stuff. I am meeting with her online to my sister to talk about this book.
Well what are you reading?
What? Well I should have guessed it. Yeah. No I love harry potter man.
I just
well I didn't read it till two years ago for the first time.
Well my sister kept on trying to push me that this is a different sister that lives in California. She tried to read it to me at night when I was 12 and I'd be like, no, I don't want to hear it. But yeah. So you? Re hearing problem. Which one are you on
imprisonment?
I always forget the order of them. Mhm.
Is that your phone
work
that your favorite book or which one would be your favorite?
I'm always an outlier. I like the original. I like the first book.
Origin stories. Like the like beginnings the most interesting to me and then everything else is still good. But like for most stories like I've read all the Sherlock Holmes um books and all of the stories. My favorite still study in scarlet, the first one because you meet the character for the first time. It's exciting
where he lives? Where under what? Some stairs. Right. It's exciting to rediscover that. Yeah.
I play xbox one quite a bit. Um Xbox
Game Pass is a Godsend. Do you have
an Xbox?
Okay and with Game Pass I saw I bought my Xbox one in november and I bought a 55 inch four K. Tv all in november and I haven't spent a single dollar past those two purchases and I've been playing crap ton of Xbox games. Um Let's see The Outer Worlds was really good. You ever played that? I'm currently playing No Man's Sky. I was really into NBA two K. 20 for a hot minute until I was playing it way too much and like until until literally the birds of chirp and I'd be like in the morning I go hot damn. You have um there's others too, but how about you?
I
think
I
stay away way to stay away from it, so I have my addictive personality, you can tell these are like read all of Sherlock Holmes and I'm going to read all of the crazy, I can't just I'm in or out, you know? And with like being all in on that is scary.
One thing we never got about it, maybe you can answer me is the building aspect seems annoying to me like
I'm
bad.
that is the things
I've never
I've heard of that anywhere else. So
yeah, there's a there's a game I forgot. Uh Man,
we'll see what what what's it called? What what remains of Edith Finch, have you ever played this game?
Yes, yes. It's my favorite game of of this year. Last year, I can't remember. We'll say this year. Um It's really what you make a night of it. Okay?
You literally, you, you grab it, you grab your favorite adult beverage, you've been getting mood lighting, right? And then you sit down, takes like five hours and you just play it. I'm not even like say too much about it. I'm going to say is that it's a relative, It's a story around and you're discovering things as beauty. Oh
it
you got a mower outside.
The mower outside.
Yeah, No, people do what they gotta do man. People are bored.
Yeah. Yeah, I've been aware of progressing
so I
hope
I sold
my switch to get an xbox one.
Sure. Yes. So uh huh. I had my, I was physically was fine and then I bought a switch and I started playing it and then I literally started
hurting
my neck and my back there was like a nerve issue with the size of the of the controller's messed
up, messed up my arm and which they messed up my back. So I sold it. Yeah.
So that
was because I hated the games. What we hate the pricing. I you know partially why I wasn't angry about getting rid of it, like everything's full price always.
I hope
but they know they know people will pay it.
No
now
I
thought about it but when I but when I sold it I made more money because all my games held value That would be really catch 22 about
it. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh Is that a Seattle? Um
Like that I never said come back.
I
am I'm a Timberwolves fan number one. Um And then like I watched the I'm the I'm an NBA fan and through those fan and then I'll watch the twins but I'm not really a baseball fan, like I like baseball but I
don't follow baseball
football. Uh I used to play online on the fantasy quite a bit but then um I stopped doing that because it was boring.
Mm Well your teams win championships. Well mind
Women's last time they won was 91, they won the ship in 91 when I was three. So I don't count that. I don't remember that.
And that's it. Uh So the Timberwolves Our # two Most Losing NBA team.
They're bad
but I love them. I can not and every year I go, this is our year man big.
it's
perfect. Yeah.
Well,
there's one main reason why we suck. His name is David Kahn, why that ran us for years. Um, and there's literally a Youtube video that tracks every single trade he's ever done like that. He everything he ever did every transaction and how it turned out and all of it. He always makes a big trade then trades for a trade for a trade.
And then the value at the end is a veteran. Yeah. I'm like it didn't,
We also lost 3 1st round
picks because we try to sign Joe Smith under the table.
Yeah. Hang out.
But then I wondered would I not want to have this and now I have you out there.
Yeah. So what's on the rest of the docket for the day?
smart smart from, I'm just gonna, I'm gonna be literally on video chats until nine p.m. tonight
in my
And takes me and my sister like two hours to go through half a book. Like we we we dive in and then I'm doing a video tour of of what I call the uh to my friends in Chicago about of my estate. I'm gonna take my phone and walk them around my
a state. It's living house, it's a small town in Minnesota.
Well uh I think we've done it. I think we're at the 25
minutes, correct?
Well really nice to meet you though.
Yeah I was really nervous that it would be someone that didn't want to talk.
Yeah. Well I hope I just didn't disappoint but
you have a friend
you can see it. How do we exit this day?
Just click up.
see