Oh yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Cool. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh yeah. Mhm. Uh Mhm. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay, mm hmm. Sure mm. Yeah. Yes.
Hello?
Hey what's up? How's it going?
Good good.
Uh Not too bad actually. It's been low key. So how's yours?
Nice. Yeah the weather here isn't all too bad. It's a bit on the cloudy side but no rain um Missing. Yeah I'm not too bad outside actually so it's
been decent.
I am I you yeah
where
Minnesota I'm from Washington
Yeah.
Yes. What do you think that?
What
an
outdoorsy type of things here to do? Yeah. Yeah
right
It's a happy Covid to have Petunia like how is that going to Korea?
Cool. I mean smart you know stands on some money so.
good idea probably.
Yeah it might be kind of a bad situation for sure
in
good for them. So yeah, so what kind of work do you do kind of a,
a Children's home? What
do you mean by that? It's like a
and
Go ahead seven,
correct.
but teacher, my science teacher actually, yeah, I got a high school,
that's a good teacher,
the opposite, you know, like they're more like mature, autonomous, you know, you kind of have more of a conversation with him, you know what I mean?
You know, so it's, you know, I kind of enjoy that more. I think so,
craig,
Right,
well,
all
that's
true, yeah, you know, it happens a lot actually, you know, it's nice to be able to be like a positive influence on the kids and really like try to prop them up, you know, a lot of times I feel like adults with their peers, we try to tear them down a little bit, which is, you know, sad. So it's nice to be able to support them, you know?
Not
worth it. But in your case.
If you were to teach, what subject do you think he would do our a grade level?
Okay.
Well they're in psychology. Um so you can't do psychology? Yeah, that's more in line with the history and social studies aspect of
it.
messiahs teacher.
I am a little bit that about
you.
Yeah, it's not too bad actually. So it's not you guys so far.
I'm 29
and
we
You are 30 teeth three.
Well, 32 I mean, yeah. What kind of I do, yeah, I like math a little bit. So are you going
to write What?
All right, Honey.
I would pray.
Yeah.
I used to like way back when this is a really old shirt. It's like a 10 year old shirts, like I worked there in high school, so.
What
do you think
that
I don't know about that? You
know, now what I think back, you know, a lot of folks I worked with were around like the college age and I kind of just work there, you know, just for like a side job in the summer.
I did my one of my coworkers, I think she went on and she became a teacher, but the rest of them they went off to do like other things. Um A lot of them still work as a y just like in higher ranks, you know? Um But yeah, I think there's only me and another person that I worked with, it became a teacher, so. No
yeah it was more in the back of my mind, so I've always been really into science. Um um So like at first, you know like yeah obviously would be to do medical school are medicine or something or research. So when I when I went to college I had the chance to get a shadow a doctor and then that just wasn't really a fun experience or anything, you know, that really wasn't like my, you know, my lifestyle
basically.
It was a radiologist actually. So it was it was just laying because you just like sat like in a dark room on day in which looks like some pictures. Um And then also in college I did like some some some research on biology in college basically like I actually like working in a lab and you know that was okay. Um Then after college I am I am I volunteered with a teacher and then so it's like oh this is like neat and fun. So I went back to school and I got my certification and then I became a teacher based off of that experience with a volunteering. So.
I think biology is my favorite. I'm
a major in bio. Um This year though at the school I worked for like a tiny school. So I talked to all the sciences at the school so that includes the physics and the chemistry and the bio. So I just tolerate everything. So and I got a lot of experience with all the sciences but my my yeah I think I enjoyed biology more so.
Yeah. That is Admiral work to it. Yeah,
I think so. Yeah, I think yeah I think it's my life. Yeah, I think my career now so
what's
with it? So it's a good job like the kids a lot you know you know it's cool job. Um you have some downsides you know obviously just it's really exhausting, you know like the workload, it's a lot and you know I would like to interact with the kids but you know at times you know
it's a little bit
much I'm sure you know so yeah, overall it's a great job and summers off it's nice to.
it's a trade for sure. It is, it's a trade off definitely.
Um A little bit like it hasn't been that bad over here a little bit maybe like Like $100 maybe, which isn't like ridiculous,
so
and
you have a budget? Yes, I do have a budget, so that's really helpful. Yeah,
correct,
So
at my school we all do, we all want to have the same amount of the budget, so.
I know,
little
bit not as much as me I think.
Probably not. Uh probably not over there,
I think it was the year before I think, or?
All right,
right, you got Alex stand up and say something for
Mhm
Meet
again. Damn. What kind of books and reading?
Mhm.
That's
impressive.
very fun, very fun.
Well not as advanced, I just went back and I read through, I'm harry potter
the military
part of a.
Oh really? All you missed out on your childhood, man.
The 4th 1? I just started so that the
government of fire. The goblet of Fire. Yeah.
They're great bucks man. Like they're just like really
weird.
What's that?
I probably say the 3rd 1 was. Which is that the prisoner basketball? So that's a good book.
I think they're all good. Like they all have their the merits. Doctor.
True. True. Yeah.
That's funny. But I say you into you read a lot. It sounds like what other kind of your interview.
Mhm.
Were
games? No Xbox? Everything else besides Xbox?
So I'm really like you have a fighting game so like street fighter. It's really fun and more to combat. Um What else? Just like, you know, I'm competitive so like anything where I could play against anyone else is fun. So I like like some Fortnite a little bit.
It's really
it's
free.
Yeah man, it could be bad for sure. For sure. It's a fun game though I guess. Like super fun. But you have to like manage your time for sure.
It
kind
of is that birds at first? It is, but like once you, once you learn it like it's not that bad, you know? It's like anything else. Like once you learn it, it's like helpful for sure. It's pretty cool. It's pretty cool. The building is what separates it from like anything else, you know? So it's, you know, it's
you
need so
makes it unique. Makes it for what it is so
mm.
I have not heard of it. That was it good?
mm hmm,
I'll check it out. Probably try
it anyway. I a
what's that?
man, it's just a weird day today. Some food and the more going,
I got to do exactly exactly what can happen. I don't know. Let's see. I don't know if I really don't, I don't know if I've played anything new this year that came out this year. Oh, actually I have a switch with animal crossing. I've heard of that,
that
game,
man.
Why
did you do that?
Thanks
for watching.
interesting.
my gosh, okay, that's
fair.
It is, yeah, it was like, yeah, yeah,
you're right.
Yeah. I mean I pay it and you know, I think it's worth it. I think games and quality games, you know, like
the high quality like they put
out quality
game.
All
Nice. Nice. Okay.
I
wish they would too, man. I miss them every day. A sports fan in
the
I
got you.
I'm quite in the same way. So I live N. B. A. Basketball in general. I'm not really a baseball fan, but I'm I'm a little bit into football if I watch the Seahawks a little bit, but I'm not, you know, like a big, big fan of football, I just watch them because the local basically. Uh
Well, the Mariners though.
That's fair. Mhm.
Yeah. They've been bad overall, man. They're they're bad.
You're bad.
The potential. I think they have like the players, I don't know, you know, like where they're so bad. I mean, the main thing is that they're like in the west, which just, you know, really
competitive.
that's just hard for them
to break, so.
And
Makes no sense.
But
Yeah, it's horrible. I'm
sorry. Last man. Mhm.
Like I'll be thankful I guess. Right. Are you me with our team?
Uh not a whole lot. Um I've been starting to learn to programme a little bit, so just like on the side, just for somebody, you know, learn, never hurt to learn new stuff. So I've been doing that. So I'll probably get back to that. And besides that, just rest up a little bit. Probably read some harry potter.
write
a book club, write a book club.
99
Nice. Hey, that's cool though, man. That's cool.
You're
there. I think we're there, yeah.
frank wise.
Right. Me too. A little bit.
And
hey, take care.
I think it is.
I think so. All right
buddy.