SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah and I mean okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Come mm. Yeah mm. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Right. Mhm. Well okay. Mhm. Okay. Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good? Meanwhile.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Uh is it morning where you're at? I was gonna say good morning but then I'm not sure. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: is right at noon where I met. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Uh it is seven a.m. yeah
SPEAKER_L: I am
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: live in in Hawaii so. Yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Have you lived in Hawaii your whole life?
SPEAKER_R: I was born in Australia but my dad isn't here So we moved here when I was 10. Mm. Yeah so my camera is blurry and say
SPEAKER_L: no worries. Do whatever
SPEAKER_R: that's better.
SPEAKER_L: you need to do.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Um So where do you live
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: or?
SPEAKER_L: live in South Dakota. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: I always wanted to visit the middle of America. Different.
SPEAKER_L: it's very um flat and grassy. I've actually, I have traveled but I've never been to Hawaii and I would love to
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Sorry. I mean I guess it's like anywhere else where it has like it's uh it's ups and downs or exit attractions within. There's also like the real life right? Yes. Ah Where have you travelled before?
SPEAKER_L: um like within the States, I have family on the West coast, so I've been all up and down the West coast um and east coast to so kind of all around the mainland and then as far as outside the United States I've gone to Mexico a few times and um to France and England. I've never been to Australia, I would love to. That's
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah Australia's
SPEAKER_L: definitely,
SPEAKER_R: alright too. I just remember it being hot, hot, hot hot mm. Yeah like you could fry an egg on the sidewalk
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, do you
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: ever go back,
SPEAKER_R: I haven't been back. No I don't have much family there, but my mom just had her sister left, so we moved here and my dad has a big family here. So yeah, at this, um, it's funny you're from south Dakota to, I was just talking to my brother the other day about the fires in California. Um, and I was telling him about you that you didn't hear about the ones in Australia where we're from because like they burned an area the size of South Dakota, like they put South Dakota on top Australia. That's so much burn this,
SPEAKER_L: And that was recent
SPEAKER_R: um, last september through april. I think
SPEAKER_L: last
SPEAKER_R: so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I remember that. I didn't realize that was the size of it. That's crazy because it takes like six hours to drive from one end of the state to the other, like east to west, so that's huge.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Big. Yeah. I don't know. I was watching all the new stuff from here, like thinking like it's so sad, but I kind of do nothing really, I guess. I mean there was like the red cross donation sites and stuff, but I don't know um is this your for agents your first um time doing this? It was about the survey conversation thing, wow,
SPEAKER_L: this is my, I'm trying to think my third time doing it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: is my 2nd
SPEAKER_L: Have you done
SPEAKER_R: 1.
SPEAKER_L: it before?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. One time before and then I was I was wondering if they were going to set people up with people that did it like the same amount of times before instead of like a new person with it, We said someone that did it plenty of times. So yeah, I was curious how that would go.
SPEAKER_L: what was your experience like before?
SPEAKER_R: Um It was um it wasn't super exciting but I mean I didn't I don't know what I really expected or I expected there to be like a conversation prompt like they do and I thought that I read that you can either talk about whatever you want or there will be a question or something like that. So I see that they were going to like greek tell us that right? You know like a conversation starter. So then it was kind of like awkward because we both didn't know what to let's talk about
SPEAKER_L: Now that you say
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: that, I totally remember that, like I remember reading that or thinking that um but
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: could
SPEAKER_L: never
SPEAKER_R: have like
SPEAKER_L: had
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: sort of
SPEAKER_L: either.
SPEAKER_R: guideline. Yeah I wonder if they do that on purpose like so that we think that we're gonna be prompted and. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: It's still funny doing these studies because I'm like suspicious of anything they tell me. I'm like, oh yeah, really? Is that really how it's gonna be you just saying that? So I'll react to? Certainly,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I did one I think yesterday or the day before where it said that you're going to spend your like what your payment would be on like e books or something and I thought it was fake and they said like to pick the books and then and then um the last one was like and will you donate to buy a book for a child in need or something and it was like the last dollar and I was thinking that it was all fake. So so then I bought the books in the last book and then my payment was two cents or two two pencil to be with the British you know thinking that they were just you know making like seeing what people would pick I guess right? Yeah it was real.
SPEAKER_L: I would have done the same thing,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah ready to uh there's the other ones or like when they tell me that there's gonna be other real people unless like I like interact with the chat like for like an extended period and I think that the other person is feet like like the other person won't get the points if you select this one they got that. I think they think it's a fake thing.
SPEAKER_L: I've had
SPEAKER_R: don't trust
SPEAKER_L: those
SPEAKER_R: either.
SPEAKER_L: too and even with this one I've sometimes wondered I'm like is the other person I'm talking to? Really another participant or is it one of the researchers? But I will tell you I'm not one of the researchers, so I am
SPEAKER_R: yeah, me. Me either. Uh huh. Yeah I never I didn't think of that. Well that's maybe there are some like mixed in there. Mm
SPEAKER_L: maybe. I don't know, I feel like all the people I've talked to so far have been real people like their stories were just too, I don't know detailed and like where they live and I don't know so
SPEAKER_R: remember where the last lady that I spoke, so she's in michigan? The last one? Oh yeah. Mm The only thing I could think of to leak talk about like in common with like I um I had seen pictures of the cool rocks with the patterns on it. Like stones, I guess that we're all from michigan a couple of days prior. So we were talking about stones. Apparently she goes stone picking or something.
SPEAKER_L: that's really random
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: but that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. Something about the great leaks makes the rocks have nice patterns. Aggie, it's or something. Mm
SPEAKER_L: how interesting, mm I've never heard of that. So are you a student or do you work full time or?
SPEAKER_R: Um not at the moment, no. Um the covid thing kind of really hit Hawaii like real bad. I mean not or not in terms of like the fatalities, I guess. Like, I mean every day on the news, every like three new fatalities in the state as the death toll continues to rise and then the next news is like the same thing. But in terms of the the jobs like our economy is 80% tourism so like we don't have any people coming here to spend their money so they, right. I know everything is shut down like all the restaurants, although like little boutique e stores like right. Yeah everything is shut down. Oh I don't know. It's it's weird I think um the unemployment stuff with the they were anticipating like how much people were going to apply for it And they have a record number something like 30% or something. I think you're up to something like that. Like crazy numbers and then like they can't do the unemployment payouts anymore and they're like one of my friends had it and then um they revoked it and now she owed them her unemployment back. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah she got paid
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: gosh,
SPEAKER_R: six
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: grand
SPEAKER_L: awful,
SPEAKER_R: or something. Yeah. Yeah now she's got to pay that back somehow or. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. All right. Yeah at the moment things is kind of like um yeah. Yeah not working anything but hopefully
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: this will all go away sooner and everything could open back up or I guess we have to find that different um industries. Yes. For a moment. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: I mean there's
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: been.
SPEAKER_L: had to come back at some point but it's just a question of like how long and how many businesses can survive, like that's what I worry about. We um we go to Cozumel a lot so that's like an island off Cancun and that is all tourism, like it's such a tiny island. The only basically don't they have like a base, like a mexican navy base and then or whatever they call it in Mexico and then they have tourism stuff and like cruise ships out there and I talked to a guy I know down there who does like surf lessons and he's like obviously none of the cruise ships are coming because the cruises were hit hard and just like No one is coming and no one has any work or like any money and it just it stressed me out. I felt so bad for him and like you wish there were something you could do to like fix it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's just like it's a complicated it just problem but I was in um we shut down like at first like successfully I guess and then as soon as they get it reopened then like all of a sudden like the cases blew up like we had lots of them so then yes, I guess they got sacrifice either way they within like this. I don't know, I mean I hate to sound like callous or like um and they called about it within the, I know they're going to other places like new york got hit really hard in this area um because like the density, you know, so right now but like compared to like our population, the number of deaths is really not that high. Like I know they got on the individual case by case like it's like tragic and awful for the families of the people that do pass but in relation to elect how much people there are, they are like having their whole livelihoods destroyed. Like uh I don't know it's a hard one because I don't want to be like, oh they just just let them all get sick and die like that. Yeah but in this is not working either. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I just and this is totally my opinion and this is a little bit political so I probably shouldn't talk about it but I'm going to because we have 25 minutes. So what are we gonna talk about?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah go ahead, go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like we were like forced to make a decision between like health or the economy and it did like people living or the economy and I feel like it didn't have to be that way if the government like in europe had just made a decision like yes, we're going to shut things down and then we're going to support people and have better unemployment and better business support and better yeah, it would have been a lot of money, but we're one of the richest countries in the world. And why do we have all this money if we're not going to take care of people? Like I don't have to my opinion. I think we could have done it a lot better, but I live in South Dakota and there's been like no state response because like we're just like very like individualistic and like we're not going to make laws about stuff. So our governor has just been like, do whatever you want really.
SPEAKER_R: goodness
SPEAKER_L: Like she's been like, everyone has to use their best judgment and there's not gonna be any like mass rules or shutting anything down. And I don't know, it's just hard because like I live in the biggest city in South Dakota and we're a hotspot because there are no rules. Everyone can just do what they want.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah and then everybody on the music there's all the like rallies like they had the like we won't wear a mask gatherings like to go
SPEAKER_L: which
SPEAKER_R: tell
SPEAKER_L: is like
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: crazy and
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like sturgeon,
SPEAKER_R: don't really
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if you heard about Sturgis, but that was in South Dakota,
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: the motorcycles
SPEAKER_L: the big motorcycle
SPEAKER_R: or something.
SPEAKER_L: rally, I'm just like, where do I live? Who are these people?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah I don't see why people would have to go out of their way to like rebel against the rule that doesn't hurt them. They right even if the masks don't help at all like you're not gonna die like you
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: might as well you know they take take the precaution for now and then hopefully it'll all go away faster but then
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: they just
SPEAKER_L: fully
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: agree.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know like my freedoms they if that's like the worst freedom that you that is being like threatened right now, like I think you're okay. It's Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's just this
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: weird and like around here it's really bad, like this weird mindset of like the government isn't going to tell me what to do, so I don't know, it's just Like, I know we were also like in the 80s, we were one of the last states to do like a seat belt law because it was the same kind of mindset, like yeah,
SPEAKER_R: my goodness.
SPEAKER_L: I should wear a seat belt that the government isn't going to tell me what to do, it's just like really?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I think over here like we have like, I think the Queen has always been like a like a blue state I guess. Um she's just a mistake. So then a lot of our laws will follow like the more liberal kind of patterns of this, but in the enforcement that kind of varies throughout different neighborhoods almost like because
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: like the yeah, just the contrast between the wealthier neighborhoods and like the poor neighborhoods is like the jarring the you have the tent cities right next to the the gated communities right there because everybody wants to be on the beach, like the rich fancy houses and the homeless. That that's the only place they can go. Yeah. So uh the enforcement is like sporadic. They some people have to wear seatbelts and then like right on the whole like west side of the island like like the costs and really care about that kind of stuff unless they're like trying to give you a hard time over something else. It is it is strange. And then the whole attitude of like everybody is like, oh like we're hawaii we don't have the mainland problems. There's no racism. There's no um the I don't like all the different social issues that is on them or they that we watch on the main. Then everybody is like, oh no we're fine, we're fine. But then we do have this same kind of problems. I mean manifested in different ways I guess like. Like we don't really have like the black white racism kind of thing. It's a more complex like the need of wine versus it that instead. But yeah, saying and then definitely we have the the anti mask. My dad is unfortunately 1 1
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: of them. Mhm. Which is so strange because he voted for Obama and then like just this year he started hanging out with all these like guys that would go to that Sturgis thing if they were up there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like just
SPEAKER_R: And then
SPEAKER_L: that,
SPEAKER_R: all of a sudden yeah. Yeah. All of a sudden now he's all the uh posting stuff on facebook about how like like um the George Floyd died because of Obama and like just like like irrational, bizarre like I don't know like I don't know what happened in the.
SPEAKER_L: That's so weird. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: And they Sorry, go ahead, go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: no, go ahead. I'm sorry, I interrupted you,
SPEAKER_R: Uh Seriously? I think one of the worst ones where I was I had to call him and tell him like dad you got to stop, you stop with the facebook stuff because it's like He wouldn't think he posted was a video of two black people getting run over on on a freeway during one of the protests. And he captured it. Black Lives splatter. And uh Yeah. And I never had the slightest inkling my entire life that my dad had any kind of feeling about any other race. They Like we're a little bit native Hawaiian. Like I did my ancestor DNA like 15%. Um and he's like 30 or something and he's always been very proud of that like that. He's not a white person. He's like Hawaii you know that where they know the black lives bladder. They telling the people they are gonna be offended by that and they're gonna see that and like what are someone that sees you in public and then runs you over figures something because there's something
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: even
SPEAKER_R: that is
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: taking it too far.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: don't know if he works or what he does, but people are losing their jobs over that stuff.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. He he was arguing with one of his former bosses in Australia about it. But it was funny because they were both being racist but like arguing with each other because they he was saying that if you if you support those black lives matter retards and unfriend me and then she commented on it like they john how can you how can you say that about your ancestors and offend people with special needs to and my dad was like ancestors I'm not from africa and then she said you dark skin, you black ancestor. They and he's he's thinking yeah and he's not even like he looks like like white with a tan, but yes, so you dark skin.
SPEAKER_L: gosh,
SPEAKER_R: New black answers, but they still disagree with each other. I don't know. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I um work in social media for a job and I just feel like facebook especially, but really like facebook and twitter, but all social media, but it just has like, it's really changed people, I feel like, and I mean, I feel like I'm part of the problem because I work and I see good stuff too, but yeah, like, and I don't know, maybe it's just bringing it to light like things that your dad and other people felt all this time, but it's like I think of getting a done a little bit too and like
SPEAKER_R: People get, yeah, they find people that agree with them and their yeah. Yeah. Someone I must be right. It must be a good thing to say. And then they all like bond together over. Well I have, I haven't had any or the only social media. Yes, I get is ready. That's how I found this prolific and everything I like reading because it's about like information not about like, like, like here's a picture of my lunch and my boyfriend. Yeah. But other than that I haven't had any social media since um 2013 I think as um yeah, my boyfriend at the time made me delete all of it. And at first that was, I mean that was a controlling not good thing, but whatever. Right? At first it was a really stressful and I think you're like, what am I like? I don't know what's happening and what my friends. Okay. But then after that, like I'm so glad that I did so because like, I feel like I don't like not like weighed down by like having to take pictures of myself with everything. I do like garlic tiktok tiktok is like, so lately the, I don't
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: when
SPEAKER_L: crunchy.
SPEAKER_R: I see like, yeah, yeah, that's exactly the word. Yeah. And I see like the kids like rehearsing their like little things like what are you doing? Maybe you're gonna look back on that. Like. Like wow. I was so good at mining songs. Like, I don't know right? Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: you know, Was this thing supposed to be 25 minutes or 20 minutes? I forget?
SPEAKER_L: 20 five.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay. And make sure the last one that I did, the lady was kind of like in a rush out. Like they like, yeah, at night at the 19 Marcus she's like saying like, oh it was great talking to you and yeah. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh! I mean, I feel like I'm way too midwestern. Like I would feel rude doing that even if the time was up, I'd be like okay, we need like a natural ending to
SPEAKER_R: Very.
SPEAKER_L: our conversation.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know if it's a hawaii thing or if it's like my personality thing. But yeah, and I had to worry it could go on for hours. They trying to say bye to somebody like, oh wait, but I was going to tell you about this and then you just go on and on you because the time here too is like people are like as strict or like it was like we're on Hawaiian time. Pretty. They really like there's no like, I mean I guess in like some industries is more you have to be more professional and stuff but in terms of like social things you're not gonna be like oh you relate to my birthday like everything is like oh you show up whenever and and it's a like more relaxed. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: More laid back. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Right. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Well what do you do today? What do you have on your plans for the rest of the day?
SPEAKER_R: Um Today my I live with with my um my fiance and his dad but then my mom and brother and sister were going to come visit um Okay so there I kind of don't want them to come because they only want to come because they think that the rapture is imminent. Um
SPEAKER_L: Sorry, I shouldn't
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: have left. I'm sorry
SPEAKER_R: no no no no I
SPEAKER_L: I grew
SPEAKER_R: they.
SPEAKER_L: up with that so I totally get it. That's why I laughed. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah no no I I've been laughing over to, I've been like switching between like laughing and crying and yelling at them and and then then yelling at me over like we want you to come with us. The Uh they I mean they already had to like push their date forward because it was supposed to be the 28 um of september uh Yeah, they they were like devastated when, when it didn't,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Do you this
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: is horrible.
SPEAKER_R: didn't happen.
SPEAKER_L: But do you ever want to mess with them and be like, oh I guess you weren't good enough. Do your I know
SPEAKER_R: have thought
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: of that one.
SPEAKER_L: did happen, and you didn't get taken
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. A couple of people in my building disappeared.
SPEAKER_L: do that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: but they have this elaborate thing that the that they're going to get wrapped or first they're supposed to get their glorified bodies and then my mom was telling me that she was going to come over here and prove to me that she's immortal. And I was like what is that supposed to mean? You gotta come over here like throw yourself in front of the car or something and she's like, no, no, no, no, I'm not going to get hurt. Uh That's not encouraging because it's
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: should not have
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: told me this because now I'm like invested and I'm gonna want to know what happens. I'm gonna be like I talked to this girl in Hawaii and her mom is going to come over and show her that she is in Myrtle and I don't know what hap. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: gosh. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: uh I might post about it on reddit somewhere. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'll do a search and read it.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, okay. I'm trying to think they would sub the like, let's not meet or like a semi the asshole or um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Good hit.
SPEAKER_R: uh you know, it was ridiculously like it, they never used to be like that either. Like my dad was along like that, like when I was in high school, like he used to make us drive up to the mountain at three in the morning because we're supposed to have a tsunami because the, you'll be like venus and mars are aligned. Look, you look on the space charts of the today's date and I'll be like venus and mars are two dots, any two dots, you can make a line, right? And
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: he'd be like, you hate God. And like, ah but then he forgot about that and they all calm down. And then all of a sudden like they've been watching too much youtube videos and then the thinking like the aliens are gonna are actually demons that are going to pretend to be what took all the people so that the remaining people will think that God didn't do it in it. That it was aliens. But they are actually demons that and the pope and trump is the antichrist at all. They're gonna inject us with the 5G. With the vaccine. Mm hmm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: There's no much there. It's.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like and and I know there are my brother and his girlfriend, they got married because they thought that the world was gonna end right because they wanted to have their lives like street so that they get raptured. My mom quit her job. Like she was lucky enough to still have a job in this economy and then she quit because she's like I'm not going to need the money anymore. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: But after yeah after it didn't happen. She she went and got it back so like I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: huh. Good luck. I hope nothing bad happens.
SPEAKER_R: Mm Yeah. I was really concerned. Like one day I was thinking like what if like my mom like like Andrea Yates like like I don't know tries to like save her Children from the evils of the earth and give them to jesus already. Week. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Do you have younger siblings like that are still living with her?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My brother just turned 20 But then my sister is eight. So. Yeah. Yeah. And like I I had like a bad dream that like the two of them like like baptized her in the bathtub and found her like I called my mom like you guys got to stop this shit. Like the guy was like freaking out but she said that she would never do that and so good and I was supposed to do when they come, they talked to them and they get a, because I haven't seen them in person during the time they've been talking about it. So I want to get a real feel over like if there like, you know, like how serious like face to face because they can tell me like, oh no, it's all right. We, we forgot about it already serious like and be planning it more, you know? Really? Yeah, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: uh
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: but it's okay. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Because you won't be thinking about after the rest of the day. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: mhm um I'll post something on already after I do like the question thing of like uh uh I don't know, is there like a miss connection scene? Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: Upgrading can work.
SPEAKER_R: Looking, looking for the lady from South Dakota, that cares.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I mean there's nothing stopping us from like telling each other like in full.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um is your username easy to spell because mine is in Hawaiian. So it's like maybe like hard, I could write it down and hold it up.
SPEAKER_L: it's and it's such a stupid user name. It's from when I had to research read it for work and I didn't have an account so I just created one and so don't judge me but it's
SPEAKER_R: It's okay.
SPEAKER_L: it's secret and then Capital? S capital M so secret. Sm like social media because that's what I do for work so Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Secret. Shh All right. Yeah, I will. Yeah, I would post something or they tag you or message or something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: or message me and let me know, like I said I'm invested now so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Well if you find any good youtube videos debunking all of it, you said that to be using me
SPEAKER_L: Well I actually
SPEAKER_R: hey.
SPEAKER_L: have a theology degree, my master's degrees in theology and so I can tell you that this is not theologically
SPEAKER_R: it is.
SPEAKER_L: sound at all whatsoever what they're saying.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know, I was trying to tell them like so many times throughout history. Like what about like the plague? Like what about like the crusades? What about like world War two things have been terrible and like maybe there were people like world leaders and like things happening that lined up with like, oh the stars is doing this and like the sirens is trumpets and submarines. Is the beasts rising out of the water and everything that that the symbols like match like to the people that were watching it and maybe they were right. Maybe their world didn't and they died in that time like like the world is it goes in cycles or like just stuff that happens and if you're looking for like something to line up with a big lead poll, I mean I don't want to be the disrespectful till they, the bible is stuff like it's not like specifics,
SPEAKER_L: I just.
SPEAKER_R: it's up for interpretation and my parents or my brother telling me like oh no no no all those people that thought it was going to end its different, they were delusional. Okay. I think that's thank
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: and like the and I again I grew up with this so I totally get where you're coming from. But the best scholarship now says that um they wrote this because of the roman occupation of Israel, like they were writing in code about the romans like but everyone takes it as like an end times thing when really it was very specific to that time and place. But you could tell them that and they'll never believe it. No.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm fulfilling the prophecy that people will try and turn them away from the Lord. It's
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: the hardest
SPEAKER_R: like a cover
SPEAKER_L: part. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: anything anybody tells them you're proving them right by telling them something like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You're persecuting them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah yeah Yeah. See they told us this would happen like it was written. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Good luck.
SPEAKER_R: And then any question they can't answer like why don't you ask jesus can you ask him for me or? Yeah I
SPEAKER_L: You seem
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: to have
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: a better relationship. Can you just? That's funny. Yeah. All
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: right. Well I need to get back to work but it was really nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah this one went better than my first one. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: All right thank you.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Have a good day.
SPEAKER_R: I'll keep you updated Youtube. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.