Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What? Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah and I mean okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Come mm. Yeah mm. Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Right. Mhm. Well okay. Mhm. Okay. Hi, how are you?
Good? Meanwhile.
is right at noon where I met. How about you?
I am
so
Have you lived in Hawaii your whole life?
no worries. Do whatever
you need to do.
I
live in South Dakota. Yeah.
So
it's very um flat and grassy. I've actually, I have traveled but I've never been to Hawaii and I would love to
um like within the States, I have family on the West coast, so I've been all up and down the West coast um and east coast to so kind of all around the mainland and then as far as outside the United States I've gone to Mexico a few times and um to France and England. I've never been to Australia, I would love to. That's
definitely,
Oh my gosh, do you
ever go back,
And that was recent
last
I remember that. I didn't realize that was the size of it. That's crazy because it takes like six hours to drive from one end of the state to the other, like east to west, so that's huge.
this is my, I'm trying to think my third time doing it. Yeah.
Have you done
it before?
what was your experience like before?
Now that you say
that, I totally remember that, like I remember reading that or thinking that um but
I
never
had
that
either.
It's still funny doing these studies because I'm like suspicious of anything they tell me. I'm like, oh yeah, really? Is that really how it's gonna be you just saying that? So I'll react to? Certainly,
I would have done the same thing,
I've had
those
too and even with this one I've sometimes wondered I'm like is the other person I'm talking to? Really another participant or is it one of the researchers? But I will tell you I'm not one of the researchers, so I am
maybe. I don't know, I feel like all the people I've talked to so far have been real people like their stories were just too, I don't know detailed and like where they live and I don't know so
that's really random
but that's awesome.
how interesting, mm I've never heard of that. So are you a student or do you work full time or?
what?
my
gosh,
that's
awful,
that's
I mean
it
had to come back at some point but it's just a question of like how long and how many businesses can survive, like that's what I worry about. We um we go to Cozumel a lot so that's like an island off Cancun and that is all tourism, like it's such a tiny island. The only basically don't they have like a base, like a mexican navy base and then or whatever they call it in Mexico and then they have tourism stuff and like cruise ships out there and I talked to a guy I know down there who does like surf lessons and he's like obviously none of the cruise ships are coming because the cruises were hit hard and just like No one is coming and no one has any work or like any money and it just it stressed me out. I felt so bad for him and like you wish there were something you could do to like fix it. Yeah.
I just and this is totally my opinion and this is a little bit political so I probably shouldn't talk about it but I'm going to because we have 25 minutes. So what are we gonna talk about?
I feel like we were like forced to make a decision between like health or the economy and it did like people living or the economy and I feel like it didn't have to be that way if the government like in europe had just made a decision like yes, we're going to shut things down and then we're going to support people and have better unemployment and better business support and better yeah, it would have been a lot of money, but we're one of the richest countries in the world. And why do we have all this money if we're not going to take care of people? Like I don't have to my opinion. I think we could have done it a lot better, but I live in South Dakota and there's been like no state response because like we're just like very like individualistic and like we're not going to make laws about stuff. So our governor has just been like, do whatever you want really.
Like she's been like, everyone has to use their best judgment and there's not gonna be any like mass rules or shutting anything down. And I don't know, it's just hard because like I live in the biggest city in South Dakota and we're a hotspot because there are no rules. Everyone can just do what they want.
which
is like
crazy and
like sturgeon,
I don't know if you heard about Sturgis, but that was in South Dakota,
like
the big motorcycle
rally, I'm just like, where do I live? Who are these people?
no,
it's
fully
agree.
it's just this
weird and like around here it's really bad, like this weird mindset of like the government isn't going to tell me what to do, so I don't know, it's just Like, I know we were also like in the 80s, we were one of the last states to do like a seat belt law because it was the same kind of mindset, like yeah,
I should wear a seat belt that the government isn't going to tell me what to do, it's just like really?
interesting.
no.
like just
that,
That's so weird. Okay,
no, go ahead. I'm sorry, I interrupted you,
Or
even
like,
I
don't know if he works or what he does, but people are losing their jobs over that stuff.
gosh,
I um work in social media for a job and I just feel like facebook especially, but really like facebook and twitter, but all social media, but it just has like, it's really changed people, I feel like, and I mean, I feel like I'm part of the problem because I work and I see good stuff too, but yeah, like, and I don't know, maybe it's just bringing it to light like things that your dad and other people felt all this time, but it's like I think of getting a done a little bit too and like
it's
kind
of
crunchy.
Yeah, it's crazy.
20 five.
Oh my gosh! I mean, I feel like I'm way too midwestern. Like I would feel rude doing that even if the time was up, I'd be like okay, we need like a natural ending to
our conversation.
More laid back. That's awesome.
Well what do you do today? What do you have on your plans for the rest of the day?
Sorry, I shouldn't
have left. I'm sorry
I grew
up with that so I totally get it. That's why I laughed. Yeah.
Yeah. Do you this
is horrible.
But do you ever want to mess with them and be like, oh I guess you weren't good enough. Do your I know
it
did happen, and you didn't get taken
do that. Yeah.
You
should not have
told me this because now I'm like invested and I'm gonna want to know what happens. I'm gonna be like I talked to this girl in Hawaii and her mom is going to come over and show her that she is in Myrtle and I don't know what hap. Okay.
Yeah.
I'll do a search and read it.
Yeah. Good hit.
Yeah.
There's no much there. It's.
What?
Uh
huh. Good luck. I hope nothing bad happens.
Do you have younger siblings like that are still living with her?
Yeah
wow.
Uh huh.
Yeah. Because you won't be thinking about after the rest of the day. Mhm.
Upgrading can work.
Okay. I mean there's nothing stopping us from like telling each other like in full.
it's and it's such a stupid user name. It's from when I had to research read it for work and I didn't have an account so I just created one and so don't judge me but it's
it's secret and then Capital? S capital M so secret. Sm like social media because that's what I do for work so Yeah.
or message me and let me know, like I said I'm invested now so. Mhm.
Well I actually
have a theology degree, my master's degrees in theology and so I can tell you that this is not theologically
sound at all whatsoever what they're saying.
I just.
Well
and like the and I again I grew up with this so I totally get where you're coming from. But the best scholarship now says that um they wrote this because of the roman occupation of Israel, like they were writing in code about the romans like but everyone takes it as like an end times thing when really it was very specific to that time and place. But you could tell them that and they'll never believe it. No.
That's
the hardest
part. Yes.
Yeah. You're persecuting them. Yeah.
Good luck.
You seem
to have
a better relationship. Can you just? That's funny. Yeah. All
right. Well I need to get back to work but it was really nice talking to you.
Good.
All right. Have a good day.
Bye.