Hi.
Hello, can you hear me? Okay?
I'm good, how are you?
Very good. So I'm Michelle.
baker, very
good.
I'm in
Arizona. Where are you?
Yeah and I've never been to florida either.
Oh it's not very well, it's pretty, pretty bad still here. It's ah I pretty much stay home as much as they possibly can.
Yeah, I go out to take my dog for a walk um
and to this to the grocery store, but that's pretty much it.
I have family that lives in California and I usually go to visit them in july, but I didn't go. Yeah because
I I just worry I didn't want to because Arizona is also really bad with the coronavirus now, I didn't want to accidentally infect them or something like that, so.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah and I talked to my mom pretty regularly though. We don't really, we don't video call but my my friends that live here, we
video call a lot because we aren't seeing each other in person, so.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah,
that's bad. But your family is okay, right,
that's good, that's good. For sure. Yeah. So I don't know, it's so weird. It's, I pretty much stayed at home even before I'm not a like a person that goes out a lot, but it's weird having to be stuck at home for so long.
Yeah.
My dog doesn't understand either because I because he loves people and he loves to play with other dogs and I won't let him go near people and he's like, I don't understand. Oh, it's so hard.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah, I am a college teacher, so it's been really, really hard. Yeah, but we we pretty much decided that we are doing everything remotely with very few exceptions um So I'm I'm teaching all of my classes remotely, but I don't usually do that, so it's gonna be all over like video, so it's going to be very different than I used to,
but
we'll make
it work.
Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Yeah, I'm glad that I still have a job, so I've been very lucky, I haven't lost my job or anything like that and we
have had
some some teachers that are worried about not having enough students. Uh but for me I I have enough students
for now, so it's it's just just like you said, a lot
of new challenges these days.
Thanks.
Yeah.
I know. Yeah, it's essentially like so so much people keep wanting to say here, learn this new thing and this new thing I like there's only so many new things that I can learn and still use them effectively, so.
No,
sorry, my my phone
was being allowed.
Yeah. Yeah. I know, I used to I don't know, I cooked a little bit, but I ate out and when I went out with my friends and now it's like all at home.
Yeah. Yeah. I know when I was, when we were first at home like I got I got really into like reorganizing things and cleaning things and now I'm like no, I just don't feel like
it's really hot. So I live near phoenix, so there are parts of Arizona that art is hot is here, but it's supposed to be, I don't even remember today it's the last few days it's supposed to be like 114 115 degrees. So yeah. Really hot. I would really be going outside a whole lot anyway but. Oh
Cuban. Yeah.
we could most of the time it's pretty it's a it's a dry heat which is still hot but not as bad as the humidity, but we also sometimes get monsoon storms and so then it gets humid and hot. Ethics thought good.
So yeah we heard some rain last week, but I think the hurricane uh I don't know if it's going to get the direction, it hasn't it hasn't come to us yet, so we haven't really had any rain or humidity for a little while, so.
Uh huh.
That's crazy.
How long have you lived in florida?
Okay. Where did you live before, florida?
Well,
Any kid?
So I um I grew up in California in uh southern California near san Diego. Um And then I went to college in northern California
and then I moved to I moved to texas for less than a year for work and then they moved me back to California. So and then I've been and I actually lived in Arizona for I guess it's just it's been 13 years now, I can't believe it's been that long. Uh
Do you
like florida?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh that's good.
yeah that's
good.
go ahead.
So we have it's not too bad. Um Usually our hottest months may can get pretty hot,
june is hot but july and august are the worst and then um every year is a little different but it usually september is still pretty hot, october usually starts to cool down, but it can still be like over 100 degrees like in october so but november like november through april is usually really nice, so we can get cold. We do have, sometimes it gets below freezing in the winter but we don't get snow unless it's really crazy, like something really weird has to happen. Uh Other parts, there are mountains
in Arizona,
so I don't live near the mountains so that we could drive to the, so we wanted to but uh but it hasn't spelled where I live in the 13 years that I've lived here in other parts, it's freaked. Sometimes it it has, we have a freak stone, no storm but not
not
anything really bad. So the weather generally pretty nice once you get through like august um it gets to be a little nicer. That's part.
Yeah we get that, we get some nice weather, it's like the seventies in like january and february, it's pretty nice. So.
I know this year is gonna be, yeah it's gonna be hard. I know I I don't I was gonna say I'm pretty sure we're not going to be doing like Halloween. It's I don't think we're I don't think it's gonna be safe enough to to do normal
like Halloween stuff.
I
know.
Yeah. I know. I don't even know when I'm going to be able to go back to teaching in person. It might be a year or more than a year. It's hard to know when things will go back to even close to normal because I don't know that they will ever be exactly the same now.
Um So we have very few classes, it depends on the class, the only classes um that will be uh in person will be the ones that have to like sometimes like our nursing uh program because they have to be able
to practice.
And
then like we have a culinary program so they can't really demonstrate cooking when their remote. So
um and then some of our science classes in the lab, they'll go, they'll go to school for the lab but stay home for the lecture parts, so. But other than that everyone else, they decided because Arizona is doing so horribly with the number of cases that we have, it's just not safe to put that many people in the same
on campus
together,
so.
Yeah, it's it's it's it's so surprising. I know some parents are really in a really tough situation to, but I would worry so much about safety, you know, like I'd rather I'd rather than be behind a year than
it gets nick because it's so, you don't know how it's, there's so much unknown still and it's so dangerous. Uh
Yeah,
man.
I know. That's like for me, I I am willing to put up with a lot for my own safety because it's just, yeah, I don't like for me it's just here, it's just me and my dog. But even then like, I know I'm worried for a while,
like what will I do if I get sick because I don't have anyone to take care of me and then my dog, I'm like, what if I can't take care of him? And my my, even my family lives in another state, so even if they were willing to groceries, they can't because they're too far away. No. Yeah.
It's hard though. Yeah. It's really hard.
They have nobody to, nobody
to play with to
keep entertained.
Mhm.
Yeah. He does. And and he he came over to
me at
the beginning
because whenever he hears people talking he's like, hey why are you not paying attention to me? So he's so funny. But yeah, he yeah, he kind of got used to but he does he always wanted my attention. He's like why am I stuck here with you? Because because he used to have when I go to work I take him to doggie daycare and he play with other dogs. And so now he's like now you're making me stay home, but you won't play with me. So.
But what?
Yeah
I
don't know I know I'm hoping maybe maybe by the end of the year but even then who
who knows? So and I was
they
no I was just gonna say because it's the same with us they were like oh yeah we're gonna start bringing people back
in august
and I was like no thank you but they
for us they said the earliest that they will bring people back now in october and that's only if it's safe but I like I like you said
like it's not safe enough.
Yeah
we've had a lot a lot of outbreaks and at schools some living like there was one uh one school where the kids live there and they had like a pretty big outbreak and it's and so many
people
like you said they don't really take it seriously so they're just walking around with like with other people close together. Um And and they
don't seem to care. I think it's a big threat so it's just it makes it even more scary so I just don't want to leave.
Um I tell her it's been a little matter. I've done various surveys for few years I think pretty much since it 1st 1st
started,
I can't even remember how long it's been. It's been a
while. I don't always do a whole lot like in the summers. Um What? I'm not teaching them, I'm not teaching it. My classes don't start till august. Uh So I have a couple of weeks still. Uh So in
the summer
I tend to
do more surveys um when I'm working if I'm too tired. If I don't have time that I don't.
But
but I I like
it. It's it gives me a little extra money, so.
This is my third time to, mm.
we're good to go. Yeah. Very good. It was good to chat with you.
Yes, that was a good chat. Have
a good rest
of your day.
Bye.