I'd love to kick out of those things that this Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Happy with you. Yeah. Oh, okay. Are you pretty? Mhm. Telephone, you need to put money and she somebody else? Yeah. You got it. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Beautiful. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Yeah. Do you live longer? You can ask your water here? Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't what? Um I don't think you could have been physically. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Excuse me. What we, yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'm not a city. I thought you see. Yeah. Yeah. What I would do. What happened? Okay. Yeah. Mm. Mhm. Well, this is material. That's what you want. That's why they saw. What was that? Yes. Uh huh. Yeah. Hi.
Yeah. Hey, are you listening Clearly? Okay. I'm a Yeah. Hello?
How are you doing?
Yeah. I'm also find perfect every time.
I'm makeup makeup.
So
rich part of us us
earnings.
I'm in florida. Yeah. The reason is also a nice place I heard of never been there, but
Okay. So how is the corona going on there? Like it's,
Same here and nowadays almost corridor becoming epicenter after new york and the earlier when it was their role models, I was going a little bit, but nowadays I'm more scared and not going at all. Either. My husband is going or only mostly he is going, we're gonna have to share with my kids that while.
Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. Grossly if we have to do anywhere news otherwise, no meeting with friends who are going in just got bored. But anyway, we don't have any options to do that.
yeah.
traveling is also the main thing which used to create this. so better to avoid traveling nowadays. We have we have a privilege of video calls and all these are better to do with that. Yeah.
40
Okay. Which even at this time I'm from India so I was planning to go there but thankfully I'm not at my ticket and I didn't drop the plan so that I haven't been the otherwise I would have stuck wow
my family was because in India also means europe countries mostly have finished but china has finished all these things with corona but India and Usa are suffering a lot. Yeah.
Not
they are also taking much precaution parents, my older brother and his family all together and they are pretty much takes care.
that and and the main thing is ren used to go at work, we have a proper video that park, it's going to the school or they take care. It's now it's like all happens breaking in the morning doing it and doing office kitchen, doing office. They think that kid and my husband is also working from home. So it's like whenever one person has meeting another person actually manage anyhow and it's he's also so bored like mama, why I'm not able to go outside by then this will go away. I said it will go away. He had keep the whole but brisket, they are totally respected if we too are frustrated. But it's very it's somewhere time for him. We a plan. Too many things. All of that. Mhm.
Yeah.
Every, every creator on whether needs company needs to miss. We need to wish we used to social notice much then little will be our social for our kids, for our dogs or whatever. But mm and the main destruction of corona is not to research in social his dancing is that made. Uh I mean, I think we have to follow in this covid. I don't even the school issues are much nowadays. It's also like they are saying developed and developing. But thankfully the schools are given the option that they will they can also for the online. Yeah.
So many of my friends said that with working things we can't manage with biscuits. But I said I can drop for a year but I will not say better not to take respond the help. I can put him at the home without education. But I have. Uh huh.
Yeah.
expect
and
it's
Yeah, but still means a still we are working or are engaged but people who have lost their job or something like, but new challenges have given to us by corona.
I need
to
good.
Report
like you said, you have to take online classes or remotely whatever. Oh, it's ready to prepare like that. We know how to go and deliver the lecture simple because in India for some time I was certain the college beating, now
I'm into software job the there I'm done on this. We are prepared with the likes it and we have to just go and deliver it. But preparing online and these are new stuff for us. Yeah. All
right. And to play around with this technology, Right?
And because of this lockdown and covid, like I am now preparing everything from straight Muslims are a lot of cooking. Never.
Mm That's right.
that's
yeah, that's I know quickly The, this has taught us a lot of cooking also, cooking everything happened.
Yeah, exactly. Like in a little field I was just enjoying, okay, let's say we are at home together, let's do this, cooking this and now like it's a big, that's like we have to divide, you do this, I'll do this with the husband. We usually used to divide only that I work. But nowadays when I'm done with that kenya is now your turn to do the cooking and for life.
This life when we will walk out of a home for job securely like this is the man. But anyhow, I don't know how is the better there?
Yeah, it happens the same. Not like that much, but a little bit less. Only we are in temperature.
And just train. So like humidity is not of and I thought I we are only that much harder. But yeah I know Arizona and all this. This is a much access. They are properly.
In texas, that hurricane kind of thing came like and
Oh but now we are listening in news like a kind of medication is coming to the near the no data. It may have come there. I like to say let's plan for the hurricane now let's go to the stores and I now we have only one work to just make less. Do you have what? In store? What not to store? I like putting all that stuff more than a requirement is also picked us to manage to keep the. Grossly more to manage the place. It's like never die really.
And visiting
every grocery store twice uh twice a week is also a big task better to store that things like which had marked it, wow.
it's around three years and uh five or six years ago telling us
in the study before florida, I
was in new york. Long Island. Yeah and before that even before they class been to UK also for some time linda and before that land India totally. Yeah you
are you are here only from your city.
Well
young. You've been been to so many places growing up somewhere. Studies out there now. Doing jobs. Okay. Yeah it's
also
yeah otherwise like yeah obviously not uh summers it's quite a bit tough to take out means go and step out in the afternoon with nowadays we want to go more with the kids as we are at home in summer vacation. But we can't and otherwise the weather and wanted, I like more than Long Island because they are every time we have to put on a jacket. Yeah.
Born out of the no and all that stuff. Uh
Actually the hair, the weather is like India. Oh, it suits me also. Yeah.
From the place where I was from the northern side of the area. So it's like uh northeastern side. I was well, I was pretty much tried with weather and when I was not very, I like cold. Yes, sometimes I don't think very much cold but nearly all of my my my uh good stuff for kids also there to do it here. What part my kid is playing outside is not this time, but normally playing 12 months outside. Which is a good part for human he likes. Yeah. Uh huh. I'm satisfied.
How
was that? Uh Okay. Yeah.
Okay. Like we are the better here changes you know the world or it takes more time in november. But it used to change like this much. Only so much we used to happen to what type the Lord duration. Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I am
that's
quick.
Almost the same. But the temperature matters. But the season changes almost. That's yeah.
pretty nice. Right. And see out of this means fortune. That we are not able to celebrate anything this year. Like any whatever things have gone or whatever this gets used to enjoy. Uh Hello reunion. Eastern.
Normally
even after, I don't know how much time
it
will say it's like we have to live with corona. Look it seems like now for the even the vaccination, all the things will come. I don't know how much days and all these putting on mask is like a part time job nowadays within Moscow. But for the nine. Yeah.
and it's good like you're all the classes are going online only. You are in college is the option is given only online. Not the in person.
I'll
tell you. Yeah.
Bye.
Thank you.
What was
that
about?
I don't know. Probably I heard from one of my friends I'd like before kindergarten. The pre K. Or we can say PPK here that is um from the state it's kind of free for the kids. So she was telling me that mike it is going in kindergarten this year. So she told me that you know these kids have to go whether they don't have the option for online. Also I think this is the worst thing. They are more younger kids and they should back even the state is giving money, they should not have done like this for the cost of kids. So she was telling some people out there in my society like they were thinking a lot. I said just tell them not to send your child at home. There's nothing to think about it.
That.
and the thing is that there is no one to take care also means you will be known on your uh family will also not able to see what is happening with you exactly like uh even
the last year like it got loose on his school. So he got the in terms of flu. I just not able to recognize that it's people. I just and I don't know how that theory over to get him that vaccination to vaccination and it happened to him then to me to then to my husband and nobody can come that time everybody is getting scared. Even the past trend started come and help us out. And it was like 5, 10 days. We are so weak, so big that I can't tell you this one person is waking, one person is sleeping. Because yeah, I have too many kids and also very
little every time my husband used to say, you know how is the flu? Yeah and the corona is was than that. So be patient keep patients. Don't worry that we are getting bored. That's okay. We are getting bold. So that's okay.
Because
the thing is that like after corona you don't know. So this is not, just doesn't tell things that okay. Really go and have a medicine. It would be fine. There's a big, I'm like, and then like one day I was getting so bored. I just asked me as well. Okay. We know that our best friends, best one friend family is very safe. They are also not going like us and uh we can call them even know because my kid is eating my head. Like mama, can I play with her mama? Can I play with? Can you follow and I can't okay if they are not being outside for 10 days. I talked to her so I think we can call them. But the day I was little protect uh distracted that we can we can we we've got so worked for four months then I thought ya, he's dietitian or say it's not a good option.
Yeah. And I have one kid sorts very stuff doing this. Yeah.
Just
nobody
playing fighting. It was very tough like uh how to engage every time because nowadays every time he wants attention for everything now, even when you must be working, your dog must be feeling very uh
less attentive all like
do
you
want?
Daily man. They used to used to play board please. Big black coronavirus away from us. Please see, I
said, yeah, yeah. It has taken away from europe countries but still it is here. Yeah,
I don't what's
up?
who
It's very tough. Even after it all the things will get open like support with my office people will say okay come after we were listening some new that they are planning to call some you feel alternatively like we can in a week, three days they can we call some people and in the rest of their days you call some other people and they will take some safety precautions. That informal labour planet. I said I'm not going to go even if they will put every safety measure because we will be using the same live, same every capital area. That's not likely just putting the safety measures are not and they are
writing Yeah boy.
Thank
you.
If.
You get
yeah but still people are means roaming about very freely. Sometimes I used to kill them. Like uh sometimes I used to go with my family and we used to stay in the park and my husband used to go in the grocery store. We just go for out things like just in the party. I used to say everyone is just rubbing her very freely. Even the kids are coming putting the mass like they are coming from picnic or something. What is this why these people are not that much aware. Either they are not aware or they don't want to take that much. 50 million. Sometimes it goes on my mind. That bite is so like with the kids. Well even I've heard one news of Arizona that in one day care it happened that so many kids bought in practice. Right.
Yeah.
Don't
you think?
Later.
If you actually today. So from how long we are doing this prolific.
You
know everything?
Mhm.
I
got
one,
Mhm. Don't
hear exactly
what?
Yeah, the same. I even don't know how busy I used to feel some surveys earlier on my phone, but I don't know about this is such a rare sight and all. And just before Covid means just started the lockdown, our scared home model started. I just because we are at home so we can google anything in office. Everybody would be seeing uh the other. So I just do it. And I got this the best rating kind of uh indians. I said, ok, let's try and it's a good earning thing I've never been thought of. And now I used to why I don't know so much before. I must have made much money better than that. And this kind of thing w which we are doing like conversations yet. I've I've been this part. I'm just,
So I think we have to do 25 minutes now and it's almost around particular minutes. I'm not okay. So we are good to go.
Yeah, me too. I've been really nice every time he used to get the deposit yet means that means and this time I got the same, yeah. Big peoples are much chattel box kind of thing. I got. I really enjoyed charged with.
Thank
you.
Yeah, you too. Have a