SPEAKER_R: Hey there.
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Okay, okay, great, The audio is working okay. Mm. Uh So I guess this is kind of free form from what they said, just like start talking.
SPEAKER_L: I guess. Yeah, I don't know. All right.
SPEAKER_R: always have you been like, it was kind of interesting to talk to someone I've never met because we've all been like sheltering at home for a while.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, it's like zero social interaction at all and now. Oh complete strangers. Uh huh. Mhm. Um Yeah it's pretty uh been pretty weird but managing working from home and than not doing anything after being at home all day, so
SPEAKER_R: Box
SPEAKER_L: it's a little strange. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: uh kind of similar again, like doing an office job so he could transition to work at home. It was definitely bumpy the first few times just because we have a lot of people who are like, how do we open a link to zoom or
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: something like
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: know. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: And then yeah, I feel like, you know, I've watched I had a bunch of things on my netflix list and now it's like down to 20 things. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I definitely went through the netflix and HBO binging and now I'm just like my eyes are so tired, like I got to do something else with my life. Mhm. Yeah. What
SPEAKER_R: right.
SPEAKER_L: do you watch on netflix?
SPEAKER_R: Um I think I recently finished up, oh gosh, what was it
SPEAKER_L: Do
SPEAKER_R: Russian
SPEAKER_L: you think
SPEAKER_R: doll? The walmart, she keeps on
SPEAKER_L: so?
SPEAKER_R: going back in time um started on Narcos I heard that's good but I just never got around to it because I was like it seems too gory and now I'm like whatever I'll watch anything. Um What's actually been really good I've gotten through the original Narcos home, starting on Narcos Mexico pretty soon. Um Gosh I think I'm just watching
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: all the big Name ones to be honest. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um I watched Russian Doll a while ago, was very very good. Um I was trying to finish Ozark because the season three came out and I think I watched two episodes right when all this started, but everything else was so stressing, it's like I can't focus on this right now with storylines too complicated. Um I don't even know I've been on HBO lately so I've been rewatching Friends because it's like this mindless show I can have on in the background. That's been kind of nice and then just trying to find some different movies just to occupy my time. But yeah and and pious reading in the other for doodles of free time that I have so been getting through quite a few books which has been nice but still just kind of sitting around and yeah
SPEAKER_R: Are you allowed
SPEAKER_L: delivery.
SPEAKER_R: to go part? I have a bit of a tick on my throat. Are you allowed to go outside and just walk around at all or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I can't so like normally I live up in the D. C. Area um but because I can work remotely my partner lives down in florida so I just like all right, well I'm just going to go live in florida while this is going on. So like D. C. I'd be walking around a lot but now I'm here and I'm just in kind of this little cul de sac, so it's just circle that goes around so they can walk around there, but all the state parks are closed um definitely not going to go to any beaches, so it's just kind of looping around the house again and again, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I could see how that would get old super fast.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I'm used to the city and I can go every which way and not necessarily have to run into anybody because there are trails and stuff, but there's at least something to do and look at and here it's just houses and trees and nothing. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I actually was in D. C. for about a year back in 2014. Um
SPEAKER_L: nice.
SPEAKER_R: so I'm kind of curious
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: because I was only there for a little while. Um I worked on one to K. Street like organizations which was once it's and I used to hang out in Dupont Circle all the time under that mountain and just read in the shade. Um And those silent ratings were a big thing when I was in D. C. No I don't know anything.
SPEAKER_L: Um I make it a dupont every now and then, it's
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: kind of like I could go after work just hop on the bus. Um But yeah, it's usually like wandering around like oh what can I do? There's like limitless opportunities. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: And yeah, just going to the monuments and museums, just kind of walking around in my own space was always really nice and I miss I miss it. It's like I wanted to get out of the big city for all of this and now I'm thinking I need something to do,
SPEAKER_R: Shit.
SPEAKER_L: but that's good. Get back up there eventually.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah for sure. I mean I'm hoping maybe fall or winter but
SPEAKER_L: Who?
SPEAKER_R: it sounds more like 2021 and I like refuse to accept that you know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It's been weird. Our office is trying to figure out what we want to do and like part of the places reopening, but then our offices, our office specifically is kind of like, yeah, if everybody is going to be coming back, we don't want to be in the mix. So I think we're just gonna wait it out until probably the spring like okay,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: clearly I can do my job from home so I'll use that in the future. Why? But that's, that's fun,
SPEAKER_R: You know.
SPEAKER_L: interesting. Do you least have people with you that can, you can kind of socialize with? I don't
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: was in sacramento which is the state capital California had a couple of housemates there but one of my housemates is a
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: medical student and so she's actually been doing um you know direct services with people after a while it was kind of like you know, she was sort of saying hey you know maybe you all should kind of go elsewhere because she's directly reaching out to the homeless population and I was like you know that sounds fair. And also
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: my other housemate, he just kind of those guys who's there and he's a big video gamer, he's really into like Call of Duty and yeah I'm like okay video gamers are fine but he has basically been furloughed. So he was
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: playing
SPEAKER_L: is,
SPEAKER_R: like all the time. I was like I might murder this guy um because he's like got his head set and he's just like yelling at his friends. Yeah, so I was like it's actually okay to go back home. I will not, you know my parents, you put them in front of tv and they're
SPEAKER_L: Keep
SPEAKER_R: happy to watch jeopardy for hours.
SPEAKER_L: there you go. Yeah, my parents are the same calling me up about what happened on wheel of fortune is like, sounds great. It's just,
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Mhm Hi.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, my partner has been on call duty lately as well, A friend of ours is stuck in Germany, so he's just up all hours of the night on that game and I'm just trying to read, all I hear is yelling and just, I'm just like, oh my gosh, it's just a game. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: man. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Little
SPEAKER_R: And I tried watching once. I was like, okay, let me see what the big deal is and I'm like okay.
SPEAKER_L: It just seems so repetitive. Like they just start in the same place every time and then die and then it starts all over this. Isn't that entertaining? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm like maybe if you're doing it. But as someone who's watching, I'm like, yeah, ok. Yeah, same thing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely not one of those watchable games. Some of, some of them are okay to watch, like there's a story line here. I can kind of get into this, but no, not this one. Uh you know
SPEAKER_R: So I guess
SPEAKER_L: please
SPEAKER_R: after all of this fish is up, like is there anything you're super
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: excited
SPEAKER_L: reading
SPEAKER_R: to do? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: weird, I honestly just want to go sit in a coffee shop and just be in that coffee shop space again. Like I I usually make my coffee at home, like coffee shop, just kind of a random triple, let's kind of go and just hang out for a bit and I just really want to sit and just be somewhere that's not a desk or a kitchen table and that's honestly the one thing I'm looking forward to and then
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: probably just
SPEAKER_R: First.
SPEAKER_L: going back to my own apartment again, having a life would be nice. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Kind of a similar vein, like I don't usually eat out a bunch like usually it's maybe once or twice a month, but I've become really fixated on this idea of going to a restaurant with my friends and just like
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: being around a bunch of other people and not being like, oh my God, you know, someone sneezes, it's all over for us all. Um I mean kind of a lot and you know, I haven't seen like my best friend in a while, I haven't seen pretty much all of my friends and forever, I'm just like,
SPEAKER_L: Mr speaker
SPEAKER_R: you know, assume is fine, but sometimes it feels like we're all aliens pretending to be humans, you know, and I just like to meet them in person, you know, have a meal or a potluck and like give him a hug and that's pretty much it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Some sense of normalcy. Uh Yeah, I'm already a little bit of a germophobe. So when people cough near me, I'm just like, just, and now every time I go out I hear somebody clear their throat and I'm like, how close are you doing? I don't want to have that anymore. I just want to, like you said, go out and somebody coughs, it's okay. I'm not going to get the really ill. So yeah, that would be nice to return to.
SPEAKER_R: It's, yeah. Yeah. I guess I was withdrew bow to not too much, but um I work in state
SPEAKER_L: difficult.
SPEAKER_R: government and we have this very strong anti vaccination movement and always had these people coming in
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: with like their
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: unvaccinated Children. And I was always like not taking this door
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: knob not going to this bathroom.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, that would drive me crazy. I used to work in a healthcare setting with kids and it's just just so hyper aware of every time a kid puts his hand in his mouth and then touches something so it just sticks with you. Oh yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yep.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh. But yeah normal friend interactions would be nice. I just moved to D. C. Last year and had just kind of started meeting people outside of my immediate office. And then right at the when that was finally culminating to something everything got shut down. So it's like these awkward texts like how are you doing? We've only hung out four times but I'd like to still stay in touch somehow for when this all goes. That's normal. It's been weird. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you're doing on that. Like I met a couple of people in you know like february and March. I was like oh you're really cool and now we're doing that whole like hi I'm emailing you, how are you? Question mark
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: went D. D.
SPEAKER_L: some point in the long distant future?
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. So are you like from florida originally then? It sounds like
SPEAKER_L: No um we gosh this whole long story. I was working in Virginia and my partner was up in Maryland working and we're finally we have a long distance relationship for years just because jobs have taken us every which way and trying to establish that career aspect. And we finally had it worked out where we could both be in the D. C. Area and he got relocated to florida the same week. I got a job up in D. C. So it's like oh this sucks. So yeah this past just this past year he's been down here. Um So when I saw the opportunity and we're going to be working remotely for an undetermined time like all right we'll see I'll be down here. But yeah it's kind of a new state for both of us this year but we're both excited I think to go back to civilization. It's just kind of this empty barren wasteland in this part of florida. Like we're not in like southern like the main part of florida. It's like the
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Alabama part of florida. So it's there's just there's nothing down here, a lot of strange people and alligators and that's about it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So it's not powerful enough then. Yeah. You know when I was in D. C. Um they sent me out to a lot of different states and they were never the parts of the states where you want to go because I was kind of working on like voter engagement. So I remember being in like really rural Alabama just
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: outside
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: of Obama actually and it was it was like super hot, super sweaty and I was just like there's a lot of interesting folks here, you know, I've never seen people decorate bullet casings before. Yeah I mean
SPEAKER_L: It is a unique area down here. It's I drove down and I was told that I'll probably be driving through like a country area fields in Alabama and I grew up in the country so I figured out it's not that big of a deal. Soon as I got off the highway in central Alabama, I was like oh this is very different and like just let me get to florida, just gotta get through this one part of the state. It was very sketchy. Yeah, I would not recommend driving through that part of Alabama. Oh my gosh, yeah, it's weird down here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: still a lot, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and I'm glad I'm not in southern florida because old man, What a what a mess of a situation down there. So
SPEAKER_R: New
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: episode
SPEAKER_L: set
SPEAKER_R: from
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: the new epicenter. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh, it's bad. It's better. Mhm. Are you from California? Are you from Sacramento?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah from California also kind of bounced around a decent
SPEAKER_L: Step
SPEAKER_R: bit. Um I don't know when you graduated by graduate on like the tail end of the Great Recession so
SPEAKER_L: two?
SPEAKER_R: it was like 2012 and I was competing to work at T. J. Maxx which didn't quite right. Um It's like this white in high school kind of thing. Uh going to South Korea
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: and I taught english
SPEAKER_L: Come
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: for about year. I was really close to North Korea. So there were a lot of military folk there actually kind of fun because um like military service is mandatory for all South korean men and they tend to do it
SPEAKER_L: Woman.
SPEAKER_R: right at your high school or after college. So you basically have a bunch of board late teens to early twenties dudes around and they were like, we're foreigner and you're kind of interested in learning korean. So they taught me a little bit of korean, but it was mostly the bad words to be honest. And then they were also, I'm pretty sure they could get in trouble for this at one point, they're like, do you want right in a tank? I was like, okay,
SPEAKER_L: Oh
SPEAKER_R: they're
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: like don't
SPEAKER_L: Good
SPEAKER_R: touch anything, just
SPEAKER_L: business.
SPEAKER_R: sitting there, right? So
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it was a really fun experience.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: Um The kids were for the most part super sweet. Um There's always you know a couple who are like oh you're Kobe a troublemaker for sure. Um And then like came back worked with um english language learners for a while and then end up in D. C. Working for this like civil rights nonprofit that was pretty big on
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: like education, voting rights, all those sort of things because the kids I worked with being english language learners um They also tend to be immigrants so there's a lot of like kind of unmet needs there. Yeah. You know was back in soccer meto did the whole state government thing. It's been coming up on about five years and it's so weird because apparently in politics um most people turn over after a couple of years so all of a sudden I'm like one of the old people and I'm sort of like, this doesn't all right, like why are you asking for help, you know?
SPEAKER_L: The whole imposter syndrome.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, right. I'm like, I'm senior staff, like how how does that work? Oh, so it's been kind of interesting. I've gotten to see how sausage gets made, which is, you know, kind of a good thing to do. Um And I think the whole Covid thing and working from home, and then I also had some injuries like last year that were kind of a big deal. That whole thing is kind of making me do, I guess that whole midlife crisis a little bit early where is only why I want to like, because um when Covid initially happened, like, there is a really big reluctance for us to work from home and to shut down, and we were actually kind of scolded as staff for wanting to work from home, where they're like, you're in public service, you're supposed to be serving the people like you chose this. I
SPEAKER_L: goodness.
SPEAKER_R: want to help people. I just don't want to die doing it preferably. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'll be a front line worker.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So yeah, it's just a lot of like these kind of big questions where it's sort of like, you know, if I don't do this, then what is kind the next step and I feel like you'll probably be working in a department or an agency because I feel like there's a need for people who understand the legislative system um in the implementation side.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Big time.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, how about you? Like how did you, because it sounds like you've moved around a lot for work, so health care of some sort, Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think I definitely understand where you're coming from. Um I'm in academia, so I work at a university at what I thought I'd always do and a similar thing. I had some injuries a few years ago or I realized I may not be able to do this, I had a pretty bad concussion and just
SPEAKER_R: Ooh,
SPEAKER_L: I couldn't read, I couldn't remember anything I was reading and it was right at a time where I was supposed to follow an advisor to a different university and work for her. I was just like I can't do this like what if I just never recover from this and like I was just so on that path of a lot you get a PhD in X. Y. Z. And I finally decided I don't want that and I don't need it. So it was like this whole flip flap of like oh my god what am I doing? Um And I went to a different lab, I didn't follow her, I'm like I don't know what I'm doing with my life right now. So I worked in a different lab, hated it and then I got this job in D. C. And I hate it again and I'm just like, okay,
SPEAKER_R: differently.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's a combination of me and I just don't like this career field. So I'm like heaven like a core life crisis. Like all right, well
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I got to find something else to do. So I've been looking at education, outreach programs overseas and stuff like that just because it just seems more interesting and I want to do something more and then I love learning new languages so anything I can apply to going to be in this country, I should learn this language or at least working with the people in this country. So trying to figure something out because
SPEAKER_R: I'm going to,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I want to do something. I enjoy help better something cause I'm not bettering anything. I mean I kind of am, but it's such a long term. This could benefit people if they read research and then if hospitals implemented, but it's not something direct. So
SPEAKER_R: I'm gonna be really glad that we got randomly assigned to each other because I have had those exact same thoughts like government. You're like, okay, this could totally help people if it's implemented correctly. If we have the fun, you know? So yeah, kind of a similar thing has been going through my mind because working directly with kids, it is a little bit tough sometimes. But on the other hand, it was like you could see the change happen right away. But then it was also like, you're only helping them one classroom at time. And I've really been struggling with that question of like, you know, sort of level of impact versus like time to impact. It does seem to not really be correlated.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. There's a huge gap there. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: So,
SPEAKER_L: that was kind of weird. We got paired kind of on the same sometimes there.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, yes. But yeah, I mean, I've, I don't know, I've been like trying to figure out those questions for myself too, and it's really tough because I feel like there's only so much internal work you can do and then it's a little bit like, you know, you're kind of digging for gold, but you're not necessarily go pick it up. Yeah. Yeah. Like have you had any luck and kind of like sussing things out or? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: kind of I'm still in that bouncing around phase of like I could have done anything and I chose this and I've already done all the education in it. So I think I'm just struggling with, I did my education in the field that I'm in. So like now now what
SPEAKER_R: Out.
SPEAKER_L: do I do? Like who's gonna want me? Because I'm Approaches 8, 9 years of experience in my field and it's like I'm applying to these jobs where they want 10 years of experience and something I don't have but I have a piece of it. So it's like that struggle of how do I market myself correctly to at least capture their attention if I could do this, if you give me a chance. But, you know, I don't know. I think I'm trying to tie in interests and passions more than just what my education has told me to be interested in so far. So it's kind of teasing all that apart and trying to merged the two at the same time while also not creating my passion into my job. So I don't hate it 2030 years from now. So yeah, I don't, I don't know, see how it goes, I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, I mean, I don't know if this would be helpful for you, but it was kind of a light bulb moment for me. Um I was recently talking with this one woman who was actually when I met in like february. So it's also one of those awkward things of like, I don't really know you we haven't talked for like four months. Um but she's in a field I'm kind of interested in, but at the same time also a little bit scared of going into because it's more um it's a little bit more like commission based and it's a lot more like you have to be more entrepreneurial and I'm kind of used to like government where you can kind of, you know, chuck along just fine if you really want. Um I'm saying to me, she was like, She didn't realize this until I think she was close to 40 where she was started. Like, you know, I've always approached things of like how do I make myself fit the job description because you know, you're always trying to find that job and she said she sat down for like a solid week and just like wrote her own job description and let me tell you, I've been trying to do that. It is so hard. Um but
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: she was already, you can make your own job description and then try to find other descriptions that actually exists on the market that matched that she said. That's a much better way of going about it. Um Because you're kind of like, I already know what you're looking for as opposed to like, oh yeah, I could maybe do this and of course my biggest fear when I start doing this is, but I'll write something and there's going to be nothing that looks like this. Um But I thought at least I'll do the experiment and again, it is super tough. Like you have to sit there and be like, what do I actually want to do if I could make my own job? And I've never thought like that before.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I haven't either. That's who, that actually scares me a little bit like, oh, man, because I've just now branched out a little bit more of like, what could I do outside of a research lab? And I'm looking at these descriptions. It's like, I
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: guess I could do that I guess I could stretch it but now yeah thinking the opposite wish I shouldn't have to stretch myself. I should just I should just find something that actually works for me. Oh no I got to redo my whole approach here.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, you know, it's it's an experiment, right? So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I don't have to give it a try. That's really good advice. I want to take some time because I need it needs to be done. It's been like that in my free time. Well it's kind of job browse and yeah I should take more direct direct approach would be nice. Right
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so that's good. Good thing. You met her solid
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean,
SPEAKER_L: person right there?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it was another one of those super random kind of things. Um because you know, again work in politics so like we get a lot of groups who are trade organizations who come and sort of lobby like, hey, you know, um on behalf of this industry and I ended up just like meeting her and we kind of talked about what she was there to talk about and then we just end up talking about other things and we were kind of similar in that, you know, we're both asian american and she was kind of like talking about how she wanted to like serve her community in a more direct way. And I'm just like okay like we're friends now, you don't know this but you're becoming my friend. So and
SPEAKER_L: Teach
SPEAKER_R: that was
SPEAKER_L: me where it is.
SPEAKER_R: actually a similar thing kind of happened like last year too there was just this one random person and I was like I like your poster like we're friends now you know? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Sometimes it's just that easy. Oh
SPEAKER_R: What do you see do you see can be a
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: hard place to meet people I found. So like people are career oriented. Um Okay.
SPEAKER_L: my goodness. And like I've always considered myself career oriented but then I think I came from a very small midwest town so it wasn't very hard to be career oriented and then I get to D. C. And I'm like oh so far behind everybody. Oh my gosh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I remember being in D. C. And I used to like people coming up and asking like how are you as their first question and people would come up and be like what school did you go to, who do you work for, Where do you work? And I was just like whoa.
SPEAKER_L: like I had similar experiences. I got that a lot being in academia in general but then being in the workforce longer than school now it's like can we like move past that? Like get to actually know people rather than who they've worked for before. Sometimes I'll throw about a random name just to throw people off you worked for. So and so and then I'll switch it up now. No I didn't just I knew them but I I need to be conceited about it and I just wanted to know what your reaction was gonna be
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: because usually now I get the reaction of oh you worked at this school but you don't know this person like there are completely different feel than I I would never meet them. Yeah it's interesting. I just want to meet people I don't want to meet their entire
SPEAKER_R: resume.
SPEAKER_L: work resume. Yeah it's not that important when it comes down to it. So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: 100% with you there. Um I think I think it does work out in the end because like, you know, I've in my field like people kind of hand out business cards like it's You know that's the thing, I remember when I started they gave me a box and I think it was 500 business cards and I was like are you kidding me, I'll never get through all of these like and then before you know what, I'm like whoa, what just happened here? Um But yeah definitely people are kind of like oh you work for so and so
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: like this elected official and there's this weird kind of dynamic that comes with that and a lot of times I think I can still get away with appearing to be the intern. Um at least until people hear me talk for an extended period of time. So sometimes I would just be like yeah, I'm just the intern and I like seeing how they want so.
SPEAKER_L: wow. It's a lot of fun sometimes I got I always get so what classes are you taking? Like? No I've been out of school for six years, I'm not a student and they're just so shocked by it and I'm just like I mean
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: I'm glad I look young like I'll take it but man I'm not a student. Yeah it gets old but it's fun to play with people sometimes. Like make them believe it for a while and then completely shocked them. It's fun. A good place to do. It is D. C. And like the big the big cities. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Well I guess we've talked for there a lot of time.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Yeah I think it's been half an hour or so. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: did you get what you want?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it'll be really interesting to me. There's a party that wants to like backwards engineer this and be like what are you studying here, like you know
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I always trying to figure it out coming from the same background and it's like I wonder what people really think we're looking at. So
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: I love the surveys where it's like what do you think this study was about? And I'm like I was totally totally X I don't know what you're thinking.
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah it was it was good to talk with you from
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: the other side of the country. I realized I didn't get your name, I don't know if you want to share it or not, it's probably not gonna marry, we'll never see each other but
SPEAKER_L: probably not. Yeah I mean I'm Ashley. Is that you know.
SPEAKER_R: Well I'm current so it was
SPEAKER_L: salute.
SPEAKER_R: good to meet you for half an hour, you know
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's a good match. It was a good match. Well
SPEAKER_R: Right. Well who is? Oh go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: I guess good luck with everything. And hope your quarter life crisis and soon. It's not fun. I feel your pain and I hope you find something enjoyable. Worth it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and the exact same thing back to you like you know let's you know, I hope the experiment goes well with running your own job description. But if what, you know, I feel there should be lots of opportunities. Right? Hopefully.
SPEAKER_L: Hopefully one would think what if you're trying I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Yeah. And you know, hopefully Covid and soon and we can both be a coffee shop and a restaurant
SPEAKER_L: Sounds
SPEAKER_R: with her friends.
SPEAKER_L: lovely. All right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm trying to find
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: you accept this.
SPEAKER_L: I guess we're just closed the window I think. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: all right.
SPEAKER_L: bye.