Hi.
I guess. Yeah, I don't know. All right.
Yeah. Yeah, it's like zero social interaction at all and now. Oh complete strangers. Uh huh. Mhm. Um Yeah it's pretty uh been pretty weird but managing working from home and than not doing anything after being at home all day, so
it's a little strange. What about you?
I
don't
know. Mhm.
Yeah, I definitely went through the netflix and HBO binging and now I'm just like my eyes are so tired, like I got to do something else with my life. Mhm. Yeah. What
do you watch on netflix?
Do
you think
so?
No.
Yeah. Um I watched Russian Doll a while ago, was very very good. Um I was trying to finish Ozark because the season three came out and I think I watched two episodes right when all this started, but everything else was so stressing, it's like I can't focus on this right now with storylines too complicated. Um I don't even know I've been on HBO lately so I've been rewatching Friends because it's like this mindless show I can have on in the background. That's been kind of nice and then just trying to find some different movies just to occupy my time. But yeah and and pious reading in the other for doodles of free time that I have so been getting through quite a few books which has been nice but still just kind of sitting around and yeah
delivery.
Yeah I can't so like normally I live up in the D. C. Area um but because I can work remotely my partner lives down in florida so I just like all right, well I'm just going to go live in florida while this is going on. So like D. C. I'd be walking around a lot but now I'm here and I'm just in kind of this little cul de sac, so it's just circle that goes around so they can walk around there, but all the state parks are closed um definitely not going to go to any beaches, so it's just kind of looping around the house again and again, so
yeah, I'm used to the city and I can go every which way and not necessarily have to run into anybody because there are trails and stuff, but there's at least something to do and look at and here it's just houses and trees and nothing. Mhm.
nice.
No.
Um I make it a dupont every now and then, it's
kind of like I could go after work just hop on the bus. Um But yeah, it's usually like wandering around like oh what can I do? There's like limitless opportunities. Um
And yeah, just going to the monuments and museums, just kind of walking around in my own space was always really nice and I miss I miss it. It's like I wanted to get out of the big city for all of this and now I'm thinking I need something to do,
but that's good. Get back up there eventually.
Who?
Yeah. Yeah. It's been weird. Our office is trying to figure out what we want to do and like part of the places reopening, but then our offices, our office specifically is kind of like, yeah, if everybody is going to be coming back, we don't want to be in the mix. So I think we're just gonna wait it out until probably the spring like okay,
clearly I can do my job from home so I'll use that in the future. Why? But that's, that's fun,
interesting. Do you least have people with you that can, you can kind of socialize with? I don't
know.
So
So.
this
is,
Keep
there you go. Yeah, my parents are the same calling me up about what happened on wheel of fortune is like, sounds great. It's just,
yeah, my partner has been on call duty lately as well, A friend of ours is stuck in Germany, so he's just up all hours of the night on that game and I'm just trying to read, all I hear is yelling and just, I'm just like, oh my gosh, it's just a game. Oh
man. Yeah.
Little
It just seems so repetitive. Like they just start in the same place every time and then die and then it starts all over this. Isn't that entertaining? Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely not one of those watchable games. Some of, some of them are okay to watch, like there's a story line here. I can kind of get into this, but no, not this one. Uh you know
please
I was
reading
weird, I honestly just want to go sit in a coffee shop and just be in that coffee shop space again. Like I I usually make my coffee at home, like coffee shop, just kind of a random triple, let's kind of go and just hang out for a bit and I just really want to sit and just be somewhere that's not a desk or a kitchen table and that's honestly the one thing I'm looking forward to and then
probably just
going back to my own apartment again, having a life would be nice. What about you?
just
Mr speaker
Yeah. Some sense of normalcy. Uh Yeah, I'm already a little bit of a germophobe. So when people cough near me, I'm just like, just, and now every time I go out I hear somebody clear their throat and I'm like, how close are you doing? I don't want to have that anymore. I just want to, like you said, go out and somebody coughs, it's okay. I'm not going to get the really ill. So yeah, that would be nice to return to.
difficult.
well,
what?
What?
Yeah. Yeah, that would drive me crazy. I used to work in a healthcare setting with kids and it's just just so hyper aware of every time a kid puts his hand in his mouth and then touches something so it just sticks with you. Oh yeah
yep.
Oh my gosh. But yeah normal friend interactions would be nice. I just moved to D. C. Last year and had just kind of started meeting people outside of my immediate office. And then right at the when that was finally culminating to something everything got shut down. So it's like these awkward texts like how are you doing? We've only hung out four times but I'd like to still stay in touch somehow for when this all goes. That's normal. It's been weird. Yeah.
What
some point in the long distant future?
No um we gosh this whole long story. I was working in Virginia and my partner was up in Maryland working and we're finally we have a long distance relationship for years just because jobs have taken us every which way and trying to establish that career aspect. And we finally had it worked out where we could both be in the D. C. Area and he got relocated to florida the same week. I got a job up in D. C. So it's like oh this sucks. So yeah this past just this past year he's been down here. Um So when I saw the opportunity and we're going to be working remotely for an undetermined time like all right we'll see I'll be down here. But yeah it's kind of a new state for both of us this year but we're both excited I think to go back to civilization. It's just kind of this empty barren wasteland in this part of florida. Like we're not in like southern like the main part of florida. It's like the
Alabama part of florida. So it's there's just there's nothing down here, a lot of strange people and alligators and that's about it.
thank
you.
It is a unique area down here. It's I drove down and I was told that I'll probably be driving through like a country area fields in Alabama and I grew up in the country so I figured out it's not that big of a deal. Soon as I got off the highway in central Alabama, I was like oh this is very different and like just let me get to florida, just gotta get through this one part of the state. It was very sketchy. Yeah, I would not recommend driving through that part of Alabama. Oh my gosh, yeah, it's weird down here. Yeah.
But
and I'm glad I'm not in southern florida because old man, What a what a mess of a situation down there. So
all
set
what?
Yes.
Oh my gosh, it's bad. It's better. Mhm. Are you from California? Are you from Sacramento?
Step
two?
Good.
Come
on.
Woman.
Oh
no.
Good
business.
That's awesome.
So
We
The whole imposter syndrome.
goodness.
I'll be a front line worker.
Yeah. Big time.
I think I definitely understand where you're coming from. Um I'm in academia, so I work at a university at what I thought I'd always do and a similar thing. I had some injuries a few years ago or I realized I may not be able to do this, I had a pretty bad concussion and just
I couldn't read, I couldn't remember anything I was reading and it was right at a time where I was supposed to follow an advisor to a different university and work for her. I was just like I can't do this like what if I just never recover from this and like I was just so on that path of a lot you get a PhD in X. Y. Z. And I finally decided I don't want that and I don't need it. So it was like this whole flip flap of like oh my god what am I doing? Um And I went to a different lab, I didn't follow her, I'm like I don't know what I'm doing with my life right now. So I worked in a different lab, hated it and then I got this job in D. C. And I hate it again and I'm just like, okay,
I think it's a combination of me and I just don't like this career field. So I'm like heaven like a core life crisis. Like all right, well
I got to find something else to do. So I've been looking at education, outreach programs overseas and stuff like that just because it just seems more interesting and I want to do something more and then I love learning new languages so anything I can apply to going to be in this country, I should learn this language or at least working with the people in this country. So trying to figure something out because
yeah, I want to do something. I enjoy help better something cause I'm not bettering anything. I mean I kind of am, but it's such a long term. This could benefit people if they read research and then if hospitals implemented, but it's not something direct. So
Yeah. Yeah. There's a huge gap there. Yeah,
that was kind of weird. We got paired kind of on the same sometimes there.
kind of I'm still in that bouncing around phase of like I could have done anything and I chose this and I've already done all the education in it. So I think I'm just struggling with, I did my education in the field that I'm in. So like now now what
do I do? Like who's gonna want me? Because I'm Approaches 8, 9 years of experience in my field and it's like I'm applying to these jobs where they want 10 years of experience and something I don't have but I have a piece of it. So it's like that struggle of how do I market myself correctly to at least capture their attention if I could do this, if you give me a chance. But, you know, I don't know. I think I'm trying to tie in interests and passions more than just what my education has told me to be interested in so far. So it's kind of teasing all that apart and trying to merged the two at the same time while also not creating my passion into my job. So I don't hate it 2030 years from now. So yeah, I don't, I don't know, see how it goes, I guess.
Hi.
Yeah. I haven't either. That's who, that actually scares me a little bit like, oh, man, because I've just now branched out a little bit more of like, what could I do outside of a research lab? And I'm looking at these descriptions. It's like, I
guess I could do that I guess I could stretch it but now yeah thinking the opposite wish I shouldn't have to stretch myself. I should just I should just find something that actually works for me. Oh no I got to redo my whole approach here.
Yeah I don't have to give it a try. That's really good advice. I want to take some time because I need it needs to be done. It's been like that in my free time. Well it's kind of job browse and yeah I should take more direct direct approach would be nice. Right
so that's good. Good thing. You met her solid
person right there?
Teach
me where it is.
Sometimes it's just that easy. Oh
Well
my goodness. And like I've always considered myself career oriented but then I think I came from a very small midwest town so it wasn't very hard to be career oriented and then I get to D. C. And I'm like oh so far behind everybody. Oh my gosh. Yeah.
like I had similar experiences. I got that a lot being in academia in general but then being in the workforce longer than school now it's like can we like move past that? Like get to actually know people rather than who they've worked for before. Sometimes I'll throw about a random name just to throw people off you worked for. So and so and then I'll switch it up now. No I didn't just I knew them but I I need to be conceited about it and I just wanted to know what your reaction was gonna be
because usually now I get the reaction of oh you worked at this school but you don't know this person like there are completely different feel than I I would never meet them. Yeah it's interesting. I just want to meet people I don't want to meet their entire
work resume. Yeah it's not that important when it comes down to it. So. Yeah.
What?
wow. It's a lot of fun sometimes I got I always get so what classes are you taking? Like? No I've been out of school for six years, I'm not a student and they're just so shocked by it and I'm just like I mean
I'm glad I look young like I'll take it but man I'm not a student. Yeah it gets old but it's fun to play with people sometimes. Like make them believe it for a while and then completely shocked them. It's fun. A good place to do. It is D. C. And like the big the big cities. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Well I guess we've talked for there a lot of time.
did you get what you want?
Yeah. I always trying to figure it out coming from the same background and it's like I wonder what people really think we're looking at. So
I love the surveys where it's like what do you think this study was about? And I'm like I was totally totally X I don't know what you're thinking.
No.
probably not. Yeah I mean I'm Ashley. Is that you know.
salute.
Yeah it's a good match. It was a good match. Well
I guess good luck with everything. And hope your quarter life crisis and soon. It's not fun. I feel your pain and I hope you find something enjoyable. Worth it.
Hopefully one would think what if you're trying I guess.
Sounds
lovely. All right.
How
I guess we're just closed the window I think. Okay,
bye.