Hey there.
Uh huh. Okay, okay, great, The audio is working okay. Mm. Uh So I guess this is kind of free form from what they said, just like start talking.
always have you been like, it was kind of interesting to talk to someone I've never met because we've all been like sheltering at home for a while.
Box
uh kind of similar again, like doing an office job so he could transition to work at home. It was definitely bumpy the first few times just because we have a lot of people who are like, how do we open a link to zoom or
something like
that?
And then yeah, I feel like, you know, I've watched I had a bunch of things on my netflix list and now it's like down to 20 things. Oh
right.
Um I think I recently finished up, oh gosh, what was it
Russian
doll? The walmart, she keeps on
going back in time um started on Narcos I heard that's good but I just never got around to it because I was like it seems too gory and now I'm like whatever I'll watch anything. Um What's actually been really good I've gotten through the original Narcos home, starting on Narcos Mexico pretty soon. Um Gosh I think I'm just watching
all the big Name ones to be honest. How about you?
Are you allowed
to go part? I have a bit of a tick on my throat. Are you allowed to go outside and just walk around at all or?
Yeah I could see how that would get old super fast.
Yeah I actually was in D. C. for about a year back in 2014. Um
so I'm kind of curious
because I was only there for a little while. Um I worked on one to K. Street like organizations which was once it's and I used to hang out in Dupont Circle all the time under that mountain and just read in the shade. Um And those silent ratings were a big thing when I was in D. C. No I don't know anything.
What?
Mhm. Mhm.
Shit.
Yeah for sure. I mean I'm hoping maybe fall or winter but
it sounds more like 2021 and I like refuse to accept that you know.
Mhm.
You know.
I
was in sacramento which is the state capital California had a couple of housemates there but one of my housemates is a
medical student and so she's actually been doing um you know direct services with people after a while it was kind of like you know, she was sort of saying hey you know maybe you all should kind of go elsewhere because she's directly reaching out to the homeless population and I was like you know that sounds fair. And also
my other housemate, he just kind of those guys who's there and he's a big video gamer, he's really into like Call of Duty and yeah I'm like okay video gamers are fine but he has basically been furloughed. So he was
playing
like all the time. I was like I might murder this guy um because he's like got his head set and he's just like yelling at his friends. Yeah, so I was like it's actually okay to go back home. I will not, you know my parents, you put them in front of tv and they're
happy to watch jeopardy for hours.
Right. Yeah. Mhm Hi.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I tried watching once. I was like, okay, let me see what the big deal is and I'm like okay.
I'm like maybe if you're doing it. But as someone who's watching, I'm like, yeah, ok. Yeah, same thing.
So I guess
after all of this fish is up, like is there anything you're super
excited
to do? Yeah.
correct.
First.
Uh Kind of a similar vein, like I don't usually eat out a bunch like usually it's maybe once or twice a month, but I've become really fixated on this idea of going to a restaurant with my friends and just like
being around a bunch of other people and not being like, oh my God, you know, someone sneezes, it's all over for us all. Um I mean kind of a lot and you know, I haven't seen like my best friend in a while, I haven't seen pretty much all of my friends and forever, I'm just like,
you know, assume is fine, but sometimes it feels like we're all aliens pretending to be humans, you know, and I just like to meet them in person, you know, have a meal or a potluck and like give him a hug and that's pretty much it.
It's, yeah. Yeah. I guess I was withdrew bow to not too much, but um I work in state
government and we have this very strong anti vaccination movement and always had these people coming in
with like their
unvaccinated Children. And I was always like not taking this door
knob not going to this bathroom.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
you're doing on that. Like I met a couple of people in you know like february and March. I was like oh you're really cool and now we're doing that whole like hi I'm emailing you, how are you? Question mark
went D. D.
Uh huh. So are you like from florida originally then? It sounds like
No.
Yeah. So it's not powerful enough then. Yeah. You know when I was in D. C. Um they sent me out to a lot of different states and they were never the parts of the states where you want to go because I was kind of working on like voter engagement. So I remember being in like really rural Alabama just
outside
of Obama actually and it was it was like super hot, super sweaty and I was just like there's a lot of interesting folks here, you know, I've never seen people decorate bullet casings before. Yeah I mean
you're
still a lot, yeah.
New
episode
from
the new epicenter. Right.
Good.
Uh Yeah from California also kind of bounced around a decent
bit. Um I don't know when you graduated by graduate on like the tail end of the Great Recession so
it was like 2012 and I was competing to work at T. J. Maxx which didn't quite right. Um It's like this white in high school kind of thing. Uh going to South Korea
and I taught english
there
for about year. I was really close to North Korea. So there were a lot of military folk there actually kind of fun because um like military service is mandatory for all South korean men and they tend to do it
right at your high school or after college. So you basically have a bunch of board late teens to early twenties dudes around and they were like, we're foreigner and you're kind of interested in learning korean. So they taught me a little bit of korean, but it was mostly the bad words to be honest. And then they were also, I'm pretty sure they could get in trouble for this at one point, they're like, do you want right in a tank? I was like, okay,
they're
like don't
touch anything, just
sitting there, right? So
yeah it was a really fun experience.
Um The kids were for the most part super sweet. Um There's always you know a couple who are like oh you're Kobe a troublemaker for sure. Um And then like came back worked with um english language learners for a while and then end up in D. C. Working for this like civil rights nonprofit that was pretty big on
like education, voting rights, all those sort of things because the kids I worked with being english language learners um They also tend to be immigrants so there's a lot of like kind of unmet needs there. Yeah. You know was back in soccer meto did the whole state government thing. It's been coming up on about five years and it's so weird because apparently in politics um most people turn over after a couple of years so all of a sudden I'm like one of the old people and I'm sort of like, this doesn't all right, like why are you asking for help, you know?
yeah, right. I'm like, I'm senior staff, like how how does that work? Oh, so it's been kind of interesting. I've gotten to see how sausage gets made, which is, you know, kind of a good thing to do. Um And I think the whole Covid thing and working from home, and then I also had some injuries like last year that were kind of a big deal. That whole thing is kind of making me do, I guess that whole midlife crisis a little bit early where is only why I want to like, because um when Covid initially happened, like, there is a really big reluctance for us to work from home and to shut down, and we were actually kind of scolded as staff for wanting to work from home, where they're like, you're in public service, you're supposed to be serving the people like you chose this. I
want to help people. I just don't want to die doing it preferably. Yeah.
Yeah. So yeah, it's just a lot of like these kind of big questions where it's sort of like, you know, if I don't do this, then what is kind the next step and I feel like you'll probably be working in a department or an agency because I feel like there's a need for people who understand the legislative system um in the implementation side.
But yeah, how about you? Like how did you, because it sounds like you've moved around a lot for work, so health care of some sort, Yeah.
Ooh,
differently.
Mhm.
I'm going to,
I'm gonna be really glad that we got randomly assigned to each other because I have had those exact same thoughts like government. You're like, okay, this could totally help people if it's implemented correctly. If we have the fun, you know? So yeah, kind of a similar thing has been going through my mind because working directly with kids, it is a little bit tough sometimes. But on the other hand, it was like you could see the change happen right away. But then it was also like, you're only helping them one classroom at time. And I've really been struggling with that question of like, you know, sort of level of impact versus like time to impact. It does seem to not really be correlated.
So,
Oh, yes. But yeah, I mean, I've, I don't know, I've been like trying to figure out those questions for myself too, and it's really tough because I feel like there's only so much internal work you can do and then it's a little bit like, you know, you're kind of digging for gold, but you're not necessarily go pick it up. Yeah. Yeah. Like have you had any luck and kind of like sussing things out or? Yeah.
Out.
Mhm. Yeah, I mean, I don't know if this would be helpful for you, but it was kind of a light bulb moment for me. Um I was recently talking with this one woman who was actually when I met in like february. So it's also one of those awkward things of like, I don't really know you we haven't talked for like four months. Um but she's in a field I'm kind of interested in, but at the same time also a little bit scared of going into because it's more um it's a little bit more like commission based and it's a lot more like you have to be more entrepreneurial and I'm kind of used to like government where you can kind of, you know, chuck along just fine if you really want. Um I'm saying to me, she was like, She didn't realize this until I think she was close to 40 where she was started. Like, you know, I've always approached things of like how do I make myself fit the job description because you know, you're always trying to find that job and she said she sat down for like a solid week and just like wrote her own job description and let me tell you, I've been trying to do that. It is so hard. Um but
she was already, you can make your own job description and then try to find other descriptions that actually exists on the market that matched that she said. That's a much better way of going about it. Um Because you're kind of like, I already know what you're looking for as opposed to like, oh yeah, I could maybe do this and of course my biggest fear when I start doing this is, but I'll write something and there's going to be nothing that looks like this. Um But I thought at least I'll do the experiment and again, it is super tough. Like you have to sit there and be like, what do I actually want to do if I could make my own job? And I've never thought like that before.
And
I mean, you know, it's it's an experiment, right? So.
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean,
yeah, it was another one of those super random kind of things. Um because you know, again work in politics so like we get a lot of groups who are trade organizations who come and sort of lobby like, hey, you know, um on behalf of this industry and I ended up just like meeting her and we kind of talked about what she was there to talk about and then we just end up talking about other things and we were kind of similar in that, you know, we're both asian american and she was kind of like talking about how she wanted to like serve her community in a more direct way. And I'm just like okay like we're friends now, you don't know this but you're becoming my friend. So and
that was
actually a similar thing kind of happened like last year too there was just this one random person and I was like I like your poster like we're friends now you know? Uh huh.
What do you see do you see can be a
hard place to meet people I found. So like people are career oriented. Um Okay.
I remember being in D. C. And I used to like people coming up and asking like how are you as their first question and people would come up and be like what school did you go to, who do you work for, Where do you work? And I was just like whoa.
And
resume.
100% with you there. Um I think I think it does work out in the end because like, you know, I've in my field like people kind of hand out business cards like it's You know that's the thing, I remember when I started they gave me a box and I think it was 500 business cards and I was like are you kidding me, I'll never get through all of these like and then before you know what, I'm like whoa, what just happened here? Um But yeah definitely people are kind of like oh you work for so and so
like this elected official and there's this weird kind of dynamic that comes with that and a lot of times I think I can still get away with appearing to be the intern. Um at least until people hear me talk for an extended period of time. So sometimes I would just be like yeah, I'm just the intern and I like seeing how they want so.
And
Oh yeah. Yeah I think it's been half an hour or so. Okay.
Yeah, it'll be really interesting to me. There's a party that wants to like backwards engineer this and be like what are you studying here, like you know
this
Um Yeah it was it was good to talk with you from
the other side of the country. I realized I didn't get your name, I don't know if you want to share it or not, it's probably not gonna marry, we'll never see each other but
Well I'm current so it was
good to meet you for half an hour, you know
Right. Well who is? Oh go ahead.
Yeah and the exact same thing back to you like you know let's you know, I hope the experiment goes well with running your own job description. But if what, you know, I feel there should be lots of opportunities. Right? Hopefully.
Mm. Yeah. And you know, hopefully Covid and soon and we can both be a coffee shop and a restaurant
with her friends.
Yeah. I'm trying to find
you accept this.
all right.