bleeding? Okay. Yeah. Yeah Okay wow. Yeah. Could you, yeah let's see. Mhm. Mhm. Back here yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah. Mr right okay mm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm mm.
How you doing?
Yeah I tried taking up to it just worked out very well.
I agree. But for me to happen kind of sporadically I don't really I
can't really plan
them in
advance you know if I'm feeling it I'm feeling it otherwise. Well
nice. What kind of work do you do? Does it allow you to take naps when you want?
nice. Training for what?
and what do you do with kids or what will you be
interesting?
Thanks.
What did you study in school?
That's
dope That's awesome.
Do you like Russia particularly? Yeah
we
I understand. Um Is there like do you particularly like Russian literature at all or not really?
Yeah. And you've been keeping up with coding or? Not really?
Um I just finished with college. I went to U. T. Austin here in texas.
Oh where are you guys from?
Oh that's no
thanks.
I did. Um I studied biochemistry and then I had a minor in Arabic so I can definitely share the interest in foreign languages. Uh
Yes with high school have been all right, that's pretty much all my grade school and school life generally have been taking some kind of language. We used to live in Kansas and for whatever reason they taught spanish like from grade school from like elementary school. So I've taken at least seven or eight years of Spanish and then
I took three years of German in high school and then I took a bunch of years of Arabic in college, so I've always really enjoyed learning languages and I've had really, really good experiences general.
I'd say I'm fairly proficient in, Yeah, I don't know if that's a good answer, I'd say I'm going to say proficient in spanish, german and Arabic um to different degrees and then um yeah, but those are the languages I've learned formally, but at home um you know, we obviously speak english but also Gujarati and hindi in order, which are like somewhat similar sometimes. Well actually they're very similar a lot of the times, but they're not similar once you start talking about more complex things because they they kind of, yes, there there
the more complex vocabulary just pulled from different language sources, you know? So yeah, there's like a bunch
of a couple of South asian languages as well that we speak. But yeah, even though I feel more comfortable in those languages because I have kind of like a, I feel for it as like a native speaker um even though I'm not like extremely fluent, but I'd still say that I'm fairly proficient um I can definitely manage in in any, you know, spanish german and Arabic there, so I think it's pretty clear to the person talking to me that I'm not a native speaker.
that's awesome.
Yeah, I totally feel you, I mean with like Gujarati or hindi or do um I, my ability to read and write is limited but I can speak you know pretty well, but when it comes to other languages um I feel better reading, you know? Um yeah, it's weird that like the language that I've been speaking for 22 years, I just like I'm told I'm like a first grader when I'm reading it, you know?
sucks
like.
Oh my god. Really? That's
crazy.
Where did you, where did you immigrate from?
Yeah.
I can't say I know anything about Prue unfortunately.
shit.
Yeah.
That's
crazy.
horrible
Yeah. That's why. Yeah. I mean I had the opportunity to visit back where my parents are from fairly often, so my mom's from indiana dad from Pakistan and you know fortunately we'd go back every summer every other summer so we have really good connections with people at home. But I also have friends that don't go back as often or like you said they mean I grew up here too but their kids that grew up here and don't speak the language that they, you know that their parents speak that well um and that's like like you said it's a tragedy, it's not
even at least for us it's like I don't even have to put in extra work. It just happened by virtue of me being next to my parents just happened so I feel really bad for people who can't you know communicate.
I've heard that sentiment, I think also from from friends of mine who hispanic or talking about their parents that they just didn't want to teach them spanish so that it wouldn't get in their way of learning english or something which is really sad for me to hear. But um to be honest and like the community that I come from, I don't think that that really ever encountered that people want their kids to speak whatever you're doing there kind of sometimes not pissed off and maybe a little bit salty that our kids maybe you don't speak as well as they as well as they would like them to. Um Yeah. How can I ask you about Russia? What was that like
lost a lot
of
weight? Like a lot of weight? Like physically.
That's amazing.
I see.
That's Malcolm
Christine.
political. Oh.
creating.
Did you like put it up online or
not?
Mark?
I got you, wow. What
what does she say about the siege and living through it
attacks?
I didn't.
Quick. Were the nazis
allowing the Children to be taken away or? That done likes whatever?
So
what?
Yeah, I didn't know that.
Everyone
No that was awesome. Can I ask another question um Did you talk a lot to Russians about what they thought about life under like the soviet regime and what they thought about that?
and those, that's awesome. Mhm. Um
I have a really good friend of mine who was over his time
and
university
have been increasingly radicalized
in
the left direction, so
uh he's been reading a lot of women and I've kind of been pulled into it to um and uh there's this entire sector of Youtube that called the self bread tube and it's just a bunch of left to see Youtubers and um they
have they have a lot to say about the USSR and about successes and failures and you know it's it's interesting to think in like an alternate universe when um the USSR didn't have to lose, you know millions, probably tens of millions of people to the to not only its own civil wars, not only invasion from all the other superpowers of the world, not only from and uh from the multiple world wars. You know what USR USSR could have looked like it would have looked like um
All
Great.
Am
I?
Yeah. Is it a thing that should be taken from start to finish or they're like particular chapters? I could read them. They're like in themselves are good experiences.
Do you have any recommendations on the Science fiction front?
How do I stop that?
P
one
More time?
I see it.
which book this links or?
man, I'm so excited to look into this. Uh
but in general when I'm, when I'm talking to my friend or watching movies together and stuff, we were watching this movie called Che and it's got two parts of the world are watching. The first one is about, it's a biopic about Sugawara. Um and the first one followed him throughout the Cuban revolution and you know, it pays him in what seems to be pretty positive light. But you know when when I'm talking about cuba or I'm talking about Lennon or the USSR style in any of that, it's just hard for me to make any like claims or assertions given that I've never actually been there, I've never lived there. I don't know what it was like. So like if if the USSR was a place where you don't have to worry about where you slept and you knew that you had at least a basic amount of food then I don't know how how to say myself if that's good or bad compared to an America where you could potentially have millions of dollars and own a yacht and have the best life like have a life that you would never have. Um Sorry I don't know how to compare those things fairly you know. You know I'd like to say that everybody should have a place to stay and food. If what that means is that you also can't
be like a lavish billionaire then. Yeah it's just like I
just can't compare you know.
I would.
maybe
it's not
even
a lot of people to you know live.
I
I wanted
to ask you that too. I just yeah I don't want to be out of line. Yeah. Let me let me give you my number.
bro. How can I
be,
how can I be South asian and not use, What's that? Crazy?
My name is Burhanuddin.
Yes. Bur H. A. N. You D. D. I. M. Cool.
832 289 UG 1051.
No
way.
This is really
incredible.
I also
would not have. Yeah. Well you can touch though. I hope to
speak to you soon.