I'm doing well about yourself.
um let's see. Um I just had a baby on friday
and I was discharged. I had to have it like it was like a big dramatic like emergency situation. So um had the baby on friday night, got discharged from the hospital on sunday night and so just back at my apartment and trying to uh figure things out. Uh huh. Mhm.
What I thought, you know before I got on this conversation, I didn't want to be one of those like mom convo, people like that, just wanted to manipulate the conversation to be about their baby. But it's like almost like what else do you have to say when that happens? So
so where do you, where you live, like where are you streaming from right now?
Yeah. Like at times
though like pacific standard time zone or like you know, us, Not us, like you know, so um you're in the US somewhere. Okay.
I also
I also am in southern California and mm
yeah, it's a good time. Yeah. So have you ever done any of the chat with a Stranger things before?
I think I've done it like maybe you would think I would know exactly because what the stranger is so weird. Um I've done it twice before and the reason why I don't, I'm a little bit vague about my answer, which is weird, but I did log in one time because they do different rounds. I don't know if you know that, but like they do different rounds. So like every 1 to 2 months they open up a new round of conversations and you can do like a maximum of like three per round. So I have actually been the part, I think this is like the third round I've been a part of. But as you can imagine, some interesting things can happen when you agreed to sign up to chat with a stranger. So there
was one time there was one time where it was really weird, was a young lady and I thought we were just having like a technical difficulty where we could see each other, but apparently like their long story short, there was really no technical difficulty, she just decided she was going to just sit there and pretend like she couldn't hear me for the whole time
well and it was like so uh incredibly awkward because I think it probably took me way too long to realize the situation right. And so yes, I didn't know like should I count that as a chat with a stranger? So that's why my number is kind of off about where, how many chats I've had with a stranger, it's not because I'm cuckoo, but it's just because I don't know do I count that? Because we technically didn't chat and it was just so weird because like we could see each other and I could see her doing stuff in her apartment and um yeah, so that one didn't go so well, I don't even, I think I got credited for doing it because we did make it like the full 25 minutes or whatever. Um But it was just really strange because I'm sure she probably thought I was a lunatic because you know, I just kept like, hey, I'm here, like can you see me? You know, or like, do you hear me? You know like changing my microphone settings and like, you know, doing things in the background just to see if I could like get her attention or see if her webcam maybe wasn't working or you know, so I was kind of embarrassing.
What do you do? I mean it's like you know you you log in, you take the time to log in and you know you're doing other stuff in the daytime and then you kinda you obviously want to get the bonus payment right, you don't want to log in and then you're logged out and I think you get like a dollar if that happens or something. It was like well what do I do have already been on here for like 10 minutes like because I was like well I guess so. So I probably can't I'm sure it can get worse. I'm sure you could get like a total lunatic that just blocks you like a lunatic. But um that was that was kind of uncomfortable. Yeah.
so
how
long have you been on prolific.
Mhm. And is it like
the first like survey platform like you've ever been a part of? Or is it like
Well it's like an easier, it's a little bit of an easier platform to deal with because I've been doing them for like a really long time and you know, like it ebbs and flows. There's times in my life where I've done more and there's times in my life where I've done less and you know, um and I typically I do like work full time too. So obviously it's like I learned about it from Reddit, like beer money, like, you know the situation because I'm, if you're in the survey game kind of for as long as I've been like, it's just the market research world, like you do kind of have to stay, if you're looking to make the type of money that for instance, like say I want to make on it, like you do have to like kind of like look where everyone's going now and what's hot and what's not good anymore and like where people making their money from and stuff because on Reddit, beer money, why I like that particular Reddit or subreddit is because people once a month will post what they made from their different beer money endeavors. And so you can see clearly like people will post their spreadsheets or like, you know, variations of spreadsheets to show where they're making their money from and as people who do all kinds of stuff, like people who are lift drivers, people who just have like side gigs and inside hustles and They like to show you every month, kind of like a brag fest. Like I made this much, but a lot of people on there are just super down to earth and like listen I made $6. I did this, you know, so it's not like it's just people competing. So I liked that separated because I could see like Wow, there's like 15 people who just posted that they're making 500 plus a month on this one website or whatever. So I definitely want to check that out, you know? So that's kind of how I stumbled upon it because other people are kind of helping each other. And there used to be a site that was like really active for those things called slick deals that used to post them and stuff, but again that got sold to like a big conglomerate and like blah blah blah, it's not really active anymore. So you kind of have to just keep hunting and you know, one company will use you a lot and then throw you away, you know, or feel like, you know, you're too, you've done too many surveys so like they don't send you stuff anymore. So you're kind of like hunting a little bit. I just spent, I spent like maybe an hour a month total just looking like signing up at new places that look like credible or looking at where I can make the money because things will dry up and then things will open up. You know what I mean? And I'm not one of those people anymore. At least we're like, I'm willing to do like a one hour survey for a dollar. Like not gonna happen. I mean prolific. Some of them pay better, but some of them don't pay well. But I feel like because their academic studies, like, you know, it makes me feel kind of like they're easy to do and it was easy to get and it was helpful to someone. So aircraft.
Yeah. So yeah, so that's
kind of how I found, I found prolific probably about late in the game because people I've talked to you on this shot have told me like if you're in the survey world, why have you not been on here for like a long time? So I probably started about like three months ago and I've made like actually pretty decent money especially since you just kind of leave it open and you work or you do your own thing and then it comes to you. So that's kind of why I like,
yeah, because you don't want to be hunting. But I mean, you know, I think it's funny because I have like friends or family members who say like, you know, well, first of all they think it's funny that I like to do this stuff. I think it's just so weird that I'm into this because it just doesn't seem like it pays well.
And, and then, you know, they asked me like, my little brother was asking me like, well, how much did you clear like last year for instance? And I told him like my number, it's not like a huge like garden to a number. I don't want you to think like I'm, you know, just raking it in and stuff. But it was like a, it was it was enough to make a difference in my life, let's just say like a difference in a person's life. And he was like, dude, get me started now, like for me to everything like I want as when I was like, but to see the thing is, is I've been like Building my clientele for a while now. So I'm getting like the stuff that's like 100 bucks an hour, $150 for this project, Go to the store for $200. That kind of stuff that versus like the one hour for a dollar that you start off doing when you first, started.
you know? So they started so my like my little brother started and he was like this is ridiculous like these are hard to do, I hate there so repetitive. I think I made a dollar today you know? And I was like but yeah like if you get into better paying stuff though like you know be worth it. So they always just abandoned ship like by five days, whoever it is that wanted to do it is like I can't believe you do this, this is stupid, you know so.
for me it's like you know I have my career, I have my full time work in my career I married, so my husband has like his career in his full time work. Um But it's like just nice to have extra money on the side because you know, I'm pretty frugal too, but I like to be able like, you know, to buy stuff for myself and I don't have to feel like, oh it's coming out of my family budget like and now because I've been first time new mom like oh it's coming out of my baby's mouth, you know I mean I have to feel like, yeah, do you know any, because there's a lot of crazy talk like that in my family, so I don't have to feel like, you know, oh I went and did this and bought this and did this and it affects like my family income because I just think of it as like extra money kind of in general. Um So that's what I like the most about. It is just like just gives me that extra cushion to where I don't have to feel bad for eating out or like buying something. I don't have to feel like you know, I was out of my range or whatever.
So
you're
just
starting out? Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. So if you're just, I'll get, I'll just give you some unsolicited advice because we are chatting with strangers right now. We have a difficult time. Um New websites to things you might want to check out and you don't have to, it's just like my recommendation to you um that have been like kind of more profitable and you seem to be um younger than me. So they're kind of more for your demographic to um. Um There's a there's an app, it's like an app based survey company called The Scout. Like D. S. C. O. U. T. So the word Scout with D. In the front of it all lower case D. Scout. And it might not be your forte or your thing in the beginning. But I even got my husband into it at one point when he was had been like laid off where you do like an app based surveys
and they like the thing that's not likeable, too many people is that they want video answers from you. Um A lot of it is text based but some of its videos and my husband's on the shire side and I'm not so to me I'm like who cares? But he was like kind of more shy so it was a little bit harder for him. But he actually did it and then gained his confidence in speaking at the same time and then like went and killed it on interviews for his career. Like just take having to do these videos over and over again and being kind of put on the spot and it kind of like helped him. So um whatever range you're on is they they basically just send you notifications or you go into the app and you look at um uh projects they have and you apply for them and applying for them, takes like a minute to two minutes. And then if you're a match, they assign you like a mission and their higher paying gigs, you know where they'll say we want you to go to the grocery store and we want everything you know about waffles, we want to just know about frozen waffles and you and it's like $100 and it's $100. And like, you know, it's, it breaks up to a more fair compensation than the typical survey world does. So that's a recommendation because there's a lot of people, for instance, on that subreddit that make a really good amount of money. It's weird towards people younger than me, so I still make money from it, but I know which ones are not going to take me for and which ones they will. I kind of have to apply for the old lady stuff versus it's like a company that I worked for when I was younger, that was a very youthful based company. So you're kind of more in the demographic than I am. So that's why I'm recommending it to you because if you do decide you want to spend a little bit more time in the world to get some extra income, that would be a really good app for you to use.
Yeah. Well I mean I've got to use the time as well you know help somebody because I've been around for a while. So D Scout is really good and like I said I really enjoy it because it's fast easy. It works. There's no glitches, it's a very like you know agile app. Um But other people who feel more shy you know they're like I could never see myself doing that. But My husband did it he made I think in his first month he made like $600. But he was really like applying for everything. Like he applied for everything. Um They even do on their things called express missions which are like really brief surveys and sometimes they um you'll get a notification on your phone um If you set it up that way of course and it'll say like it's $5 and it takes like five minutes and it's like $5. Sometimes it's $10 sometimes it's one minute and it's $2. But it's something like so you can just be engaged with the app. Kind of. They pay fairly and you don't have to chase them for payment. It's not something where you need to like break out a worksheet and follow up. Like they pay their fair like it's cool so that would be like my recommendation to you and then the other side I would recommend to you right now is called respondent
And this is one where you kind of do have to set up your profile. So it is a little bit annoying in the sunset. It takes some time to set up. And if your whatever your profession is, if you know you're working currently they do usually want to verify like who you are. But once you verify your account like how prolific verify some stuff about us too. Once you're verified and whatever you say you do then you're on there. And to me it's like the best site because you don't have to worry or manage anything and you just go on there and you browse projects and you apply for stuff and their higher paying things And it's like, you know you don't make that guaranteed dollar but you use your time doing screeners for higher paying things if you can, if you can't. Some of them are like 10 minutes surveys you apply for if there are like $10. Um some of them are like $500 projects. Like it just, it varies, it varies. Um I was a little bit discouraged in the beginning because it seemed like it was geared towards a lot of people in the tech industry, which like my husband happens to be in the tech industry, but I'm not at all the complete opposite. So I was like, oh, I don't think I'm gonna make any money on here because I'm like not in the tech industry, but I have done a
lot of stuff like they have random up about review our website for us, you know, hey, Let's talk about your shampoo for $100. Let's talk about your shampoo for a one hour zoom for $100. So that's kind of how I make more of my money now is I apply for, I do spend my time on screeners for higher paying things and then I get the zoom conferences like where I'm making 100 and 75 to you know, 150 an hour on those. And so it kind of spend my time more on screeners for those things now than actual surveys. But I have prolific open, I get emails sent to me constantly another day with surveys and I kind of just judge based on what I get and what I'm doing at work and now I have a baby, so who knows what I can do or what I want to do and what I want to spend my time on what I don't. And so that's why other big website right now and you actually get paid. We're referring people and I mean like I literally referred my husband or something and he got paid and I got $50 for him doing it too. So he got like 250 and then I got like 50 something dollars were just referring him to that. And I'm not big into referrals. I'm not one of those referral people but people make a lot of money doing that. I just don't have the base to do that. But that was awesome. The downside about that site is they manage everything for you, so you never have to track your participation. They enable messaging between you and the people sponsoring the studies, but they take a little percentage of your pay. That's the downside. But I will tell you if you're getting into survey or market research land, having a crackdown, your payments can be annoying and it's not worth it if you don't have a lot of time and you're not really doing it and I don't like to do it either. Like I'm just lazy because I'm just lazy when it comes to that. So you never worry about getting paid. It's like a Paypal payment. If they take care of everything for you, they just take a tiny, tiny, like a little cut from it and at first it bothered me, but then I was like, I'm making hundreds and hundreds of dollars a month on this site, like, and I don't have to manage anything and it's super simple And I go to one place, you know, it's like, I go to one place to do it all vs like 50 emails and 50 platforms and like the kind of stuff I was doing. So you'll find stuff on there. They need stuff. People who are dentists, they need nurses, they need regular folk who don't work, they need lift drivers, they need people in the tech industry, people who eat frozen waffles. Again, people who have gluten allergies, like just whoever and they do limit how many screeners you can do in a time period in the beginning and then as you grow in time they expand how many you can do. And then the other last thing I'll say about it is it's awesome because they give you a rating, an internal rating. So when you're reliable and you show up this stuff then you just start booking everything. So it took me a while to get my first gig on there. But once I did and they, the researcher will verify, you get emails, oh the researcher verified like you did this project, they're paying you now, you know? Um Then it's like an internal ranking happens for you and then they say like oh this person is responsible shows up on time and is a good like it is talkative and then you start booking more of the things you apply for. So I'm looking like a lot of stuff do this website, You know? And it's like I said some of its low paying, it's like $15 for 10 minutes or whatever and it's not a big deal. Other things are much higher paying and you're like, Okay, well that's worth my time, you know? So like I just booked uh like it's like a five day journal, online journal, you spend 20 minutes like blogging a day about whatever the topic is and it's about skin care And it pays like 375, so 20 minutes a day for five days and it pays to 75. So that's to me a better compensation.
Then The $1 for an hour survey. So that yeah, so that's kind of how I'm making my money in this world. And so I think, you know, if you don't take the time to listen or talk to someone about it, you're like, how is she making any money on these dollars surveys? Like this is ridiculous. But if you think about it and you're booking multiple and multiple of these types of gigs, I'm telling you per week, you can see it could be a decent amount of money.
It does. And even though, like I said, it's just supposed to be beer money or like, you know, by facial moisturizer that's expensive or something and not feel guilty. It does actually, I do buy those special things for myself and not feel guilty and then it does still contribute to my bottom line to like, you know,
and
my husband,
Yeah, because I'm just trying to like my husband makes more than me now and I'm like, no, no, no, I know it sounds dumb. I know it sounds dumb, but we've been together a long time. And so it's like I used to make a lot more than him and then, you know, he came up in his education in his life and then he made more than me and I'm like, well hey, I want to get closer to what you make now, so it does help on the bottom line. So those are my two recommendations to you and you know, just don't be discouraged if you don't book anything right away. It's all based on your demographics. And I think I book a lot because I'm a mexican have a mexican ancestry um and I'm a woman um and now I'm going to have a child, so I'm like they're gonna book me for all kinds of stuff. Diaper studies, formula studies, all that stuff. So um it's just about your demographic and what they're looking for. So you might not book anything right away and you might just feel really discouraged. Like I talked to this crazy, over talkative old lady on this prolific check the other day and he told me to do these things that I'm not getting anything, but eventually you'll pick up and you will. And then once you start booking through certain companies, they rank you internally and then they start calling you for stuff. And so now I just like, you know my phone's ringing and they're like, oh we want you to do this $75 an hour zoom tomorrow, can you do it? Yes, I can, okay let's do it. And I just do it, you know? So yeah.
I just filled the whole space for us. Sorry, I didn't ask you any questions about you, but I just thought, you know, from one prolific user to another, somebody who's just trying to make it in life. It's good just to give like my experience. And um, if that, you know, someone shows an interest, like, hey, I am using this because I need to pay my bills and I'd like to have a coffee from time to time and I'd like to buy a video game or I like to go to a movie or I don't, I don't go to movies now because of Covid. But you know what I mean? Like I'd like to just not feel so stressed about my financial situation. It's like, well, let me give you my top tips because it's not like I'm competing with other people were in a completely different demographic. You're a man. You know what I mean? And I'm an old lady. So it's like we're not even in the same Democratic. Yeah. So
yeah, absolutely. So did we did I fill up our time? Did I do good
and you?
Well,
the
first
time
I had
to do
it, I was super nervous about it. I got like flutters and my husband's like, you're the most talkative person. I know. Like why would you you're so outgoing? Why would you be nervous? I said because it's a stranger. It's not like my my brother, like a friend. It's like, you know, you never know what's going to happen. It's like there's no one controlling our environment for us. So it's not like crazy stuff could happen, you know? Well anyways, I wish you a really good rest of your day and thanks for listening.
Thank
you.
well you take care of yourself.
Okay, good luck to you by