SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, okay. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Oh, mm. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. See. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mm hmm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's Mhm. Fuck. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hey, how? Uh
SPEAKER_R: Oh good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Okay, sorry about that. You will wait until I'm just working on my microphone, so however,
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Still just getting set up here today?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, take it back.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I think we're done so. Hey.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, how's it going? Right.
SPEAKER_R: I like your necklace is interesting
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Yeah, I think of that. It's a meditation necklace. Uh
SPEAKER_R: on a basis.
SPEAKER_L: we don't really get it from me a while back. It's like this hindu um kind of like relationship between the earth and the moon and the earth and the sun. This
SPEAKER_R: It was
SPEAKER_L: little film
SPEAKER_R: I thought you been up to today?
SPEAKER_L: a whole lot. Just got some food from the store. Uh My son just came home from school and uh I don't know this is about it. Got this like been sale sale going on tomorrow with my girlfriend and they're like carry a bunch of stuff where uh watch her be happy running around shopping. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: Good times about the same, Not not a lot going on today um after this have to do some work. Um It's not a super exciting day
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean
SPEAKER_R: favor.
SPEAKER_L: it's uh it's raining here in north Carolina, so we've got a kind of slammed by that hurricane. So now we're even though I'm pretty and then we're feeling the effects of it for sure. We've had a lot of stuff like kind of falling down and stuff. But look at that power and uh we don't have anything really to worry about here just for it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I understand. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: don't have
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: to deal
SPEAKER_L: do you
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: leather.
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: Go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: What did you for it?
SPEAKER_R: Um Actually a sewing business,
SPEAKER_L: All right. What
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: do you say
SPEAKER_R: you like something something alterations that make kind of all kinds of stuff. Um lately I've been working on uh like messenger bags and things like that and telling us to Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: that's cool. What about
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: can definitely you can get away with selling a lot of bags for sure. Uh Like a picture of like every store where she goes to for sure. Um I'm in retail. I just work at like a little dollar store and I'm gonna be working on the spencers and them all on your money pretty soon. Just picking up as many seasonal small jobs as I can to fill up all my time. Um Mostly just like doing a bunch of community organizing things like that, but I don't really get paid for that kind of work. Um I just get to watch really cool things happen, you know like my clean up a park or take care of like collecting some clothes for the homeless or feeding them out of the park while we're cleaning it. And uh all this is going towards like convincing the city to let us know these like electronic parties kind of like in the middle of downtown. So I'm just trying to figure out a way to keep the thing rolling, especially as it gets colder and people don't want to be as involved. Um But
SPEAKER_R: Well that's good.
SPEAKER_L: that's more of a labor of love for sure.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. It seems like the things that we enjoy doing the most is not necessarily the things that we're going to get paid for.
SPEAKER_L: No, but that's okay because uh I can make enough money. I mean more money always helps for sure. But I don't know I've been on like both sides of it um uh I'm comfortable with where I'm at, I'm comfortable with where I'm going and uh if this stuff works out the way that I wanted to and uh these events really actually happened the way that they're supposed to and the way that everyone in the city is telling me then uh there's no reason I can't replicate it and turn it into something. So uh you know nothing's really stopping me.
SPEAKER_R: That's what he said was like electronic music.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well I've asked a few friends of D. J. I mean I write some like driving music but I'm not nearly up to par with what I want. I just have a lot of experience with events and things like that. Um It was kind of just my brainchild idea to put on a lot of other artists and build them up, um, and Use the talent that I already see in front of me and just use all the resources that we have have a lot of board 20 something's just like that are falling off right now and then you kind of need something to do. And helping people is the best thing that I know of that help support 20somethings, uh, stopped falling off, you know? Uh,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: that's just kind of what I'm trying to push on all my friends and the people around me just because it's such a manageable, doable thing and the artist will do it just to play, you know, and uh, if I can get a parking lot downtown, I can keep it socially distant. Don't have to, you know, bend any kind of like moral code. And uh maybe some of these kids can have earned some fun, you know, because I think once they earn it, they're gonna feel a little bit better about it too.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that makes a little sense. Um and definitely we need, we need fun and music right now now more than ever. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's just hard to find the right way to do it. You can't just walk up to the bar and be like, Hey, we want to throw a 200 person show. No, you can't put that many people in there right now. It's too much of a risk. Um And that's the biggest thing. I just want to do something that's not irresponsible, like how to miss the boat on doing outdoor stuff. We might have a few more nice days here and there, but it's gonna be cold. Yeah. So I want to, I'm focusing evidence at least everyone around me um focusing their attention on this community service bush getting them to do stuff that's outside of their comfort zone a little bit because other people are a lot more uncomfortable than we are. Um, and I mean that's not to say that our struggles are important and that we don't need help, but we we do have that privilege of being young and already like having places to stay and having clean clothes and all that stuff. And this isn't just a total bleeding hard thing, you know? Uh, I mean, that's there. It's just like, I know for a fact that you'll never get what you're trying to give out to a community like that because it doesn't just come right back to you, you know, And that's not the point. The point is that those people get to live a little bit happier and a little bit better. And that increases everyone's will be. Um, and if you if you're doing that and you're in that work, you know? Uh it's I don't know, I hate to get all religious or spiritual about it because I'm not very religious or anything like that. But I do I do think that it's it's something that if you're doing that, that is the Almighty's work or the universe's work or whatever it is, that's the best that we can do as humans is trying to take care of something else that looks like us and talks like us and everything else, like why not?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I couldn't agree with that definitely. And well, I mean, whether you're religious or spiritual or not, I mean even just psychologically putting some positivity out there, it's going to spread and be a good thing.
SPEAKER_L: peter.
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, that's great.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just trying to figure it out. Um So where you from?
SPEAKER_R: I live in Oregon. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Um Why be jealous? I mean, it is awesome here.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I haven't been to Oregon or Washington yet, but I spent a lot of time in northern California. Um I definitely have fun in the pacific northwest is the most dramatic landscape I've ever seen. Um And I've definitely seen everything at least in this continent, you know? Um Besides like inland Canada that's like the last spot and and Washington and Oregon. But those are probably next summer.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely come out when you can don't do it when there's like fires everywhere. The
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: second was
SPEAKER_L: of friends
SPEAKER_R: rough.
SPEAKER_L: dealing with that too and I'm just like you get sex. But uh there's a there are fires the whole time I was in California to if it helps, it helps if it's a burden then yeah. I don't wanna I don't wanna do that you know? Um Are you in a pretty transient flowing area? Like do you have a
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: lot of like uh sponges running around?
SPEAKER_R: no, like I'm
SPEAKER_L: Hope.
SPEAKER_R: in Salem to the capitals. I mean, we're in the city. Yeah. Um So I mean we're in a pretty good place far enough away from all that, so we were we were still safe full time, but the air quality was pretty bad. Um But it's cool, we have a lot of waterfalls here too nice to talk to.
SPEAKER_L: Oh man. I've only seen pictures of course. But like man that is some of the most beautiful scenery out there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I love it. I'm originally from florida. Um So this is totally different. I've been out here for about a decade. Um
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: I dig, it doesn't get as hot and humid, we don't have to deal with hurricane uh things like that, but north Carolina is also beautiful. My sister was from there. Um So been there that several times over the years, so that's a
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: pretty
SPEAKER_L: not my
SPEAKER_R: area
SPEAKER_L: favorite.
SPEAKER_R: if you're gonna be in the south,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's honestly the cool estate in the south in my opinion. Like we yeah we have R. J. Reynolds and Philip Morris and they're keeping things from being as cool as they cool it. But there's also a whole lot of progressive mindset coming out of north Carolina specifically. Um And I don't know, at least in our cities like we don't play like, you know, I don't even mind telling you, it's like I'm in Greensboro and my city gets loud. Like we do not take like oppressive stuff very easily. The community has like this rich civil rights history and it's probably one of the main reasons I've always felt like this was home because it's a very passionate city. Um And when the people speak like they speak, you know, it reminds me of like those old european town stories where you know, the french was shut down the whole city or something like that because they got pissed off at the mayor, you know, and they wouldn't open back up until it was done. Um I don't know, you don't see a whole lot I guess in 2020 you do,
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: it fair? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it kind of also earned it. Um it's just one of those places that makes me proud of people, you know, and that's, that's, that's rare because like I said, I've traveled everywhere to um and most of the country has really spread out, so it makes it feel like you're kind of alone with that mindset and every time I get somewhere I know it's kind of like a funny concept when you're thinking about traveling, but any time I get somewhere I always find those people always gravitate straight towards them and I don't know, find some cool common ground and you realize like really everyone's kind of on the same page there just dealing with other social constructs and stuff like that. Um that they might have in their tiny little town of 1000 people. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Right. People, people can't help where they come from.
SPEAKER_L: no, no, they can't. I mean I come from a very rural area and uh, I don't know, I mean like I said, going through it felt more like home than that, but that was where I came from. I learned to appreciate the land and things like that. But uh, I also learned to not be like those people. I don't know, I never liked it. You know, it wasn't something that was like beating to me or you know, um I didn't have to get embarrassed a million times into it. Um, it was just something that I, that I knew was wrong and I think those people knew that it was wrong to, but um, and this wasn't everyone I grew up with, but a big majority of them definitely still chose to be that way. And I've always kind of like with myself on that, like why why would you choose to? He had jerked to people, I don't know. Like uh just to make it as simple as possible, like I don't understand it, the whole small close mindedness thing. Um I found in the northern California, like all over the place for sure. I thought it was like in heaven for like the first week and all of a sudden I'm just like, whoa, I'm just back in like redneck north Carolina just with newer mountains.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I get that definitely a different second Oregon between Portland and Salem Two different two different creatures that's for sure. Um So yeah but people are people no matter where you are I think we all get in our bubbles I think at least fortunately we have the internet now and people don't have that excuse of, well I didn't know. Well yes you did you and everybody else on the planet new but I mean it's hard it's hard to ask people to um who in their view that they're turning on their families and their values and the things that they've always known and people that they trusted that have told them this is right this is what you should be doing it hard for people to wrap their brains around that should they probably but I I get it because that's where I'm from too, but as you see like I didn't stay there, let's go,
SPEAKER_L: entirely. Well, what's it like? Entail? Tell me about it.
SPEAKER_R: um Well I don't out a whole lot and Salem like once I haven't lived here very long, but I got here this year and right when everything started to shut down, so I think it's kind of like everywhere else, I see a whole lot, I do my creative things.
SPEAKER_L: The same way.
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah, there's really this area,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: it's not a whole lot, I think things in my opinion, but what the great thing is about here is being close to nature. Um So going out hiking,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: just getting getting outdoors and doing things. Um And we're close enough, we're kind of a suburb of Portland, where if I do want to do something that took in a city, you want to go to show something like that. I mean you just helping the car and you go up there and it's a lot of, I mean there's everything in Portland um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, of course,
SPEAKER_R: easy to hop up and down the pacific northwest especially like by train. That's always nice.
SPEAKER_L: trains are my favorite. I finally got to ride a train last year to new york to see this band. Highest quality. They're sick. Um Like me and my girlfriend when she surprised me the tickets and train tickets because she knew I always wanted to get home on, we got one with like a roommate. Um So like our beds folded out and they are transported out into beds. Um We just got to snuggle and like listen to our podcast and read books and stuff. The whole, right, that's the best way to travel. Like the there's nothing like it.
SPEAKER_R: No it's very cool. It was not something that I had ever done until I was an adult so um it was just cool. Come on a train.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, right. I mean, I don't have to do it anything. I brought my own bolotsky and I don't know, I can open up my window, look at stuff must choose.
SPEAKER_R: walk around stretch your legs, it's nice.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Talking to like other couples and stuff like that and like the dining car was great. Yeah. We got to meet some like really cool old couples that like just couldn't fly first one reason or another. Um So I was kind of learning about injuries. I didn't even know that could happen. Uh And just like watching these folks to just be super cute and just giving us cute advice and stuff like that. I don't know. We had a really wholesome good time.
SPEAKER_R: that's good. Yes wow.
SPEAKER_L: so are you in like the All right, so how far are you from Portland? So I only, I'm just gonna like ask you questions about stuff that I could
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: think about just because
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: Oregon is interesting.
SPEAKER_R: It's the most beautiful place. I recommend coming. I'm about like an hour or so drive from Portland. Not too bad.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. So how far you off the, is the one on one goes straight through to the Canada? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: the whole the whole west coast but here we have like interstate five a little more little more direct and fast. Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_L: I got mostly stuck on the one on one. Um For most of my time, I of course I was in humble, which was talk about a shit show, but that was
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: fun. It was fun. There's a lot of loving people I want to make it up to like Ben. I think I heard that they had more breweries per capita than any other city in the United States.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Um That is true. Bend is not terribly far from from where. Again there's a lot of good Maurice um Really like all over I mean craft beer is just kind of a thing everywhere now but um Bend is nice. Um I do recommend Portland. Portland is a lot of fun. There's just everything to do there and and it's nice it's a it's a little more on the the rural conservative side as a city comparatively but I mean no different than where you're from. It's progressing getting where it needs to go.
SPEAKER_L: right. Around. Yeah. I mean anything I've ever heard was just all dealing with like the industry and stuff like that. Um So as north Carolinian like I'm super interested just because our our laws are just literally a money thing here. Um You as cool as the state as we are Virginia and D. C. Got it first. I don't know how it works but like okay it's all tobacco here. You know they they'll give a five year old a cigarette.
SPEAKER_R: you know well I mean but you are in Philip Morris territory so maybe you do have to actually say no don't don't give you get
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean he's in the other room smoking right now. I'm just kidding. Um Funny enough, we do only live like two miles away from like the lower large factory. Um, I think there's actually like two or three cigarette companies here in Greensboro. That's not even to mention Winston Salem, which is of course like, I don't know like the mecca of cigarettes and dip. Huh? Um,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I shot like Winston is kind of a cool little city. Um, nothing like breeds brother. I think this is the coolest city next to, to make the mountain towns here. Um, you can go to Raleigh and stuff like that, but I don't know. I would only go for like hopscotch festival or something like that. Um, I tend to like avoid most of the cities here in north Carolina. They're, they're cool. I have friends and all of them, but there's, there's not as much fun stuff to do unless I'm going to a show. you know, I mean there's nice areas and stuff like that. But I'm the, I'm the same way I just, I just want to sit at home. I just want to hang with my kid, go outside, you know? Um I keep it pretty much to music and going outside. I don't really know what else to do with myself. Well I have it all, you know, I work, I do my thing and those are the two things that I love. So
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I just
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: it that's that's what we're all you know kind of you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I would like to get into the mountains eventually. I think that I think that's pretty much where I'm going to settle down and I might even just stay here in north Carolina. Um I have a lot of friends that keep preaching Tennessee to me. But I mean I'm not a coastal person, but I like the idea of being this close to the mountains and the beach and the only way you can beat that is by being in the pacific northwest. And
SPEAKER_R: is true,
SPEAKER_L: I don't know how much I'm willing to invest in doing that just yet. I want to see what the next like 5 to 10 years looks like because we've had so many people at least from North Carolina specifically that I know I literally got like 20 or 30 friends who just like live in northern California Oregon Washington. And they're all just like growing, we doing their thing, living life. And they're like, yeah, it's great. But everyone here is from north Carolina. Yeah. And that's, that's a pretty large friend group to say that there's an even larger group of people from here. So I don't know what that's about. Hopefully it's just what's keeping cool things happening here in north Carolina. I always find that networking to be kind of interesting. People are fine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's true. There's definitely a lot of people growing cannabis here. Um But I do wonder like is it was it that way in north Carolina when the tobacco farmers where it started? Like I wonder
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: because there's
SPEAKER_L: everyone
SPEAKER_R: a lot of like
SPEAKER_L: was like
SPEAKER_R: imagine
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: growing
SPEAKER_R: imagine
SPEAKER_L: tobacco.
SPEAKER_R: ization of like the business um side of it. So it's like I don't what is like independent farms now, like I worry about that becoming, you know, like milkweed or something that
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So that's what we're all looking at here too because I have a lot of friends that actually are growing hemp and CBD here because that's been the best thing that we have. Uh And so everyone is taking advantage of it. My friends manage the farms that like anti and A. N. C. State and things like that as well as their own private poems. So they're on both sides of this like actually trying to figure out how to play this field and how to make it work. Um It's actually one of the things I probably know way more about than I should even. But yeah we're ready for it. You know we want it. My friends are all working really really hard to keep this land going and keep their jobs and make it happen. I mean literally I'm sandwiched between like two or three different CBD shops around me and none of those guys care about, I mean they care about something CBD, but they're, they're grooming themselves, you know, they're trying to get ready. Um, and that's really obvious. You know, they popped up everywhere in the state. Um, you can't really go to any shopping center without finding a tobacco shop and him shop now. So it's a, it's a trip. Um, these boys in Winston Salem I met last weekend are just distilling the most beautiful clear legal oil I've ever seen in my life. It's fun. But uh, you know, I'm ready to, I'm ready to see the variety. I'm ready for pharmaceuticals and um, and researchers to be able to actually understand what's going on more and how to isolate these other cannabinoids and things like that and get down to the real medicine of it and not just like hippie doubt idea of like just smoke weed and you're gonna be okay. Like we obviously know you have to eat it and we have to figure out which parts of it to eat first because we don't want to keep getting grandma. Hi, she's gonna have a stroke and that's not cool. You know? Well, hey, I think we killed our time. I appreciate you for sure. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Well, it was good chatting with you to care
SPEAKER_L: We do how we go.