Hello?
Oh good, how are you?
Uh huh. Still just getting set up here today?
Oh, I think we're done so. Hey.
I like your necklace is interesting
on a basis.
It was
I thought you been up to today?
Good times about the same, Not not a lot going on today um after this have to do some work. Um It's not a super exciting day
favor.
Yeah, I understand. Yeah, I
don't have
to deal
with
the
leather.
Go ahead.
Um Actually a sewing business,
so
you like something something alterations that make kind of all kinds of stuff. Um lately I've been working on uh like messenger bags and things like that and telling us to Yeah,
that's cool. What about
you?
Well that's good.
Yeah, definitely. It seems like the things that we enjoy doing the most is not necessarily the things that we're going to get paid for.
That's what he said was like electronic music.
that's
great.
Yeah, that makes a little sense. Um and definitely we need, we need fun and music right now now more than ever. Yes.
Yeah. Yeah, I couldn't agree with that definitely. And well, I mean, whether you're religious or spiritual or not, I mean even just psychologically putting some positivity out there, it's going to spread and be a good thing.
So yeah, that's great.
I live in Oregon. Yeah.
Mhm. Um Why be jealous? I mean, it is awesome here.
Yeah, definitely come out when you can don't do it when there's like fires everywhere. The
second was
rough.
I'm
no, like I'm
in Salem to the capitals. I mean, we're in the city. Yeah. Um So I mean we're in a pretty good place far enough away from all that, so we were we were still safe full time, but the air quality was pretty bad. Um But it's cool, we have a lot of waterfalls here too nice to talk to.
Yeah, I love it. I'm originally from florida. Um So this is totally different. I've been out here for about a decade. Um
I dig, it doesn't get as hot and humid, we don't have to deal with hurricane uh things like that, but north Carolina is also beautiful. My sister was from there. Um So been there that several times over the years, so that's a
pretty
area
if you're gonna be in the south,
Is
it fair? Yeah.
Right. People, people can't help where they come from.
Yeah I get that definitely a different second Oregon between Portland and Salem Two different two different creatures that's for sure. Um So yeah but people are people no matter where you are I think we all get in our bubbles I think at least fortunately we have the internet now and people don't have that excuse of, well I didn't know. Well yes you did you and everybody else on the planet new but I mean it's hard it's hard to ask people to um who in their view that they're turning on their families and their values and the things that they've always known and people that they trusted that have told them this is right this is what you should be doing it hard for people to wrap their brains around that should they probably but I I get it because that's where I'm from too, but as you see like I didn't stay there, let's go,
um Well I don't out a whole lot and Salem like once I haven't lived here very long, but I got here this year and right when everything started to shut down, so I think it's kind of like everywhere else, I see a whole lot, I do my creative things.
Um Yeah, there's really this area,
it's not a whole lot, I think things in my opinion, but what the great thing is about here is being close to nature. Um So going out hiking,
just getting getting outdoors and doing things. Um And we're close enough, we're kind of a suburb of Portland, where if I do want to do something that took in a city, you want to go to show something like that. I mean you just helping the car and you go up there and it's a lot of, I mean there's everything in Portland um
easy to hop up and down the pacific northwest especially like by train. That's always nice.
No it's very cool. It was not something that I had ever done until I was an adult so um it was just cool. Come on a train.
walk around stretch your legs, it's nice.
that's good. Yes wow.
that's
that's
It's the most beautiful place. I recommend coming. I'm about like an hour or so drive from Portland. Not too bad.
the whole the whole west coast but here we have like interstate five a little more little more direct and fast. Yeah. Um
that?
Yes. Um That is true. Bend is not terribly far from from where. Again there's a lot of good Maurice um Really like all over I mean craft beer is just kind of a thing everywhere now but um Bend is nice. Um I do recommend Portland. Portland is a lot of fun. There's just everything to do there and and it's nice it's a it's a little more on the the rural conservative side as a city comparatively but I mean no different than where you're from. It's progressing getting where it needs to go.
you know well I mean but you are in Philip Morris territory so maybe you do have to actually say no don't don't give you get
Mhm.
I
mean
that's
it that's that's what we're all you know kind of you.
is true,
Yeah, that's true. There's definitely a lot of people growing cannabis here. Um But I do wonder like is it was it that way in north Carolina when the tobacco farmers where it started? Like I wonder
because there's
a lot of like
imagine
that
imagine
ization of like the business um side of it. So it's like I don't what is like independent farms now, like I worry about that becoming, you know, like milkweed or something that
Well, it was good chatting with you to care