Hi,
I'm good. It's going good. How are you? All
I'm Shelby. It's nice to meet you.
I'm from Illinois.
Are you from?
I'm from a little town in Illinois. It's kind of like in the middle of Illinois. Why
we're not?
I do. It's,
Yes, it's very hot lately. The humidity is terrible.
Let me look
All
Right. It is about 89 out.
It does,
it makes it a
lot.
I mean it's tip. Mhm.
These
I do. Yeah.
I couldn't make it without a C in Illinois. Mhm.
I was born and raised in Illinois, moved around a lot after I was born, but then we came back to help
Um text six for a little bit and then we went out to California. Right. Uh huh uh Wisconsin
and I came back to Illinois. Right.
yeah.
How are you?
That's always the walls packing it up and then moving and you lose something every time. Yeah.
Mhm
have fun moving. I hope you go easy and such process
and there's so many options.
Well, um I live in a small town of about 1200, so this Only felt around where I live closest grocery stores about 20 minutes away. Yeah, in the middle of nowhere, I'm just,
no, no, it's like you go shopping once a week and got to make sure you
get everything All right.
No,
no. I live in town so I don't have much land.
What,
definitely. I love the time I go up in, but I can't wait to move to a bit of time. Just have things to do. All
Yes, I'm living. No.
it's pretty flat, but we do have a lot of lakes, a lot of trees, woods. I like to do in high.
you can see all the animals. We have a lot of and Illinois.
Right. I love them. Not for fun. I just like driving around listening to music, reading books. Um going to the movies. Haven't done that in a while though, but now I'm doing a lot of netflix like um
um I started watching Z Nation.
It
no
Z Nation, it's about zombies.
Yeah, I know what you're talking about. I can't think of the name but is it wasn't any?
What do you do for fun?
The
my dad plays Pokemon, go to I
do,
so when he's home on the weekends we go play Pokemon, go at night.
Um I'm 23. I play Pokemon as a kid. So my brother, my brother is 22. We was excited when it came out and we convinced all mom and dad to play it and now it's only me and my dad. Mhm.
that's it isn't
easy.
That sounds really interesting. Uh
huh.
How?
A little bit. Yeah.
Very creative.
you mentioned he was a school teacher um Our school back up in Oregon.
I hope
it goes.
Good. All right.
It's going to be dead
the best
I will see.
And then I just graduated nursing school so
I'll be off.
Hospital
mental health for people 55 years old or
It is
every day, something different. Some days are hard, but I like it. I love mental health, so it's like that
Um It's like a modesty type room. So we take people who um we get a lot of people with Alzheimer's dementia who's doing really
bad or we get people who has depression or bipolar schizophrenia
who stopped taking medicine. The medicine not walking. We take and we get them onto medicine and then once they'll do in battle then we send them off to where the lucha. Yes.
10. It's a small one. So just 10
pages one time. Yeah.
It's it's intense. It's it stays
three people one on one L. P. N. One C. N. A. Yeah. Uh huh.
There it helps that thankfully most of them are just really, you
know the good, they like to take naps like to stay to
themselves sometimes get patients to, you need more staffed.
All extra staff and then um we
have a panic room that caused the police. It's
time I need, the police. Haven't ever had to use that. I hope we don't. Very hard. All
I graduated in May.
What?
They actually closed my unit because of Covid it's a small hospital and mental health don't make much money. So we was like breaking even then could happen and nobody wanted to come to the hospital. So we wasn't getting any patients. So they closed it and they haven't opened it back up yet.
But I was hoping to stay at my unit. It's only about 30 minutes away from where I live. That's the closest mental health. Right? So, I was hoping
to stay there, but I don't know what's going to happen yet.
Or
the universe, wow. I agree.
Or
um I know we do get some funding from the government. Not much government don't running for that. And then um we get money from insolence. It's a based hospital. Yeah. So
um it's catholic.
So
the Catholics ought to help a lot with giving money.
All right.
Now,
it does. It's
yeah.
I have a few years old to go to the weekend and then other than that, not much to do
just that. Do you have any big plants?
Mhm.
Perf
no, it's not. Yeah,
I saw
Um this is my 2nd 1.
Since about july is when I found out about prolific,
just about months. How long have you been doing them?
it definitely helps.
No, I haven't I didn't know about those.
mm hmm.
I think uh
Do you do any yellow solves other than those two?
I do solve a junkie. It's kind of like amazon, it doesn't
pay that well, but not do I'm not doing much so I have to put in but now it's.
Last month I made about 50 bucks.
It's it doesn't pay as good as prolific and that's pretty time consuming. But yes, I
that's like solve a junkie. You only qualify for like one out of five.
They
give
you three cents when you don't qualify. But it's a lot of like Antoni Gaudi information and you get like five minutes in and then it disqualifies you.
Yeah. It's so much time but. Right,
wow.
Yeah.
Mhm.
I need to go take my dog out.
Thank
you.
I was talking to you. Good luck with school this year and moving and all that. Yeah.