Yeah. I how's it going?
I'm doing well. I'm john
nice to meet you. Shall be. Where, where in the country are you located?
It wasn't away. Okay.
Uh I'm in Portland Oregon. Yeah. What what part of Dylan were you in?
I have a cousin that lives outside of Chicago in Geneva. If
you know where that is,
I've only been out there to visit him once. Uh I was probably Gosh, at this point. uh 25 years ago. Um But yeah, it was nice. Um Is it hot there right now?
Yeah. That's the one thing I remember about yeah. About it out there was just McGee all the time. McGee. So what is uh what's the temperature right now,
Yeah. Question what? Yeah. Okay.
Actually. Okay.
Yeah. But if they do like with the humidity makes it feel warmer, right?
So yeah, it's probably
like
mid 90s. Yeah.
you know, we're in a little bit of a heat wave here right now. um We had a couple of days last week where it hit 100
and that's pretty average for us like in August will usually get like one or like maybe two or three days where it hits 100. Um and then stays in the nineties for a while and then they will kind of dip down. Um So we had a couple of days last week where it was 100 plus then it is in the upper eighties right now. Um We normally get a decent breeze that moves the, moves the air and keeps it feeling a little cooler but it hasn't been hasn't been to windy recently so I don't know it's I think going to get warmer again um towards the weekend. Give air conditioning at your place.
Yeah that helps.
Yeah. Were you born and raised there?
Yeah. Where where else have you lived? Yeah.
But
I I was born and raised in Portland. I live actually like a quarter mile from the house that I grew up in so I haven't gone very far, my parents are still in that house and we moved into it when we were pregnant with our daughter so that we could be closer to them and I think we're probably going to be moving in the next probably four months, 34 months um
which is kind of exciting because we're going to be buying our own place which is
yeah. Yeah, we've been renting so we're going to be buying our own place which is exciting. But we've also been married for 15 years and have two kids and tons and tons and tons of stuff so I'm not looking forward to the actual like packing and
Yeah, so I've been we've been pretty stable, we've lived here for 10 years, the house before that we lived in for five, so yeah,
it's gonna be, it's gonna be a big move, it's the house that my kids have grown up in so far and but they're excited, you know, they're not too too sentimental about it, I'm kind of sentimental and get kind of sad, I'm sure I'll be different when we actually are like driving away for the last time, but um they're excited so
yeah, we're trying to decide if we should get a U. Haul and do it ourselves or if we should pay movers to do it or we should get one of those pods or I don't know.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What um what kind of stuff do you do for fun in Illinois?
you just running up to the store when you need something like, oh I forgot mustard, I need it for dinner like
What?
So do you do you have like acreage? Do you live on acreage?
It's like a lot of land, yeah.
Okay. Yeah that's uh yeah I can't imagine living that rural. We one of the places that we're looking is um well two towns actually that we're looking at our um a little ways out of Portland um And they I mean they have their own stores, they have a grocery store in town and they have like little restaurants and shops and things like that but um no definitely not the options that were used to and so that's one of the things that we're considering, it's like could we live in a town that small but I can't imagine not even having access to a grocery store right in town that would be yeah definitely
need to make sure you get everything on that weekly trip.
So are your in the town that you grew up in right now?
What? Yeah I mean are there, remember it's pretty flat so there's not like mounting the stuff but are there they're lakes and rivers and stuff where you go you do any like hiking or fishing or anything like that?
I'm sorry.
Hey.
What have what have you been watching on there?
Is
that the one with Zac Efron?
Which what was it?
Nation. Okay. Gotcha. Okay. I forget we watched uh it's kind of like a documentary series um that is on netflix with Zac Effron, where he goes around like different places in the world and.
Uh huh. Yeah, it was really interesting. Yeah, it talks about like sustainable food and water, pollutants and clean energy, things like that. Yeah. Back
touch. Mhm. Um mostly what my kids want. Um you know, we do it's been a little difficult this summer um just with like being out in public and stuff, but I've got a daughter who's 10 and a son who's almost six and we do some outdoorsy stuff. Um We're kind of getting into fishing. Um I didn't fish growing up which um has made it a little bit of a learning curve and I don't really know what I'm doing all over the time. Um but we've been, we've fished a little bit um I got an inflatable kayak last summer and so we'll take that out on, there's a couple of lakes around us, we'll go out on that and either fish or just take in the scenery and enjoy being out on the water. Um I've recently started making um cornhole boards, you know that the game with the bean bags,
we throw the beanbags. Um I recently started making those and selling them to friends and family, so I was actually doing that right before um I came onto the chat. I've got a set of boards that um I almost have the frames all done and then I need to sand them down and get them painted. Um So that's been, that's been nice to kind of just have some alone time in the, in the garage away from the kids and um yeah, make a little extra money to um and then I play Pokemon go, I got really into that a couple of summers ago, so um I get out one today to just kinda spend a few minutes playing the game and check out and take care of what I need to on there. Mhm.
Does
he?
Yeah. Um so I'm a schoolteacher and when it came out we were on vacation with my um sister and brother in law and he had downloaded it like the day that it came out and I I was like what are you doing? And he was showing me the game and I was like, I'll download it and I'll try because I'm sure when I go back to school like all the kids will play that over the summer and I just wanted to have something to like talk to them about and connect to them about. Um and then I ended up getting hooked on it and like I had never played like I'm I'm going to be 40 next month so like when Pokemon came out I was already uh in my twenties and like I knew who pikachu was and that was it and I had a little brother that was into it. Um But like yeah it was it was interesting. I got really really hooked on it and um have played it ever since and now none of the kids at school that I work with play it anymore and it's just a bunch of adults that play it.
my my daughter would play with us and my wife has an account and she used to play and then she got tired of it and my daughter is tired of it and I'm the only one my son is like finally starting to get some interest like he likes to, he uses my wife's account and he'll like battle with me and want to trade stuff with me. But um everyone else gets annoyed like while we're out driving and I pull over to do a raid and everyone just kind of rolls their eyes and. Yeah. But yeah, I mean that's uh that's about it. I I don't really do, we don't go out much, especially now with Covid, but just kind of hang out and watch movies. Um I make my own beer.
I've
been doing that for like 10 years now. Um And I don't I mean it's kind of one of those hobbies where like you don't do anything for a few weeks and then it's like an all day thing to make a batch and then You don't do anything for a while, and then it's like an all day thing when you do the next step. But um yeah I've been doing that for like 10 years now and have fun doing it.
Yeah.
You know we started out just we bought a kit from a local homebrew store and um we've evolved and bought more equipment and I've got a calculator out in the garage now that's got six caps on it. Um Yeah. Yeah it's fun. I like the creativity of it. I can make whatever I want. You know if there's something that's not available in the stores I can I can come up with a recipe and just make make whatever I want. I've made a beer with fruity pebbles
and it was really good. Um I I got on a kick for a while where I was making beer with cereal. Um So I did one with fruity pebbles. Are you a beer drinker? Do you drink beer at all?
So it was a hazy I. P. A. So like really kind of like a sweeter happier beer. So I used fruity pebbles and then lactose which is just powdered milk sugar to give it kind of like that creamy um flavor. And that one turned out really well. I did um one with Golden g and um cocoa Nibs. So like chocolate and then coffee beans. And then I did another one with cinnamon toast, crunch and some lactose milk sugar on that one too. Those are the serial ones that I did. And then I've done um did one recently that's a gin gin based beer. So it's got like juniper and coriander and it kind of tastes like gin more like jim and beer. Mm.
Yeah. Yeah. My dad, my dad brews with me. So I think I've you know I've probably done I don't know, 75 batches of beer. And I think that he's I think I brewed all but one of them with him, I think I did one when he was on vacation one time or something and not feeling well and I just wanted to brew but I usually always brew with him. So it's nice time to kind of bond and hang out, get together. Thank you.
Yeah. Uh Not for in person, so we are going to start out online and um it's how we ended the school year. Um And it wasn't it didn't feel real good, it was kind of chaotic and um I teach third grade, so the kids are like 89 years old and it's hard for them to like, you know, I'll be motivated and responsible enough to like log on and do their work every day. Um Because I mean like I tell people it's hard enough to get them to do their work in in school in the classroom when you're right there in front of them. Um And when they have you know access to all their toys and video games and um the internet at their house they're just you know they're gonna do what they want and not do their schoolwork so we'll see. Hopefully it's a little bit better in the fall. Um But yeah that's coming up I think that their first day is september okay. Seventh or eight.
Some
more. Thanks.
I mean it's uh we'll see I'm gonna be doing teaching like this two groups of kids and teaching lessons and. Mhm.
Very different.
Yeah. What do you what kind of work do you do? Do you have a job
Sienna?
Why
don't you know no where you work as a C. N. A. Like in an office or like
a retirement at the hospital? Okay.
wow that's uh I can't even imagine I can't wrap my head around that I'm sure that every day is something completely different
and.
So is it um is it like a residential center where it's the same patience or is it like an emergency room type thing?
huh.
trump.
So how how many patients does your facility hold at a time?
10?
mean that's still Pretty big though like if you consider like 10 people that are in crisis like all at the same time that's it's pretty intense.
How many people are on staff at any given time?
I was I was like in my head I was expecting you to say like 10 or 12 like at least 1-1-1. But that yeah so that's like one staff member for every three patients wow.
All
But.
Right. Yeah I mean do you guys have, I mean I'm sure you have a plan but what happens if there's a situation or a person that can't just be handled by the three of you do call in extra staff or the police or?
Yeah.
Well
hopefully not. And you said you just graduated nursing school
wow congratulations. That's quite an accomplishment.
Um So are you going to stay at the same place and just take on more responsibilities or?
What?
But
yeah we'll see. Yeah
I'm sure. Yeah I mean it's it's a field that's in demand.
the does a lot of the funding come from uh
do you get like funding from the government or is the funding from just what you collect from insurance companies or do you know?
Which 1? Which religion is it?
Okay so is the catholic church help then with some
of the more?
mm africa yeah. Yeah the you know education is kind of in the same boat with funding and you know obviously all of our being a public school, all of our funding comes from the government but uh right now the schools aren't being funded very well in Oregon and they're talking about cutting teachers and You know our class sizes are good, they're already big to begin with, so if they cut more people, I'm afraid that, you know, I'm gonna have 35-40 kids in my class. Yeah.
Yeah, The most I've ever had is 35 and it was it was crazy. I mean there really wasn't even physically room for the kids and their desks
in my classroom because our classrooms aren't that big and you know, that's back when I was teaching fourth grade, so they're starting to go through puberty and grow and get bigger and uh space fills up really quick,
really quick, so yeah,
you have any plans for the rest of the week? Okay.
Good.
Uh I've got my my cousins coming over after he gets off work today to try some of the beer that I made and uh hang out, I'm a basket blazer Fan Trailblazers basketball. So they're in the playoffs, they beat the Lakers last night, they play again tomorrow, so I'll watch that tomorrow. Um I need to go pick up a desk from a family member. Um So I'll do that on saturday. I'll go get my father and lost truck and Go over to my cousin's house. He lives probably 45 minutes from me. Um so
that will take out probably most of the morning, but nothing too big I can't really think of.
Uh huh. Yeah, we had a funeral last week and I had an aunt that passed away and they did a memorial at her house so those aren't fun.
Yeah. Um Yeah I was I was glad to get another one of these prolific chats done it said that this is the last round of them for a while.
Uh huh. And this how many, how many of them have you done before?
Yeah, this is my 3rd 1. So it's you know, quick easy money. Well yeah. How long have you been doing prolific surveys and stuff?
Okay so just like a month
um About a year. About a year now. And um yeah I just in the morning I'll wake up and open it up, see if there's anything on there. And then at night when we're watching tv after the kids have gone to bed I'll log in to see if there's anything on there. Um But it's it's really nice. There's you know, some months that the money I've made on prolific has helped us uh because I only get paid once a month, I get paid on the last day of the month. And so sometimes like around the 25th 26 it's like oh boy, Like we need to just hold out for another four or five days and you know, it's always nice to know that there's that little cushion there and I'll save it up as high as I can. And, or sometimes like when we went on vacation last spring, I cashed it out and just used it as a vacation money and spending money. So.
Yeah. Yeah. And then there's another one through amazon. Have you done the amazon surveys?
Yeah. It's, um, I don't know the prolific ones I like better because they usually pay better and there a
little more user friendly, like easier to do. Some of the amazon stuff can be a little confusing. Um, but there's this called amazon m turk so just like M. T. U. RK and
There's always stuff up there. Like the thing about the Amazon one is they have so many more surveys but a lot of there's only pay like two cents Five cents. Um every once in a while you can get like a good one that pays like $5. Um but the prolific ones definitely I think pay better. Yeah.
Yeah. No just those two. Do you have another one that you do?
No.
Have you been doing that one for like a month To what do you like on average? What do you think you made like doing survey junkie last month?
Okay. Yeah that's about what I'll make on amazon.
Yeah. The one I like a lot of the thing I like a lot about prolific as you fill out all those questions and they send you stuff that you qualify for already. And on amazon you have to go into a lot of surveys and like put all that stuff in each time. And sometimes I'll be like oh no sorry you don't qualify and it'll close the survey and.
we
do
have.
Right. Yeah. A lot of time for three cents.
Okay.
Yeah. So the nice thing about amazon's though too is you can either have it sent to your bank account or you can just have it put directly on your amazon account. So with the amazon one sometimes I'll get my balance up really high and then like by like bigger bigger more expensive stuff through amazon where like if I had ordered it my wife would be like what are you doing? What are you spending so much? But now like having that money, my amazon account, I can kind of just sneak it into the house pasture. Uh huh.
Mhm. So yeah.
Well I think I'm gonna go do the follow up survey on this and then go finish up my cornhole boards.
Okay, good luck with with your nursing career.
And
uh it was nice talking Libya.
But.