stand me up again. Yeah, that's probably okay. Uh huh Oh, always ever on time, was that? Really? Mhm Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Oh uh huh. Well yeah oh babs for 20. Well, yeah, yeah. Uh huh Uh huh Oh yeah, okay, Oh That's 33 bucks, that's very good. Mhm, Mhm, mm hmm. Oh, hello, how are you?
Good, good, my name's truck. Well
my name is chuck
oh uh where are you from?
Oh, I'm from new york.
no actually the two people that I talked to prior to you, they were both from like Delaware, New Jersey, which is really weird. Yeah, so I was kind of hoping to find someone from like maybe California or or south or something. Yeah, different weather. Yeah.
Uh so this is what your 3rd, 4th and 5th?
yeah, this is my first time doing this one, it's it's not too bad, it's kind of fun meeting different people. What do you, what do you do? Are you a student?
Oh wow, that's hard,
That's tough man. How's that going? The
I don't know man. Microbiology seems really tough.
I'm
actually uh in the military. I I am I fly uh wow, I work with drones that fly overseas, so I'm the guy uh there's a guy that flies airplane, I'm the one who controls the camera and spies on people and stuff. So that's that's fun. So what do you want to do with a microbiology microbiology
degree?
What got you interested in it? Yes.
I heard about that too. I wasn't sure if it uh I actually forgot about it, I wasn't sure if that was true or not. What what time is it over there?
that's uh 10. I know three. I worked midnight so I'm like up and at them right now,
I'm in Buffalo. Uh Not too far from Niagara Falls.
that's okay. So uh have you have you been to the east Coast before?
yeah. Where new york city
I
am.
Oh, what uh So do you saying do you play an instrument or what do you do?
Oh, cool. What so if you don't you'll have to excuse it. I don't know. Are you Middle Eastern or
Oh, I'm sorry. So
what uh what I guess traditional instrument did you play?
All right, hold on. I'm gonna I'm gonna look it up on google. Alright. Can still see me. Okay.
D I L
uh D I L R A. B. A.
How are you? Aruba rua? Oh. Oh. Uh it's kind of like uh images. Yeah. Right. Oh, wow. I think it looks intense. Mhm.
And
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. On. Yeah.
Thanks.
that looks I played the, when I was in high school I played the bass like the big stand up bass so it looks a little less intense than what you're doing right there.
Good.
Okay. It's uh I guess what is the sheet music any different on the Dell Aruba as it is in like western sheet music? Western music?
Well.
Okay so and you want to uh to new york for a concert or something or?
Why
not?
That's where I'm originally from, is the Washington Dc area. Yeah I
like
it.
Yeah. Yeah. Where did you visit in Washington D. C.
Yeah. There's so much to say there in Washington D. C. You like I lived there for several years you know when I was growing up in in middle school and high school and I haven't seen everything there is to see that it's just so much to see. I got all the Smithsonian museums, you got the air and space museum, all of the uh I mean I haven't even gotten into like the White House Capital or even the Washington monument so that speaks to how, but I've been to
What
all?
my my wife is from California, she's from Huntington Beach and she used to go to Disneyland all the time. So I got when we went there to get married we went we went to Disneyland.
So I've been to Disneyland in California. Tokyo Disneyland and Disneyworld. So I've only got two more to go to.
Uh Well it's kind of like one of those things to do, like you just kind of check it off. I was in um I went to Tokyo japan and it's I guess the japanese are kind of crazy about the Disney, so we're like let's go Disneyland, I'm like all right, whatever. So it's instead of standing and you're standing in line forever, more or less, You want some popcorn, wait five minute line for popcorn. That's
crazy. How do you like living in
California?
Are they?
Yeah. Yeah. The wildfires are pretty crazy. I did this. They're not going on any more. Oh, I got your back. Uh
Are they
are the wildfire fire still going on?
Well
Um
Well at least the weather is nice. I can't say the same for here in buffalo, new york where You get like nine months of winter.
uh well I guess a little bit like you get kind of that like slushy cruddy snow and uh
uh I mean it is what it is. That's
my
no I guess that's why it doesn't cost much to live here because it's cold. Yeah.
Well fortunately not so much here in Buffalo, it's kind of like that over in Washington D. C. Where they can get very very hot. Um But because we have like like effect the from from the area like because of that it doesn't get so hot during during the summer because all the wind comes across the lake and pulls it down. But unfortunately due to that it gets really really snowy during
during
the winter.
So you'll see like
their behalf of buffalo that will be like six ft of snow and then there will be the other half it's got maybe like two ft of snow just because of the lake effect snow.
But I mean if you're in the winter sports this this is the place to go.
Yesterday.
are you what are you doing in Toronto?
Okay so you've got like family a little bit everywhere?
Yeah. What do you so what do your parents do?
So I guess that kind of makes sense with you being interested in the field you're going through it. So I was like it makes sense now. Yeah
well
So I enlisted in 2012. Um But prior to that I was trying to get in as a just a straight pilot. Um But it's it's kind of tough to break in sometimes depending on which branch you go. And I just went into the National Guard, erin Niagara Falls. So It's all right. I like it. I mean the schedule is really nice and only work 15 days out a month but you just have to stay up all hours of the night, winning around midnight schedule the south. But yeah I mean it's not so bad. Hopefully um I can transition to being a pilot again so that's the that's the plan.
well
I
do I do I have a private pilot's license and then they have like different add ons for say um
One of them is like an instrument where you can fly through the clouds. Another one is like we're your private only allows you to fly a plane that has one engine but I have one that flies two engines on on the other side. So dual engine and then uh I ended up running out of money before I got my commercial pilot's license because it's pretty expensive. So.
Well if you decide to go like a commercial, like going to like a college or they call him the FBO um,
to get your pilot's license is uh, I mean if you're going through the military obviously is free nights, the best way to go. Typically get all of your hours and all of your certifications for for free. But it's just again, it's very competitive. So tough. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It's fun though. You ever go, you ever, you should go trigger and flying one day is fun. Just go up with like a local airport and they'll have instructors.
I mean everybody should try it once. It's fine.
I
like.
Yeah. It's definitely very cost prohibitive. So unless uh, that's hence why I'm just a little short. So who are the other like people that you get to talk to you for this thing like uh
Oh yes. So they got uh, top secret stuff, Huh? See all
Secrets
No.
So I'm sure you two had a lot to talk about that. It
Oh, so she was going through her like fellowship and all that.
Okay. Yeah. So I talked to one guy who was a chemical engineer. Uh and he, he lived in, I think he's the one who lived in uh Connecticut New Jersey and they both lived in, remember where the other one lived in there, both in the tri state area there. Um, and the other guy was unemployed. So, and he was, the funny thing is that he was driving while while talking to me. Like are you on your phone doing that? What
was
I don't know how, but like he was just hanging out in his car and it looks like it looks like all the uh the lights were passing by and he's like no I'm not driving, I'm like it looks like you're driving. He's like I'm like, oh okay, you say. So they started walking around, so if you look kind of weird seeing this guy like walking around with this laptop, so I guess to each their own and sorry, I was like my lifeblood right here coffee trying to stay up so you have to kind of keep to a schedule or else you'll never make it. But
so with your I guess with what you're studying, do you have to get like a PhD or anything like that?
okay. That's tough. That's that's God bless you if you get the PhD because that's that's tough to get
to their
my wife got a PhD in psychology and so I went I kind of met her on the back half of her her PhD. And uh you know just seeing that I'm like uh God God bless anyone is able to get their PhD because holy crap. That's a lot of work. Especially
your dissertation.
But are you gonna stick around in California when you
when you do
I guess uh kind of move on to the working world, I
don't know.
Yes.
All right. Yeah. Yeah. Where would you where would you want to work in europe? Any specific country?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Are you a big outdoorsy person?
Well I guess no shortage of hiking there in California. Yeah. Have you have you done a lot of traveling?
Where
I
was
home.
Yeah. Have you traveled overseas very much?
Okay. We're we're in India.
my my dad flew for ups so he would fly into Mumbai all the time. So you liked it a lot? So he
says
really well I mean uh from portions of it like he's kind of like I guess a little crazy when it comes to like traveling like you'll go to places that are are great and not so great and he enjoys it all. But he uh I mean there he said there are good parts Mumbai obviously so. Oh
still
But uh I guess uh one of the things that they're working on, I saw a documentary
where I don't know what river it is but it's like one of the most polluted rivers and the in the world that's in um that's in India but they're they really it's really important to them. The river for religious reasons or something like that. I can't remember what the river's name is. Uh, anyway, but it's a,
it's a polluted area but you know, so is china and so it was us for that matter.
it
is.
Oh yeah, I believe
it.
Yeah. I saw that there was this one um documentary on netflix or amazon prime and they were talking about, there's this big oil or waste spill that's in, I want to say it's like southern texas and I, I didn't watch any of it but the picture is really gross. Is it looked like just this big land of car. So you know, tell you from,
yeah, I'm sure. Um,
but yeah,
it's uh, yeah, it's pretty crazy. But I am, yeah, I've done a little bit of traveling i in the military. I went, I've been to Germany, just was a lot of fun. Uh, went to Japan. You ever got, have you ever go to like japan? Really cool place?
All
Yeah, so I guess uh
oh it's I mean the people that are really really polite and it's really nice. I was only mace mostly in Tokyo
so everything is like really jam packed. Um But it's I mean it's very like it's it's a cool place, I don't know how to how to really explain it other than it's a little bit ugly but really really fun place to the vision meet people. I probably next time I go to like go to Kyoto uh somewhere where it's a little bit more rural where you can yeah, maybe
one day
it's
Mhm. Um Yeah, I mean most people don't speak english there but uh but you know one of the things I really liked about being there was if you attempted to speak japanese, they would really like appreciate that and I really, and they try to understand you. So I think that they were a little bit more what you'd call sympathetic listeners than americans are. Um, they don't get frustrated as easily with people who don't speak the language because, you know, other than the, You know, one little island, nobody else speaks japanese. So I mean that's not the case for like chinese where you got this huge nation or, or spanish where you've got several nations very, you know, so
I will
using what
out?
I haven't, no.
Oh, that's cool. What other languages do they have?
So do you, do you speak more than one language? I would imagine.
that's, that's crazy. Are they similar at all or?
Well,
okay, wow. So can you, can you read any Arabic at all?
Okay. And it's I guess it's similar to the Arabic alphabet at all. I have no, I like like if you if you showed me like which one is is Punjabi and which one is Arabic or whatever, I'll be like, I have no idea. Really.
alphabet wise what they look like. Yeah it's like Jeff, japanese and chinese kind of look the same a little bit because they they have seen a words that are just represented in like one symbol so which
is kind of the same as chinese to a, to a degree. I don't know how it is for south Korea or Korea
and
uh I mean they say the chinese is the hardest language to learn I think. But I mean I'm sure that there's some other crazy language is that are out there that are probably just obscure and weird. I don't know.
Oh yeah, it's like that for for japanese to yeah,
yeah. I don't know why they do that to themselves. Uh huh. So I guess in the sense of like reading and writing is probably the most difficult, but I've also heard that english is one of the most difficult languages too, I guess. Uh, speak and understand because uh, I don't know context
slang.
yeah, yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, it was really nice meeting. Yeah,
enjoy
the rest of your day.