I'm good, how are you?
Say that again,
chuck, Nice to meet you. My name is Harpreet.
Yeah, I'm from California. What about you?
Well that's interesting. I've talked with I've talked with three other people and they've all been from like the East coast. I'm wondering if they purposely make it, So it's like east coast and west coast.
I spoke with two people from Kentucky already and then one person from New Jersey. Yeah. Yeah.
4th 1 Year in this round. Yeah.
Yeah I'm a student. I'm studying Microbiology.
Thank you.
I mean I'm interested in it and I don't think it's as bad as like other professions like engineering or something like that.
What
about you?
No. What?
Um I want to go into research so yeah like research into cancers and other diseases and stuff like that.
Well in high school I like read a story about scientists discovering a bacteria that can like recycle plastic. And that's like yeah so like that interested in me because I've always wanted to like make the environment better so that's why yeah.
Over here it's 8:00 right now. What about you?
Yeah where where are you right now?
I thought New York was three hours ahead from here. Oh wait no it's 7:00. I'm the one. That's wrong.
Yeah I actually just went to new york like last summer. Yeah.
Um Yeah in new york city and then I was in New Jersey for so I play music in a group
and
so there was a the kitchen and so we had an international at New Jersey.
Yeah so it's traditional music and so I sing and I play a string instrument. Yeah.
Yeah. No I am Punjabi from India.
No it's ok
I'll spell it out for you. It's D I L.
Yeah.
Are you B A.
Are you B A.
It's kind of
like I don't know if you know what a sitar is.
Yes, it's like like the frets that
you're playing with one hand are like the notes is like a sitar but you actually play it with a bow, like the violin. Yeah.
I don't know I like I don't know how to read sheet music
so.
So it needs classical music. It's kind of like there's the scale is like um instead of C B A B C D E F G. Right? Um So in India we would like use Saudi Gamma Bad Anissa, which is kind of like Dora me like that one. And so
we just write out like letters and then we have different um beats to play it on.
yeah New Jersey, New Jersey and so yeah so last summer we went to New Jersey and then my family
and
I would decided to go to new york city and then also Washington D. C.
Yeah
I
was yeah I was really surprised when I went to Washington D. C. It was like pretty neat.
Yeah. Um It was only for like a day or so. So we just walked to the capitol building and then walked like all the way to the White House and then uh the Washington monument and then uh the jefferson memorial not the jefferson memorial but the Lincoln memorial. Yeah.
No I feel like I feel like people who come like who live in an actual touristy place, they've never almost never gone to those places. Like I
live in California, I've never been to
Disneyland. Yeah.
All right. Hey.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of people are crazy about Disney, like maybe that's just like I haven't gone there. Yeah.
No.
that's
I mean the weather is great except for like the fire is wildfire
season. Um No, I think well it was raining like today in the past week, so I think they've died down. Yeah.
What
were you saying?
No, I think um most of them have died down, like the air quality is perfect now and it was raining. Yeah,
that helped. Yeah,
you can do.
nine months has it started snowing?
huh.
You
guys get like go ahead.
Yeah, don't you guys get like both extremes because in the summer you guys have like so much humidity over there?
Has
taken
her
six,
What,
Yeah. No, I went to Toronto like in 2012 so you know when
I went there was super humid there. Yeah.
Visiting family. Yeah.
Kind of. I feel like a lot of agents have that like we've immigrated everywhere. So like I've got family in England Australia, they're not like a media family, it's more like close family, like second cousins and stuff like that that my parents were super close to. Yeah,
all my parents worked for kind of like biochem companies here.
How long have you been
in the military for?
Do you have a pilot
lessons
license?
All
Wait, so you have to pay for it yourself? Oh
okay.
I never knew that.
It's
I
had
when I was younger I used to have dreams of flying like becoming a pilot but then I saw how expensive it is to get a license. Yeah.
Oh it's yeah so two of the people I talked to her from Kentucky which was pretty interesting. One I'm like originally from Connecticut and so one of them was an analyst at like a government owned government like a company that worked with government and it was astronomical something I don't know but it was pretty interesting. Yeah they weren't allowed to talk about it. Yeah.
and
then yeah and then the person I talked to from new york, she was actually a
med student. Yeah. Yeah.
I think she had she was like done with two years and she still had to take her test before she could like actually work in the hospital. So. Yeah,
I think so, yeah, I don't really know much about that. Yeah.
I'm on
my laptop right now.
Rule
um It depends so if I do a lot of like research in college or like get an entry level job and work from there, then mole. But yeah, for like really big positions, like scientists and stuff like that, you usually need a PhD. Yeah.
hopefully.
Yeah, it's pretty intimidating right now. Yeah.
definitely. I
yeah, I guess that's why I like being becoming like a doctor title is such a big deal. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah,
I
don't know.
Most
likely, but I'd really like to like go work in like europe for like a year
or two just because
Um Maybe like England would be nice but actually like Ireland or Norway and stuff like that just for the nature.
Yeah. I love like going into national parks and stuff like that.
Yeah, I've been to Yosemite here and then like to hold like every every year for like the snow and stuff like that. And then there's a bunch of like mountains near where I
live.
I
live
in the big the mountains like every in every direction. So like. Yeah.
Yeah. I actually went to europe and then I go to like India every three or two years. Yeah.
From punjab to print job. Yeah.
He
liked.
I usually line in New Delhi when I whenever I go
to India and it's always so polluted, they're like the air, it's like the air here from the wildfires is what it's always like in New Delhi. Yeah. Mhm.
I'm just,
ends up.
Yeah. Today I like to browse through Reddit because like r slash all and today I saw like an actual river
of plastic
in like the middle of America right now.
Like
apparently in the south, like people don't care about littering and everything. So there's a bunch of trash everywhere.
I think it's an the gulf of Mexico maybe
baby
article.
I've been to south Korea
for like the airport airport layovers. So I've been actually been inflated. Yeah.
How is Japan?
And
Was
there a bunch of,
was there a big language barrier in Japan?
Yeah. I'm currently
trying to learn spanish, it had become fluent in it and I'm basically using the lingo
mhm dual lingo do you
have you heard about it?
Oh so it's basically an app you can get on like it's not an outfits like a website, it's dual lingo dot com and it like helps you learn for free basically. Yeah,
they have a ton now, so they have like all the european languages and they also are like adding Middle Eastern languages and they have like east asian languages too. Yeah. Yeah
the great, yeah, I speak Punjabi and then I can speak and understand hindi and Urdu too. Yeah,
you know hindi and Urdu are like really similar, it's just hindi is written in the hindi alphabet and order is written in the Arabic
alphabet.
no, I can't read that but I can't read Punjabi.
no, they're completely different, Punjabi is also different from hindi so yeah,
Because
is it is it either chinese
or is it japanese which are like the hardest languages to learn?
I feel like that red store that Chinese has like over 50,000 characters that Children have to memorize just to be able to like read a newspaper or something like that.
And this.
yeah. Thing is
english is just like a mix of all the other languages. Yeah.
All right.
I think our times. Mhm.
You too
bye
to take care.