yeah yeah that's true. Mhm.
Yeah what's up?
Yeah Hi can you hear
me?
Is it near you? Mhm. Right
right mm.
You hear me?
So what we're supposed to do just tap
25
minutes. What the 25 minutes? It was like a 15 like a 16 cents? Right?
it's good. What are you up here? What are you doing? Ah
who
nah I play like good. I don't know I didn't get really that into it. I played like six months. I like Diablo so you know I like that but I've been trying to get my shit together mostly so
video games kind of took back burn.
Oh yeah hell yeah yeah I can't imagine it's the distress her. I know wow wow it was for me when I think that
two
yeah my fucking dogs barking
gps man heard you didn't ring the doorbell he might ring the doorbell here.
No
I'll bring the computer though so you can. Amazing man I just I just ordered some uh wait you know like uh in weight lifting the cages? That they have something. Yeah yeah I just ordered one of those like last week.
uh You got doing burgers. What kind of you uh are a big pc gamer?
Well what do you what else do you play besides Path?
You won't
find me.
well.
is it um um Titan fall
you know
on hold with a lot a lot a lot a boy.
What is it?
Horizon? Oh
did you like do you cry? Yeah that game, that is my favorite game dude.
And you
go ahead.
you streamed it on switch.
yeah that's so cool, that game is that game is an experience man.
not yet. I played um I don't know if journey is anything like heavy rain but Journey. I don't know if you know what that is.
the rain like?
It's a good game.
I know you got good ratings and stuff, didn't it?
It's very good. I gotta I gotta get on that portal train in half life two. I haven't. Everybody talks about
make
me
Yeah, they're always making jokes about half 53 So it must be half life two must be a good game. Um
What was about to say? Oh, did you play deaths training yet?
I got a goddamn it. I just don't want before, man.
I know I wanted to get marijuana cartridges.
Okay. Okay. You're not gonna wait until the people, you're gonna get PS five. They'll be all next year, won't it?
Okay. That was a while ago then. Hey,
what about
final penalty?
And
then you know,
you don't know if that was my favorite and though ever. Dude.
Yeah. I mean I've been trying to get back on it but they keep fucking
me like Because I had an account on the computer and I had an account on PS four and like every time I get a fucking subscription I always fuck it up and like I'm not and I don't know how to get back on it and I'll just keep wasting money is like whatever.
Fuck you. Mhm.
They got this uh we use chrome. It's like a It was I know it's a chrome extension. Firefox extension two.
fine fancy was good. And they're coming out with the remake of Seven. That's what I'm really about to get on.
Yeah. Well I know they I know they? Re mastered it on steam. Uh Yeah yeah. Uh People were talking shit about it I think.
Yeah it was good
with
what was the gun? That sword the
I'm blade dude only fuck that thing is tight. That was almost as cool as clouds, fucking big ass meat cleaver.
I'm saying he's like drop it on him this matter. Um
Remember
George? Go ahead, go ahead.
Oh shit you know I have that game on Steam I literally have on my computer right now but I haven't like gone. Yeah.
Oh God dude that's so cool. I remember those sets at least. I remember seven is so nostalgic dude.
You notice they started selling like all the old systems again Obviously.
All right. I went to walmart yesterday and they had a fucking um not a dreamcast, not a game cube. What's the what was the it was like a Sega. It was the one after Nintendo original. Remember what it will? And
then they're they're selling Playstation once again to dude
like
I
know.
All
I feel like I would be so disappointed by the graphics. Probably break it. What is this shit?
It was yeah and the old graphics kind of make it too as well. You can't
people are saying like um it's good but they didn't really like uh
it doesn't it doesn't flow if that makes sense. Like you can tell things just don't really it's like this this thing is HD but then the characters like I don't know I was reading Steam reviews and they didn't they really bond that thing. They
like
it.
Yeah that could have been at.
Mhm. Man I can't wait till that game. Dude. Very.
Oh you haven't played at all? Oh dude you better get on it man. Yeah. Just wait you just wait, wait to play the new one because no one's gonna be off the charts. Cool.
No, I didn't.
It's by still by Blizzard.
God damn it man,
there's something
I
don't know. I know, I love I love wow, I love Starcraft, I love I love uh Diablo, but fuck Blizzard man. My company.
yeah man
and E. A. And E. A's shit all that's been going on,
We're
running them. Yo remember when fallout 76 came out? Did you ever see that video
on you?
There,
Oh my God, there's this video by like there's this guy on Youtube called like what is his fucking name? I don't know. It's got a lot of views, like millions of views. Um something like internet on the internet Anyways, it's just like a whole 20 minute video making fun of fall of 76. And is the funniest Goddamn thing I've ever seen in my life. I wouldn't say this lightly to you. Something I don't even know a fair moment you that pops
in your
head. Go check out because you will laugh. I promise you
it's so funny man. And the guy who made it and who was doing all that marketing, that fucking guy, I forgot his name, but he's like he looks like the perfect guy two way oversold that game. And then all of a sudden it just super shitty. Um
when he was when they were releasing that when they were releasing E. three or whatever
when they were um announcement.
Yeah. He was like uh he
was like, it probably won't be funny to you, but it's funny to me. He was like four times the nap size or something. I don't know man I don't look at that video right now dude that shit shit bothering me now.
So
when
you
now you can help, you can help.
You know what happened?
what
is the problem of mortals? You know I've never heard that.
okay now this all makes sense what you just told.
So it never came out and never came out.
Damn. I wish they really would because you feel like they could do it on your phone. If they if they can do like uh Pub G. And fucking Fortnite on your phone you think they'd be able to do with Diablo? I mean it's not like
okay yeah you put it that way. Yeah I'd be fucking pissed. A mobile game. The fucking money
hungry companies.
Dude, I swear
the golden age of games is like I don't know if it's it's about to start in or were we've been clearly were clearly we've were clearly happened in the dark ages for quite a minute now with goddamn Call of duty, you fucking cookie cut.
I hate that fucking game dude.
now how do we check?
last tab. Oh okay okay. Oh dude we've been talking 15 minutes. Oh no we've been talking But yeah 15 minutes. Oh hell
well you know we've been talking 10 minutes. It's 25.
Okay. Okay. Oh it's counting up my bad, my bad.
I just started working at uh CVS is a pharmacy tech. That's that's uh as of like a week ago
or two weeks ago. Yeah
nah dude you literally just um You buy a pharmacy tech license for $100, you get a couple affidavits from fucking random people and send it to this place and then they give you a license and you just apply and they give
you a job.
You know what's crazy is I was addicted to heroin two years ago and obviously I've cleaned myself up and um got help but now I'm working with, now I'm working
with drugs
like and
yeah it wasn't like a I needed is more of like a product of my of the environment
I was in, I was working restaurant jobs and you know drugs and alcohol. I don't know if you've ever worked in the kitchen man, but this fucking rampant and
doing
basket
especially.
Oh Fast food especially man, there's nothing more soul sucking than getting paid $8 an hour to fucking do do that shit. And they come at home smelling like a goddamn, you gotta send layer of oil overview. I
want
to.
What do what do you do now? You get another job?
Okay. That's cool. How's that going? Is it is it lucrative?
Mm. What you are you near any major city?
Okay. Okay. Well that's that's weird. You think it matched us based on state? Because I'm in Georgia to I'm here. I'm here making.
Yeah. That's that's pretty crazy. I don't know how many people do these prolific surveys but I made a lot of money. Have you made doing I made a lot of money doing these fucking surveys.
Yeah. I haven't either. I just started back after the break and stuff. Um Do you do you do mturk Amtrak to amazon?
Yeah. Dude, I mean I mean more on their than I'm here.
Normally
I don't I don't pick fucking talking ones because I don't want to talk to fucking anybody, you know?
I guess
they record this and what it
might re watch it I guess.
Dude, I'll do anything for $3 or whatever. $15 you said.
That's
the most I've ever made in one go
for an hour, right?
You
know
more than I am right now man. Um
what's that like? Does it suck?
That's true. That's true. After all that stuff came out about
all the sexual assault
and
Mhm. Somebody somebody picked somebody up and they and the rider killed them, killed the driver. Oh fuck. I wonder how Uber is able to stay in business with shit like that happening.
Yeah. I heard a lot of bad things about doordash and which kind of turned me away from Uber eats as well. Like
well apparently um Door dash when the person tips you um I forgot what it was. Door dash was supposed to pay you something and you're supposed to receive the tip. The tip is yours and they pay you something but now it's just like it's either they take the tip from
you
or they take some of the tip or they take the pay away and you only get the tip or something like that. Something where they jam or jam people up.
You would have heard get away from it. Uh
Mhm. Was it hard to get to sign up for Uber and do
all
that? I tried to a long time ago but
I couldn't,
I
got
I think my car is a 2007. I wonder why he wasn't letting me do it.
I can't remember.
Oh I think it does nothing. I live in the past, I used to live in the purple. I used to live in downtown making like so I I would like everybody would get hammered on the weekends and I was like, well this is a perfect opportunity to fucking, you know?
Yeah, literally walk outside and I'm at the bars like, so I was like this is a good opportunity to make money. Um
Mhm. Actually, I think that was why I'm pretty sure that
was why. Um Well anyways. Um So what you got going on today? What time? I guess at the same time same time there is here.
Hold on. Would you have going on?
You get to see some of my house
already on the lake,
your lakes and Claire, you know
and you're Eadington.
really? You know Milledgeville,
okay. Is near there. Yeah. All right. Here's my doggy boom.
Uh huh. Yeah. I named her una after final fantasy. Um
yeah kind of fancy 10.
you
did.
Yeah tension is good too. I love 10. That's my favorite. Fuck all the Goddamn dogs. I
know. Do you here sir?
Yeah. Yeah. I love my mom right now. I moved on my mom when she's trying to retire.
Really?
Really though? That's what I tell people that really got addicted to heroin and had had
to move in, get my things straight. It's what I just got. I
don't know if you see it you see
um I think it's part of the cage. Yeah. Uh fucking dog. Oh shit. Hold on goddamn it hold on real quick.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh
bad. She
got other. Yeah start tacking the dogs.
neighbors don't like shit.
Okay now I'm in my basement.
Yeah. I don't know why I went on.
Why can't you walk around?
yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Damn. That's sorry.
What time are we at now?
Cool. So we are we gonna, we keep going?
Thank
you.
Do you get paid more?
Oh well we can keep talking if you want to for like a minute. Uh huh.
Hold on. Okay.
What do you say? Mm.
Okay. So what else you got any other hot topics?
Wait one More. What about the last of us?
Why? Why? Why don't you know how you feel about it?
No. That should say that. I hadn't even thought of that thought until you said that.
The 1st 1 Is Good. Really? Really? That's
1st game in a while. That made me have an emotional response. And then I was actively like
what's gonna happen next, you know?
Beyond two
souls. What is it? uh
Um What about the 2nd 1? It wasn't as good. Oh, I think I remember this game.
Mm It was for Oh they're launching it for PS four.
Yeah, it is Beyond Two Souls launch trailer, PS Four interesting.
Yeah. I just I suppose they are. Damn, I'm gonna have to go. Can I got to get a PS four again man?
I'll
Yeah, I mean they have the best exclusives
to
be honest. I really wanted to get a switch. I had one I got rid of switch. Got a PS four but now I kind of want to switch again like
you must you play breath of the wild and uh
it's not really my style.
That's a good game. And so it just goes
always
thinking.
Yeah, I never beat it. I wish I would have it was got it got really repetitive to be honest.
Yeah, yeah, it's really the main killer of games is just gets
fucking repetitive. Dude, when we say we come out with the game, I thought no man's Sky was going to be the game,
you know,
being
my friend and I only have like one friend now. I mean we always make jokes about No man's Sky when it comes out about it being the best game ever. I mean, I was on the hype train dude, I was like holy shit, procedure
generated
men.
Yeah, I mean they fucking I mean they did hype it up and they
kind
of,
it didn't they also said like a lot of things we're gonna be in it, They weren't fucking in there.
Well
yeah, they've done better. They put some patches in it, it's okay, now I'm still the same. But you know.
Okay. I enjoyed
address your date man.
Mhm. I shall