Can you hear me?
Hello?
No,
hold on, let me see. It's there's a possibility it's running through the wrong speakers.
mm.
Hey, I think it's me, dragon.
it was my speakers. I think
we're I think
we're just,
Yeah, No, you get $15 if you complete 25 minutes. Mhm.
I was playing path of exile. My fiancee's playing in the background.
You don't play anymore.
People
happens. We uh we use it as a distressing thing. Like when I get really stressed out, I'm like let's play path.
I'm
guessing you have dogs.
That's
okay. I understand. I can wait
for you.
Oh that's fun. Yeah. My computer doesn't move because this is a full desktop. I have, I have you on the monitor over here and then I have path on the monitor over here.
Oh yeah, most of our games on pc.
Um We're waiting
for
um smart games come out. But we were playing, she's you name it. We played it. Uh We played division two. We played destiny to,
we played I think we tested apex Legends and there was this other one. It was like a robot one, but I can't remember the name of it is. Yeah.
No.
Hold on. Let me see.
No.
I did play a non Pc game though. Um I played
Horizon zero Dawn. I finished it.
I
us
I was just gonna say I streamed the whole thing I played from beginning to end including the frozen wilds one.
No, I stripped it on Youtube but I think I'm gonna replay it all on twitch.
That game is great. Have you played a heavy rain or anything like that?
No, I don't think part of it. But
heavy rain. Is this like murder mystery game? But you're this cop and you're trying to find your son who was kidnapped and it's been raining and if you don't find him at time he drowns. Yeah
it was a good game like I love that game like it put me on the edge of my seat a lot, I was like oh what's going to happen?
Yeah I think so. Um I played it after, it came out like a little bit after but it was a really good game, like I didn't play Portal when it first came out but I played portal to
portal
and half
marks.
Right.
Oh my fiance is playing and I'm watching him play it. It is a really good game
you shouldn't have sold.
Mhm. I mean it's a good reason if you felt like it was a good reason but like we we sold our playstation for, we uh we upgraded to the Playstation Pro.
well we bought our politician pro two years ago now.
It
might have
We played so Jason that's my fiance, he played final fantasy seven. I don't know if he played eight, but I know he played 14 and here
15.
Yeah, we played 14 together.
Was it
welcome?
there's
there's an app that I use called Last Pass that tracks everything. I don't even
Yeah, I use it on chrome. Yes.
Well I heard that they read it ate right?
that's because people didn't like it. It wasn't the favorite but it was my favorite because
it
was a good game.
Un blade.
Thing looked like it would beat somebody like you don't even have to use it to cut them. You just got to beat them with the blade.
but
now the
I was gonna say the gun blade was a cool weapon because if you remember to use it, you could fire the gun at the same time that you slice through someone. Okay,
I have a Playstation two but I'm probably not gonna connect it, but I do own the original four disc set for the Final Fantasy eight.
It's crazy that I still own that thing, but I'm just like, it's my favorite game and like I really just want to play it again, but you have to have an old system to play it operation.
like they're like selling them online or something, some weird or they're like selling them with extra games already installed and you're just like where was this when I was playing the system?
I
I
know I'm like boy, I want that, I
do
Give Me A
PlayStation one again.
I I think I would still enjoy playing Final Fantasy even if it was like the old graphics because it was such a good story.
I wonder what the Ringmaster looks like, but I'm not really worried about it.
please.
I probably only
remastered
the like cut scenes or whatever,
which wouldn't surprise me because for them to re master all the Final Fantasy, they would have to literally re make it like they're doing seven,
I'll finally play it. I haven't played someone yet.
but did you hear the day announced Diablo for
and finally announced Yellow for
still by Blizzard?
No
Blizzard is not going to get that title to anybody, you know
that?
That company went to shit when they decided to join Activision. Yeah.
Yeah.
It's insane like all the gaming, the whole gaming community is about to have like a heart attack I swear
to
my
I heard so many things about fallout 76 and
none of them good.
The
book
I probably would because 76 went to crap.
Uh huh.
Remember
talk about it
the same.
What
did
you
hear? Go ahead.
I was gonna say did you hear what happened when they not this past year when they announced the outlook for the year before? When they announced Diablo immortals. Did you hear what happened?
So one of the developers was like don't you have a phone when everybody got mad it was harsh and they put their stock plummeted and everything all at the same time at that announcement it was
horrible.
Diablo immortal is supposed to be Diablo on your phone. Yeah,
it was it was crazy. You should watch Bliss Con every year because some of the stuff that happens, it's crazy. Funny.
I don't know if they're still working on it or what happened with that project?
I figure it out. Right. But see, the problem was is that everybody was expecting a Diablo for release and they're like, oh no, we're gonna release a mobile game. And everybody was like, excuse me.
Thank
you
belly.
Uh Call of Duty, one of those games.
me too. I can't stand it. Do you know? You can check how long we've been talking,
go back to the last habit tells you how long you've been on the call.
Well, probably.
No, we've been talking 15.
Yeah. So what do you do for a living? Yeah.
that's
But you had to go to school for that? Right.
Well
that's interesting.
What
happened?
I'll just make sure that you stay on track and then it wouldn't matter.
People
Oh yeah. No, I know because like I used to work, I mean it's not the same as working in a big restaurant, but even in fast food, like you would always have all these people that are always talking about. Yeah, I'm gonna go get high when this is over or they're going to get high on the clock or something.
It's
like dude,
what? Fuck!
don't
think
I ever got that smell out of my apron like even though I tried, that's what I was always there lives in your friends.
Uh currently I just drive for Uber.
it can be if you drive enough,
I live near Atlanta.
Oh really? Making that's a drive for me. That's like a, I don't know, two or three hour drive Gs. I don't know, maybe it did match us on state
um when I do them I can make good money but I haven't done any while.
No I haven't. I I need to um
um Mostly I just do it because it's a good extra little thing at the end of the day, you know and I don't know what made me pick this. I was like I have a headache, let's see what's going on. And I was like sure let's talk to people because then I'm not staring at the screen. You
know?
You know, it makes you think, oh I'm gonna have to talk to one of the researchers. They're gonna ask me all kinds of weird questions, what's going to happen? And then you get another person, it's just doing a prolific thing and you're like, okay, that works okay. Okay.
It
is.
I guess they do. I guess they want to see how people get along and see what happens.
it's $15. I think if I read it right.
Me
too, man. I'll talk to somebody for 30 minutes. If it gets me $15, I'm just saying.
$15 an hour just to sit and talk somebody. Okay, let's talk. What do
you want to talk
about?
I don't make that much with Uber, but I do. Uber eats more often than I do Uber.
No, it's actually fun. You just get to I love getting into the car and just go pick up the food. You don't have to deal with worry about some stranger being in your car. You just delivered to their door.
I've
read
the nut. Mhm. Did you hear about the one who got killed? I think somewhere in California or something when it first started? Yeah,
Because they are making money off of the drivers so if somebody wants to keep driving
like what?
better
than that.
I don't know. I haven't used doordash in a while. Um
I have driven for them before but door dash is more complicated like you get there and the food is not ready usually with Uber eats, you don't get paid until the restaurant gets pained and then you go pick it up.
No,
not
video.
You
have
to have a car that's 2007 or newer. I
don't know.
It didn't take me a lot of anything. It just, they needed my registration, My insurance. The insurance card has to have your name on it.
it.
Yeah, that's all I know is that if it doesn't have your your name on it, they won't approve you. That's weird.
All
Fifties. I can't believe it's only 3.15. I feel like these days dragging. Yeah. And barking dog.
You guys? Uh
That's cool.
That's really cool.
Fuck
no, I'm not sure. I don't know much about that area.
No, I know Macon. That's about it.
Hello Peppers
10.
I played 10. I
never
finished. Yeah, I never finished 10 to, but I heard it was interesting.
Everybody's uh like how are you?
That's a nice name.
Yeah, that's cool.
Yeah.
Hello?
Good morning.
What is that?
Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Okay. I wonder. Okay. Yeah.
No you're good. Everything
That's not good. Yeah.
About night. Mhm. True.
That's fun
because you can walk around and I can't
because my cameras attached to my computer
that's okay.
We're at I think we're at 25 minutes. 26 minutes and 16 seconds. Yeah.
Well we can keep talking if you want
to.
We don't have to.
No I think that's it. I think it's 25 minutes minimum.
I mean that's this time.
Mhm.
I don't know. I don't know what I was saying.
Yeah. No I think I think we literally covered everything in 20 minutes. That yeah
last of us was a good game. I want to play the second one but I don't know how I feel about it.
I don't know because it's just you know Sequels don't always make it better. Mhm.
Yeah but it makes it interesting game like the interest it's a thought that's interesting and I really want to like tackle it but we'll see that
was a really good game.
You
like last of us, have you ever played beyond two souls? You should put that one to that one was a great game.
It
was a Playstation game. I remember I think it was a PlayStation three but it was a really good game. Yeah
that was a great game.
Are they really
I'm gonna have to look that up because I didn't know they were going to bring it back.
Making
you want all the games.
Thank
you.
I have a switch and a playstation for us so I can't say anything. He
played the Breath of the Wild. I'm more of like I play like Professor Layton puzzle games and stuff like that. That's
okay. Link, Breath of the Wild. I watched him play. It looks really interesting.
So
that
was great. Itself is a great game. It's just not because we only buy one copy of it. I don't I don't really play it.
Don't. Most games.
Everybody
thought no Man's Sky
was going to be
that game.
Everybody thought
it was gonna be. Everybody
thought it was gonna be, you know?
they
didn't
deliver.
Yeah, I have no idea what happened with that game, but I know they just crashed and
burned with it.
Well, I enjoyed talking to you, but I'm gonna go ahead and go
you
too.
But.