Hey, how's it going? Yeah. How are you tonight? Oh
you hear me? How you doing?
I'm good. You
where are you calling from?
Where are you calling from?
New york,
how was that any better?
You know
I'm from the new york right outside
New york city. Not really
about 2020 miles north of New york city. Yeah.
No
I don't know about that, but it's
a little crazy
here.
Yeah, I'm sure. How long ago was that?
It's
changed
Yeah. You don't look that old, so can't be that long ago.
Sorry, I don't know why it's so
low.
man, that's that's a long question, I'm all right, it's um my area is a hotspot, so it's been
stressful and I have, my daughter was two months old when this all started, so it's been a really weird experience, you
know? So how are you doing with it?
But
that's
bubble.
Here it is
Yeah My wife thinks it's really strange but I'm like keep on making like 20 bucks every time I do it so I'm gonna keep on doing
it as
long as
like
well
the first
time
oh she's an introvert I'm an extrovert so I'm like this is like all right you're gonna pay me to talk to someone for 20 minutes. Cool to do that. But yeah first time she got she she's like I didn't tell her what I was doing because you know I just forgot what it was and she came down I was like talking to some random girl and because I did the first round well I don't know how many rounds have been but I did want a few months ago and she's like who are you talking to
explain it?
Yeah. Now she's she's like what's one of those surveys you do kept sleeping alone?
Or
have
you?
Thank
you.
There is the survey we have to do afterwards.
You do um you know I'm gonna rush through it today because I gotta I didn't realize when I schedule it that I'm I'm hanging out with some friends of mine tonight and so they're getting together around six but we're watching some UFC fights probably around 7 30. So right after this I'm gonna do it and then go. But I don't feel bad because my wife's been out most of the day. We want the girls for most of the day alone. So you know she gets the cleanup where she's putting them to bed tonight. So.
she
works
so I got to
two four year old and if it
well
she's
not
an
infant,
you know, 10 9 month old, so.
yeah, we obviously weren't because there was just so much going on that, you know, I heard about it, but it was in the background and it wasn't until like, you know, my wife started freaking, you know, she's kind of a germophobe. And so once the baby came home and she started hearing about it, she's like, you know, I think this can get bad. I'm like now it's fine. Like when it first when we first like the week before we shut down, I was joking about it. Um And I'm like, you know, because they were, you know, they were talking about closing down the workplace for a bit and I started telling, you know, at that point I really needed a break as my daughter was up at night crying and I was working two jobs and so I started telling my coworkers, I'm like yeah I'll go look some door knobs
to get a few days off, you know just joking around and then
you know they closed down my workplace for a couple days and I'm like all right, you know, no big deal, they're just cleaning and it was still no big deal. And then they kept on closing things
and my area got really bad really fast. And that's when I started getting nervous because I'm like they just shut down everything like everything and I'm like oh shit
like I got really you know I got nervous for a little bit now. It's I mean I know people that have come down with it. Um I know people have ever, I unfortunately know a few people that passed um They were older um but still they, you know,
I know three people
that I can remember that passed from it. Um Two of them were fairly old, the other one was,
she was only a few years older than me, but she had other health issues. Um So you know, that's when I really started hitting home, you know,
it's, you know, it's you know, I was friendly with them, but they were acquaintances will say, you know like there are people that have known
for for a while, but you know, I'd see them and I say hi every once in a while one or two of them might talk on the phone with, but that was about the extent of it. Um I know a lot of people that, you know, some people aren't even close with that have come down with it, I can't even keep track anymore of all the people that have come down with it, but I know most of them recovered. Um but you know, it's, I don't know if there was a group of people unfortunately by me that aren't following the rules and it's becoming
bad and now it's becoming like they're like, oh this is discrimination and everyone's like, no, you're just assholes like,
you know, so
it's
Or
maybe
around
but
Well.
What?
you figure it out
and if, you know, it's the funny thing is so like, I mean, I'm from a very democratic state and a very liberal state, I'm kind of in the middle, but like everyone thinks new york is very liberal, it's really not, it's new york city is ultra liberal, and then you get out of the city and the further away you get from the city, the more um the more conservative they get, and so some of my friends are actually really conservative um and they're not there, I have one or two people that I know distantly on facebook that are like those my rights people, most of my friends that are like, you know, a lot of them have like, you know, they're voting for trump and you know, maga hats and that, and they're wearing masks
like,
no,
I don't, but
yeah, no, I don't,
I don't get
it, like, it's like I'm in the middle, like, so, you know, I think, I think everyone's assholes just, you
know, personally, but I don't get those people that like, oh, it's my rights. It's like,
I'm going to I'm going to, you know, my friend's house tonight, there's gonna be like seven of us. We're not going to wear
masks.
And like, that's one thing, it's like a small gathering of friends, but I'm going out like at work, I'm wearing a mask, I'm going out to the um
supermarket, I'm wearing masks, like all that, I'm wearing mask, and it's like, all right. I mean, we're literally gonna be barbecuing so it's, you know, shown
our
Yeah, It's, you know, I don't get it, but like, oh, it's it's, you know, it's it's my right. Shut up.
Just
shut
up.
No.
And
What?
I that
I heard
about.
The funny thing is like the people that at least that I've come in contact with, their also the same like the anti-Vaxxers um There's I find there's a lot of crossover in that group.
And it's like the funny thing is that, you know, everyone kind of associates the anti maskers with the republicans and I totally get wide, but the group that's doing it around here a they say that they're not vaccinating their kids for religious purposes and they're actually also really democratic. So it's just like, but you know, everyone is just, you know, they mean it's getting ugly here,
it's
getting really ugly and like the funny
thing is that they're like well you're making this you know uh you know it's a discrimination thing and blah blah blah and they're like no no, like just look at the numbers, it's not discrimination. Like look at the numbers, you're infecting everyone around you. So it's it's getting frustrating.
That
Or
able
I'm sure.
We
oh I I believe it and you know with the funny thing is
with this current climate. Mhm. Um I mean I I certainly believe in discrimination and it's a real thing,
but I think so many people like you said are kind of everything is now discrimination
that um I've always had like, you know, I mean I live in a very white county. I'm not going to say don't like parts of it are are
you know, you have like the spanish pocket pockets, the african american pockets. Um And so I've always had very diverse group of friends and especially living this close to the city,
but we've always been friends but I've I've been having these conversations like my my my friends, especially my white friends that had diverse friends and growing up, I have heard them become more racist now because like
I think of just the current, I'm at
been scared
what
could
be,
you know, at least where I'm where I am and yeah trump is definitely an issue. But you
know,
I
think the other side it's getting bad too because it's like um yeah,
know, I even feel a little bit where it's almost kind of like you know, you know what white white privilege, you know kind of almost getting attacked for for for what I am and it's like, oh man, you know remember 9 11 happened and my friend, one of my best friends was was indian and his parents had to commune stores and people were threatening to burn it down and my friends and I went and like no, no, you are fucking dead body, You know? And it's um you know, that was the kind of atmosphere I grew up in and so it's like I'm very politically incorrect but it's just kind of crazy, you know, the climate we're living in and it's, you know, I'm seeing it from both sides, to be honest with you and
I know
I'm not I'm not defending trump. But you know, the other side to it's just kind of like um
you know, it's it's coming from both ways like, you know, it's like, you know, they're saying, you know, there's no racism and bullshit, but then the other sides like there's, you know, everything's racism and it's like, wait no, it's not like the group that that's causing the most problems around here. It's a sect of Judaism and like my jewish friends hate them the most. Like that's the crazy thing. But they're like, oh they're anti Semitic, no they're not, they're Semitic, like they're they're jewish and they hate you more than anyone else. Um You know? And so like, I don't know man, it's just it's so crazy.
Um I'm I'm waiting for everything to blow over, you know? Um So we'll see, I mean my wife wants to get out of here, but I don't see that happening anytime soon.
No.
on
visit
and like september at least here seem to be getting better because we hit the we hit a wave before a lot of the other country and one of my buddies down in Tennessee and he's like, he kind of caught up to new york when we were getting better,
he's like no it's starting to get bad, but now things are starting to shut down right around here again. And so it's like like we almost got like this much of a taste of like
normalcy back, you know it's like things are opening up like you know you can go sit inside a restaurant that's nice and you know now things are shutting down again and it's you know um Yeah it's getting frustrating you know? Um.
Yeah and uh we have like right down the street for me so it's about three miles down the road, the second biggest mall in America and that thing killed all the local business and yeah I mean this has been about 15 years now or so you know something like that so you know I'm used to it now, I grew up here but I'm used to it now, I made my peace with it but it's at least kept and and especially in my town it's kept the
um the school taxes down and my taxes are absurd as it is. And now that looks like it might go out of business
and
my taxes are going to probably go up around like 30% unfortunately.
And it's
like,
it's honestly it's not gonna be that bad because it's there was always a high turnover in the mall because like that it was it was so expensive to um to have a store in there. I think it was about like you know for like a kiosk like 6, 7000 month. So things are going like constantly. But and it was like, you know, most of people that work there. I hate to say it like uh teenagers, college kids or we have like you know, a lot of migrants um or you know, it was kind of like the house moms that want housewives that wanted a job or you know, stuff like that. It wasn't,
yeah, it'll hurt a bit.
But you know, the job market here has always been decent because it's literally a half hour drive to new york city.
And then we got like white plains, like right across the bridge, which is, you know, probably don't know it, but it's, you know, it
would be considered like, you know, in a smaller town, like that area would start to be like a very small urban area considered. So there's options, but you
know, it's
locally it's gonna kill us. So we'll see, you know,
we'll
see
like it was,
it's like, you know, I'm really thankful my job is stable, my wife's job is stable. Um But you know, it's like, we're kind of with two kids in really expensive area, like
really straddling the line of like all right, we're dipping into our savings as it is, you know, taxes go up a few grand a year or just don't know what we're gonna do. Yeah.
But
that's
not good. Yeah.
you
know,
I'm with you, you know, But it could be a lot worse, you
know, I'm
grateful.
another
sport?
Well
but
that
Well
it's
but
Well, yeah, I think I think my county has about 5000 cases or so, so, you know, it's not good, but it's could be worse. Could be all right, well, I think we got our 25 minutes
in.
thank
you. Thank you, enjoy time with the kids and good luck down in Kansas.
thank you to you too.