Yeah.
mm
no terry today?
I'm good, it's getting cold here so
hm
I'm from Kansas. Yeah, your volume is
little alright, I can't hear you real well, I couldn't at first.
Yeah, that is better. Where are you
from?
that's cool.
or
that's not too too far far enough
to be able to live a normal life though.
I
stayed
with a friend when I was like in my early twenties, in on Bushwick Avenue in Brooklyn for for like two months and it was interesting experience. So
um around 2000 and 13 I think. Yeah, some
time
ago. Many moons.
Yeah, hold on one second, let me turn this fan off and see if that makes it, I might make it a little better. Oh,
no,
that's a lot better. I think my fan was like sitting on a table and like kind of vibrating and I think that might have been part of the issue, so now I can hear you really clear. Yeah, So how are you doing um in this crazy year we're having? Yeah.
Hi.
I bet
um you know, as best as can be expected, I say that only because I have had no family members or close friends actually come down with the virus and to me obviously, you know, like everything else hopefully so far can be worked out with everyone I know, so that's like the most scariest thing to me. So as far as that's gone so far, so good. I mean
of course you get bored sitting at home. I have asthma, so I've spent a lot of this year in my house, but which is definitely getting old, but I mean it's the least I can do to make sure
that people around me are safe, you know, so just trying to make the best out
of the situation that I can. That's basically I know that this study has been so exciting to me. I've done it one time before this and this is so exciting to me because it's like, oh I get to talk to someone I don't know. Which is like something we've definitely lost in the last year. So it's nice to just like talk to someone you don't know and learn a different story guys get so
you only see the same people.
That's
it.
It's
like it's an interesting thing and you know, you make money
off of it. What what's to lose out of that? You know, I'm
an introvert
and I still like doing it.
What?
Hey, I would have did the same thing with my husband. I have been like um excuse me and you want to let me know here, am I interrupting something? Mhm.
To me I have a 22 month old. So to me it's like a 20
minute excuse and I work from home too. But most of stuff I do I do after my husband gets home so I can fit this in to
be
like since I'm not
actually
working it's like a 20 minute break. But then you know I can tell him he's out there with her. I can be like hey I had to do a survey afterwards. It was actually 40 minutes. But really I'm sitting in here watching a Youtube video. He doesn't know that.
Yeah. See you gotta include that you know.
everybody you've got to get some time out. Especially in times like these so you know got to share the duties. How
many kids do
you have?
Oh that's nice.
You
said
four
year
old
and what?
Oh yeah you said two months when, when this all started. So we had they were talking about it for a while before it actually like hit America was you and your wife concerned about that with her being pregnant? I know because I had a young toddler at that time, so it was like really scary because you didn't know exactly what was going to happen when it came here, you know what I mean?
Going to happen?
The founder of
and uh
well
he's fine. Yeah.
No,
No.
obviously I'm so sorry to hear that.
what?
and
well
I live
in Kansas, so very Republican state. Um We live in an area, I live in a bigger metropolitan area in Kansas though, it is a, like a normal city. Um, I have lived in a smaller area in Kansas too, but now I live in a, I've lived all over, I've lived in Virginia, I've lived in California, I was born in massachusetts, so I've gotten a good
view of
different
areas in the country and this one is definitely the most Republican I've ever lived in. It honestly feels different sometimes and I call them the, my rights people, we have a lot of the, my right people out here and you go to walmart and you've got maybe 60% of the people wearing mask. And it's that scary to me. Like
that scary because if you don't care here, you don't care anywhere. So you, you don't even know if you're, you know what I mean? And it's been our math mandate just expired like two days ago. And I tried to go to walmart one day after that and like no one was wearing them. No one, it's just like,
I think I feel, I almost feel when I went to um art I had mine on and I almost felt like more people were looking at me like, like I was crazy. Which I don't care. You can think I'm crazy. I'm saying along I could be saving you and I'm still okay with that. You know what I mean? Like even if I'm protecting your life and you're an asshole, I'm still
okay with that because I know that I'm doing what's right. I don't, I don't even understand how what ground they stand on. I don't understand how they, how they rationalize that in their head. But then,
you know.
Yeah. And that's
good. Not I don't feel like your political affiliation would automatically make you a
jackass
like that like
no,
but
seriously,
Kids.
is
where?
Right
The fact that
you wear them out in public public makes gives you the assurance that when you are in a small gathering of just your friends and people you know are that you can feel safe and comfortable, you know?
I
don't get
that
either because coronavirus doesn't care what you're writing is like corona, it's not like they're gonna be like oh
you you don't believe in the mask, I'm gonna skip over you, like that's not gonna it's not gonna save you, it's not going to save the family around you. So it's just I don't get it either, I don't get
how it ended up so political. But I actually did read a really interesting article that said that the 1912 pandemic actually ended up being very political to and people would, yeah, people were doing the same thing then to and
it also touched on the fact that when seatbelts came out in cars, people would cut them out of their cars.
So
it
made me it made me understand that America has just always been full of assholes. It's not a new thing, they've always been here. Okay. I, I kind of get it now, so I just try to I just try to look at it from everyone, like anyone else's perspective and try to understand and if I can't, I just try to keep my mouth shut usually because sometimes you can't rationalize someone who's irrational. That's something I try, you know what I mean? You won't get no rationalization out of it was very irrational. So I try to keep that as my mantra, my mantra in my head.
I do too.
You
know
or
It's extremely frustrating to me because it's usually the whitest people in the room who are screaming about discrimination
who don't honestly have a serious life experience of discrimination they've ever had in their life. And I'm a white woman. I'm not saying that like I like I have that
experience. I don't have that experience.
I've never had to feel that who am I to even speak on what a real discrimination would feel like. You know my husband is black though my kids are mixed. So obviously I am a little biased because I you know, I
I hate to know that my kids will deal with that. And you know, I've seen my husband deal with that multiple times. So anyone who says it's
not real is blind, you know?
Hey.
Look
Or
United.
All
I
think
that's because trump made it seem more acceptable to say things like that, you
know? And because he says
things
like that.
Are
you
ready?
No? Yeah.
you're not wrong.
You're not wrong.
Over
It is.
I
know. It's very, I feel like this whole year we just at least me, I just kept feeling like, okay, it's gonna end soon. It's gonna end soon. And the month just kept like, I can't believe it's already almost the end of the year because I feel like I've spent so much of this year just waiting for another month to go by to see if everything would be different, you know what I mean? And it's just like no, that's not gonna happen, it's not gonna be
that quick and that's just it's great. It's just something I've never experienced. You know, it's just so different, it's a different climate all the way around, literally figuratively,
like it's just it's crazy,
Hello?
No.
and it's scary because those are gonna, that's what this is going to have long term effects, like what businesses are going to be able to weather this, especially with help drying up the way it has been and you know what I mean? Just like what is our neighborhoods even gonna look like when this is all over with whoever is left, whatever's businesses are left, you know what I mean? Whatever jobs are left just scary.
Mark
That's what
I was just gonna say what happens if that goes out of business now you know?
next
I'm sure
that's going to really hurt your job market out there like or job availability like if it's such a big no.
that
no.
Oh yeah that's that's true.
And so
very
good.
so you can say now isn't that crazy? It's like that's the only
thing
you can there's no answers
anymore. It's like well it's still all the balls are still in the air so.
model.
I feel you my husband he
works in the airplane manufacturing business which I don't know if you know but they've been hit really
hard
one point his company laid off everyone, but like 35 people and thank God he made it through, he never lost his job. He's definitely had reduced hours, but he's never lost his job and my husband's a hustler. So when he lost hours he just started doing Postmates and Instacart to
make,
you know, and then that I found prolific and stuff online so I could be home with the kids and still to make money. So you know, we're trying to do what we can just, you know, just paddle paddle, just keep it up as best you can.
that's
how I
keep, that's what I keep telling him and I keep saying like we're so blessed. Like just even hearing your story just makes me feel even more blessed. I have not had not had anyone, especially where I'm from. I say I'm from like the where I've lived the longest in my life and where my family is is in Virginia. So being so far from them, I fear every day the phone call that like my mom has it or my grandma has it and
I
might not be able to, you know what, it's just, I don't want to say it out loud, but you know, I'm so far and you wouldn't even be right for me to travel right now. So it's like, what do you even, what do I even do if something happens? You know? Yes, I'm so blessed to not even have had to deal with that hearing other like you where you, it's, you know, you're like, oh well I've I've had to do with it so much. I'm, you
know what I mean? You're like, I'm still scared to even talk about it and to hear you be able to be like I've had some people have it kind of gives me comfort in a way because it's like ok, you know people are okay with that because
I think because it hasn't happened to
me, the first call will be like, oh God, you know what I mean? Okay, it's just I guess you just don't know.
But I live, we live in area where we were so lucky, we like even when they shut everything down and when, because like the Boeing company is out here and everything like right where we live, so this is like airplane manufacturing central, so when everything shut down it was serious out here, but not case wise, it was like unemployment wise was like super scary for everyone out here and stuff like that and then our case is just recently like in the last
month have gone up like 150% a day. Like we went from like having like under 50 cases a day to 200 cases a day. So whereas that's like nothing when I almost text him, I was going to text my mom a picture of our like chart on that. You can look up every day on google
and be like, oh my gosh, look at this. But I was like before I do that, let me look up what hers is. And they regularly have 1300 new cases a day. So it's like where I thought I was should be worried people in other states are like where you are in Virginia are dealing with so much worse. So.
All
right. Well it was very nice to talk to you and I hope you enjoy your
evening out.
Yeah. And good luck to you and I hope your family stay safe and well,
goodbye.