Hello?
Hey, give me just a second. Let me switch my ear buds from my phone to my computer. Mhm.
Okay.
Here we go. All right. We're in business now.
All right. Hi, I'm Amanda.
Uh Not much. How many of these have you done?
All
This
is
my 4th and I've never had somebody not show up.
Yeah. Yeah. It's been good.
How have they been so far?
old
was
she?
interesting.
interesting. The people that I've done this with have not like been doing other things. That's interesting. Um The first one was like kind of boring but fine. Um
It was a guy about my age. Um Yeah, I think he did like graphic design or something. Um We talked about tv and pets, you know, small talk kind of stuff. Um
The second one was really interesting. Um She was a uh like an addiction counselor and I am a therapist and so we had a lot to talk about
their um And uh yeah we ended up talking for like way over the time. We talked for like an hour.
Yeah it's interesting. So I was like I she told me that the person one of the other person that she talked to, she talked for like 2.5 hours with that person and I was like I don't want to do that. Um Which like you know she wouldn't she was very clear that like I will not be offended if you want to only talk 25 minutes. Um
But yeah it was fine and then the third person was okay like we talked and it was fine but we had nothing in common. Um there was like a guy about like maybe 10 years older than me. Um And just like yeah he talked a lot about himself and uh it
was Kind of one sided. Um
so it's been, it's been interesting. I'm very curious what their uh what they're looking for, what they're studying.
I need to send it to a friend of mine because I told her about this and she was like, oh my God, I would love that.
Which
is funny because
like
I told my boyfriend about it and it was like that's my worst fucking nightmare ever. And I was like, yeah, I know he's
like super introverted, he's
super
introverted
and
hate
video chat.
He hates
video chat and he's introverted. So he was like, that's like my worst nightmare is like video chatting with a stranger,
but
you're
still doing it.
So
tell me about, tell me about why is it just the money? It's just the money.
All
I see. So you're using it as kind of like an exposure therapy?
That's interesting while getting paid. I like it
clever.
I
know.
this isn't something I would normally do either. But since I'm a therapist and I'm seeing clients like on long line now, I'm like, this is like what I do for my job all day, so like no big deal. Um
I'm
making
less, I'm making less money doing this, but it's
also
shorter. So
it's
not bad
and it's interesting. I find it interesting.
No, it's not. Um And I always say one thing I've learned from being a therapist is like anybody can be really interesting if you give them a close enough look, which sounds like really cliche,
but
it's so true because my, some of my favorite clients have been people, but I did not think I was going to get along with when we first started. Um,
I like it when people surprise me.
So, are you planning a video game?
looks like you
are.
No, you.
I see, I
see.
I see.
Okay. Okay.
I thought
you
were playing with
in your life.
Okay. I was curious about getting your playing, but
none.
it's fine. I'm not bothered. But um,
I am 31. How about you?
Mhm. It's
true. It's true.
Well, okay. I'm not
that old.
Don't love
me in
with
them.
So,
Oh, okay. Well, I'll take
it.
I mean,
whatever.
Yeah. What if I look young? I'm happy with that. Um, yeah. So I have felt extra old lately because I
just got on Tiktok
and all my friends are on Tiktok and I was like, well, shit, I have to get on Tiktok. Um and like watching Tiktok like I can do that. But I've tried making tech stocks recently and I'm like, oh no, I don't know how to do this. I'm old now.
I don't know if I like it either. It's like, I like it, but I kind of don't like,
I
was,
yeah, I think it also just like, makes my brain act weird. Like if I watch, if I watch tick toxic before I go to bed, I like don't sleep as well and like I'm just like, this is not, this is not good for us as humanity. Um Okay, so where do you spend your time on social media?
Alright.
I do read it some, I don't do it a lot. Um I mean I'm a fucking millennial, so I'm on facebook a lot, but I think I'm
on instagram more than facebook now.
I never, I like never got on board with twitter, like I have a twitter and occasionally I'll check it because that's how I keep up with my brother, but like other than that I do not like
Yeah I don't, I don't need twitter. Um
I've like tried it a couple of times, I'm like okay I'm gonna do twitter and then I try it and then I like don't have
interest
in it,
there's
yeah, I don't
I don't
don't
fuck with it. Read it, I find interesting, I don't I don't suppose much but I read some um read it I find is good for like if I want to know more about a thing, I can go to read it and find a lot of information. Like I find that people are really um they take their time answering a lot of times on reddit and we're like write a lot and it's like thoughtful
yeah.
Yeah. What are some of your favorite subreddit?
it's funny because I don't look at our all at all, like I don't think I've ever looked at Yeah,
I don't
know,
I should do that.
should
do
that. Yeah, I probably will because yeah, when I get bored with it and I'm like, okay, this is all the stuff I've already seen and then I close it,
but yeah, if
I look
at our all
huh.
Yeah. Yeah, it was interesting because when I first got on reddit, I like put a picture of me up like you do with other social media, and then my boyfriend was like, that's not,
don't
do that,
don't stop stop using emoji is don't do that. get
I mean some people
do,
but
some
people
say that like you're not supposed to use emojis on Reddit and I'm like why I don't
understand,
maybe that's why um
Yeah, he was like, don't put your picture, don't put your real name and your picture, don't don't do that. And I was like what social media, that's what you did. He's like not here, don't do that.
And he was older than me and you know, he knows all this shit and I'm like, I don't know. Which is funny because like I've always been the like really like tech savvy like in high school and college, I was always like ahead of the curve on social media and stuff and then, and then I got old.
Yeah. Yeah, turning 30 was uh was was real. Um
Yeah, there's so many.
Um Okay, so you're 19, are you in college?
We're at
California.
Cool. What are you studying?
I'm
not gonna
do
that thing and ask you what the plan is. I'm not gonna do it.
hmm.
Uh, so my bachelor's degrees in social work and then I
actually worked at a software company for seven years not doing social work. Um, and then I went back for my masters in social work, um, to become a therapist. Um, yeah, but I switched majors like a bunch of times.
Yeah, I started as a theater major and then
communication because I didn't know what I wanted to do and that
seems
generic.
yep. And then I did uh, oh, then I was a religion major for a second.
yeah, I did that for a second. Um,
and
then
so you, you study just kind of like a bunch of different religions? Um I was going to like go to seminary school after that and then I became an atheist instead. Uh
Yeah, so um and then I became and when I did social work um so quite the, quite the journey,
but
never
never in the maths or hard sciences for me
either.
Okay, my cats are like having a knockout
drag out battle right now, don't chill. Me too
quit. Um You have cats,
I'm sorry? Oh.
Yeah, that makes sense.
mind the, like the brown
like that, like, like these guys, oh, you can't
see the other one,
She's
over there.
Which
one?
The
Yeah, that's lindy. Another
one is
to
What was its name?
The it's
like the sweetest name,
I'm
so
sorry.
I know mine, I got when they were a day old and had to bottle feed them and hand raised them.
Oh wow. And mine are 10 now and I'm like, you're getting old, I don't want you to get old.
They're my babies even though their opinion eras.
Yeah, I have never, I mean I like dogs but I don't ever want one.
Cats are also like people say that they're not affectionate, but they really are.
Sometimes some cats are.
Yes. Oh yeah, for sure.
The little gray one, the lighter one is like a total bitch. Um He's like notorious among my friends for being terrifying. Uh
But I think that's what I love about cats is that when they do, when they are nice to you, when they do choose you, you're like, because
it's like
you
don't take it for granted. Yeah. With dogs, it's like, yeah, of course you're excited to see me your dog.
Part of life, unfortunately.
There was something that was going to ask you and I can't remember what it
was. Stop.
Cool. I'm okay with that. Okay.
Uh Let's see um what is the most recent tv show that you watched a lot of and like
you don't really watch tv. Okay,
Okay. I don't watch a ton of it either. Uh Some but not a lot. Um
No, no, I'm not that old. Um
No, I don't, I probably should, I guess. I don't know, but things
Yeah, I don't want that. I kind of know how I feel about things. Um
Okay. Uh So not tv
uh what was your favorite birthday party you had as a child?
You didn't have birthday parties as a child?
that's a bummer, I'm sorry, you should have birthday parties now, you should have a kick ass birthday parties
now,
well not now now, but like now that you're an adult uh
What
do you like to do?
Oh, you told me you're an introvert, Why did I even ask
that?
Of course,
Yeah. Okay, so like having a, having a big birthday parties? Probably not even that interesting to you anyway.
Yeah.
Do
you live, are you from California, or did you go far away for school?
that's
all,
that's a bummer.
What?
Yeah. Yeah, it's kind of like that, so I live in a college town um and it's kind of like that here were like, I'll make friends with people who are here for either masters or PhD programs, or they're here to teach for a few years, but then they'll, you know, they'll either graduate or they'll get a teaching job elsewhere and so they'll leave, it's a very transient kind of place. Um So I'll have friends for like three or four years and then they'll leave um which sucks, but I'm like I'm still here, it's like the opposite problem, I'm still here, but they move uh
so that kind of sucks but I'm terrible at keeping long distance friendships.
even
though it
should be easy, but it's not.
I don't know. I mean people do it, like people have successful long distance relationships. I don't
know
how people do it.
I
don't
and I have never
done
it, I've never done it, I wouldn't I wouldn't ever want to do it.
Yeah. Yeah, I mean it depends on like how often we could visit, but even then I don't know,
it
would
be hard.
No, no.
But
I think it's fine that people try it because then they know that it didn't work versus like maybe we could have made it work, you know,
then at least they know like um So yeah, but yeah, whenever somebody says they're going to be doing this and I'm like sure you are, you go for it.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Okay, so no tv
uh books no. Okay, what
kind of books do you like?
Like why their stuff?
So
you know the ones that I like harry potter but I know that that's my generation
speaking.
God, it's
like
I know, I know,
I know I I need to read I would like to read some more contemporary young adult stuff. I should. Um Now while I read is like therapy books, which is not
fine.
No,
not textbooks as much as like this person who knows a lot, wrote a book about what they know and like it's helpful to me as a therapist, but like it's not fun reading. Um So
I should read more
for fun. I also mostly do audio books. Uh
I can't sit still so I can't read
I cannot sit still long enough
to read a book. Um
but if I'm like doing dishes or doing laundry or whatever, I can like put on audiobook, like a podcast, you know, and do that and multitask and that's better for me. Um But yeah,
I did
I
used
to, I used to do um so in my tech job, one of the things I used to do was like, um I'm trying to think of a short way to explain it, it was not verbal at all, it was like a graphic type thing. Um and I could totally listen to podcasts and audiobooks and stuff while I did that, but if I tried to like answer emails while listening to a podcast, no way I can do to verbal things at once.
Yeah, I can't do that,
but I can do
like a graphic thing and and listen to something at once,
it was great. I was honestly like that was a really good job because I could just like I listened to so many books in the like year or two that I did that and you know, I got my work done, it was great. Um and then I was a dumb ass and moved up in the company and didn't do
that anymore
and then it and then it was more complicated, but I did get to travel for work when I did that, so that was comfortable.
Where do you like to go?
Yeah.
I
know my friends like have like rented beach houses and like they're not like going out, but they're like just their family, like goes to the beach and I'm like, that sounds really nice, but it's so expensive,
So
expensive.
Yeah, because I live in Georgia, so we're like, you know, you can drive to lots of beaches. Um
but it's too expensive.
Yeah, I haven't really gone anywhere either.
I
well, it's been a it's been a wild ride, man. I got divorced um during Covid. It was already planned before that. Yeah, it was not, it's not
like
that.
No, no, no. And uh so I moved um and started my new job as a therapist. I only finished grad school in May. So like I graduated during Covid
too.
So I graduated grad school in May, um, moved into my own place for the first time in my life and june and then was officially divorced in september. And I think I started my, yeah, I started being a therapist. I started my job in june as well.
So I've been doing a lot of things, a lot of big life changes. Um,
probably
great.
I
love, I love my job. So I'm actually a sex therapist. Um, so I do, I have a lot of really interesting
different.
Um, yes, I work with couples and relationship issues, but I also have clients who are questioning their sexual orientation or they like, don't have a sex drive anymore. And they're like, why don't I have a sex drive? Or they like, had some sexual trauma, but have kind of like, worked through that part, but they're like, I don't know how to be sexual now that that happened. So I worked with them through that, or just like shame stuff because of like, sex negative culture and religion and stuff like that. So yeah, kind of a wide variety of stuff, which is really cool.
Um It can be hard, it can be hard because um it's it's hard for people to talk about sometimes, you know? Um So it sometimes takes people a while to like really tell me what is going on, although I think usually by the time they reach out to a sex therapist, they're pretty ready. But um
for sure, but I think that people do well, I think people feel comfortable with me. Um It's also tough couples are hard. A lot of therapists do not like seeing couples because it's so slow because
I think what happened.
Yes, I think what happens is they both like kind of wait for the other one to like try and make changes first, but if they both are waiting, then no one's doing anything. Um
because I think they don't want to try if the other person is not going to try.
Yeah. And so it's like okay. And also people tend to seek out therapy way later than they should
as
couples.
It's like, oh, you should have been here three years ago, but
now
you have all
this
Presentment.
Yeah. And I have all this resentment built up and it's all like piled up and there's so much more.
A lot of couples. It is. Um But I haven't had any couples that have, so I was a therapist like while I was in grad school as well, but not at the same place. Um So I haven't had any couples that have broken up so far, so
so far, so
good.
Although sometimes I'm like, okay, you kind of should, but
no, I can't say that, but
sometimes I wish I could and
I as I flung it, I've always been like, I wish you could just tell me, you know, but I know that they can't. Um But yeah, I wish that somebody would have told me I was my therapist years ago would have told me like, hey, you should get a divorce. I've been really nice if they could tell me that, but
it doesn't
work
that way. Oh man, we are, we are good on our time. It's 10,
I
guess that's
true.
Uh huh. Yeah, I'm in Georgia, so
it's
it's
time for 29 year, so we're good, but it was
nice to meet you.
Good luck, bye.