Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Oh hi
how
are you? How are you? It's
the
light.
I'm Olivia Olivia,
Nice to meet you too. So um what do you what do you do?
Okay.
I worked in marketing
I work for a. K. Yeah thanks.
thanks. What
what your yet
of the, oh no I can't pronounce anything. Um
No I can't either I can't
even build this stuff. Um Okay
so you're,
no so you're a second year. Okay.
that's
you mind telling where you go.
cool. I worked for a marketing agency before I. K. And we did a lot of work for you G. A. For their continuing education programs.
We support
a lot of their online stuff. Yeah so I yeah it's funny you g because I was yeah they were a big clearer remain client actually.
it seems like a really
school.
that's funny. Yeah. That's interesting. Yes so I've written a lot of ads for for U. G. A. For their
you know. Riveting things like their accounting program for accounts payable or whatever but. Oh yeah
interesting. Yeah. So
how
yeah. So what so psychology second or so how's it? So are you fully online or you like remote or?
Doing
math in general sucks. I think
I hate
math.
I
hate math.
Yeah that's the worst once they once they threw letters in there I was like we're done.
my
gosh.
So.
wow that's impressive. So are you guys like are you guys like in your dorms like are you like confined to your dorms or can you is stuff open or like you're allowed to just.
I can imagine
that
to
be honest.
Oh you have the room to yourself? That's a dream.
my gosh.
that
is yeah
that's
wow. Are people throwing parties? Mm.
Anyway
so did you move I left by the barking agency before school started? I left in the summer.
So
are you got did you guys
start?
Yeah. Yeah I left this summer. Yeah.
So um were you cause and Georgia was um we were you j was like pulling back on some of their at their we were like their summer camp, are you familiar with the like the spark summer academy or like their summer will they have like
this?
They
they have like some some summer programs for kids and they are usually on campus but they were moving them online and that's like the last thing I was doing for them. But anyway, did you guys start online or did you, were you firstly
like on campus and they changed it or?
At
like
No.
Yeah, I know a lot of the team we would go down there like I wouldn't go down but the rest of the team would go down like super frequently
but we have pictures and it's a gorgeous campus. I was really jealous
of people
that got to go. It's really old too, isn't it said I mean like the 1800s I think is or may be even
older than that. It's like a really long time. I remember using
that in like
some
ad. Yeah.
that's interesting. Yeah,
so for a k so I started in august um I'm pretty new. Um it's so I'm on the, on the marketing team, it's more of an e commerce role. So my roles is called an online content specialist. So I do just web stuff specifically on the website. So like right now today actually um we're setting up like a project I'm running is it's called four weeks of Wonder. And that's going to be our christmas marketing campaign. So when you go on the website in a couple weeks, you'll see like all of the, like the things we're doing for christmas, like we're doing giveaways and things like that. So pretty much anything you see on the website that has to do with like holidays is my job. Yeah,
so you'll see that. And like, you know, I update stuff for covid, like if the store is closing or like, you know, there's a fire happening in California, you have to close these doors and I have to, you know, make sure the website reflects that and just copy updates and things like that. So it's, yeah, it's, it's um, it's pretty good going all right. Um, it's, it's a huge company and um, I started on like working from home. So I saw my boss one time. Half the people I work with I've never seen um, probably will never see because they, they're, our headquarters are in conshohocken pennsylvania, which is, I'm in pennsylvania, which is just just outside of philadelphia. And they are actually redoing the corporate offices and like nobody's going to have a desk or cubicle and it's just gonna be like a conference area if you want to meet with your team. But I think we're pretty much is going to be work from home like indefinitely at this point. Yeah. So it's
it's
there
are a lot of restaurants. So I lived in philadelphia when I worked at the market agency because I lived in downtown philadelphia so I worked and um and then when things started, you know falling apart in terms
of the world um I was like I should probably go back home. So I live in york county pennsylvania, which is just just at the bottom of the state, we're really close to Maryland. Um So I live with my parents in my childhood bedroom right now. Um And so that's been my office. Um So it's it's nice, I mean it's nice to like have a meeting at nine a.m. And roll out of bed at like 8 55. That's great. As I'm sure you know for class um
It's interesting to start a job. I think it does at a level of difficulty but it hasn't been too bad. I think it'll just
become normal for everyone eventually. I mean I don't know I'm interested to see what happens
but
No.
Yeah. So what are you
so your second year so you have two years left. What are you like what got you in the psychology like what's your plan? Like a math minor like what's
going
on
there?
Mhm.
Probably.
Oh yeah there's always,
yeah that's like endless. I mean
it's you can yeah.
that's a shame though. That seems like a really interesting
Field. Yeah there was a documentary I don't think I watched it. It had something to do with, they would they went to like a nursing home with like really old people and they played like music from their era and like these people who had dementia, like who couldn't remember like their names, their kids, but like they were remembering like old songs from the 50s and it's like something about like the brain, like that's the last, I don't know what part of the brain,
but like that's the
last part
of the brain to die that like understands music.
And I'm
like
that's
really cool. Yeah, I'm like that's really
close to watch a documentary.
because
they walk on the that's that's wild.
I know.
And imagine.
Yeah. That's that's really cool. I played the cello growing up and I quit
in high school. That's
like my
biggest regret is like quitting because I think it actually overlapped like a math class and I'm already like, at a 2% in math on a good day.
So I had I had to quit because I was just missing too much class. But yeah, no, I I regret giving up the cello. I should have stuck with it. So good for you for playing all those instruments.
same.
I
started,
my cello is bigger than I was, I'm like 5ft tall,
you
know?
And it was
yeah. And my my my parents were like, why did you have to pick the child? My mom played the flute in high school, and she's like, what about the flu? And I'm like, no, thank you, I'm going to go with the instrument
larger than myself.
Oh no, it didn't it didn't fit on the bus, I would take it on the bus and like it was, yeah,
but I I loved it. Yeah.
Oh, it's gorgeous. It is gorgeous, it is so gorgeous. But yeah, So are you from
Georgia
or how do you make
it
to
joe?
I bet. Yeah. Is it the Gwinnett campuses that
Athens? Right, okay.
Very
familiar with the Gwinnett.
Okay, because that's like where they're they're continuing like their grad school, so all right, I think it's grad school, but like their professional development courses, like if you're an accountant and you have to take your certification, that's the stuff I did. So
like, I just remember having to type out Gwinnett campus like 1000 times, remember where the courses was? I don't know if that means anything to you.
Okay. That's right. Thanks. Yeah.
So. Okay. So like um so
what do your parents
do?
no way. That's so cool. That's
cool. What kind of law
do they practice?
But
civil.
That's
the
guy.
no.
That's
so
Yeah.
That's really interesting.
did they? Really?
That's okay,
So was it like I guess to get deep what like like my parents are like blue collar jobs, Like my mom's in dental, she's a sister oral surgeon. Um And my dad's a trucker. So they're both like regular working class and was like regular jobs. Um Neither them have college degrees. So like is it what's it like growing up with like high achieving academic parents like that? Like? Is was it do you feel about pressure or was it like what
was
that
like? I mean I have to answer if it's too uncomfortable, but like I was just
interested
to know.
Okay. You say you're going to college. Got it.
That's crazy. Did you? That's funny because like my my only um it growing up, I remember we watched a lot of law and order and one of my favorite, my parents heard stories is like when I got the second grade, we were going through the alphabet and we all had to come up with a word for a certain letter and my letter was P and I said prostitution and the teacher was like called my mom and was like, hey, you know? And my mom was like, my mom was like, oh my God, we watched so much law and order. That's wish. I know. That's where she got it. Like she has no clue what that means. Yeah.
She was. Yeah,
she I was she was an old woman too. She was like, oh
my God. Yeah, it was it was scandalous and I'm just like, wow, God
bless
teachers,
like maybe they do deserve more money.
Thinking back to myself as a kid. Yeah. Oh
my gosh. But that's yeah, that's that's really cool. Are you an only child or do you have siblings?
Mhm.
I don't I'm an only child, so it's just me. It's just little old me. Um So yeah, that was I'm adopted too. So um yeah, so it's um yeah, it was an all right childhood. I mean, it just, you know, you have no one to blame for when things, you know, they're wrong. It's like who broke this lamp And I'm like, it was the cat. You know, you don't,
you can't
blame it on
like yeah, it's like his name. Yeah. So, but I I love being an only child. I think I talked only Children who are like, I hated it and I'm like, you're on drugs because this was great. I mean, yeah, I yeah, I mean I can't speak to having a sibling, but you
guys get
along.
Do you get along with your sister?
Okay.
Well, yeah, that's
That's
major
coming in. Yeah.
interesting. Does she want to go into law or is she, what's she looking at?
Yeah. It is interesting.
that sounds like a like a public sector government job
would be a good
like.
something
like
that.
Okay. Is that because of you or?
See you.
Yeah, that's pretty cool.
Yeah
I started I went to um it was this tiny little Nazarian college out in Ohio my first year and it was a private school. Um and then I transferred to West Chester University which is right outside philadelphia in the suburbs in pennsylvania and actually the private school was cheaper. Um Yeah,
even though
I'm
in ST no, well actually what took me out was housing in Westchester because housing literally costs more than my degree did.
It was insane because I was a transfer, they like lock you like you're only allowed to live and of course like the most expensive dorm. And it's like and I didn't know anybody off campus and I was like can I was like I guess I'll just live on campus. But yeah I looked at the numbers and like housing literally cost more than my degree and
I was
like that's some bullshit but okay
and it really is like there's no other way, it was just a mess. But yeah but I mean
I don't regret
transferring.
are
you
Yeah. I can. Yeah I can be all that. Oh gosh wow
that's all that's really cool that you're doing all the in in the middle of a pandemic. Like it's not we're talking
to a lot of people um That.
It's weird. We were because my marketing agency um it was called the City. We we primarily did higher ed marketing. So like you d. A pen like U penn like we work with a lot of schools and we had a magazine in this story that I wrote was I interviewed a bunch of college kids. And the thing that we heard the most back in the spring was that like if it's going to be remote, like I'm just going to do a gap here, like that's what people were saying And they were like I'm not going to do I'm not going to live on campus to be stuck in my dorm room and not be able to go anywhere and you know have online classes and people were really mad about like the prospect of online classes and paying 11 dorm. And yeah. Do you feel like it's like, like I know you said math sucks online, but what is it like to be fully online like is it awful or
do you feel
like the quality is the same?
That's
crazy.
Would you?
because
like
it.
Yeah, because the true gap year is like you do something like you, it's like sometimes it's sponsored, you know like you go somewhere else and you work, it's like but like this,
I mean kids are just
like
I
guess hanging out. Yeah, there's nothing to do, wow. Yeah.
Are they doing like wild stuff with tests? Like for cheating? Like you have to have your camera on and
I've
heard some people
like
it's
getting ridiculous. Okay,
That's like
I would. Yeah. Yeah.
I had I had one online class. Um No that's actually a lot. It was an in person class. It was like 101 It was like 101 And but all of the stuff was like online like all the tests were online like she had in person where she lectured but then like the homework was online, every test was online and I was like I don't think I need to go to this class.
And so I went three times the first week monday Wednesday friday never returned. Got an A like it was all mine. And it was so funny because like she would she would throw in like a like a quiz to see if you were actually in class. And it would be like she would give a secret word during during the class and if you were in class like you knew the word Well one time it was during the Super Bowl in 2018 when the Eagles won and you know she she gave us your word and the options were like did I say like dog or cat or eagle? And I was like obviously you said eagle like like like what was this
supposed like what a waste of both of our time. But
yeah I just I never went to class and I got an A. And that's like
I think
I
like
Yeah I'm sure there was um I just I think it was just like for bonus supposed I don't think, I mean there were like 100 it was like one of those like 100 and some people lecture so she's not going to take you know attendance. It was just you were supposed to go Yeah that's
like one of my shining, it shouldn't be, I should be really disappointed in myself but
I'm proud of it. Like I'm
proud.
It is
like.
Exactly. So there was an opportunity cost, you know, like I probably scheduled a work shift or something. So.
I
know college
is wild because yeah, it's like you never
think
like,
oh yeah, like you skip class to study for another class, like in what world does that make sense?
College? Oh
my
gosh.
That's funny. Yeah. Do you guys, so you have a big football, like bulldogs? Right, Okay. Is that like, because
west doesn't have, Is that crazy?
Stop.
gosh.
That's crazy.
then you
have the
people
that are
there
for
a football team.
that's
good. Yeah.
You know, adds a nice vibe
when you in.
Yeah. Yeah, the closest thing we have is Penn State. Um That's yeah,
but
no,
I don't want
to know,
I don't watch
the ball. No, I
have no idea. I was a football cheerleader for like, my entire childhood and I still can't sell you like four and 7, 12
down
and I'm like, what does that mean? I'm like, I'm not
here to do math, like.
same. Yeah, I still know how it works. Um But yeah, no, I've never cared, but that's like pence. I mean, I just growing up like everybody loved Penn State um and they still
do, maybe they shouldn't at this point, considering the things that have happened to Penn State football, but Oh, well,
But yeah, that's yeah, I know football, super big down there, so, yep. Oh my gosh. Yeah, wow, that's that's super
cool. This stuff you're doing, I think.
well
we have at the time, so yeah, it was great to talk to you. I hope they get their research out of this, whatever it is. I
don't know what this is. I really don't, I'm on some like forums on Reddit and people talk about this and like nobody really knows where, like where did you find out about prolific just wondering?
Do
amazon mechanical turk you apply?
I don't know. I got like, some people apply and like never get accepted. Some people, it's like
months. I got accepted like two days later. I can't tell you. Like if it's
like you just have to put any information. Yeah. Um and that's, that's where I started and that's um that was like a few 100 bucks a month when I was like really focused on. Yeah yeah I would go home.
It
would be like
it
would be nice. Yeah it's like it's just like this it's like endless rows of tasks. I mean some of it's like like a I tap some of its surveys um there's all kinds of stuff on there and like it's the learning process is slow and you feel like you're not but like once you figure it out it's pretty good. So Yeah fingers
crossed
for that one. Yeah so look into
that. It's called mturk. Yeah mturk or amazon mechanical turk so check it out
That one. And um if you right I work for um crowd content. Um That's
another it's like a content mill crowd
content.
So
you
can edit you can write I write like snippets for like businesses. I actually, right
we're on a big, it's called, it's like a lawyer project where we write about like I've written like hundreds of like D. U. I. Lawyers, it's like a 70 word like they give you the law firm and you literally right like Selling. So law firm is located in Chicago Illinois. They handle these cases and these are the main people and this is and it's like 70 words
and
it's like it's only a couple of bucks and like it's only a couple bucks but like if it's you know might take you like 10 minutes and now you're up to like you know
almost
minimum wage.
Sit
in your
room.
and then you do. Oh yeah yeah it's all about just yeah it really teaches you like help with money adds up so yeah crowd content and amazon mechanical turk check those out.
No promises
but
no
that's
fine.
No, it's OK. I should stop doing these and focus on my real job. But okay. There are 1000 other people at a Kia to do stuff. All right.
Well,
it
was
fun
talking to you, too.
Haley. All right. We'll have a have a good life. Um
I hope you're
full blown professor one day
or
whatever you wanna do. Yeah. All right. I'll see you. Yeah.
Bye.