Hi
how are you?
I'm doing
well
thanks. Hi I'm Hailey by the way.
Nice to meet you.
yeah like I mean I'm a student um
So I'm studying I'm studying psychology. Um How about you? What do you do?
Come on.
That's really cool. Yeah
can you pronounce
any of those fans? I'm a sophomore
I can't I don't
distinguish.
nobody
can.
Um Yeah it's a it's a weird year because it's mostly online
but
no I go to U. G. A. Georgia. University of Georgia.
That's
so cool.
That's awesome. Well what a coincidence. Um
That's sort of
yeah I love it here. Um That's so funny that I did one of these chats the other day, it was my first one and the woman I was speaking with was from Tennessee and it was the day of the Georgia Tennessee game. So like what's up with these coincidences?
Well.
yeah
I'll think
of you when I see ads.
Mostly online I'm here, I'm in my dorm right now. Um But only one of my classes in person and even that one is only once a week. Um So I'm mostly an online student, I just have an optional in person class Tuesday mornings which I go to because it's math and doing math online sex. So
I go
that's
true.
I
was
working on math right before we started. Yeah there's like three numbers on here, it's mostly letters.
Yeah they threw numbers and three letters and first and they got rid of all the numbers and
that
was when it got bad. Yeah,
I'm considering adding a math minor. So like this class is my dip my foot in the water figured out kind of thing.
And George is not doing a lot of precautions. Um
We can
we can
have
our own opinions on that, but I don't like it. Um But yeah, no I mean I can go wherever I want whenever I want. Um We are required to wear masks inside, which is decently enforced. Um So that's good. Um And they try to enforce like six ft apart in the dining halls but no, we're definitely not confined to the dorms. Um We're not supposed to have guests, so like only myself and my roommate are allowed in the room. Um Although my roommate moved back to Alpharetta for the semester, so it's just me.
Yeah and it's a huge room. It really
is nice. I love her so much, she's great. We live together last year. But having the place
myself
you know?
I love the privacy. Yeah.
the people below me, I can hear them every weekend night. Um and they're not allowed to and they do and I mean I could report it. Maybe I should, but I just don't wanna be that person even though they're doing something really dangerous. Um
So I haven't yet, but yeah.
Rather
than
this
past summer.
Mhm.
I'm
familiar
with some of them, but not spark.
Thank you.
We started hybrid, Which is what we technically still are. Um but as the sort of been the last week or so before classes started as when classes started finalizing their format, you know, whether they were hybrids, fully online
or fully in person who of my classes were converted to fully online, like, you know, uh completely. And then two of my classes are hybrid. So I'm allowed to go once a week to each of them. Like I said, I go to my math class and my german class is in a really old building with really small rooms and really bad ventilation. So I don't
go to that one. Right. Sounds great. It's a nice, I mean, I don't want to say it's a nice building. It's an old building, but you know, it's a north campus, which is really pretty. I don't know if you like if you did your marketing
stuff online and we're here.
Sorry.
I love
it.
Probably
honestly,
I feel like as a marketing
person,
Exactly. You know, more than I would, I really know it is old. I couldn't tell you how old. Yeah.
So what do you do like for IKEA?
Fuck
How
do you feel about that? I feel like there's pros and
cons
Whatever.
yes.
True.
me
too. I mean if the world is definitely not going to go back to completely normal and
that's okay it's gonna be interesting. Um
There
The
math
miners
random. I just liked math in high school and I'm pretty good at it. Um And my dad was like you should do something to show future employers that you took like real classes and not just like classes which he's not he's fine with my psych major. Like he's not trying to change my major but he's like realistically speaking it doesn't show like that much academic strength. Um
So he's right and I'll probably add the minor. Um But I just I love psychology because I'm really interested in like why people do what they do and like make that they make, I just, it's just so I don't know, weird to me, it's just cool, it's interesting and I don't want to be a therapist, I think I'd be really bad at it and I think I would burn out really quickly. Um
So I kind of am defaulting to like the research route and maybe being a professor some day, which I mean that's like at least 20 years down the line because it takes a long time to become a professor, but that's like the vague career goal maybe. So the immediate plan is grad school, you know, when I graduated, because I can't do anything unless I go to grad school. Uh So I'll eventually I'll hopefully get a PhD um because I need that, so hopefully I get it. And just I guess through the rest of my life I'll just research why people do what they do. Which I mean I think I know you, no one's ever gonna get to the bottom of that. So there'll be plenty of research to do.
And
I
I came into college really interested in music therapy because I'm a musician. Like I play like I really like I played mostly like guitar, piano and flute which were like when I played in high school. Um And so it was like music therapy, like a way to combine my interest in psychology and my interest in music. Um I discovered there's not a lot of stuff to do in that field, but if that's what I could research that would be awesome. Um But that's likely to be at least a while from now because I have to do you know whatever research my professors are doing is the research I get involved in and no one's really researching that. Um Right.
Interest me.
Record.
It's
like
that's
what
I've heard
too
and
I really like the part like the parts of it I have to do with memory and I also really like the part of some of its like actually purely physical like I mean they've been able to like people who had I think it's the stroke with a talk. So people who have Parkinson's like have trouble walking. But if you play music with like a really strong beat their gate evens out and they're actually able to
walk
So like it shows that like walking on beaches I guess instinctive enough to overcome and a like a literal inability to walk like music, who would have thought like oh,
if your doctor prescribes you okay, play some music. I feel like, okay, I need a new doctor. Apparently it works.
So
I love
jell
o
Burke.
Thanks. I love it. I haven't played in months. I'm really shy about it and there's nowhere to play privately because the music school has private practice rooms. But because of covid, you have to reserve them and you can only reserve them if you're a music major and I'm not. So I have to play in my room, which is technically in the rules of my roommate element is sweet. So my room is in mind, but there are other people in my suite mates said it's fine, They don't care, but I still want them to hear me, even if it doesn't bother them, I don't want them to hear it. So I haven't played in a while, but hopefully I don't give it up because I know I would regret it. It's been a huge part of my life since like fourth grade. I
mean
I
just
Right, so that's
one of
my favorite
things. It's so funny to watch little kids with chill.
The
one that doesn't fit in the car.
Oh,
that's my favorite string instrument. I think pillows are gorgeous.
Good
work.
I
grew
up
in Atlanta. Uh huh. So only about an hour or so away from here. I wanted to go further, but Georgia has great in state scholarship, so
it's in Athens
and
enough,
I know that's not too far from where I grew up, but I've never been to the Gwinnett campus.
guys.
I mean I've heard of it. I know we have campuses all over the main campuses in Athens and that's where I am.
Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
Yes,
their
lawyers. Uh
it is cool. Um and
I find
so my dad does like intellectual property law, so like copyrights and patents and stuff. Um So he's actually been to court a couple of times, not like criminal court. I'm sorry,
you
can hear the airplane
but
like
civil, my mom, she writes contracts for an insurance company so like a little less glamorous
but
still
love. Yeah.
Um
Yeah, they both cautioned me away from law school though
they
don't go to law school. Mhm.
that's
an
interesting
No,
it's not uncomfortable,
I'd have to think about it. You know, I would say there was pressure but not like a ridiculous amount. Um I've also, I've always been a pretty good student, so I've always gotten all A's. So while I did feel pressure to always, I guess when my parents was what it was like if it be is your best, then a B is fine with us. But if you're getting a B because you're slacking, that would be is not fine with us, which I feel like it's the right kind of pressure. Um and my best was usually, and I mean I got beat on tests and stuff and they were not happy with those, but they were like, okay, you study like it is what it is. Um I mean not going to college was never really an option, although it wasn't like I wanted to, but if I didn't want to, I probably would have had to. I don't know it didn't come up, but I don't think it was an option. Um,
dinner conversations were off often would turn into debates and I don't mean arguments. I mean like actual debates, like I'd like express an opinion and my dad would be like defendant and I'd be like, wait, I'm seven. I don't know how.
uh huh Yeah. I'm just picturing being the teacher, what
were you like? 7? I mean,
scandalized.
that is
so
funny.
They really, honestly, I think they did, they deal with so much.
exactly.
I have a younger sister, she's a senior in high school, so she's actually, she's literally right now looking at colleges, she's in florida right now with my parents. Um, they're looking at florida. Um, or maybe they're on the way back by now. I don't know. But yeah, so we had, I guess we definitely had similar childhoods, either one of us expressing an opinion at dinner table was, you know, defend it. Um I'm definitely, I'm not allowed to have opinions without knowing why, which I think is a good thing, like I respect that and I appreciate that I know how to defend my own opinions, especially now that I'm, you know, like growing up ish, I mean only 19, but I'm growing up ish, and I'm out of the house and I I'm interacting with people with different political views and stuff and I'm pretty good at defending mine. Um so I mean I can get stumped as anyone does, but like I have experience, you know, debating um never was on the debate team or anything, but I think I'm, I feel like I definitely owe it to my parents that I'm able to structure an argument which I appreciate. Um
Yeah. Yeah. Do you have siblings?
My
imaginary
friend.
well
of course,
and I can't speak to being an only child um
um it's off and on for sure. Um
I'm the more affectionate, I tell her I love her, she said it back like twice. Um But I tell everyone I love like I'm very good at just saying I love you, like my friends to my parents, to my sister and she doesn't as much, which is fine, that's just how she expects his love. Um And I know she loves me even though she didn't say it um and I can tell just because like when I go home for the weekend or something, she's happy to see me, even though she would never admit it. So we just I guess we're good at reading each other and if we want to antagonize each other we're great at it. I know all of her buttons and how to push them but
I can also
tell if I'm pushing
too far.
Well she can do it back and she's not a psychic. Um
She's interested in international affairs which I didn't know until like two weeks ago but that's interesting. Um
I don't really know what people study in international affairs. I mean I assume like I don't know international politics and stuff. Yeah.
Like
I picture
like working at the U. N. With that degree or something. I don't know what
she wants
to do
with it. Um I know she's dead set on not coming to school here. Yeah.
partially definitely, partially. Which I don't blame her for. I mean if I hadn't always sibling, I would not want to go to school with them even though I don't think she quite understands that a lot of people here and she will never see me,
but I didn't want to go because I don't want to stay in state. Um I just couldn't pass up the money. I mean I'm going to go to grad school. I want to save my money for that. So but she's looking at like other southeastern schools like florida and south Carolina so that she can because they are also they offer sometimes like if you have high enough grades and she's pretty good student um They all offer like in state tuition. Um So I think she's hoping for that,
Yeah,
we'll see.
After
like
scholarships?
That's insane.
That's
ridiculous.
That really is bullshit.
housing
is definitely
too expensive for what I'm getting, I'm paying more to live with a roommate then I'm gonna I'm moving off campus next year and I'm gonna
pay
less to have my own room. Um The convenience of on campus is nice and you know I don't have to drive to campus um or wait an hour for a bus but I don't think it's worth the price and I don't like it and I don't want to stay. Um
Okay.
it's
no no I was gonna say it's weird carry on.
It's
mostly
Um The quality is very varied. Um Like one of my classes, the professor has taught that class online before like over the summer so it's a fully flushed out like completely normal class that's usually offered. Um And we have the bonus of also zooming with the professor but usually it's just taught like read the textbook, answer the questions, take the test so it's actually kind of better this way. Um And she's awesome. Um Another one of my classes yeah usually is taught in person and the instructor just said well do it at your own time. If we don't have zoom lectures we just we just read the textbook and do the homework. Um
So I
would say the first one quality went up the second one quality went down. My other classes are probably about average but if I had been a freshman I probably would have taken a gap year.
I don't know what I would have done. So I might have not because
I don't
know
if the options would have been so.
What
do
you
do?
Um.
I
don't,
some
of them
are
one of my suite mates. Her tests are prompted such that like if she looks away from the screen it can track her eye movement and also attracts noise. So like we have to be careful closing the doors quietly while she's taking a test because she might get flagged for cheating. Like and then
my tests are and are not Proctor or just prompted on zoom and the professor is there and you can watch us if you want. Um But two of my tests aren't Procter and one of them is prompted on zoom in one class. Doesn't have tests. Um Which is really nice. That's a factor of it being online and that's
Um.
No.
That's
Didn't.
Did
you
have
like a class group chat? Because I feel like if that happened now like someone would just text the group me and be like, oh, it was eagle.
Didn't matter.
No,
it's
your teachers fall
if
she made class worth going to, you'd go,
Like if you could be making a little money during that time, are getting homework done so you can sleep that night.
I mean
you're
Everything
is
a trade off.
Wild.
I
always
knew when there was a freshman can exam because all of my classes that day would be less attendance because everyone would skip because like freshmen came as a huge class. Like everyone was in it. I was not and I'm glad I was not. But um they had really hard tests and everyone just get that day I study for a test.
correct
is crazy. I don't like football so I am very negatively biased towards it. Um And I hate how big it is because it kind of takes over everything on game day. I mean they like they closed the library, they close everything um because there's just so many people on campus. Um And this year of course I dislike it more because I don't think they should be doing football with Spectators at all. Um That's my personal opinion and the people in charge disagree with me. So there is football. Um But I live in the dorm closest to the stadium so the parking deck is where everyone parks and so like the quad is where everyone tailgates which tailgating is banned this year which is good.
It's a step. I again I don't think people should be coming at all but if they are at least not gathering on the quad they're gathering in the stadium. Um But like football takes over when there's football and
like we have to move our car like I have a car on campus and I parked in that deck and I paid a park in that kind of a lot and I can move it when there's a football game to park somewhere else. Um Which is not a big deal but it's kind of annoying since I paid for the deck. Um And they closed the library, they closed the music school and they close and they closed half of the dining halls and close everything. Um
And it's just like I'm here for an education not for a football team and
it's
pretty
clear
which
one
they
there are people who are here for the team and the university has a clear priority and it's the football game but we are good. so that's good. I like when
we win
even though I don't really care but I like it. He's
everybody's
happy.
You cheer for them
or do
you like football?
I don't
mean to slam
on it.
Later.
What does that
mean?
same.
I was in marching band in high school so I went to every game and I don't know how it works.
that's right.
and team loyalty it's a thing. Okay.
we've
same. Yeah we from
at the time so
Yeah, I don't know what they're doing.
One of my professors actually um she has put studies on it and she was like yeah I took a couple studies on their wants to see how it works from the other end and I was like I'm just line up. I could use the money. Um so I only signed up about three weeks ago. Um but I had the previous week from Reddit actually, I had been looking into things like waste Snake Studies online, so I don't know, do you have other websites you use that I can sign up
for?
I've heard of them a couple times
interesting.
Worth
I'm
definitely
gonna sign
up.
Thank
you.
that's
I'll google that. Yeah. Oh.
Like
do
I have to write
stuff or edit stuff I can edit? I don't really
run
Mhm.
Okay. I could
do that.
I
mean,
Terrific
studies
are
like 60 cents each, but I do a bunch.
I
will.
I wish I had something to offer you in return, but this
problem
is
the only one I do.
All
right. Well, it's extremely nice
to
meet
you.
It was
You, too.
Stop.
Thank
you.
See you.