wait that's very beautiful. Uh What I'm not yeah yeah move on. Uh huh. Yeah as we get there. Nothing everything. All right. Yeah it's not fake. Okay. I was gonna much much drive. Yeah well he was right. Yeah okay. Georgian. Oh uh oh is it? Put it out. Okay
I gotta I gotta turn my tv office early on my way. I'm
sorry don't noisy early. Okay thank you know what to talk about. I'm
sky a little basement that I said. Okay. Right okay okay there we go. Okay me and stood up. Okay here we go again. No uh Just about it's happening just got four minutes. I'm scotty by me. Huh?
I'm sky. How
can
you? Hi Natalie I'm from Louisiana. Where are you from?
I'm
from
like oh
no
I'm no I'm a hate
at
school coming from a week. Uh Yeah how old are you if you don't mind me asking ma'am?
21. Okay so you're the same age as my oldest daughter. Uh
I am a grandma.
Is she
with you in Louisiana? She's she's a killer. Really
sorry kid. Er kenner Louisiana. I'm sorry. Yeah I might might not be working too well. I using a phone. So it's an adopted a bunch of times. Can you hear me? Can you speak up? Okay because I dropped my phone alive?
But yeah I have actually I'm sorry, see I have three girls have a 21 year old, a 20 year old and a 16
year old.
Oh yes yes they do. Uh just uh different spots in Louisiana.
You know I lived a lot of years in florida. My juvenile years. You know from like 9 to 16. I lived in florida. I lived in all over florida. So I'm obviously I guess I'm from both sides you know born here. But I find when you you know your team, you're just really when you're learning who you thank you are. Anyway don't say I don't know if you ever really learn who we are.
I'm still learning who I am. What
are you going to school for?
Are you going what are you going to school for? I
go to school
for? Yeah. Media. What is it? I'm sorry. Yeah. New media. Yeah.
Now
knowledge
difference.
interesting. Yeah
thing
excited. That's good. I bet your parents are proud of you. Huh?
I think I hope so. I bet they are. I would say there for me.
I
mean
my girls
My girls didn't like my my my oneness 21 you know she was going to job corps but then she got pregnant at job born and it's just not going but she was trying to go for nursing so but she's still working and she's still doing you know she could. No they're not they're not out there on the streets were doing bad stuff, robbing drugs and all that Now my my Middle one I'm very proud of her even though she she didn't finish go to college like I wanted say about that because she's straight a's doing it all through school and you know like she really good but she just didn't want to finish up in college but she's her and her she had her son and my grandson in november. She's been with her had the same little boyfriend all the time. She was working three jobs before she had
her son and now she's a full time mommy that just wear slippers and nightgowns all the time. Uh huh.
It is it is because like today with I mean most young people today that I see you know they we're going around all over crazy kind of at least in the town where I live in Louisiana is these oil film work. So a lot of people are going like the men are going for months or weeks at a time than women at home and tight it taught wrong around here. Like I said I grew up in florida. So when I came here and I've seen how their lifestyle is here is so much different in most places. It's very um bedroom words, tragedy.
I think ma'am,
I'm
sorry, occupying what is the way I'm sorry
one more time?
What better things?
How
about living
it
about living in Louisiana? Uh See I'm I like florida. I don't really find there's really any good things about living in Louisiana. I don't, I think it's a state that's only do for like people that work offshore and it's not good for a family because when you have a husband going 28 sometimes even you know they go overseas and they work months you know then the women get lonely or something and you need families don't stick together around here. And I think it's sad and a lot of women because these boat captains and stuff make a lot of money. You know they make I didn't make like $500 a day sometimes you know and they teach their Children wrong you know with less morals and it's more acceptance except except more of the norm here two hustle or to manipulate where most places that I've been. It's not like I mean they have that but you know parents aren't out there teaching their Children the majority of teaching the kids that they want them to do just like you and go to school. Like I want my girls, you know and my girls, I taught my girls but my mom and my mom told me, but here it's not like that. They're taught so much different and I think it's bad. I don't like it, don't like it here. I really don't. They wouldn't be from my family. I would probably left. I did leave for a while. I went back to florida. I just got back three years ago. I stayed there for about five years in Daytona. Very pretty place you've ever been.
I said I consider myself from florida because that's where I grew up and I'd rather be there. You ever been to florida
for
Lauderdale?
So yeah, you've been,
yeah, you've been see here in Louisiana when they go to the beach, they see oil rigs and shrimp boats and when you get in the water going from Mexico, it's oily. Like your skin is like it's disgusting. Okay. You know like the oil spill just happened and everything you can tell. And they like the by use with where I live, I live in the bios area. They live like real by use where they, it's all like share and and all that Cajun like going to swamp people. Yeah they, I live in that area so it's like they don't care what goes into bias girl. Like they if you look into the bodies they got drainage pipes going into the various boats that are just sunk and they don't want to move. Is that pretty? You know like you go to florida is beautiful. You know you go to the beach is a beach, it's clean and fresh. This is beautiful. Yeah.
No
one
almost thanks. Yeah.
Especially the enormous,
Anything things
coming down.
right now like
because they don't have a yeah. Yeah it's bad it's not great. And you said he was I think I heard right Chicago someone just a minute. Yes.
Yes Chicago wow that's that's north. I've never been north,
I've never been north. I've been in the dirty south. Uh But I do want to go north. I want to see I'm gonna see the difference in the cultures of because I'm pretty sure there's a big difference.
I mean
I'm
in the Vegas once been
to Vegas but other than I've only been to texas, Mississippi Alabama Georgia and florida and south Carolina.
We're gonna go with north. Um
Well really I don't know if California California is the place I really want to go more than anything because I'd like to go to their beach and then see like the big, I was told their heels. But I think they're mountains that you see in California as you know. But I guess they're heels. So I would like to see that.
I'd like
to
see
that.
Like
never
been to California. You want to go?
You like to see that? Yeah.
In Diego
Curtis like
carrier
L.
A.
Like all the
big cities. Yeah, that's it. But if I could go anywhere in the world, it's
Scotland, Scotland. It's the island of sky. Yeah. To the failing, to the ferry ponds.
The pictures of Yes, the pictures of it is so beautiful. Like I don't even think it's real.
It's
so
Yeah, it's it's beautiful. I want to go there so bad.
Like there is beautiful. Yeah, the fairy ponds. Yeah, psychic green is green I ever seen.
Oh, you can swim in the Yeah, it's everything beautiful, right?
This is what I say because my name is Qari is about the same way as I'm gonna go to the island of sky. Very ponds with my sky carrier in my Saturn sky. Yeah.
It would be a good to, you
know.
After this canola virus.
Good. I don't pronounce it right? But you know, that's this uh granola bar, granola colonel. I'm not, I'm not going uh alright grammar.
I'm not, I didn't go to college for sure. I'm sure you could tell. I didn't go to college.
I'm good. So I'm on yes, one moment.
No, no, I'm on the phone. I'm I'm doing a survey. Okay. I'm sorry.
I live but I live with roommates at my age. I am, I'm a foster kid. You know, I've come across the care so I didn't like when you us differently don't have families, you know, especially when you age out or something. They sometimes they let you stay in longer. But like if you don't have like a school thing going for you or you're not like I don't know something impressive or something, they just really pretty much put you out. Yeah. I don't you ask when you make a team so
that makes you so
if you
Like if you're 18
and
they want
their their
they have vision,
visual
and stopping.
Yeah they have ah yeah if they want to so and I'm like yeah
how does that work? I
have.
No
It's like in the first place, I don't know, it's really not a fair system I don't think But it's getting better over the years. Like you guys consider too that I'm almost 40 years old, I'm gonna be 40 on the 28th of this month. So when I was going through, it was different than like We used to float around in the system. Like our parents could have 2010 years trying to get us back and I get put into a permanent home because of that now with it, because my sister and one of my sisters have lost your child to the state. Um, what they do is you get one year to get, you know, to show that you're proving your life to get your child back, so your child don't stay floating, which is a good thing.
I think there's more, there's more, you know, you know, that it's getting better the system because like when I was a child, they didn't keep an eye on the foster parents to, well my brothers and sisters got beat up in there. And so bad stuff happened. I mean it still happens today, but not like it used to, you know, so I mean it's improving and we do need these systems because some parents, they don't deserve their kids. You know, they're really bad kids spent like here. Um, a few years back. They had a woman that was prostituting out her 12 year old daughter. Yeah. And those kind of parents do not deserve their Children.
Um, I had, I've had traveled with drug addiction in the past. Okay. So, but I believe that our parents shouldn't be, you know, my parents shouldn't lose their kids just because that as long as they are willing to work towards it to do the program. But a parent that has sold their child. Yeah. For that reason, you know, like prostitution, I don't think they should even get a chance to have their child back because that is no love.
You
know, I don't know. I don't think they should have a way to get your child back or if they've been less or whatever. I don't think they should have the right to get their child back because that's not a mother. There's not a parent that couldn't even deal with that. Exactly. That kind of stuff really hurts my heart. You know.
You
know,
it's
like,
well
things
that's been hard to
what
is
good, What is that? Right,
at home. I'm glad I don't have that job. I don't have to. You know, today is figuring out because because like I think, okay, like I look at like here is a big problem here too is um molestation uh, and stuff like that. Like on these buyers way down on the bios where they were all like, like some of these buyers down here are like reservations like the indians and blacks back when segregation and stuff, they were pushed on these uh islands basically at the end of the earth. So it was a home as a family member stuff being pushed. And like the person that I mean like to but um, they end up very um deviant. People like they end up incest is a big thing. Like they left their kids and all that big time down there. So is it really after generations and generations of this? How can I judge this person because they end up the same way when they're taught its norm, Which is not the normalcy. I get I don't know how to think about that because I don't I'm so it's Yes. And I want to say kill them all. You know, like they because they're hurt when you do that church while you take their energy since you take their purity and but stairs was taken. Their brain was not what, you know, was damaged because it happened to them. So and then they see it been happening. So is that they're normal? You know, we're taught it's not normal. No. It's just like when they get married in another countries and their kids are 12 years old and they, excuse me, was they four years old or something? You know, like that? That's to them. That's normal to me. That's like, Oh my God, for babies. I mean, I just all this stuff is kind of
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Talk
to you.
But also
it's
to write my
No.
So I had with us. Yeah. I mean, you seem like a like you're gonna have been very well, like a good home. I mean, I'm just saying just your person.
um, it was,
I
didn't
really have any
talk to
look weird cousin lee
and they would always school uh
privileged
in
terms
of
what
I thought.
And I realized that
it's good because some people don't realize that it's good that you realize that because I see a lot of people, a lot of people make me if they hurt me so angry because they don't even realize how,
especially it is just to have to know what a home is to know rare homeless. I'm 40 years old and I've never found it. I've never known that ever, right? And I see these people, they get mad at their moms and their dads because they not, you know, giving them money to do this and that. But you know, as an adult there, they're probably my, you know, a lot of them are my age and their parents are still helping them taking, you know, giving them a place to live and stuff, but they don't want to give them money. So they mad at my mom and dad call any mom all kind of names. And I got this one friend of mine, okay. She was a schoolteacher, she she was a schoolteacher, she uh she was doing and she did it good. She had to a point where she got on drugs, she uh she got phones and her stomach hurts so much that she got on pain pills, pain pills back to something else. You know, the opiate crisis. Well, dad changed her, she lost her job as a teacher, she lost her place and she's been living with her mother, okay. And her mom about christmas for our kids all this and she sits there and she talks bad about her mom because her mom won't pick out her brother from the house who's also a grown man living on the mouth, feel so sorry for his. Miss Daddy is her name but I felt sorry for her and and I get angry at the brother and the sister because Here's your Mama. I mean Miss Daddy got to be about 70, 80 years old, still dealing with someone with teenage Children will do it and they don't even appreciate their mama. You know like darling appreciate your mama.
No, it's true.
that's
true.
I just don't think
proportional
it's not a
mask realize
that they
have
guards and unfortunately. Yeah. Yeah. You seem like a very well put together young lady by the way. I mean I'm I'm not educated to you know up there but as far as people go because my childhood being placed from home to home
and things like that. Because I've also been groups, homes a lot and not having a stable life as an adult. I've learned people, you know, be able telecom people, people are okay and to me, I could tell right now that you're very well put together and your parents have got to be proud. I know they are, I would be
I am
ma'am, I mean you're calling you man, like I'm sorry,
what was that?
Um So you said
before,
you can feel that. Yeah, I guess like I didn't sense like I can tell what kind of people you're saying that I'm kind of you're kind of breaking up a little bit, so I'm kind of guys and but you're asking me I can tell what, like, I can sense what kind of people people are. Yes. And most times, most times now I have been um off a couple and you know even can't always get it right. But usually yeah, I can tell by the way, so you can tell by the way someone walks or even though maybe talk and the way they carrying yourself, you know you can and in my life I've seen all kinds of different people. I've seen a mom and I think you have to have that, you have to have that like you have to have people are uneducated that you know you got to have people that are educated, you gotta have people that are crooks and criminals, you gotta have the ones that are not, it makes it like balance out. You gotta have your good, you gotta have your bag
and
I believe everybody has a good in bed.
you can't have good fortunately. Yeah, it's just some people they let the bad takeover okay. Like out here and this is the get a life. So I would say are down bad life. So I don't know. Poor life. I don't know what you call it. Street life maybe. I don't know. I don't know what to call it. But here people are always like uh taking other people's things, stealing from each other okay, are doing each other wrong. Okay. Now, to me, the thing, the goal is not to let that hard on you and make you just like them. Like so many people, they feel like my girl that there's her mom, she started out really good given want to do for others and really, you know, giving and caring person tries to help others. Well, the so many people has taken from her that now she's in their path to taking instead of saying that's just a material thing that can be replaced. Everything around you can be replaced but that person cannot be replaced and they're going through it too. And then some people's minds aren't strong enough. Everybody thinks oh well they can do it if they want to because I didn't know know their minds are not like everybody's mind is different. We don't all have the strength in the same mind. Like some people, like one person could get yelled at and that could break their heart. You know another person get yelled at and that can make them stronger and more assertive. You know what I'm saying? My mother, my mother was one that was very timid festival. Very timid if you yell at her shit bow and meek and get weak with it. Me? Yeah, I mean I'm I'm like hold on I'm gonna get stronger, I'm gonna put more force to it and that's all around mind power. You know, some people don't have the strength of mind to be able to accomplish something without, I mean, everybody has the ability to, but sometimes it takes, like someone has to help, you know, they can't do it with our guidance. All
It depends on
the way
I'm like, your environment. Oh, yeah, your environment is a big thing, almost, definitely. That's why most of the people in my world, in my lifestyle, because you definitely are not a race. You weren't a poor kid. Don't seem like thank you weren't holes in the floor living in the erosion, hotels and stuff. You weren't living that. Okay, Well, if you're brought up in that life, it's really hard to get yourself out that life. So it's a cycle of happening over and over and people that have got a stable lifestyle like yours was, y'all y'all you already got that start, You know what I'm saying? We're trying to learn people in that my lifestyle, we're trying to learn how to get that stability or even any, some kind of structure. So where we're not going to go as for someone that has that structure, because we're learning are trying to establish which already been given to one. Right? Right. So that has definitely got to do with a lot and then what you're taught, let you what you see around you growing up is a big thing too. If you see a bunch of fighting your tin to fight. Like I had a phone call the other day, this young man, you know this, right? He is a wonder man to me, but he ain't got much younger. But this young man I was dating, he, I met his mom and dad and stuff and they were always fighting, talking down and dirty and nasty to each other. Okay. Well, he moved to Lake Charles, which is basically and his friend and like Charles hooked him up with a girl. Well, he was calling me to see why would he be acting like that towards the girl? I said, well, that's because that's his norm. That's the way they deal with each other and his family, you know, Because he didn't understand why he to do with being like it. Um Honey. Uh One second. Yeah. Is it gonna be quick cause like I'm I'm doing a survey. Okay. Yeah. I'm so sorry.
Yeah, I All right. Um But uh So he's learned that. So that's the kind of person in relationship until he uh what do you call it? An evaluation based outlook? Okay. I mean, they say women to see that was the problem. There's a lot of people are not willing to take a self evaluation and say, okay, this is what's wrong with me. This is what I need to fix. No, they want to put it like a never on me attitude and everybody can use a little. I don't care if you as far as personal as well and you've got all of it together. You can still improve yourself in some way. There's always room for improvement.
Always
that
believe that.
thank
you.
Yes, I'm cute.
No,
no
thank criticism.
You
need to. Yeah. But if you don't mind me asking like, I mean it just helps me. I mean I probably haven't seen talk to you again. You never know. But then again you never know life and spirit. But what do your parents do? Do you mind act like
what
their
parents
do? They
come from
home 25
years
ago
and they clean houses
or
rich people did you say? Clean houses? Yes. The clean houses for rich people. That's what's up. That's all right.
My
first job was that I like cleaning houses actually. I think that's awesome. I wanna always wanting to start my business doing that kind of work because it's I don't I'm not a people person. Like I'm a I'm a people person, but I'm I'm a one on one people person because in a big group you can't evaluate all of them at the same time. Like you can't you know, I'm very cautious because of things that have happened to me in my past as you have a child and stuff. So I'm very cautious on people. I bring them on me and I want to know them. So I'm very quiet and distant at first. Like, people like you would be in this wouldn't be a Serbian, I wouldn't need to be having a conversation for this time. I probably went
until I've known you, I met you like quite a few times and felt you out completely enough to trust. Because really what it my biggest problem is that lunch I let someone in my life and in my world, it doesn't matter what they do because I believe in love and I believe love is unconditional and people don't understand the word unconditional means accepting all the bad with the good. So people tend to take advantage of me because I am that, you know, they see that as a weakness which is in a weakness. It actually takes a lot of strength to forgive people over and over for things.
It's
no
weakness
person.
it is. I mean I'm not I'm weak in some ways I guess but I'm not weak like I am. I try to be, let's put it that way, I try to be a strong person and I know it's to some people it seems to be I seen weeks but you know when I want to do something, when I put my mind or something I'm gonna get it done, it may not be like it's supposed to be like mhm I like to say I like okay say I got something I'm doing is that it takes putting something together or something. I have a degree in african american ingenuity. Oh you know I can mm I might vote for this because I don't want to see that politically incorrect but I can correct some shit basically. Or like duck it take it'll work but I'll make it work. Like I didn't make it work and that's only because will not give up. I set my mind and I go for it and that takes strength. I know I was I'm 40 years old. I'm just learning like I used to have a lot of self hate like I used to feel like I was not good enough, I was never good enough. I never was good enough for anything to me. You know, nobody name like my my growing up, you know, as a young girl and some of the homes I lived in, they said those things to me so you know, I guess it program did in me. I had to break that programming. I'm still trying to bring that program christian members. But um yeah, I'm trying to be as who I want to be. I'm gonna be the money is strong enough to stand up for other people and I can't do that If I can't even stand up for myself to, you know, and, and stand strong on what I believe. Getting a lot of arguments because if I feel strongly about something, it don't matter. I'm not going to catch me, I'm not gonna back down. You're not gonna tell me this. Try to push me into doing something that I feel is wrong. I'm not gonna do it
is not a happy you killed first before I go against mind leaves in some ways,
in a lot
of ways
what
I think
we're
stuck of empathy.
I think you've
lot farther
than we
have a lot of
people
with real things. Yeah, I would, I like to think so.
I
think
so.
So.
I think
there's well
people
I don't
know
there are bad, I don't know. That's see that's where of course I did get stuck on this youtube rabbit hole one year like six months. I sat watching these youtube. It started out with the news. Big thing when that girl got found in the fraser a few years, like a couple of years ago. Yeah.
Yeah. It started with that and it was like I started with that and then that video, that's another video and that's another weird video and another weird creepy video with another weird one and then we're 911 calls and then we'll solve mystery things. And then so, and then that little boy that that was fed to the pigs and stuff like, oh my God, there's so many horrible things that I didn't even like parents that hurt like just hurt their kids and stuff. I just don't understand it. And it made me not sure. Not sure if there's more good or bad. I'm not sure. I like to hope there is if there isn't I like to hope that wow people that like me and you, I didn't tell you in a good person. I mean I already know that are good and are will stuff would make it better if it's not more good now it will be. It makes a difference. I
believe that. I believe my little bit we'll make a difference. It may be a little speck but expect may come in,
you
know
like
like
to pay it forward. That's how you pay for one thing. Yeah, just like that. I believe that. I believe it. Yes. And I believe that in the end everything works this way out. May not see my care at first. I like at least have to leave this okay. It all works out. We may not be what we wanted to be. It may never be what we wanted to be, but in the end it's what it's supposed to be like. It works out right? Yeah. It does
because like the people like me and a few people I know they had to have traumatic childhoods and trauma and abuse. That is what made them more compassionate, more understanding. Like I was my husband that passed away three years ago. Um He came from a well to do family. Yeah and he was very small so he didn't appreciate things because they were given to him things that I just like oh appreciate so much for it. So I think which troubled him with shit. Um pain or hurt becomes more appreciate. It humbles you and makes you more appreciative to life to wear someone who's given, I'm glad I grew up for because I didn't, I don't I wouldn't want to be but I don't I wouldn't want to be unappreciated in
like
I wouldn't want to be. I don't, I mean I don't wanna be anybody. I was really, I actually love who I am today. I can say I never could say that before. I took 40 years to get there. But I can't say I just love, I am, I'm proud of who I am because I've been through the wringer and uh I still died for my neighbor. Most people won't, that's going to shit. Is that like,
you know
that makes you happy?
Let's say
B
So
what's
the real
popular?
I
don't know if you're smiling. Yeah, it does. I'm glad to see she like right now it was to see I had a survey I had just done for them yesterday. I was supposed to do this, but I couldn't figure out why like I had to go make some setting changes because the camera would come on on my end to them. I guess I was supposed to talk to you. You know, like I believe in those things. I believe things are meant to be sometimes. Like I don't know if you believe in God, I know that I am people that they don't, but I believe in a higher power one from my closet the universe. Some people call it god. I just believe that there is my personal belief is that its energy like God, the like the energy and all our energies get pulled together is and that's what our spirit and that's what God is. It's a massive energy that connects and we're all bound together in some way by that. That's my beliefs. You know, that's just when my brain tells me what I feel is right? So
it's
kind of like, how about it? Was that I'm
sorry,
it's
kind
of like
exactly. See it's good, it's a good conversation. I'm really happy. I I'm glad Mr Latte from yesterday
I really am,
because
I
was too, I was too. I was too, because if I can say because I only like give but give people information like that about me, you know, like give my my let myself out open like that, or even even if it would be so strange that I never talk to you again, it's still not something I normally do, but yeah, threat, like your
your energy name and more comfortable with it too, you know? And the fact that you're the same age as my daughter, you know, that kind of helped to write, you know? So there's a, because I thought like yesterday it was a guy, a male who I wouldn't know what to talk to him. You know, I wouldn't, I wouldn't have been comfortable talking to him and I probably would never, I'm a 14 looks like, you know, I, you know, this is a money saying, Hey, this survey, my good,
prolific. I liked the expo, I do a lot of these, some of them I don't do well on like I had to do, um, something with like percentages and stuff like I'm no good and that
I really
am
not. I
don't like that my husband and my late husband, he, he loved that. He said math was the universal language, a universal language. I never really, I still don't quite comprehend what that means at
all,
but some somebody tries to bring it to me. So I kind of understand, but I still don't quite understand what that means. All right. But like I have uh I have a learning disability so like um numbers and letters and stuff. I don't have to Well that at all. I know and I get I can read I can read I she spelled my mama would say it was my own language because I was taught phonics. You know like again, I heard that they don't teach that no more. I don't know. But like so everything I spell. I tried to sound it out. Not spell it like it sounds because yeah, so that someone so you can imagine because all the more so a lot of words that come out like this, you know, they don't spell like they sound
english is a dumb it's a it's
a dumb thing. You know what other languages you
I know I was over police.
Is that what you said? Okay, okay. All right,
well here, you know,
it's
like,
it
doesn't make sense sometimes. Okay.
crap.
You know,
like what
to
sometimes
there's just
certain
things
like for words uh
education
just going at this point. Okay, okay. Well, I don't know. I don't know. I only know english. So I only know, but listen that don't mean that I like, okay here in south Louisiana, they have Cajun french, which is a french. You know, it's a pretty much french, but it's Cajun french. They change, they gotta twist to it somehow. I don't know. I don't understand why it's called K different and not just french because by french, but a lot of the older people from here, a lot of the older, like, like within my grandparents or my great grandparents, they only boat french. So a lot of friends, a lot of people here can speak french. I only know like what was it um What I used to know. Oh how you said it? Oh I don't remember it anymore. My my uh my baby daddy, he spoke it very well and he taught me some things about it but I know since you have been away way from him, I have not used it so I can't remember now. Uh
huh.
Uh huh.
I
know I knew a few words.
also
learned
from
high school
but I don't remember it more. I tried to take french in high school but uh teacher wanted us to pick a french name. Well I wanted Sky. Okay. No it's not a name, it's not a name in french but it is a word, you can't tell me that because spanish sky is cielo. Yeah, I know in spanish Seattle Seattle so I can't pronounce it too great but that's pretty much it okay so I know there's a word for sky in french but she would not let me have that name. So I got mad just I didn't even care anymore after she made me because
I
shouldn't have to yeah I shouldn't have to change from him. I was very I've been very proud of my name my whole life. That was I I love my name. There's two things I've always known that I was okay. I have pretty name and pretty eyes. I was always told my whole life so I know those two things don't change that about you, that's what I had. Yeah I'm talking to me. I'm sorry I don't I don't know what to tell us that now. I've been trying to keep up with the rules of the studies for sure.
And thank you
for
being
you
like talking
walking
complain a lot.
I was I'm sorry it broke up there. Oh, I hit myself.
Sometimes
we're like qualified
business.
I'm
one is part
somewhere I have.
If you ever want to. Oh baby, I can't make out saying that time. I wonder what's going on with my my my house. But uh yeah, if you ever think you'd tell me if you ever want to talk something, but okay, if you ever would like to talk to, if you ever need somebody to talk to who's night in your norm and just wasn't meant about something like um you're more than welcome to talk to me. My my my name is Sky, mary Ellen Cunningham. And that's how you find me on the book.
Sky. What mary Ellen,
Yeah, cutting him.
Yeah you found me. This went with pictures. It's a real, yep, that's me. Oh yeah see there's a lot of pictures like that. See um before like yeah I take a lot of pictures and a lot of pretty pictures like that because I don't never wear them clothes outside the house is the only time I looked pretty. I get to wear clothes like that because I don't go nowhere to wear stuff like that. So yeah, don't judge because of my pictures. So I didn't
realize how uh you know, I didn't ever feel pretty until I got older so that after Pretty I I like to uh Pretty
I can't
follow you
so you
have my phone.
I'm gonna lie. I don't know. I'm not okay. Um So you got a message It don't let you send me a friend request.
No, but it's not in. Okay. Okay. All right. That's what I'll figure out after I get off when we ever it's the survey because I don't wanna mess nothing up at night night, do the submission or something. You know I do I'm not the best of these things. You know what their technical
stuff my daughter is. Okay
but
keep
this tab open.
The other one that you the first
one?
The 1st 1. Yeah. OK So keep that one over. Okay. So how long have you been talking? Do you mind me do you know? Can you tell
I
can't
tell
I think we're
wow. That was everything. Good conversation. Mm.
All right I'm saying. Okay. Yes. Okay. Well uh true. I would actually run out of stuff to talk about right the second commercially. Just really thank you. You actually made my day really good.
A little down and I don't know, just talking to me feel better. That's cool.
Yeah. Thank you.
I enjoyed that on youtube. Thank you. You definitely have a very good, uh, wherever you go in life. I know you're gonna make a difference at fisher.
All right. What do I have to like when we get, when we decide things? Whenever you decide I'm that person I saw pushing you up at night. What do I do? Like I just go back to the other page. Do you know
I can't um,
so the direction stand,
the timer
starts
screaming.
So it may already
that have
passed on the block.
That
means
it's
difficult
track
of your forestation
home. Remember
the
position for
at least 20 minutes
And that's all it's
and it says, uh,
once
you have
open
no,
please
open and tired.
Don't close it
until
the next congress. Okay.
So the
first top
while you
have the
video
open, it should do it. Okay. So,
so now
I think
close
it because
disclose the tab.
Okay. All right. Like I used to uh accessibility thing where you push the little uh little square and you put the square around it reads it to you
when when I read the instructions and stuff, I don't personally read it. I have it. The phone read it to me and sometimes I don't quite understand what you say. And sometimes the phone don't sound normal.
You know, so I didn't really quite know what to do next. I'm going to guess. And that's not enough. So, yeah, it's like you said, I'm not getting the best one. Reading and stuff. Okay. Okay. Do you have anything else you want to say?
I mean
what?
Not
for now.
Okay. Well, again, it's a pleasure to meet you and your very upright, shiny person.
Thank you. You are okay. I'm gonna close the tab. I hate this part of conversation. This is like you don't know who you don't I don't feel like I hung up on your
night
and
so
I'm OK. Close the tap.
Okay? You have a good night? Good