Yeah. Yeah. Right. Uh huh, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Years.
Hey, how's it going?
Let me, I need to fix my headset here. Uh
No, I I I had my it was like not going to my head so it's going to my speaker. Yeah. Ready for some easy money.
Little
Yeah, not too bad. My name is Jim
that's me.
Yeah, I'm in California.
I live in santa Barbara County.
Oh yeah, yeah, I know inglewood. Yeah.
L.
form.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, that's cool. Yeah.
Ah yeah, I know. No complaints about the weather for sure. Uh Have you been to uh the Sofi Stadium yet? Uh huh.
I
mean,
have
you driven
by, I mean, I mean you've seen it right driven by it or?
Yeah, that's on my bucket
list,
Yeah, I took one of my kids uh to ross last night, I had to buy him some, you know, shoes and clothes whatever. And uh I go there when I came in there I looked like they have ball caps, you know, and uh and so I found one it was a charger hat. So cool and uh but didn't fit but it fit him, it didn't hit me so I was kind of bummed but but it was uh you know, I like their new uniforms. It was
it's pretty, yeah, it's pretty cool hat too.
No,
no, I I don't have any favorite team. I just uh
I just I just like the hat, you know if the hat fits and it has, you know, cool
colors.
adam,
adam
adam.
it had a kind of a white front with the the gold bolt and then it had kind of a dark blue on one side and kind of a that powder blue on the other side, I don't know, it was really interesting looking at so Yeah. So.
Yeah. Yeah I agree.
Well that's
probably
good. Uh Probably a lot of raider fans in L. A. That would go you
know?
Well they
gotta win something you know? Then people get on the bandwagon.
Well
I mean I mean you got the Lakers winning, you get the Dodgers winning you know get the rams and you know you got angels and you know there's just too much competition so uh
you got to win something and then and then people like wow they're winning who are these people? Well they have a future I think you know with that quarterback Herbert so.
Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah. he's
playing
tonight
actually.
Tennessee
yeah I was watching I was watching the first half so.
I'm in a fantasy league was a bunch of my co workers so uh the guy I'm playing against this week he's got Derrick Henry. So I want I want Derrick Henry not to do well so
far.
He hasn't done much.
Yeah. The beast. Okay.
22. Well fortunately he hasn't scored tonight. That's that's the most important thing so. And
you.
I got this thing called fu bo tv. Um So
yeah it costs you know it's like 60 bucks a month. But I don't have I don't have any other I just have you know pay for internet and I pay for this tv package and um what's cool about it it has like 500 hours of of you know recording
DVR kind of. So so I I just record all the game, you can just select all the games and I just record them and then you can skip through all the commercials, you know and you can you can actually like the play happens, you can hit 15 seconds fast forward 15 seconds and then you know the next play the next play and you and you know, I don't need to see the replay, you know, I don't need to see, you know, okay so there's a you know, okay it's offside, you know holding you know skip through the penalties whatever and you can watch a game like in an hour and uh so pretty
Uh yeah, I think it's like I think I'm paying about 60 actually. So
I did
the free,
yeah I did all the free trials, you know, I tried I tried sling, I tried hulu and uh I I think the, I like the food because it has all the sport channels, you know, it has the NFL network and ESPN anyway, it has everything. Um, but the nice thing too is I'm not locked into a contract. So what I'm gonna do is probably after the football season and like after the Super Bowl, I'm probably just gonna take a break and I'll just cancel it and then wait until because I really, I don't really care. Um and I'm not gonna watch all the all the baseball season in basketball season. I don't know, I prefer just like college and pro football and uh
I'm probably just gonna cancel it, you know, probably in february and then I'll just sign up again, you know, september or something and
a little bit I prefer pro actually. Yeah
I
mean I thought
maybe
yeah that's that's I maybe need to keep maybe you need to keep it through March Madness. Yeah probably. Yeah maybe I'll cut it after March Madness because that's really fun to watch. But then maybe we'll get to april and then it'll be there won't be a whole lot in april. So um yeah
you know I yeah college basketball was really cool. I you know I just like watching the you know maybe more like the playoffs of things like you know I won't watch the entire baseball season but you know watch like the the uh you know A L. C. S. And L. C. S. And the World Series. I mean it's fun to watch the Dodgers. That was cool. So
Yeah.
mm.
So have you done these video chats before?
is like this mike my third. I think so. Ah
Yeah I think so. 11 of them you know it was a pretty good conversation with this girl and it went you know went fine went by pretty pretty quickly and then I had a conversation with this other girl and it kind of was like it dragged on a little bit and uh
I felt,
Okay. Yeah well I mean she was sitting there next to her husband and she you know it was it was pretty weird actually because uh she was kept talking to him and then talking to me and and and he kept chiming in and just like you know I don't know whatever
it's
like
kept
like
I kept
looking at the clock, you know how much
more time? Oh
hey,
for 25 minutes I got to go to the bathroom to sign out but.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well I just uh not really a side hustle, but I made some extra cash. I worked in the presidential election, I got a polling place and
I
made some pretty good money. Yeah.
Yeah we'll
just
yeah I worked in the uh it was like the March primary and then uh then yeah then I they contact me and and uh they had volunteers for the um well I think they contacted me in september and then I had to go through training here at the end of october and then I worked in the I worked that whole weekend, there were four days of voting. So I actually worked five days because, well they paid me for the training at a day and half training
and then they and then I worked on the friday to set everything up, all the booths and everything and then saturday, sunday, monday Tuesday all day, just people voting. And I got paid $24 an hour for all that. And then and then on uh one of the Tuesday was such a long day, I got paid some hours at time and a half and then I got some time at double time, some hours at double time. So
so I made um I think overall I made about I made over 1000 bucks and 1100 bucks or something, 200 bucks. I haven't figured it all out yet, so I don't know. That was pretty easy money. So.
we had the slowest polling place in the county and uh I I was supervising 20 clerks but it was um yeah, it was pretty low key. I mean we it was actually there was a lot of downtime. We were just sitting on our phones, you know, just kind of passing the time, just just shooting the breeze and and yeah, so you know it, yeah, the elections come up every couple of years and something, you know?
No. Yeah. Yeah. I met a nice, a lot of nice people and uh and you know
I think it's pretty funny. I was watching this uh
these videos
of how like four years ago all these, you know republicans were like, you
know,
just
just
yeah just accept the the results quick. You could crying and being a baby about it, move on. And then now it's like there are total hypocrites, you know? It's just like now it switched on them and it's like, well we're gonna wine and be a baby and we're not going to accept the results and you know, it's like anyway, so um yeah, our country man, it's in trouble.
There's I
mean
we're just so divided. You know
what?
Yeah. You know, I'm not I mean, I'll just be upfront. I I'm not a trump fan and I feel like the guy spent four years in office and all he's been doing is just, you know, all it's all about him, you know, it's like, you know, looking at my golf game or or what can I do to, you know, I mean, he isn't it's like it's not the country first, it's all about him first, you know? And
so
yeah, so he's
going
to spend,
you know?
now
remember
he said all this time and it's like you're gonna get tired we're gonna win so much we're gonna be winning everything you're gonna get tired of winning and it's like you know it's been four years in nothing but losing man it's
like
well at least he doesn't seem selfish which is you know I think a good start
you know So um you know I I just I I was just thinking if trump got reelected I mean where would our country be in another four years? I mean it's still he's gonna probably be hanging around and I read where he's just gonna create his own like online um you know network or something. Some kind
of
I think uh I think Mississippi wanted it to leave the union or something so uh so yeah he could take over Mississippi and they can all move into their head. That makes sense.
No
no
no.
But he said something like you know running
for president in 2024 I was like I was thinking really he can do
that again.
Well he'll be is 78 or something 79, hopefully he'll die by then. Yeah.
No no he's not I think he's 77 or something. Uh But
he seems
like
he's in pretty good shape. I mean I saw him jogging
uh before he was speaking or something like what I like about riding a bike so uh you see.
I'm retired.
I
did uh was kinda like public health uh county county department that deals with public health so I just um you know. Yeah so um yeah it was it was a good career um you know helping people and um you know kind of like public service. So how about you?
Mrs
turner?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah it's pounds. Yeah
british.
I know. Yeah
I know
there's like
fuck
30.
Well
how do you
spell
that? I am
speak.
look
at
Uh I never heard
of that. That's interesting.
Yeah I have an additive fine.
you're like mr side hustle here.
Uh I've tried to amazon um at
amazon
turk
Yeah that's a pain the ass so yeah
and it's like you know super small amounts and it was just like so hard to like find them and and yeah so I stopped doing that.
Pine coin.
Ah Pine cone. Uh
Okay.
All
of it.
That's cool.
Well
I don't I don't like the ones that you know, you earn like you know credits or your urn, you know, widgets or you know some stupid you know thing and then maybe eventually they'll convert to money, you know, once you get 1000 tokens then you get a dollar or something, you know? Forget it.
Yeah. Yeah and it better be pretty decent cat. I like what you know, prolific thing has uh you know shows you the dollar, you know the rate. So I go that's $10 an hour. Okay.
That's that's
what that's worth the men in my time, you know?
Yeah.
Yeah I I have like that I'll have that browser window open and I'll I'll toggle to it you know like if I'm sitting around you know working on my email or something anyway I'll you know I'll keep looking at it and seeing if there's anything
there.
So
sometimes I hit refresh or I'll keep trying. Sometimes they clothes.
Yeah I found that some of the you know really long surveys I can do in like half the time too. So it's like oh you're gonna pay me you know eight bucks an hour for you know 40 minutes or half an hour or whatever it is and I can do that thing in you know 15 minutes. So it's like okay now I'm making 16 bucks an hour. Nice. Uh huh.
yeah this is this is
easy money.
So do you have one of those internet box things hooked up for now?
Yeah. Well, does
it have the name on the, on the little device?
Do you point?
that's
fine.
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Digital reflection. Okay.
I'll check that out.
Yeah. A lot of side
hustles.
So what?
Well
sometimes and you get on there and there's like four surveys and you got to go, oh my gosh, which one do I want to do first? Okay. There's only three spots left.
This
one has
1000
pots left, you know?
I'll wait
on
that one.
Right. Right.
So
They're
like
they're looking
for
younger people. Mhm. Okay.
What is
the uh is that survey police do
survey police? What what does that
website
do?
Okay.
Well, I appreciate your, your experience
here. I
have been doing, I did the prolific now, I've only been doing it for maybe a year or two years or something and I, but I'm making pretty good money. I mean, decent. I made uh I think I make about $600 a year or something. That's not
much.
Yeah, that's awesome.
excellent.
I see.
One
opinion.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
The
Well,
maybe
I could
do
something in the back, you know, do something at the same time, so it seems like I'm like I'm participating, but maybe I get something else done.
All right, we'll check it out. I'll check
it out.
Hey,
well,
nice to meet you, joe. And uh
yeah, you too
well nancy around