How you doing sir? More
You're the man.
You were busy doing something. Huh?
Yeah I mean I mean you know you got to do something while you're locked up. Right? I mean inside your house all the time you can't
you can't really do anything more but to you know find a side hustle. Right and make make a little extra money. I how have you been? Good.
My name is joe yeah.
How is it out there where you live? I mean it's it's it's when it comes to the you know there's covid stuff.
Oh I am too yeah
santa barbara. Um Not too familiar with santa barbara. I stay in England would do you know L. A. X. Right.
Yeah that's
where I say
we got that cool weather. I'm guessing you do too. Right. I mean you're you're off the coast as well now.
you got that great weather. Huh? Mm.
I haven't
I haven't. I mean
I'm
so
close.
Yeah I mean I'm always I'm always driving by it, but now I guess we're gonna have to wait a bit more for us to visit that stadium
and you
know, you know what I'm basically Like four blocks away from the stadium. Yeah.
How do you do?
So you're basically you root for for chargers. I mean is that is that
kind of your team?
Oh, you don't
And it looks nice.
Right. I'm guessing you're more
into
whatever.
Looks nice. That's what you're going to buy. Right.
Yeah. You know what I I mean? You know now that you're talking about the chargers, I I still can't get used to them being from L. A. Now. I just I mean every time I see the chargers it's usually man, they're still from san Diego. I can't picture them being from L. A. That's one team I could have never imagined coming to L. A.
I was I was basically kind of hoping that the Raiders were going to come back home but I guess they just drove by and just left to Vegas. They yes they they decided to bring the chargers out here now. Yeah.
But
I'm you said what?
No
you know what they're kind of like more leaning towards the ramps now. I mean the rams are usually I mean you know now you know they went to ST louis but they came back but I'm guessing you know we're sticking to the rams. I don't really see a lot of a lot of chargers gear out here in the streets now.
Well
I'm guessing that's what they have to do. They gotta they gotta basically get on the map in L. A. You know it's it's really hard for for fans to accept you if you're not doing much here,
you know, as a team.
Too much competition. Yeah.
You think so? You know what? I didn't even notice that they had gotten rid of the what's this, what's this now? I mean, he's playing now Read Bruce.
he
was
he was,
yeah, he's playing against the
titans.
Yeah, that's a pretty good game. Is 17-13. So, you know, it's an interesting game though, you know, to watch. I like those games, you know where it's not, you know, a lot of scoring. Yeah.
Is
that
is that the running back for the titans?
he's playing pretty good.
You know what?
I haven't really seen the titans play. I'm always used to watching the rams play because I'm not the type of person that will watch two or three games. They say, for example, um, sunday, right? I mean, you always have the football games on sunday. I usually wait. I mean if they play at one, I try to skip the, you know, 10 in the morning game for me to watch the, the game that I want to watch because I can't really, I'm not that type of person that will watch football all day. Yeah,
I've heard about it.
DVR
I tried the football. Um, but I've just, I've just tried the trial. I mean, I never paid for, I mean, I don't play for any cable. I'm kind of one of those cutting the cord kind of guys. Um, that's the type of job that I do. That's my other type of hustle that I have. Have you heard about the android boxes and stuff like that? Like fire sticks? I'm sure. Well basically I kind of charge him, you know, I, I supercharged and put all the apps and stuff like that for free movies and tv shows. So I'm always watching like pay per views and stuff like that. You know, basically for free And I don't, I don't pay for cable, but I've heard that it's basically it runs for like $50 a month. Right? The football,
it
depends
on the package.
All you do, you're
you're into college? What college football?
Yeah. I
usually
watch, I usually watch college but it's it's usually basketball and where and when they're up there like in the playoff games and you know, it becomes like really interesting. What is it? The the final
four?
Yeah.
You know what I mean when it comes to, I mean I know that cable is really you know sometimes it becomes expensive but there's a way that you can actually save a lot of money. I don't know if you if you're familiar with, I'm pretty sure you're familiar with just the basic cable, right? But now what they're doing is that you can stream with your with your cable provider, you know this? Right? So I mean I have a buddy of mine, I'm gonna give you an example, I have a buddy of mine, I think he pays like I think it pays like $85 a month for his cable. But then with I mean I was doing it for a bit but I just you know I just I I stopped doing it because I mean like I said, you know I'm I'm doing this, He basically shares his his cable company with his buddies. Let's say for example if it's $85 and everybody's gonna pay $20 each, I think that you can you can stream four devices at the same time. That's a that's a that's a great idea. Especially if you have a smart tv you can you can stream your cable, your cable tv through an app. I don't know if you're familiar with when that, no. Yeah I mean you can do that now and you can look it up. I mean like let's say for example may give you an example like your full bow, your your you know what you're paying. I think that I'm not really sure but you can stream three devices at the same time. Yeah
so that's basically almost the same when it comes to um to cable tv. Yeah
so that will be a bit, you know, a great idea for you to save a little bit because I know a lot of people that you know they pay 100 100 and $20 a month for a cable which is too much. I mean I remember You know a couple of years ago is basically $40.50 a month for cable but now I got too expensive. Right. Yeah
I've done I think I've done like four of them. How about yourself?
it's always been positive or
I haven't
gotten that lucky. I mean I usually get guys man.
I
think
that
that's
kind
of
like
it's
timer.
Yeah. You know what I think they changed it now for I think you can get like seven opportunities. Seven chance. I did it the last time as well but I think I did the six of them but this one for some reason they stopped it for a while, it's like a couple of weeks, I don't know why. Um And they just send me the the invitation like two days ago I think. Yeah, but it's I mean it's pretty good. Especially now you know that a lot of people are just indoors. I mean I don't go out that much. I mean most of my buddies they're just at home as well. I mean I'm kind of like uh I mean before this pandemic, I mean I was going you know, to the gym, I was going to exercise that, you know at the park and I'm not doing any of those things. So I mean sometimes it's always good to have a conversation with somebody. Right?
You
did
what? Wow.
You mean
this this this this past election?
All
So,
It was you didn't he wasn't doing much. I mean, it wasn't a lot of work.
Well, I'm into
What do you think about these? I mean, now that you brought it up, what do you think about these elections? I mean, it
it
is
they were
doing
the same
thing.
It's just,
you know
what it's
sometimes you try to make sense of it and you just you just sometimes I just can't believe what, but we're going through at that, you know, at the moment with one thing and then another thing comes, you know, comes about and I don't know, I mean, we're just
gonna have to wait. Right.
It's all about
him. Right. It
seems
that
every time
you see, every time you speak, you know, when you see him, it's not about what what is he willing to do for the people? It's always the democrats did that. I mean, it's not about the democrats, it's about what you can offer. And I, you know, you don't really hear that from him.
I
mean,
And
you know what I mean, we still have to wait and see what this guy is gonna do. I mean, we don't know, right? I mean, we don't know what he has to offer. I mean, a lot of times it's what he says, but one thing is for you to say it. And another thing is for you to actually do it, right?
It's a help. It's Yeah, it's a story. Yeah.
Well, you
know, you know what a lot of, a lot of followers are saying, you know, give him kind of an advisor, he should run for government at any state. And and and kind of, I mean, they're making it seem like like, you know what, they should govern this state and kinda make it an independent state where all the followers can go there and live. I mean, that's that's kinda that's all
But you know what, I don't really think that's going to work out. I mean
this
that
happens is basically California is going to do the same thing. I mean, new york, right? I mean, they're all going to want to be independent, which is not going to work out, it's never gonna work out. I'm guessing that's what why that's why it's called United States. Right. I mean, We're all one big country.
What?
it's
not going to happen. It is not going to happen. I mean,
and this guy is not it's not that young either. Right.
I
don't know
man.
No.
What kind of what kind of work do you do? What is your,
oh you're retired already? Okay. What were you doing? Like what what was your career
before?
I I
mean I do
a little a little of I mean a different stuff. I mean first of all like my main job is I'm a caregiver. I worked with seniors and then you know I do this and then I do the the android boxes and stuff like that. I usually do that online and you know what I enjoy doing? Um I enjoy doing surveys. I think a lot of times when you just stick to one um one You know one company you don't really see much but when you work with different cos yeah you can you can actually um see the progress you know when it comes to doing service. Because I honestly I work for I do surveys Like four different good companies. This one's pretty good because I mean it gives you it gives you you know um what is the sterlings or euros?
You can't
beat that. Nobody
nobody nobody pays you inbounds.
The good the
good one
that I
have but you would have to um sometimes they give you the opportunity to to invite people. It's called a mary Speak. I don't know if you've heard about that. Yeah that was pretty good. That one gives you that one basically. I mean sometimes it gives me 43 to 4 um service per day. But there they range from 10 to $15. Um There's another one
that
once
cooked.
It's A. A. M. E. Or I
speak. Yeah mary speak. Yeah but
that one
is usually through invitation I mean um But that was that was pretty interesting. And there's another one that doesn't pay you that much but it's always you're always getting it. You know what trans I enjoy the most. And it's really easy is the uh I don't know if you've heard about the company's where you connect like a little box behind behind your internet um box. You know like your router. And they pay you for just to see the activity you do through your internet. Those guys are those guys are good. I don't remember the name of the company
but
but that one it usually gives you like $30-40 bonuses just to keep it connected. I have like my phone. This one doesn't give you much. But I mean like I said you know you you get one from one and I mean that that adds up, let me give you the name of this one, the one I have on my phone. And the good one about this one is uh it gives you surveys as well. This one the one that I'm going to give you from my phone. It's called smart app. This smart app you just connected. You know you can you connect the you go under on your website and then they're going to tell you to to install the app and you just have it installed on your, I'm pretty sure you have an android to an android phone right? Or uh Iphone.
And so basically you just put your email and um and they'll send you um they'll give you money for having it connected on your phone. Plus they send you surveys while you're you know On your email. I mean usually they send you surveys for like $10, Not going to be all the time. But you know they will send you the surveys. Yeah. And then this other one. Let me give you another another.
Yeah. I mean you know what it's always good. I mean I always like to let people know you know what I do. I mean I'm not the type of person that holds you know holds out on people especially you know like you you do this kind of kind of work. I mean it gives it gets pretty interesting too. We're always keeping occupied. Right? Let me see if I can get this other one. This is the only company you do.
I
don't know.
I tried that one. It's
you should.
Yeah. Amazon. I don't remember the name exactly. But I tried that when the Amazon one let me give you the names for the of the other ones that I do. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Eric Yeah. Oh you said it's it's called pine corn. Pine pine coin.
No, no. Pine cone. Sorry about that.
Pine cone. Yeah.
Let's go under
pine
cone dot com. What I like about these guys, I mean they're not going to give you that many surveys, but they usually just they pay they always pay you $3 for each survey. They don't go Higher or lower. It's always three bucks and they're really they're really easy to do. And what I like about these guys is that they send you products for you to try out and they pay you for it as well.
Yeah. Yeah that was that was that was pretty good too. Yeah. You know what I've tried so many companies and I you know I always keep the better ones. I mean I don't I don't waste my time on the uh on the survey companies that you know sometimes you're doing the survey and you're almost finished and guess what they say? You don't qualify. That that sucks. I'm pretty sure you've been you you you you come across this kind of uh
companies.
but it's not cash man. It's not even worth the time to.
And
and that.
I'm pretty sure you have the the assistant right on your on your word brother. Yeah
that always helps. But um just keep in mind that just you know sometimes you say oh well I'm just gonna wait to the lady. You know lets me know when I have a survey. Sometimes. You know sometimes they don't they sometimes she talks a little late when you go in there. I don't know if it has happened to you. It's zero. So you might you know want to do it like we used to do it before you know go in there and check.
The same.
Yeah that's the same thing I do. And you
know what I've noticed too. Um Sometimes when you're when you get a survey invitation and it's a zero, I'm pretty sure you just get out of there. Right? I mean you don't even you don't even doing.
that's what I do. I keep clicking because we uh the the researcher is barely adding on you know the spots. I didn't know this before. But one of the guys he told me about he said you know what don't leave the uh you know the survey just keep on clicking. You know do now do now And obviously you know it's it's not gonna happen all the time. But you know it's. Yeah
Yeah that's good. These pay pretty good these pay decent the
you
know when you when you you know when you do the live chat you be good and then um you know what I was going to give you another one that I do before you leave with. Well we're past the time. Huh? Time flies man. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. You mean you mean the ones that pay you? Yeah I have one of those those those are pretty awesome because I mean you don't do anything but just have it hooked on and they pay you. Um I do you know what I don't remember the name of the coming because I mean it's not like I go into the website all the time right? The only time I go to the website is when they let me know when I can when I can take out my my, you know, whatever earnings I get
both.
Let me let me go ahead and check. I'm pretty sure that it's not gonna be hold on, but let me let me well, the other one that I do is paid viewpoint. That one is pretty good too. And it actually,
it's yeah, paid viewpoint, I mean that that one is not going to give you much, but it's gonna go and the bad part about this one is that you really have to go on their website to keep checking and see if they have um any surveys available, which I don't mind, you know, because usually this, you know, the prolific gets pretty slow and then you know, you just wanna, you're not, you know, sometimes I don't have anything to do. So I go into the to the pay viewpoint. The only thing about the pay viewpoint is that they only pay you through like walmart card. I buy a lot of an amazon. So you know I usually get the amazon cards which
is
um you can um You can withdraw I think when you reach $15 bucks every 15 bucks and withdraw from this one, I I enjoy this one and you know what you there's a there's a website where you can go on and sometimes they usually update the uh the survey companies, it's called Survey Police. I'm pretty, I don't know if you've been in there. Yeah, you should go on there and let me go and see. Let me let me check and see if the if the name is is on that box. Yeah
that's on there. It's a digital reflection.
digital reflection is the one that I do for the for the internet.
Yeah man, I mean, you know, I'm pretty sure you're going to be busy with all these um different websites.
I
mean, you
know what, I never could have imagined that sometimes, you know what I get, it gets me upset sometimes of all the work that I get some. You know, sometimes, I mean it's sometimes it's just too much. Um and you know what, who could have ever expected it? Right. I mean sometimes you're like waiting. Like, let's say for example, in prolific, you're like, wow. You know, I haven't got anything the whole day. It hasn't, it happened. Yeah. With me now. Huh?
You know,
You know what
they tried
to
they
they try
to
get
you. I mean, I've noticed that sometimes you're doing one, wow and you got another survey. You haven't, you know, you didn't get any the whole day, but you're doing a servant and you get another one, wow.
That's kind of upsetting. You
know what I was gonna I was gonna let you know with a pine cone. If if if you notice that they say that you don't because they you have to basically fill out the application when you go into the website. And sometimes what happens with that with that company is that they're basically looking for certain ages age groups. So if they tell you, You know what, we're not looking for. These people just take out maybe 10 years out of your age and maybe they'll accept you. That's what I did. That's what I did. Yeah. That's the only bad thing about the pine cone. And sometimes
they
tell you, oh,
you know
what?
All right man.
Listen,
you said what?
Well,
you know
what survey police is just a website were basically it shows you the The best like I'm gonna give you like the best five and survey websites and and what I like about that one is basically it gives you it shows updates maybe every month. I mean not so often but it kind of gives you an idea what's out there. Right.
What are the good companies and what are the bad survey websites? I mean and it's usually good for people that you know they're starting out and you know because I mean when I started I mean I was basically doing like these wack survey websites that I wasn't really making much. But I mean but I've been doing this for maybe I honestly feel like eight or 9 years already. So you know what I kinda have kind of have an idea of how this works man.
Not a problem
man.
you're
gonna I'm pretty sure you're gonna make a lot more now with these other companies.
Yeah I mean I mean you're gonna stay you're gonna be pretty busy after you know you start trying out these these companies are. Yeah
yeah but I mean like the mary Speak you can go on there but it's usually uh invitation only. Yeah these are the companies that kind of you get them on over the mail. And that's
the first company I tried is um as a mary Speak that's that's the first company I started working with. Oh you know what I forgot to tell you one opinion you can try that one as well.
One
opinion I stopped working with them because what happens with with that company? I was I was working with them for like eight months but they kind of they kind of know you know they noticed, I'm pretty sure you've done it. You try to, sometimes you speed up the survey right to finish faster.
You can't yeah you gotta you gotta take your time with them because they'll they'll they won't give you a strike, they'll they'll basically let you go and whatever you have. They try to get me on. I think I had 100 bucks. These guys you make serious money with one opinion because what they have is that you make like kind of like
what we're doing now but it's a whole it's a big group And they pay you um sometimes they remember they pay me $40 an hour. Just they basically what they do is that they they bring out a certain product and they just basically want you to be uh giving your opinion throughout the hour with a group of people. Yeah, that's
what
one
opinion
does.
They they all they basically want you to do is just, you know, you gotta you gotta be typing for a whole hour. That's that's the only thing and they pay you $40. But like I said, I mean I I work with them twice because I had to you know, change my you know the age the same thing with pine cone. Now. They got me again, man. So you know what, I didn't even mess with them no more, man. But you know what? Maybe you'll have better luck than me, man.
All
man. It was nice
talking
to you, man.
You Have A Good one.
All