SPEAKER_L: Okay, wow. Uh huh. Oh oh well okay. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Mhm. So mhm, mm hmm. Mhm mm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, you're just in your car.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I came up to my sister's house and she was like, hey can you run with me to the store real quick? I was like his arms were back before one. Yeah. Say we're not back yet.
SPEAKER_R: That's all good. I literally just came from a grocery store too.
SPEAKER_L: she's inside shopping. I was like, if you're not back by the time I'm done, I'll come find you.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so that's funny. Oh man. So oh man yeah my first my first like conversation thing, like the other person didn't show up so I was like darn so yeah, this is my second attempt and I'm glad that it worked out.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, it's awesome. I that's the most frustrating part is like you get on and you're like, all right, let's hopefully show up. And then like five minutes later still not like I'm that weird. I'll wait like seven minutes because like I've had technical difficulties getting my computer loaded. And so I always give that like extra leeway in hopes that just maybe they'll show up and then of course
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I waited like eight minutes and there was like at one point like a black screen came up and then it went away and I was like oh my God, come on man. Just
SPEAKER_L: and alright sex,
SPEAKER_R: that? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so this is, this is your second one now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My second,
SPEAKER_L: That's cool. This is my fourth and I think you can do six. So what was that? That marker? So how long have you been doing a like prolific and whatnot for?
SPEAKER_R: I literally just started like last month because my friend introduced me to it right? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: How do you want to get so far?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, it's I mean like any time on board I'm like let's see if there's any studies going on and then yeah, that's been good. Yeah. About you when you start
SPEAKER_L: I've been doing it for about a year now so we're coming up on that year marker. And
SPEAKER_R: price
SPEAKER_L: I mean I was actually just telling my sister about it. She was like you know what's the focus group for? Like you know does it actually you know like do you make money doing? So I was like yeah dude like legit like by
SPEAKER_R: in our
SPEAKER_L: the time you finished all six studies you make a little over 100 bucks for 45 minutes of your time each time. Like I don't know too many people that make that kind of money. So not too bad. What about are you located like
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: whole,
SPEAKER_L: state are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from texas but I'm in like pennsylvania right now because I'm a college like off camera. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: how do you like it in pennsylvania. I'm getting ready to move to Maine in two months.
SPEAKER_R: Who um pains were up right? I forget. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So it's not, it's like northeast of you.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Um Yeah, it just rains here a lot. It's like well I'm in Philly so it's like oh my God it's so humid. I didn't um I didn't escape that humidity back from texas but yeah. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it gets pretty cold. I mean it's starting actually. Today was kind of warm but it's starting to get cold now sunsetting at like six or whatever. Um Man. But yeah, weather's whether it's doing okay and
SPEAKER_L: that's good.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I think yeah, I feel he's doing pretty good are okay ish better than texas on Covid so you know, I'll take it. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: There are things I guess great. Like it's like I'm in California so people say covid and I'm like unless you live here, you can talk unless you live in new york then in which case you know what it's like out this way? And that way I talked to the guy, he said he was in ah uh where was it? Uh totally brain friday. Um Missouri and he was like, oh yeah, we had like 20 new cases this
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: week. I said did we get like 50 new cases a day? Like he was like, no, I was like, yeah, that's why I like literally we're still locked down on like almost everything that the exception of like essential businesses are still open. Crazy.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I don't even know how much texas is doing. It's probably still really bad man. Everyone is just it's so frustrating like seeing like they have a mask on but then they pull it down under their nose and I'm like bro come on. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't understand that. Like I mean I hate wearing a mess just as much as the next person. But truly you're defeating the purpose. If as I'm talking to you ladies walking into her car down her mask, it's like this both her and the guys
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: who with
SPEAKER_R: I won't scream at them but like I don't know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I just I don't understand it. I mean I I get like you don't want to wear it but realistically wearing it under your nose. Does absolutely nothing. Like mm But I guess like, I mean here in California, like like at least 90% of the people here were all just so sick of it. Like like we acknowledge. Yes. It is a very real virus but it's like old governors. So just freaking crazy that I mean people are just like, that's it. Like can we just please open up like here in California, you can go to the bar as long as it's a bar and grill in order like the ships and you can have a beer. But if you try to go to a regular bar and just have a beer that's a no go. But I could go to the bar and eat chips in order a beer. But I can't just go to the bar and have a beer. It's just nonsense. Like his requirement is now like between like if you're eating at a restaurant between each bite you have to just like lift your mess, show your spoonful in and put your clothes back on. What difference does it think? It's just crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Ah Well uh we'll see I'm also with schools like I don't even know like when we're gonna be just like on campus again probably I know for sure not next semester but maybe if we get our shit together like by next year we can but yeah it's just like really frustrating.
SPEAKER_L: Try having kids you have to put in school. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Not to like the fact that colleges are not allowing like students on campus but like elementary and like middle school and high schools, they're like yeah come over like kids are messy, like they're sticky like they're gonna transport like every everywhere. So it's like, oh man, Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Very. Let's see from like where we're at here that we just reopened some schools, A lot of schools are still shut down. Like my nieces and nephews for example, their school is completely shut down. Like in their county no schools are open. It's all online education.
SPEAKER_R: that's good.
SPEAKER_L: My niece is five. Okay, let me start by saying that five. She had like one of those little baby toy cameras that squirts water out, sitting on her little desk in her bedroom.
SPEAKER_R: I'm,
SPEAKER_L: Her teeth are kicked her out of her classroom because it's against school policy to record the class
SPEAKER_R: but,
SPEAKER_L: five
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: in kindergarten in her own bedroom was just kicked out of her kindergarten class for having a little camera. Like when I say little this thing is like maybe that big and you can literally see where it literally has the little squirt gun nozzle and the little hole in the front where the water shoots out.
SPEAKER_R: that's correct.
SPEAKER_L: But you know, the phonograph just got kicked out of class because she's trying to record a video. Like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: she doesn't even know how to type. Are you kidding me?
SPEAKER_R: that was great.
SPEAKER_L: All right, come on. It's not like people I feel like they've taken it to the extreme out here. Like I understand. Yes, it is very real. We need to be, you know, cautious about things. But I mean, you gotta you gotta work with the parents here. You know, like as difficult as it is for the teachers having to teach, you know, online classes. Put yourself in the parents shoes, especially you've got four kids whose
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: classes are all starting at different times. All right. I mean, I I got my boy, he's in fifth grade and rather than just having like, I mean when I was in fifth grade, I had one teacher, the top all the subjects who took care of everything. He's got four different teachers who all want to do their zoom classes at four different times of the day. And it's just like, this is nuts. Like I have four kids to get through this with and PCI start doing, I'm gonna lose track. It's
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's it. And like, do they like pass out like laptops or anything like?
SPEAKER_L: so their school just now just now literally started assigning laptops to the students. And so the students that couldn't log in, you know, prior to getting a laptop, they are literally like, my niece had to make up all the first eight weeks of school, otherwise they were going to fail her. I'm like, are you kidding me? Like because she didn't have a school laptop, like they wouldn't use her home computer or her home laptop. It had to be the school laptop.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wait, that's so,
SPEAKER_L: And I'm like, what difference does it make? It's got a camera, it's got a keyboard, you can hear her, you can see her, she can get her work done. But no, it had to be the school's laptop that they're using.
SPEAKER_R: That is
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: weird. What the heck? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And people in California are nuts. That's why we're getting out of here. But then again, like, so like my family's from back east and like the pacific northwest. So our family, like my dad was stationed, he was a marine and so he got stationed all over the US but they ended up in Washington for a bit and then literally shooting straight across to quantico Virginia and then finally down here in California. And so we just decided, you know, let's go back east. We like the weather people as much as like California don't say, oh, people from back East are rude. No, not even close,
SPEAKER_R: Blue.
SPEAKER_L: not unless you're new.
SPEAKER_R: What part of California from or are you at right now I guess?
SPEAKER_L: Orange County. So I live like five minutes from Knott's Berry Farm, 10 minutes from Disneyland. So yeah, so we're like right in the heart and that's like the crummy part. Like none of our theme parks are allowed to be open, but yet you can go to a winery, a glass of white, like your foot detain only. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mm.
SPEAKER_L: So are things like really like strict and locked down out there in pennsylvania right now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um not really, like not in Philly at least like we're able to now, a lot of restaurants are doing like our outdoor dining. um people are like still walking about, I mean they're still like I live on so I live off campus and there's like a lot of bad people like bad guys
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: and I it's so annoying. They're always it's always the guys who are like big and mask and they're like oh man we don't need no mask like and they like never wear masks and I just really want to be like bro just wear it. But um yeah I think Phillies yeah I mean they're doing okay. Yeah. Oh
SPEAKER_L: do you guys see a lot of like new cases rising out that way
SPEAKER_R: um I don't actually know should probably look it up. But yeah I get tested at school like every week for it so like I'm
SPEAKER_L: there. Look,
SPEAKER_R: yeah so they give out free testing every single week there like now you got to do that so man Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: wow, that's crazy. Yeah, my daughter is a Taekwondo dodging. They just started a new thing that in order for like, so before they were just doing like the temperature checks now they want to nasal swab everyone they're going to provide a free clinic, have them set up shop and everything and every other 14 days they want the kids being tested. I was like, do you really think I'm gonna subject a three year old to that test every other week? Yeah. Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah man
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: brother.
SPEAKER_L: can't just pick it up. Like
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: if she's in school, that's one thing, but just like something extra curricular. Yeah. Yeah. I really cannot justify that because it's no fun having to hold her down and pretty much just torture the heck out of her for that because I mean, she squirm and she doesn't want, I mean, heck, I don't even want to do it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I know
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: the last test that I did. Holy it made me cry, I was like lady oh my god I was like yeah literally hurt me but yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it's crazy like because I mean somebody's and I get it like they're overworked, they're tired. I had one done. I saw it. I even asked the lady, I said, so did you hit my eyeball or not? Because she was like, what? I like literally felt it like in my brain, I didn't even have a chance to like blink, flinch nothing. And it's like we got home and I had a migraine. Like it was
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah did you say
SPEAKER_L: What are you studying in a school right now?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing design because
SPEAKER_L: Like if you're a designer?
SPEAKER_R: I'm not quite sure. Yeah I still need to like explore more. Um But yeah I like I was I feel like I'm more fine arts in that direction but like I think designs more practical so I just stuck with that. But yeah I love to like paint and like draw and stuff like that. Um Probably inching towards graphic design but we'll see, we'll see. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That was my major, I majored in fine art, that was focused on photography and then I minored in criminal justice two completely
SPEAKER_R: Whoa.
SPEAKER_L: opposite into the tech name. So
SPEAKER_R: Waiting with
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I think, no, I was just saying, I figured if I don't make it as a photographer, I at least have a criminal justice degree to fall back on.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's cool. Yeah I'm taking criminology right? A cream called.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I want,
SPEAKER_R: it's pretty interesting.
SPEAKER_L: I'm very fascinated. Like, so like for a while I wanted to work with the behavioral unit in the FBI and I love knowing what makes people tick. Like I am utterly fascinated with what causes a person to do what they do and why the heck they decided to do it, you know? Like I mean it's interesting studying like sociopaths compared to psychopaths and narcissists compared to just completely vain people. Like why are you this way? Like there's just something about it that I can't explain very eloquently but it's fascinating to me. And so that's why I went down the road of criminal justice. And I remember my criminology professor, it was like if anyone wants to go down to the FBI office in Los Angeles, I have a connection. Dude. I think I was there like every other week just picking their brains pretty sure every FBI agent in that office was sick of me because I was there like all the time I'm just picking their brains about it because it's fascinating.
SPEAKER_R: that's such a cool experience staying. Yeah well yeah I know I'm just I'm just doing the basic crim it was like a requirement and then like for one of our sections and I was like wait this sounds really cool so I just like tried it out and like yeah I'm having it, it's like I think we're learning about like policing and gangs right now. Yeah it's been
SPEAKER_L: that's fun.
SPEAKER_R: fun subject yeah so
SPEAKER_L: I think one of my favorite subjects, sorry, was when we began studying serial killers because my professor, I will never forget her lisa cons. She literally took us all to a bar. She says how many people here drink who doesn't drink. And so she got a picture of soda and then like seven pitchers of beer and literally filled up everyone's mugs with, you know, whatever their drink of choice was. And we played this game where you had to, you know, pick a serial, like someone starts with picking a serial killer
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: then you had to pick another serial killer who killed more people than that last. And so she made learning so much fun. Like an I don't know any other teacher that has ever done that. No professor, no teacher. But she took it to the point where literally I remember things about people look at me like I'm not like, okay, what are you? Some
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: crazy serial killer. But it's just one of the things it's stuck with you, you know, and is so much fun. That
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: had to have been my favorite class I ever took.
SPEAKER_R: wow that's like yeah dang that's really fun. All right. No
SPEAKER_L: that's it.
SPEAKER_R: it's just man all these like lectures. Yeah I feel like I wish my professors were more creative. I mean I guess now it's like online learning it's like uh what can you do? But yeah man wait so are you a photographer now or did you go?
SPEAKER_L: I am what I've been. So I started my senior year in high school working for a company. By the time I graduated high school, I went from just being like a tech to being an actual photographer. And then two years later I launched my own business and I've been doing it ever since.
SPEAKER_R: Whoa
SPEAKER_L: I figure
SPEAKER_R: this one
SPEAKER_L: God forbid anything ever happens to where I can't be a photographer anymore. At least have my criminal justice degree to fall back on and I could go to the courthouse or something. There's no matter what the coin, there's always going to be a court. Well you
SPEAKER_R: Wait
SPEAKER_L: would think
SPEAKER_R: can I see her work given much time or something?
SPEAKER_L: I do. But at the moment my, so my neighbor is reconstructing it for me. So, um, but it's Jenna Joyce photography dot C. O
SPEAKER_R: And then
SPEAKER_L: because dot com is already taken.
SPEAKER_R: wait
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: till you smell Joyce
SPEAKER_L: J O Y
SPEAKER_R: T okay.
SPEAKER_L: So I don't know if it's up right now because he's working on it for me. So I am actually really stuck because he was like, oh, I can put all this new stuff to where you can actually just have like an online gallery and everything and you know, you can do it all because I'm not very tech savvy. I'm great with a camera. Give me a computer. I guarantee you I will crash it for you. No questions asked. I am not like, I just as horrible as that. I just learned what that Tiktok, is that what it's called? I just learned what that was. My niece was like, oh, angie, you don't know what this is. No, she was like, uh she had to like break it down to show it to me was like, yep, now I officially feel stupid. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: here. I don't know. It's Oh yeah. Dr split. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: it's like, she'll sing thing, she'll like, she'll say words like she was like, oh, that girl so salty and I was thinking like, you can smell how bad she stinks. I didn't know that Salty was like the way she was describing her attitude. It was like, what the heck Yeah, you officially make me feel old now. Like I didn't feel old until my niece decided to start talking really normal. Oh boy. Oh boy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, let's talk this. I'm not gonna lie. It's really great. Yeah. One of my videos actually did so well but like I haven't been keeping up with it but it got like 1.5 million views and I was like, well that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: no, from local.
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: So is it kind of like, like with Youtube and all these other social media sites, like the more views you get on a video, you can actually start getting paid for it.
SPEAKER_R: oh no, no. Well the only you can get paid with Tiktok is if you go alive um so like you literally like just turn on your camera and you like, or like people can watch you and you're just like online and then you can get like donations or whatever. But no, Um it's just like you just post it and then you can get, you can a massive following, but you can also link your social media, like other social media is to your account. So then you can like bring all your audience from Tiktok to like Youtube or like instagram where you can actually make money. But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: interesting. That's very fascinating. So you can get a big ass following on Tiktok and then bring them over to instagram that has like one follower next year. You're getting paid
SPEAKER_R: Well if you get like sponsors on instagram then yeah, you can get paid, but
SPEAKER_L: shows how much I know I know the equal post pictures on there. That's about
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: my life, revolves around my photography and my three year old. So as far as all this social media, like, my sister jokes with me all the time. She's like, do you still have a myspace? I was like, I've been deleted it. Like, it's just gets there. I don't even remember what the login is, but it's there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's Yeah. Oh man, I'm seeing your, it's john and Joyce dot net. Right?
SPEAKER_L: dot C O
SPEAKER_R: Oh, see Oh. Oh, I've been looking at someone else.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. I don't think it's up right now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So he just started working on it last night. So I'd say give it maybe a day or two because he's very, hopefully get it up and running by that because I didn't know you could do like all that stuff and put like an online gallery where people can just order from there. I'm like, oh well, what do you know? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: we want, you can take a look at my portfolio website. Um It's weird.
SPEAKER_L: there we go. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so it's blue jay, but it's felt really weird. Um
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: like blu J E E Y Wick site. So it's like wi ex S. I. T. E. Dot com slash portfolios. And yeah it's just like I literally just made this because I had to apply to like a job. I applied to Congress so and they're like we need a portfolio and I was like okay. And so I just like made my website, we'll pick that. Yeah. Let's Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: that's where I first started with my website was on Wix and so that's why he's now finally build me an actual sites. I mean, he was like, oh yeah, we could just use javascript for this and we'll html that and lynette system. Like bro,
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I have no idea what the hell you're talking about, You could be talking about the world's best thing, and I got no clue. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: One of my roommates is computer science major and she was like talking about all of that too and I'm like I'm just gonna do weeks man. I don't know anything about.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I just need something that I can just, you know, pre-med let me just put my pictures on there and call it a happy day the end. But yeah, Alex is one of those things where it's like, it's great for like, when you're just starting, you want to get things up and running. But now, like, we wanted to take it to a whole new level. It helps having someone that can build this for me because I'm saving a shit ton of money and being, it's one of those things where no matter how I flipped the coin with Wix, I can only do so much with this was literally building it from scratch so I can customize it the way I want, you know, I can have it look, you know, whatever colors I want with whatever templates in the background. And so it's like the pictures that I sent him for the background are all my actual work. And so,
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: because I do a unique style of photography, like so a lot of my canvases, our uh paintings that I've done, but I will actually transfer some of my photos from just like paper and do like a transfer onto the actual canvas. So you're getting my painting with the photography, all of the one. And so it ends up, it looks, in my opinion, looks really cool because
SPEAKER_R: Hope
SPEAKER_L: it's not
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: got,
SPEAKER_L: you typically see and it's a unique and rare medium because it's like you're getting both the paint aspect of it while also having the photography aspect. And you would never I mean you would never think that you would combine those two things, you know? So that's a turn fund.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: And I think what
SPEAKER_R: Yeah maybe I'll check your website tomorrow to see it because like I'm actually really interested in looking at seeing that. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have I think no, I don't I wouldn't say I think it might have some of my stuff on my instagram. But I don't
SPEAKER_R: Wouldn't
SPEAKER_L: because I just
SPEAKER_R: walk.
SPEAKER_L: recently revamp it it's like I've got like some of just like my plane photography on there, but I don't think I have any of my canvas up. So Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Happy.
SPEAKER_L: Um I don't know what time we started and I have a horrible habit of forgetting to set a timer.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I think it's been 25 minutes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Because I mean it says it's my clock is showing 1 25. But when I go back to the other page, it says we've only been talking for five minutes. Yeah, I know we're talking further. Pretty sure that's primer is wrong.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, mindsets 26. So we're all good. But yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well, good luck with thanks.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you so much. It was so nice to you. Got to work.
SPEAKER_L: Like one best of luck to you and
SPEAKER_R: Thanks. You, too.
SPEAKER_L: all right. Have a good one.
SPEAKER_R: You too.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.