Hi, you're just in your car.
That's all good. I literally just came from a grocery store too.
Okay, so that's funny. Oh man. So oh man yeah my first my first like conversation thing, like the other person didn't show up so I was like darn so yeah, this is my second attempt and I'm glad that it worked out.
Yeah, I waited like eight minutes and there was like at one point like a black screen came up and then it went away and I was like oh my God, come on man. Just
that? Yeah.
Yeah. My second,
I literally just started like last month because my friend introduced me to it right? Yeah.
Oh yeah, it's I mean like any time on board I'm like let's see if there's any studies going on and then yeah, that's been good. Yeah. About you when you start
price
in our
the
whole,
I'm from texas but I'm in like pennsylvania right now because I'm a college like off camera. Yeah.
Who um pains were up right? I forget. Yeah.
Mhm. Um Yeah, it just rains here a lot. It's like well I'm in Philly so it's like oh my God it's so humid. I didn't um I didn't escape that humidity back from texas but yeah. Yeah
it gets pretty cold. I mean it's starting actually. Today was kind of warm but it's starting to get cold now sunsetting at like six or whatever. Um Man. But yeah, weather's whether it's doing okay and
yeah, I think yeah, I feel he's doing pretty good are okay ish better than texas on Covid so you know, I'll take it. Yeah
What?
yeah. I don't even know how much texas is doing. It's probably still really bad man. Everyone is just it's so frustrating like seeing like they have a mask on but then they pull it down under their nose and I'm like bro come on. Mhm.
like
I won't scream at them but like I don't know. Yeah.
Yeah. Ah Well uh we'll see I'm also with schools like I don't even know like when we're gonna be just like on campus again probably I know for sure not next semester but maybe if we get our shit together like by next year we can but yeah it's just like really frustrating.
Not to like the fact that colleges are not allowing like students on campus but like elementary and like middle school and high schools, they're like yeah come over like kids are messy, like they're sticky like they're gonna transport like every everywhere. So it's like, oh man, Yeah.
that's good.
I'm,
but,
but
that's correct.
What?
that was great.
And
Yeah, that's it. And like, do they like pass out like laptops or anything like?
Oh wait, that's so,
That is
weird. What the heck? Yeah.
Blue.
What part of California from or are you at right now I guess?
Mm.
Yeah. Um not really, like not in Philly at least like we're able to now, a lot of restaurants are doing like our outdoor dining. um people are like still walking about, I mean they're still like I live on so I live off campus and there's like a lot of bad people like bad guys
and I it's so annoying. They're always it's always the guys who are like big and mask and they're like oh man we don't need no mask like and they like never wear masks and I just really want to be like bro just wear it. But um yeah I think Phillies yeah I mean they're doing okay. Yeah. Oh
um I don't actually know should probably look it up. But yeah I get tested at school like every week for it so like I'm
yeah so they give out free testing every single week there like now you got to do that so man Yeah.
Yeah man
brother.
No.
Yeah I know
the last test that I did. Holy it made me cry, I was like lady oh my god I was like yeah literally hurt me but yeah. Mhm.
Hello?
Yeah did you say
I'm doing design because
I'm not quite sure. Yeah I still need to like explore more. Um But yeah I like I was I feel like I'm more fine arts in that direction but like I think designs more practical so I just stuck with that. But yeah I love to like paint and like draw and stuff like that. Um Probably inching towards graphic design but we'll see, we'll see. Yeah.
Whoa.
Waiting with
Yeah that's cool. Yeah I'm taking criminology right? A cream called.
it's pretty interesting.
that's such a cool experience staying. Yeah well yeah I know I'm just I'm just doing the basic crim it was like a requirement and then like for one of our sections and I was like wait this sounds really cool so I just like tried it out and like yeah I'm having it, it's like I think we're learning about like policing and gangs right now. Yeah it's been
fun subject yeah so
You're
good
but
what
wow that's like yeah dang that's really fun. All right. No
it's just man all these like lectures. Yeah I feel like I wish my professors were more creative. I mean I guess now it's like online learning it's like uh what can you do? But yeah man wait so are you a photographer now or did you go?
Whoa
this one
Wait
can I see her work given much time or something?
And then
wait
till you smell Joyce
T okay.
here. I don't know. It's Oh yeah. Dr split. Oh.
Yeah, let's talk this. I'm not gonna lie. It's really great. Yeah. One of my videos actually did so well but like I haven't been keeping up with it but it got like 1.5 million views and I was like, well that's cool.
Well,
oh no, no. Well the only you can get paid with Tiktok is if you go alive um so like you literally like just turn on your camera and you like, or like people can watch you and you're just like online and then you can get like donations or whatever. But no, Um it's just like you just post it and then you can get, you can a massive following, but you can also link your social media, like other social media is to your account. So then you can like bring all your audience from Tiktok to like Youtube or like instagram where you can actually make money. But yeah.
Well if you get like sponsors on instagram then yeah, you can get paid, but
it's
Yeah, that's Yeah. Oh man, I'm seeing your, it's john and Joyce dot net. Right?
Oh, see Oh. Oh, I've been looking at someone else.
Oh yeah. I don't think it's up right now. Yeah.
we want, you can take a look at my portfolio website. Um It's weird.
Okay, so it's blue jay, but it's felt really weird. Um
like blu J E E Y Wick site. So it's like wi ex S. I. T. E. Dot com slash portfolios. And yeah it's just like I literally just made this because I had to apply to like a job. I applied to Congress so and they're like we need a portfolio and I was like okay. And so I just like made my website, we'll pick that. Yeah. Let's Oh my gosh.
I don't know.
One of my roommates is computer science major and she was like talking about all of that too and I'm like I'm just gonna do weeks man. I don't know anything about.
It's
Hope
you
got,
Oh my gosh.
Yeah maybe I'll check your website tomorrow to see it because like I'm actually really interested in looking at seeing that. Yeah. Uh huh.
Wouldn't
walk.
Happy.
Oh yeah, I think it's been 25 minutes. Yeah.
Yeah, mindsets 26. So we're all good. But yeah.
Thank you so much. It was so nice to you. Got to work.
Thanks. You, too.
You too.