SPEAKER_L: it's good. Let's get Gari like a Tarantino movie. I don't want to fuck it out. Can we talk it out? Can sweep me up all night? We could take up. Yes. Sick about the pickle. Hello? Yeah. Okay. Oh sorry so yeah. Uh Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. How you doing?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing well. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing all right. I was taking a nap and they kind of overstepped a little bit. Hence my being it.
SPEAKER_L: no, no worry. Last time I was supposed to meet with someone they don't even show up. So it's very nice to meet you
SPEAKER_R: Oh man. That's sad. How many times before have you done this?
SPEAKER_L: just once.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah it's my third time. And the
SPEAKER_L: Arlen
SPEAKER_R: first two times were really good actually. I'm getting conversations.
SPEAKER_L: awesome. That's really cool to meet to hear. Well, nice to meet you. My name is Denise. Uh Let's see.
SPEAKER_R: My name is Brandy. All the
SPEAKER_L: making
SPEAKER_R: tricky.
SPEAKER_L: Brana me
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. 100 then.
SPEAKER_L: Rihanna do how do you spell that?
SPEAKER_R: But Bur
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: H. A. N. U. D. D. I. N.
SPEAKER_L: Dean, you're Hannity. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Can you see your name for me in return?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. D. O. Niece.
SPEAKER_R: The onus. Okay. Cool. Nice. Where you from? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I'm from the US, I'm from I'm living in Wisconsin right now.
SPEAKER_R: That's dope. Nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_R: Um I live in Houston
SPEAKER_L: And where?
SPEAKER_R: and he said yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Have you always lived in Houston?
SPEAKER_R: Uh well it's been a while since we've been here. So 12, 13 years in Houston. Before that we lived in Kansas for that. We lived in Pakistan for a couple of years and before that we were back in the U. S. So muslim. The U. S. Yeah. What about what about yourself, have you been responsible for a while?
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah about a decade now. Before that Puerto rico and before that florida. Yeah. So just traveling.
SPEAKER_R: Do you remember living in florida? From florida? Were you little or what?
SPEAKER_L: Mm I was little. I do remember a little bit but not as much but yeah just everyone spoke spanish uh you know food was very good rather than that. No one else.
SPEAKER_R: No I imagine you speak spanish too.
SPEAKER_L: I do. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: but you do cook another language.
SPEAKER_R: Um We speak at homeless people right there. Um and my dad was from Pakistan so he spoke order with his friends so I understand some will do as well.
SPEAKER_L: Mm Gotcha. That's cool. So you mainly speak Dzhokhar? The you said at home,
SPEAKER_R: What do I think?
SPEAKER_L: do you have to think? How do you spell that? I'd like to learn.
SPEAKER_R: G. U. J. They are 80. I
SPEAKER_L: Just give me a sec to write it down. G U. J. A. And
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: they are.
SPEAKER_R: 80.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Okay. Majority. All right. Cool. Mm. All right. Cool. Well yeah this is my first time. There's not really any questions we have to talk about. Right? It's just conversation.
SPEAKER_R: No let's talk about everyone.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. That's
SPEAKER_R: What do you do?
SPEAKER_L: what do I do? Ooh that's always a fun question. Um right now in life I am working on um progressing all of humanity towards a state of pure love and enlightenment. I call it late. Yeah. I don't, I'm not working for say right now. You are studying uh kind of let go of those like social constructs for now. It's been a weird transition period right now through this.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How do you spend your days?
SPEAKER_L: Mm Also another fun question. Yeah, I spend my days. Um, let me think I have a morning routine recently. I'm very proud of it in the morning routine includes actually going outside. I'd like to spend time with my cat. She's here right now. If you'd like to say, hey
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: comes
SPEAKER_R: loved you.
SPEAKER_L: to hair, this is my cat, ruby come up. This is miss ruby. Um,
SPEAKER_R: Hi ruby.
SPEAKER_L: they high, she like, we like to go outside, meditate stretch, say gratitude towards life. So his existence uh, plans have a garden now. It's exciting the
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: sun and moon, you know, and everything in between. And then I, uh throughout my day I do different, you know, cleaning cooking, taking care of my mom right now. She's going through some health problems and do a little bit of volunteer stuff, helped people learn english. You know mostly spanish speakers learn english and recently got into some activism work in my hometown. Wow, you know advocating for social rights towards political uh uh to towards liberty and just social awareness or awareness of like local governments here in my little conservative hometown. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What do you think we're lacking in terms of political freedom or whatever?
SPEAKER_L: Mm Well just awareness and like even like um uh this was back together my thoughts. I would
SPEAKER_R: Take your time.
SPEAKER_L: thank you. Um I definitely want, you know, I'm still like learning all the processes and all terminologies I don't fully understand and I don't think anybody else really does about whether U. S. Government, how it really works like procedure, what you do if you want to make change. So I think that it's really important that we involve everybody as possible and not just like having elected officials to make all those decisions for us because that, that's not how it should be in my opinion. So I think we're lacking a lot of local involvement from everyone more than just like voting. Yeah. What about
SPEAKER_R: Do.
SPEAKER_L: you? What your days look like?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My days are um not super exciting. I currently am like I don't have a job. I am
SPEAKER_L: Problem.
SPEAKER_R: very at home. I just graduated recently from college.
SPEAKER_L: How can that?
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah. Thank you. That was a weird four years. I don't know if I really enjoyed it, but you know, it's all enough. Uh huh. Yeah. Well, I'm going to start a this like online part time job in a few weeks, a tutoring job. Otherwise I am working towards becoming a teacher.
SPEAKER_L: Towards a what?
SPEAKER_R: Becoming a teacher.
SPEAKER_L: Ah that's wonderful. It's really good to do it. Yeah. Well what are you planning to?
SPEAKER_R: I would like his math, otherwise science is fine too. I'm not super interesting teaching like literature or the arts or anything like that because I don't have any particular expertise there. Not that I'm like a science genius, but at least have taken some classes.
SPEAKER_L: So you're like more like hardcore facts and analytics
SPEAKER_R: I agree.
SPEAKER_L: as opposed to like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I do
SPEAKER_R: don't know. I don't know if I'd say that right. It's always a little bit crazy when somebody says like I'm purely objective or you know, I only listen to facts, I don't think that's strictly speaking possible for a human being and I don't I don't purport to be, you know, attached to reality or fact, they sometimes I just say what I feel is right and it's probably not well, you know, well grounded or
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: well thought through. Uh
SPEAKER_L: no, that's
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: interest.
SPEAKER_R: wouldn't say, yeah,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: wouldn't say
SPEAKER_L: oh sorry to interrupt as you were saying,
SPEAKER_R: I was just gonna say something again, go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I really like what about what you said about like, you know that you speak what you feel even if it doesn't feel like grounded or if it's based on cold facts because that in itself is true, that is true to yourself and that's true to you and like I think that's true to reality, like that's part of reality as opposed to like just cold hard facts all the time. Very interesting, wow, what age do you hope to teach?
SPEAKER_R: Um And what I've told people is I prefer older kids because you get to do like that's a more mature sounding topics. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: But I don't think, I don't mind, you
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: know, I don't think I want to teach kindergarten,
SPEAKER_L: what,
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: maybe like fifth grade and above, but yeah
SPEAKER_L: that's my answer, kindergarten teacher and most of
SPEAKER_R: let's
SPEAKER_L: her things
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: them.
SPEAKER_L: spent, you know, like yeah, coloring and like making connections but also telling kids not to show each other their private parts. So it yeah, it's a lot
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: more,
SPEAKER_R: interesting experience.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's more
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: of a,
SPEAKER_R: your own signs up for. I imagine
SPEAKER_L: it's awesome
SPEAKER_R: not exactly what one signs up for what they want to be a teacher I guess.
SPEAKER_L: but yep, yep. Or cleaning shit up off the walls or whatever. That's part of it. What
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: point?
SPEAKER_R: guess that becomes less of a problem now that everything is online. I don't know how you guys are you guys are opening in schools or not?
SPEAKER_L: mm that's been controversial topic over here. Oh my Yeah, well they went fully virtual, like mid March or something and that was like weird and transitional. So it wasn't, so, yeah, so she was teaching online, but it wasn't enforced for everyone. So she would have like a classroom of like Four kids or five kids show up to the zoom call when originally she would have like 25 or something. So that was weird. And then, you know, she's a little older, so she's like getting used to like the whole technology thing that was confusing. But then now that they're starting back up fully virtual again, um, which will be interesting. Again, I'm, I'm from a conservative town, from an older conservative town. So a lot of people were like, you know, more than just the conservatives and the old people were like arguing. You know, like, well, we should open up or we should have it. Like there should be a choice whether to go back in person or whether to go online.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How would that work? I mean teachers only one person. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. There's so much more work to be done that. Yeah and I get that I kind of do agree with that with the choice, but like seeing that might cut my aunt was struggling so much from like just keeping up with the online. Um I think that it just be easier if everybody goes back on through virtual teaching. Uh huh. Yeah, we'll see, we'll see how that goes. Oh no
SPEAKER_R: Where did you, did you study anything in college or?
SPEAKER_L: mm. Um I started off as a business management major which is okay and like I still learned some things from it but like then I went through like the spiritual kind of phase and like awakening or whatever you wanna call it. And I turned like extremely anti capitalist and I was like oh I probably shouldn't do this because I kept studying it thinking like oh well you know what if I have this knowledge, I could like use this to my advantage to like dismantle capitalism or something or like it or something and then I just realized that that wasn't my calling, not going to help me in that same.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I wanted to ask you because because of what you were talking about about being politically active and being changed, I'm a friend who is extremely well not extremely but I'd say he's a leftist Marxist whatever. Um and
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: seems like one of the themes of leftism, is that the solution is revolution not reform. So why do you like, it seems like you've been working in this is like bubble of reform. Why do you think that that's a good way to go about doing things? Oh
SPEAKER_L: That's really funny. You bring it up, I haven't had the chance to talk to anyone about this. I mean I think that reform is what's gonna create that solution now, you know, it's going to take awhile but it's what's going to happen now and that's important. But overall my goal and what I think the solution would be is a complete revolution, a complete change of the political structure that we have right now and then how that will affect us socially. And it's a weird like dichotomy because I don't even agree fully with all of the things that I'm helping with and supporting, but I agree with it more than just being complacent with what's going on right now. So it's Yeah at all.
SPEAKER_R: Were there to be cause for revolution would be ready to like arm yourself and fight? Yeah. It will probably won't be
SPEAKER_L: No, I know it's really sad. I I wanted to be I I want it to be completely pete. I can I imagine like humanity being completely peaceful the love and just being able to coexist but I know there will be a fight and yes, I'm ready to fight, not in the physical sense. Um I know it's not that I like it but I know how to use like psychological
SPEAKER_R: Nobody
SPEAKER_L: warfare get into a long time,
SPEAKER_R: use psychological
SPEAKER_L: you know what I mean? Like I'll be in the background like in people's ears like telling them what will say to make like the cops like hurt their feeling, there's something or kind of thing. Yeah I think that will be my expertise.
SPEAKER_R: Right that's hilarious. Holy shit. I know how to do, that's amazing.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah I'm not too proud of it but I know I can use that advantage at one point. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Or they have had adverse experiences with you like you fucked with them and they're like oh my God don't mess with this girl. Oh
SPEAKER_L: maybe we can save that for a different conversation but yes not too proud of it but yes so
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: said
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: what is it?
SPEAKER_L: yeah I know I have to use that kind of knowledge for yeah for what I stand for not just like for hurting people but yeah tell me about you. Where do you I mean yeah. Where do you stand politically? What are your beliefs in any sense? In any scale?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I wish I could, I wish I could tell you categorically one or the other. Um I think honestly if I'm looking at my life it's been a very privileged life. My dad was in position, we made a good amount of money, he always took care of us financially and he actually he died at the beginning of this year in february. Um and since then it's I mean we still have our house and we're still paying our bills. Yeah. And
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: in that sense like it's hard for me looking at my own personal experiences to lose faith
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: and capitalism because like my dad immigrated this immigrated to this country as a skilled worker and made a lot of money and did a lot of work behavior like doing. But yeah, just because I have lived a sheltered and highly like materially ok life doesn't mean that I you know, I have to ignore what people around here saying that people who are less fortunate than we are saying. So there is still bad. I don't want to see a revolutionary, don't even want to say radical, but there is still that kind of critical lens through which I try to, You know, I try to apprehend what America is, how it works, you know, how it benefits seven just not relevant everybody equally. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: Um and like I said, uh my closest friend has been over the last, I said three or four years been going through this personal journey of radicalization. He's met friends and read a lot of works that um I've pulled them in that direction and just by virtue of being in very close contact with them and you know wanting to understand what he thinks and what he thinks so he thinks and I have read a little and watched a lot about what about Marxism, Leninism etcetera. Uh and I find that yeah, I have, I have certainly never lived in anything other than America before, a significant amount of time. You know, I've been to India and lived there for a couple months each or a couple of years, you know in case of Pakistan, but I described these countries as still as capitalist, in that people are allowed to have properly and own you know, whatever you wanna call music production or whatever. Uh So I I don't know eventually what it feels like, what it could feel like to live in a country where where they're collectivized means of ownership, where economies are planned instead of, you know, instead of organized by markets, I don't even know if you want to call that organized, but yeah, so, so in that sense it's hard for me to see something and believe something that I've never seen. But it seems that there is a preponderance of evidence, at least from what I read and what I hear from, from those sources on the internet, that there is a way to plant economies, even if the economy is consist of tens of or hundreds of millions of people. And those plans can be good enough to trend in the direction of economic growth, industrialization, etcetera and be
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: good and like produce outputs that are not concentrated in in a few private hands, but in yeah, maybe not perfectly, but in most hands. Uh Yeah, and and they work overtly like intentionally to better the living conditions of all involved. So I'd like to do that is that is true and that could happen in the United States. But I'm not, you know, I doubt that throughout my life I will be the person in front of you know, leading strikes or forming unions or you know, leading armed revolution. I don't think that would be me, but I in the sense that I don't mind it happening, I won't be an enemy of it, but you know, if not doing anything means that you're an enemy of it, then sure it'll be, you know, I will in that sense, but I doubt that I will oppose it physically where to come.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I see I see we're coming from yeah interesting. Uh huh. So what do you, if you could you know like wave a wand and just improve something in the U. S. Some asked like what would you want to improve?
SPEAKER_R: Um I'd like for there to be freedom educationally for Children two learn, but also be like, I don't think kids are not learning, but I would like to learning to be pose in a way that emphasizes active doing instead of like like a two decades long process of preparing, you eventually learn how to do a work, but instead emphasizing that you are capable of the human being of doing productive, not productive, not doesn't have to be necessarily financially productive, right? But you can produce things that do things that before you graduate high school or whatever before somebody pays you for, allows you to do it. So I would like to, you know, if I could create something, it would be an education system centered on freeing kids from memorization. Not that memorization is always bad, always useless, but it should come as a natural byproduct of doing something many many times and not as what you do first and then you start doing the real world. If it arises from actually doing the real work then you know that then then like you may image to not be fun right? Learning things are not going to find that can be mentally paying for very taxing and um yeah, not going to be easy but there is the possibility of doing learning through doing and whatever needs to be memorized is memorized as a product of doing.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Oh I wholeheartedly agree. Oh my gosh. Yeah I yeah right there's so many, yeah just like the fact the schooling system right now is so skewed and like favors those that are more likely to have an easier time memorizing things then gives them a better grades, which then gives them more opportunities after high school and after school to pursue those job careers and stuff and yeah I wholeheartedly agree that we need a new curriculum, new school design. Have you ever heard of Monastery Montessori School?
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Well yeah my my aunt used to teach at that and she told me how I was, you know, it wasn't as much based on grade level as much as it was like groups of age and that. It was based more on projects as opposed to like uh curriculum, you know, like today we're going to be learning about turtles, like as opposed to her sitting in front of the classroom and saying like, OK, this is what's going up, this is what's up with turtles. You know, the kids would then have their own choice of what kind of projects they wanted to do to learn about turtles, whether that be, you know, like observe the turtle, a turtle that they have in the classroom or read about it or watch a video, do research and then they could all come together and teach each other about in the same ways uh and about the things that they learned through their own projects and stuff, which I think it was a better way, better school structure, especially for kids, so
SPEAKER_R: How long is that going to?
SPEAKER_L: I think it's only for elementary school, I'm not sure though. But um Yes.
SPEAKER_R: that's what I figured. But also I don't think they're very common but they're called Waldorf schools or something.
SPEAKER_L: yes, I heard of those. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There are also some kind of experiential project based stuff. I've never been. I don't know anybody who has so it's from the pictures and shit. Sounds like a kind of like a boozy thing to do. So maybe
SPEAKER_L: Six
SPEAKER_R: not not equal but not necessarily a bad idea either.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. What did you say? Gucci? Oh, like like a cost money kind of thing. Oh.
SPEAKER_R: Like you'd have to potentially send your kids to some kind of private Waldorf school. Again, not that that's a the school itself is bad or not producing good results, but yeah, that in itself means that some people are going to have access and some people want.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. So yeah, definitely for public schooling, that would be a great thing to implement.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But also like you have to imagine that it if the entire country if you want universal public education, then there has to be some component of maintaining standards, right? And one of those ways, open tanks, heritage is giving standardized tests, making these limited curricula limited sense that like there are these metrics that you have to imagine if you match them, we know that we're producing some kind of narrowly defined value. Whereas the more open the more risky prospect of saying allow kids to just fuck around for a little bit and figure it out. You know, you can imagine that that kind of I can just like make leaders feel uncertain about how solid of a product that they're they're making available for our students available. So I don't think it's easy and I don't think it's even gonna look good or beautiful palatable at all until it's integrated into being the sensible thing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I see. I didn't think about that. Yeah, standardized testings and like making sure that our students are learning what they need to learn, especially if it gets this project based and there would be much less like I would assume it be much less great focus come on. Um which will then will be harder to keep up with for teachers and all that bullshit. I mean, I mean, who knows? I am personally like against like standards and metrics and like competition, but I know that it's important. I know that we have to keep up make sure that we're producing knowledgeable citizens. I'm just not
SPEAKER_R: Work.
SPEAKER_L: sure that grades are always the best way to do with that. Mhm. So it's based on facts. Yeah. Can you tell me about that mass that's behind you?
SPEAKER_R: The mask. My sister got it from Mexico City. I thank you. And she went there with a friend for I don't know what a weekend or a week. I don't know. But she brought me this back. She's good about buying me gifts and she, if I went out I got another one too. I don't know what this one's from.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, nice. Okay, that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Uh I can't write, it might be from Morocco. He lived there for like here. Plus
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: she was working
SPEAKER_L: are.
SPEAKER_R: as a journalist there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Right. It is indeed. Sounds cool. I'm sure it was growing me. I mean I'm sure that wasn't quite as easy as it sounds cool as it sounds. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: You said you worked as a journalist?
SPEAKER_R: do it as a journalist yet. Uh Yeah the issue reported on oil and gas stuff and that allowed her to get a job here doing something in oil and gas nominally but completely different, started looking as like a data scientist even though she knew nothing but that, but it worked out and actually has a much better job.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, that's good to hear. Yeah. Have you ever traveled outside the US, you know, for pleasure?
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. I'm not a very proactive traveler myself but fortunately my dad was so we inside the US we've done a fair amount of traveling to Canada once or twice. Um We've gone south also poor for a cruise or something. He went to the Bahamas as well I guess that counts for something. Uh
SPEAKER_L: there's and uh, but yeah,
SPEAKER_R: India India and Pakistan, we went to visit family, we went to Saudi Arabia one time to do to do Umrah which is like a mini version of the hedge like
SPEAKER_L: we can
SPEAKER_R: the person
SPEAKER_L: do that.
SPEAKER_R: that we do.
SPEAKER_L: You wanted
SPEAKER_R: we went
SPEAKER_L: a baby for?
SPEAKER_R: for harsh. It's like like the the pilgrimage that happens once a year and Makkah and Madina which are the two very holy cities for Muslims. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Uh four come.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it was yeah I've been to a few countries, not too many but yeah, good amount of travel. What about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: just saying. Yeah, I've been to Mexico uh one of my favorites. Uh yeah, I actually had to come back home from Mexico city like mid March
SPEAKER_R: Ocean.
SPEAKER_L: started going down. Oh shit trump is definitely going to close the borders or something.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we'll get back in there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. But yeah I've been through a little bit of Mexico. Uh I went to Spain Portugal for instance, you know like a two weeks kind of thing to visit my brother And that that's about it internationally a little bit more in the US to had a job Vanessa in san Francisco for a little bit. So I visited a couple times but then I realized that that job was not at all what I wanted after I realized my whole perspective on capitalism and spirituality. So I left. Um and yeah that's about in like other school trips and stuff. Oh new Orleans, new Orleans. Very beautiful city. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: wow man, I'm so close that very window.
SPEAKER_L: I definitely recommend it especially before it probably you know goes underwater. You know like the day woman stuff like it's Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What do you recommend to do that?
SPEAKER_L: Oh um definitely visit. I know it's like weird but definitely visit like the graveyards and cemeteries. They have some beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: Really? Ok, interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's yeah it's kind of like dark tourism but you know just like obviously they go in there respectfully you know didn't want around with the dad but like like
SPEAKER_R: Total.
SPEAKER_L: their cemetery cemeteries and their gravestones are very beautiful and how they put them above ground because of flooding and stuff so they didn't and so they like the yeah the tombs are above the the ground and you know just like take a stroll down the famous streets listen to some jazz high. Um If you're into seafood your you enjoy the food. Um There
SPEAKER_R: This show on netflix called Dog tourists I've
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: ever seen that.
SPEAKER_L: I saw the one episode about Colombia or was it Columbia? Yeah. Come Osama. What's his face? Uh El Chapo. No one else is el Chapo. Um I saw one of them about like the people that went to Colombia to like tour like this person's what's his face like the big cocaine dealer from Colombia.
SPEAKER_R: Oh shit. Then there. Okay. The guy from Rocco's right dan, what's his name?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Anyway it doesn't matter. But anyway. Yeah to tour like his home grounds and then. But
SPEAKER_R: How nice. Goodbye.
SPEAKER_L: Pablo school bad was it? Yeah I think so. He said anyway yeah to tour his house and like to tour his things but then also open in Mexico. I don't know. I think I saw was it part of that episode? I also remember seeing like one where they travel like the the us Mexico border not to like actually go over the border but to like pretend to go through the voyage of like people that are trying to travel the border, go through and then they actually like encounter like you know like militias and like uh cartels and stuff. Yeah but it's like part of it but they'll pretend that it's real, it's fucking
SPEAKER_R: it's staged.
SPEAKER_L: really fucked up. Yeah. Yeah. Have you seen that one? Any episodes?
SPEAKER_R: No, no, I haven't seen any of this and I just looked at when he said Mark tours and sounds like a thing that people do.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, but it's definitely a thing. Um I know in Milwaukee where Jeffrey Jeffrey Dahmer is from, they have tours to like go to the places where these people were murdered, where he ate his victims and stuff and yeah, I was really fucked up. They were under scrutiny in a couple of years ago because of that.
SPEAKER_R: for taking people on tours.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, Jeffrey Dahmer letters to go to the places where the bodies of these women and people were found, you know, half eaten and like murdered and stuff. Really dark superfecta. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it is really fun. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. But hey, I'd love to have your contact if you're cool with that. Do you have an instagram or facebook?
SPEAKER_R: I do not have an instagram. I got a facebook. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, cool. Let me find you because I think of times about wrapping up, I mean, I'm encouraged anymore. I just, um, yeah, can I gotta get going? Only if I do. Okay. Can you spell your name again? You are?
SPEAKER_R: H A N.
SPEAKER_L: H A N
SPEAKER_R: You D. D. I am
SPEAKER_L: UTD and last name.
SPEAKER_R: That same. C A L
SPEAKER_L: T A L
SPEAKER_R: C U T T.
SPEAKER_L: C U T T
SPEAKER_R: Pw L A.
SPEAKER_L: A W A L A. So they found him, yep. From Houston. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: That's going here,
SPEAKER_L: comments high school. Yeah. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: that's the one. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So yeah, my name will come up as Dhoni's de onis, like the pronunciation and it's just a black. Okay, cool. It was really nice meeting you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm not sure how to do this.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Cool. We'll, uh, we'll be in contact soon. Maybe we'll even show up on each other around here again. Cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.