Uh huh. How you doing?
I'm doing all right. I was taking a nap and they kind of overstepped a little bit. Hence my being it.
Oh man. That's sad. How many times before have you done this?
Okay. Yeah it's my third time. And the
first two times were really good actually. I'm getting conversations.
My name is Brandy. All the
tricky.
Yeah. 100 then.
But Bur
H. A. N. U. D. D. I. N.
Can you see your name for me in return?
The onus. Okay. Cool. Nice. Where you from? Okay.
That's dope. Nice.
Um I live in Houston
and he said yeah.
Uh well it's been a while since we've been here. So 12, 13 years in Houston. Before that we lived in Kansas for that. We lived in Pakistan for a couple of years and before that we were back in the U. S. So muslim. The U. S. Yeah. What about what about yourself, have you been responsible for a while?
Do you remember living in florida? From florida? Were you little or what?
No I imagine you speak spanish too.
Thanks.
Um We speak at homeless people right there. Um and my dad was from Pakistan so he spoke order with his friends so I understand some will do as well.
What do I think?
G. U. J. They are 80. I
Are
80.
No let's talk about everyone.
What do you do?
Yeah. How do you spend your days?
I
loved you.
Hi ruby.
That's
Yeah. What do you think we're lacking in terms of political freedom or whatever?
Take your time.
Do.
Yeah. My days are um not super exciting. I currently am like I don't have a job. I am
very at home. I just graduated recently from college.
Uh huh. Yeah. Thank you. That was a weird four years. I don't know if I really enjoyed it, but you know, it's all enough. Uh huh. Yeah. Well, I'm going to start a this like online part time job in a few weeks, a tutoring job. Otherwise I am working towards becoming a teacher.
Becoming a teacher.
I would like his math, otherwise science is fine too. I'm not super interesting teaching like literature or the arts or anything like that because I don't have any particular expertise there. Not that I'm like a science genius, but at least have taken some classes.
I agree.
I
don't know. I don't know if I'd say that right. It's always a little bit crazy when somebody says like I'm purely objective or you know, I only listen to facts, I don't think that's strictly speaking possible for a human being and I don't I don't purport to be, you know, attached to reality or fact, they sometimes I just say what I feel is right and it's probably not well, you know, well grounded or
well thought through. Uh
that
wouldn't say, yeah,
I
wouldn't say
I was just gonna say something again, go ahead.
Um And what I've told people is I prefer older kids because you get to do like that's a more mature sounding topics. Um
But I don't think, I don't mind, you
know, I don't think I want to teach kindergarten,
so
maybe like fifth grade and above, but yeah
let's
have
them.
it's
interesting experience.
Not
your own signs up for. I imagine
not exactly what one signs up for what they want to be a teacher I guess.
I
guess that becomes less of a problem now that everything is online. I don't know how you guys are you guys are opening in schools or not?
Yeah. How would that work? I mean teachers only one person. Right?
Where did you, did you study anything in college or?
Yeah I wanted to ask you because because of what you were talking about about being politically active and being changed, I'm a friend who is extremely well not extremely but I'd say he's a leftist Marxist whatever. Um and
seems like one of the themes of leftism, is that the solution is revolution not reform. So why do you like, it seems like you've been working in this is like bubble of reform. Why do you think that that's a good way to go about doing things? Oh
Were there to be cause for revolution would be ready to like arm yourself and fight? Yeah. It will probably won't be
Nobody
use psychological
Right that's hilarious. Holy shit. I know how to do, that's amazing.
Or they have had adverse experiences with you like you fucked with them and they're like oh my God don't mess with this girl. Oh
I
said
what is it?
Yeah I wish I could, I wish I could tell you categorically one or the other. Um I think honestly if I'm looking at my life it's been a very privileged life. My dad was in position, we made a good amount of money, he always took care of us financially and he actually he died at the beginning of this year in february. Um and since then it's I mean we still have our house and we're still paying our bills. Yeah. And
in that sense like it's hard for me looking at my own personal experiences to lose faith
and capitalism because like my dad immigrated this immigrated to this country as a skilled worker and made a lot of money and did a lot of work behavior like doing. But yeah, just because I have lived a sheltered and highly like materially ok life doesn't mean that I you know, I have to ignore what people around here saying that people who are less fortunate than we are saying. So there is still bad. I don't want to see a revolutionary, don't even want to say radical, but there is still that kind of critical lens through which I try to, You know, I try to apprehend what America is, how it works, you know, how it benefits seven just not relevant everybody equally. Yeah.
Um and like I said, uh my closest friend has been over the last, I said three or four years been going through this personal journey of radicalization. He's met friends and read a lot of works that um I've pulled them in that direction and just by virtue of being in very close contact with them and you know wanting to understand what he thinks and what he thinks so he thinks and I have read a little and watched a lot about what about Marxism, Leninism etcetera. Uh and I find that yeah, I have, I have certainly never lived in anything other than America before, a significant amount of time. You know, I've been to India and lived there for a couple months each or a couple of years, you know in case of Pakistan, but I described these countries as still as capitalist, in that people are allowed to have properly and own you know, whatever you wanna call music production or whatever. Uh So I I don't know eventually what it feels like, what it could feel like to live in a country where where they're collectivized means of ownership, where economies are planned instead of, you know, instead of organized by markets, I don't even know if you want to call that organized, but yeah, so, so in that sense it's hard for me to see something and believe something that I've never seen. But it seems that there is a preponderance of evidence, at least from what I read and what I hear from, from those sources on the internet, that there is a way to plant economies, even if the economy is consist of tens of or hundreds of millions of people. And those plans can be good enough to trend in the direction of economic growth, industrialization, etcetera and be
good and like produce outputs that are not concentrated in in a few private hands, but in yeah, maybe not perfectly, but in most hands. Uh Yeah, and and they work overtly like intentionally to better the living conditions of all involved. So I'd like to do that is that is true and that could happen in the United States. But I'm not, you know, I doubt that throughout my life I will be the person in front of you know, leading strikes or forming unions or you know, leading armed revolution. I don't think that would be me, but I in the sense that I don't mind it happening, I won't be an enemy of it, but you know, if not doing anything means that you're an enemy of it, then sure it'll be, you know, I will in that sense, but I doubt that I will oppose it physically where to come.
Um I'd like for there to be freedom educationally for Children two learn, but also be like, I don't think kids are not learning, but I would like to learning to be pose in a way that emphasizes active doing instead of like like a two decades long process of preparing, you eventually learn how to do a work, but instead emphasizing that you are capable of the human being of doing productive, not productive, not doesn't have to be necessarily financially productive, right? But you can produce things that do things that before you graduate high school or whatever before somebody pays you for, allows you to do it. So I would like to, you know, if I could create something, it would be an education system centered on freeing kids from memorization. Not that memorization is always bad, always useless, but it should come as a natural byproduct of doing something many many times and not as what you do first and then you start doing the real world. If it arises from actually doing the real work then you know that then then like you may image to not be fun right? Learning things are not going to find that can be mentally paying for very taxing and um yeah, not going to be easy but there is the possibility of doing learning through doing and whatever needs to be memorized is memorized as a product of doing.
I
How long is that going to?
that's what I figured. But also I don't think they're very common but they're called Waldorf schools or something.
Yeah. There are also some kind of experiential project based stuff. I've never been. I don't know anybody who has so it's from the pictures and shit. Sounds like a kind of like a boozy thing to do. So maybe
not not equal but not necessarily a bad idea either.
Like you'd have to potentially send your kids to some kind of private Waldorf school. Again, not that that's a the school itself is bad or not producing good results, but yeah, that in itself means that some people are going to have access and some people want.
Yeah. But also like you have to imagine that it if the entire country if you want universal public education, then there has to be some component of maintaining standards, right? And one of those ways, open tanks, heritage is giving standardized tests, making these limited curricula limited sense that like there are these metrics that you have to imagine if you match them, we know that we're producing some kind of narrowly defined value. Whereas the more open the more risky prospect of saying allow kids to just fuck around for a little bit and figure it out. You know, you can imagine that that kind of I can just like make leaders feel uncertain about how solid of a product that they're they're making available for our students available. So I don't think it's easy and I don't think it's even gonna look good or beautiful palatable at all until it's integrated into being the sensible thing.
Work.
The mask. My sister got it from Mexico City. I thank you. And she went there with a friend for I don't know what a weekend or a week. I don't know. But she brought me this back. She's good about buying me gifts and she, if I went out I got another one too. I don't know what this one's from.
Uh I can't write, it might be from Morocco. He lived there for like here. Plus
she was working
as a journalist there. Yeah.
Right. It is indeed. Sounds cool. I'm sure it was growing me. I mean I'm sure that wasn't quite as easy as it sounds cool as it sounds. Yeah
do it as a journalist yet. Uh Yeah the issue reported on oil and gas stuff and that allowed her to get a job here doing something in oil and gas nominally but completely different, started looking as like a data scientist even though she knew nothing but that, but it worked out and actually has a much better job.
Uh huh. I'm not a very proactive traveler myself but fortunately my dad was so we inside the US we've done a fair amount of traveling to Canada once or twice. Um We've gone south also poor for a cruise or something. He went to the Bahamas as well I guess that counts for something. Uh
India India and Pakistan, we went to visit family, we went to Saudi Arabia one time to do to do Umrah which is like a mini version of the hedge like
the person
that we do.
we went
for harsh. It's like like the the pilgrimage that happens once a year and Makkah and Madina which are the two very holy cities for Muslims. Yeah.
Yeah it was yeah I've been to a few countries, not too many but yeah, good amount of travel. What about yourself?
Ocean.
Yeah we'll get back in there.
wow man, I'm so close that very window.
What do you recommend to do that?
Really? Ok, interesting.
Total.
This show on netflix called Dog tourists I've
ever seen that.
Oh shit. Then there. Okay. The guy from Rocco's right dan, what's his name?
How nice. Goodbye.
it's staged.
No, no, I haven't seen any of this and I just looked at when he said Mark tours and sounds like a thing that people do.
for taking people on tours.
yeah, it is really fun. Uh huh.
I do not have an instagram. I got a facebook. Yeah.
H A N.
You D. D. I am
That same. C A L
C U T T.
Pw L A.
That's going here,
that's the one. Yeah,
Yeah, I'm not sure how to do this.
Yeah.