it's good. Let's get Gari like a Tarantino movie. I don't want to fuck it out. Can we talk it out? Can sweep me up all night? We could take up. Yes. Sick about the pickle. Hello? Yeah. Okay. Oh sorry so yeah. Uh Hello?
I'm doing well. How about yourself?
no, no worry. Last time I was supposed to meet with someone they don't even show up. So it's very nice to meet you
just once.
Arlen
awesome. That's really cool to meet to hear. Well, nice to meet you. My name is Denise. Uh Let's see.
making
Brana me
Rihanna do how do you spell that?
No,
Dean, you're Hannity. Okay.
Yeah. D. O. Niece.
I'm from the US, I'm from I'm living in Wisconsin right now.
Yeah. How about yourself?
And where?
Have you always lived in Houston?
Um Yeah about a decade now. Before that Puerto rico and before that florida. Yeah. So just traveling.
Mm I was little. I do remember a little bit but not as much but yeah just everyone spoke spanish uh you know food was very good rather than that. No one else.
I do. Yeah,
but you do cook another language.
Mm Gotcha. That's cool. So you mainly speak Dzhokhar? The you said at home,
do you have to think? How do you spell that? I'd like to learn.
Just give me a sec to write it down. G U. J. A. And
they are.
Thank you. Okay. Majority. All right. Cool. Mm. All right. Cool. Well yeah this is my first time. There's not really any questions we have to talk about. Right? It's just conversation.
Okay. That's
what do I do? Ooh that's always a fun question. Um right now in life I am working on um progressing all of humanity towards a state of pure love and enlightenment. I call it late. Yeah. I don't, I'm not working for say right now. You are studying uh kind of let go of those like social constructs for now. It's been a weird transition period right now through this.
Mm Also another fun question. Yeah, I spend my days. Um, let me think I have a morning routine recently. I'm very proud of it in the morning routine includes actually going outside. I'd like to spend time with my cat. She's here right now. If you'd like to say, hey
comes
to hair, this is my cat, ruby come up. This is miss ruby. Um,
they high, she like, we like to go outside, meditate stretch, say gratitude towards life. So his existence uh, plans have a garden now. It's exciting the
sun and moon, you know, and everything in between. And then I, uh throughout my day I do different, you know, cleaning cooking, taking care of my mom right now. She's going through some health problems and do a little bit of volunteer stuff, helped people learn english. You know mostly spanish speakers learn english and recently got into some activism work in my hometown. Wow, you know advocating for social rights towards political uh uh to towards liberty and just social awareness or awareness of like local governments here in my little conservative hometown. Yeah.
Mm Well just awareness and like even like um uh this was back together my thoughts. I would
thank you. Um I definitely want, you know, I'm still like learning all the processes and all terminologies I don't fully understand and I don't think anybody else really does about whether U. S. Government, how it really works like procedure, what you do if you want to make change. So I think that it's really important that we involve everybody as possible and not just like having elected officials to make all those decisions for us because that, that's not how it should be in my opinion. So I think we're lacking a lot of local involvement from everyone more than just like voting. Yeah. What about
you? What your days look like?
Problem.
How can that?
Towards a what?
Ah that's wonderful. It's really good to do it. Yeah. Well what are you planning to?
So you're like more like hardcore facts and analytics
as opposed to like
I do
and
no, that's
interest.
No,
I
oh sorry to interrupt as you were saying,
Oh, I really like what about what you said about like, you know that you speak what you feel even if it doesn't feel like grounded or if it's based on cold facts because that in itself is true, that is true to yourself and that's true to you and like I think that's true to reality, like that's part of reality as opposed to like just cold hard facts all the time. Very interesting, wow, what age do you hope to teach?
Yeah
well
what,
where
that's my answer, kindergarten teacher and most of
her things
that
spent, you know, like yeah, coloring and like making connections but also telling kids not to show each other their private parts. So it yeah, it's a lot
more,
yeah, it's more
of a,
it's awesome
but yep, yep. Or cleaning shit up off the walls or whatever. That's part of it. What
point?
mm that's been controversial topic over here. Oh my Yeah, well they went fully virtual, like mid March or something and that was like weird and transitional. So it wasn't, so, yeah, so she was teaching online, but it wasn't enforced for everyone. So she would have like a classroom of like Four kids or five kids show up to the zoom call when originally she would have like 25 or something. So that was weird. And then, you know, she's a little older, so she's like getting used to like the whole technology thing that was confusing. But then now that they're starting back up fully virtual again, um, which will be interesting. Again, I'm, I'm from a conservative town, from an older conservative town. So a lot of people were like, you know, more than just the conservatives and the old people were like arguing. You know, like, well, we should open up or we should have it. Like there should be a choice whether to go back in person or whether to go online.
Exactly. There's so much more work to be done that. Yeah and I get that I kind of do agree with that with the choice, but like seeing that might cut my aunt was struggling so much from like just keeping up with the online. Um I think that it just be easier if everybody goes back on through virtual teaching. Uh huh. Yeah, we'll see, we'll see how that goes. Oh no
mm. Um I started off as a business management major which is okay and like I still learned some things from it but like then I went through like the spiritual kind of phase and like awakening or whatever you wanna call it. And I turned like extremely anti capitalist and I was like oh I probably shouldn't do this because I kept studying it thinking like oh well you know what if I have this knowledge, I could like use this to my advantage to like dismantle capitalism or something or like it or something and then I just realized that that wasn't my calling, not going to help me in that same.
Okay.
That's really funny. You bring it up, I haven't had the chance to talk to anyone about this. I mean I think that reform is what's gonna create that solution now, you know, it's going to take awhile but it's what's going to happen now and that's important. But overall my goal and what I think the solution would be is a complete revolution, a complete change of the political structure that we have right now and then how that will affect us socially. And it's a weird like dichotomy because I don't even agree fully with all of the things that I'm helping with and supporting, but I agree with it more than just being complacent with what's going on right now. So it's Yeah at all.
No, I know it's really sad. I I wanted to be I I want it to be completely pete. I can I imagine like humanity being completely peaceful the love and just being able to coexist but I know there will be a fight and yes, I'm ready to fight, not in the physical sense. Um I know it's not that I like it but I know how to use like psychological
warfare get into a long time,
you know what I mean? Like I'll be in the background like in people's ears like telling them what will say to make like the cops like hurt their feeling, there's something or kind of thing. Yeah I think that will be my expertise.
Uh Yeah I'm not too proud of it but I know I can use that advantage at one point. Yeah.
maybe we can save that for a different conversation but yes not too proud of it but yes so
I
have
yeah I know I have to use that kind of knowledge for yeah for what I stand for not just like for hurting people but yeah tell me about you. Where do you I mean yeah. Where do you stand politically? What are your beliefs in any sense? In any scale?
Uh huh.
What?
Well
Well,
Mhm. I see I see we're coming from yeah interesting. Uh huh. So what do you, if you could you know like wave a wand and just improve something in the U. S. Some asked like what would you want to improve?
Right. Oh I wholeheartedly agree. Oh my gosh. Yeah I yeah right there's so many, yeah just like the fact the schooling system right now is so skewed and like favors those that are more likely to have an easier time memorizing things then gives them a better grades, which then gives them more opportunities after high school and after school to pursue those job careers and stuff and yeah I wholeheartedly agree that we need a new curriculum, new school design. Have you ever heard of Monastery Montessori School?
Well yeah my my aunt used to teach at that and she told me how I was, you know, it wasn't as much based on grade level as much as it was like groups of age and that. It was based more on projects as opposed to like uh curriculum, you know, like today we're going to be learning about turtles, like as opposed to her sitting in front of the classroom and saying like, OK, this is what's going up, this is what's up with turtles. You know, the kids would then have their own choice of what kind of projects they wanted to do to learn about turtles, whether that be, you know, like observe the turtle, a turtle that they have in the classroom or read about it or watch a video, do research and then they could all come together and teach each other about in the same ways uh and about the things that they learned through their own projects and stuff, which I think it was a better way, better school structure, especially for kids, so
I think it's only for elementary school, I'm not sure though. But um Yes.
yes, I heard of those. Yeah.
Six
Okay. What did you say? Gucci? Oh, like like a cost money kind of thing. Oh.
Right. Yeah. So yeah, definitely for public schooling, that would be a great thing to implement.
Yeah, I see. I didn't think about that. Yeah, standardized testings and like making sure that our students are learning what they need to learn, especially if it gets this project based and there would be much less like I would assume it be much less great focus come on. Um which will then will be harder to keep up with for teachers and all that bullshit. I mean, I mean, who knows? I am personally like against like standards and metrics and like competition, but I know that it's important. I know that we have to keep up make sure that we're producing knowledgeable citizens. I'm just not
sure that grades are always the best way to do with that. Mhm. So it's based on facts. Yeah. Can you tell me about that mass that's behind you?
Oh, nice. Okay, that's cool.
You
are.
That's cool.
You said you worked as a journalist?
Hey, that's good to hear. Yeah. Have you ever traveled outside the US, you know, for pleasure?
there's and uh, but yeah,
we can
do that.
You wanted
a baby for?
Uh four come.
just saying. Yeah, I've been to Mexico uh one of my favorites. Uh yeah, I actually had to come back home from Mexico city like mid March
started going down. Oh shit trump is definitely going to close the borders or something.
Yeah. But yeah I've been through a little bit of Mexico. Uh I went to Spain Portugal for instance, you know like a two weeks kind of thing to visit my brother And that that's about it internationally a little bit more in the US to had a job Vanessa in san Francisco for a little bit. So I visited a couple times but then I realized that that job was not at all what I wanted after I realized my whole perspective on capitalism and spirituality. So I left. Um and yeah that's about in like other school trips and stuff. Oh new Orleans, new Orleans. Very beautiful city. Yeah
I definitely recommend it especially before it probably you know goes underwater. You know like the day woman stuff like it's Yeah.
Oh um definitely visit. I know it's like weird but definitely visit like the graveyards and cemeteries. They have some beautiful.
Yeah it's yeah it's kind of like dark tourism but you know just like obviously they go in there respectfully you know didn't want around with the dad but like like
their cemetery cemeteries and their gravestones are very beautiful and how they put them above ground because of flooding and stuff so they didn't and so they like the yeah the tombs are above the the ground and you know just like take a stroll down the famous streets listen to some jazz high. Um If you're into seafood your you enjoy the food. Um There
and
I saw the one episode about Colombia or was it Columbia? Yeah. Come Osama. What's his face? Uh El Chapo. No one else is el Chapo. Um I saw one of them about like the people that went to Colombia to like tour like this person's what's his face like the big cocaine dealer from Colombia.
Yeah. Anyway it doesn't matter. But anyway. Yeah to tour like his home grounds and then. But
Pablo school bad was it? Yeah I think so. He said anyway yeah to tour his house and like to tour his things but then also open in Mexico. I don't know. I think I saw was it part of that episode? I also remember seeing like one where they travel like the the us Mexico border not to like actually go over the border but to like pretend to go through the voyage of like people that are trying to travel the border, go through and then they actually like encounter like you know like militias and like uh cartels and stuff. Yeah but it's like part of it but they'll pretend that it's real, it's fucking
really fucked up. Yeah. Yeah. Have you seen that one? Any episodes?
Yeah. No, but it's definitely a thing. Um I know in Milwaukee where Jeffrey Jeffrey Dahmer is from, they have tours to like go to the places where these people were murdered, where he ate his victims and stuff and yeah, I was really fucked up. They were under scrutiny in a couple of years ago because of that.
Yeah, Jeffrey Dahmer letters to go to the places where the bodies of these women and people were found, you know, half eaten and like murdered and stuff. Really dark superfecta. Yeah.
Mhm. But hey, I'd love to have your contact if you're cool with that. Do you have an instagram or facebook?
Okay, cool. Let me find you because I think of times about wrapping up, I mean, I'm encouraged anymore. I just, um, yeah, can I gotta get going? Only if I do. Okay. Can you spell your name again? You are?
H A N
UTD and last name.
T A L
C U T T
A W A L A. So they found him, yep. From Houston. Okay,
comments high school. Yeah. Okay.
Okay. So yeah, my name will come up as Dhoni's de onis, like the pronunciation and it's just a black. Okay, cool. It was really nice meeting you.
Yeah. Cool. We'll, uh, we'll be in contact soon. Maybe we'll even show up on each other around here again. Cool.