Hello?
Good. Yeah, that third person, the second to first two didn't show up. So
I was like,
well maybe I get some luck this time.
Yeah. Yeah, but the other two, there were no shows, so I was just sitting here like what's going on? Maybe it's really
bad
luck
on. I didn't see you come in immediately at the time was like, here we go again.
I always waited like 10 minutes and then I was like, that's a good enough time. I think 10 minutes is good. So
Yeah, it says five, but I requested to and I was like, I'll give them some more time. Maybe they may be something to happen.
I've only done it once.
The first time was perfect.
It was like immediate. You both came at the same time and I was like, oh,
works. And then the second time I was like, oh well that's just
bad
luck in the third
time. I was like,
maybe this is the norm, actually, maybe people don't show up. How many times have you done it,
okay, so you've been your vet?
I think so,
person showed
up?
the
norm
not
the thing. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, no, I was like, this guy
or lady,
first
person I talked
to was
a lady and I was like, maybe, oh man, so horrible luck, but that's cool. I'm glad I
got someone especially
event.
Yeah, I got a headset. Uh my uh my fiance set up, is that right there that you can see? I guess he's got the same little set up, we play together. Yeah. You mean anything?
How long ago was that?
I think it's
like
annual.
so recently, yeah, how long were you playing?
Okay, the grind is sort of fizzled out.
I never played World
of Warcraft
whenever it was coming out. I was I mean, I've been playing games forever, but I didn't have a computer and then afterwards I was like uh it seemed kind of a little older, I tried to get into it, felt kind of old, but I had a friend that was really just really into it and he uh tried to sell me on it like multiple times, but I never could get into it, I mean, I know people that have been playing since like first came out of the game is like over 10 years old now or something, the game is ridiculous, the
I mean, mhm I don't know
if
you, but then a few years is a long freaking time,
That's
pretty hardcore.
yeah, well mm I was like made be like a time vampire, they just suck away everything at some point. You let them.
I mean, I played other memos that I've enjoyed a lot, but kind of always bounced around from different things,
like
of people that we played was that
well, we
have all the consoles that we kind of just hit whatever just coming out, whatever hotness
isn't going
now.
So I have, we primarily play Xbox, I guess. I have an Xbox. She has an Xbox. We both have
when we played that together primarily. And then our friends, we've had online for a while or whatever xboxes, but we'll find ourselves plan anything.
I think that everything playing games for a while ever since I've been little always games were like the thing and yeah, I check out
everything
actually
playing in my mother right now. That's like, I think right now is a kind of a burnout phase. You love anything. You'll have highs and lows and right now, I'm not really playing a whole lot of games, but I actually had this MMO which is the most passive MMO you've ever had. It's like a F. K. Everything. You don't really always have to be on it. And it's important for me right now, the past two months has been like, I've been playing
a game, but honestly
it's like not really playing sometimes. Um,
That's weird.
What's that?
Black
prisoner,
Black
Desert.
I was gonna
say,
I was
gonna wait
for you
finish. I was gonna say, well let me guess. You have like life commitments of some sort that came in. Kids wife, The new relationship. That's always the thing. Yeah. The thing is
I met my uh, my fiance playing games. So it's like both of our, you know, hobbies
and free time. We always like doing
the same thing. So
games
are just integrating our life
now.
okay, we're
hard
the
other way.
there's a Mario creator, Miyamoto always had a thought about ladies and trying to get them to do anything. It's like they're like, you know, a cat, if you really want to play with the cat, the cat ever want to play with, you gotta wait for the cat to come to you and then you can pet the cat, you can't force things sometimes
they want to be with them, they'll check it out.
But uh yeah,
the thing is I always
uh I see online
all the time,
but scenarios common if like got a girlfriend or why or my kids or new gamers, how do I get them in? And someone's always like, well you play Call of Duty with them all the time. That, and obviously the game, I'm like,
people suck at introducing people to video games sometimes. And I like, I like your
approach of like Mario
kart that's like really approachable game. I always have like this in my head, like do I,
you know, holding
control and complicated. It's got buttons everywhere and whenever you have those two joysticks moving them independently is like the most difficult thing for your brain to like learn, Like Controlling the first person game is like so foreign to people. You don't realize because you've been doing it so long, you're like, just do it. It's not hard. I do it, but you've been doing it for 20 years. So yeah,
there is a marble game. But I always like to play or joe people whenever they're like, I've had
friends that are like, how do I get my girlfriend too? Play games with me because I love games or whatever. I'm like, well don't throw them in the deep end, give them
something simple. Uh so like turn based games jerry PGS where you don't,
you are actively like controlling something, you're sitting there, you're thinking and like the story is what's coming to you. So yeah, that's why ladies
really like final
Fantasy games for a while, that big cliche, but it was not an active game. You know, it's just like their story is really story heavy too, so it's actually got something going on, so just do shooting shit for fun or whatever. It's like, oh, there's story to this. Okay, I'm, you know, I'm involved mentally. I'm not just going room to room killing, wiping out the room, going to the next one. But yeah, you sit there, you think about it, your moves, it's like Therapy GSR great. And then there's like this marble game that I always say for the bill joystick kind of situation because it's really hard. There's a little marble games I always tell people to play that you can't play it now. It was like a 360 game. But uh just a marble game we move around traverse the world and it's probably like you have to use your camera controls and the movement at the same time it really like basic movement teaches you. So I feel like I could like back of my mind. I always wanted to think of a course like this is how you train someone to play a game. You're at one the marble games up to final Fantasy and eventually your M. L. G. Like professional college player. I'm saying like
no
one wants to get their ass kicked. That's the person scary in places like it's kind of you're kind of vulnerable, You're like to teach someone something and they're like learning and then you're like come on, you can't be like aggressive, you got to be a teacher at that point and it's like if you're not doing well, you know, you don't want to, you know, be shitty in front of something that like you're,
you know, you're in a relationship with or whatever and we're like, well look, this is embarrassing, let's not do this. Yeah, I
have a lot of experience.
No, especially if it's not like a big part of your life, whereas games like a thing for me if it's not like, I don't know even, I mean even if it was a big part of your life, it has to be something you share all the time. But he gave a shot maybe later on down the line, they'll find some interest in something else or something you know?
Yeah. I know movies,
tv shows whatever they're planning experiences out
there. I guess the only thing that I really like is the uh it's the shared experiences like Mayer car is like
kind of competitive and something, it's like super light hearted but still competitive, right? You're basing there's a winner. So like I think that I really enjoy playing with someone that like I'm
with
your friends or whatever anything is like the cooperative nous of it. You guys both
played halo together. Imagine like you guys are both playing together and working for the same goals and that's like fun. Like that experience is like that's where the magic happens like beating her in Mario Kart, it's fun and cute but like you know taking on aliens together is like I think that's a pretty unique bonding kind of experience, you know?
Yeah. See when I uh halo I think is like the 1st 1st person shooter you show someone so you like halo is like you know it was really revolutionary for like you know really solid console shooter. They have like sensitivity settings, you turn it all
the way down to zero, like you make it to where like moving as slow and clunky for you. But for her for them they're like oh my
I can move my character. And then by the, I played through all of halo with my fiancee, she didn't play a lot of shooters, we played through all of hail and by the end feels playing on default like sensitivity settings and like slightly bumped up sensitivity settings and I was like wow this is like you're like playing a first person shooter, I look at her, she's not struggling, she's like shooting stuff and that's great. I just sat there watching her play. Like I did that, look at that, she's playing, she played a lot of games before the shooters was never a thing and like that was a cool experience. Playing something for someone for the first time. It's like introducing someone to like music or a movie that you really like, it's like we're gonna play this game together and have experience and that shit was just that's cool.
Yeah, no, no, I'm not saying it's very definitely, especially if you call
her the anti gamer. I don't know if there's much of a chance, but I just personally that was a cool, that was a fun experience for me.
I mean
she's
on movies
and me like what's that?
We kind of just do like lame stuff I guess. I don't know, we like
going
to like
movies or a concert or watch. She introduces me to like movies and tv shows all the time. Like I didn't really watch a whole lot of movies. I don't have a plex server with like 500 Movies on it. I'm like this what we watched movies every other week and I don't know, we do like basic couple things. We, I live in uh texas,
we live near Dallas, so there's a lot of things to do there. Um I met her online
and when you say, what do you do? It's like, I think of us because it's always really after you get into like a serious relationships like well we uh we like that so um
for a living
I
that's boring.
Yeah, it's a commitment at that point and I spend so much time with her. I mean we met and we were just friends and then we started
to like
develop, become a relationship. She was in pennsylvania and then she moved down and then she is my life at some point and we do so much together so we have a real strong like what are we going to do? And it's not like she's dragging me along or anything, it's like we have incredibly similar interests.
we're going to go do this.
It's weird.
I think
that's classic relationship isn't it? Like you have two different size and you you like complement each other. Yeah,
we have that different aspects to I think it's more personality
that she is more outgoing. I'm like way
more introverted I guess. So like she introduced me to like you should go out
and talk to people, I'm like all right, let's do that
I guess.
Yeah. No, completely. Yeah, I don't watch movies. She introduced me the movies and stuff. Like
I think saying I don't watch movies sent me to sound
very alien.
Like if someone says I just don't like music, who are you? You're not human. I really don't watch that many movies until I met her. So Yeah.
That's something we chair I guess.
Real
big kick.
Ok. Yeah, that's great. It's perfect. Go meet a new person. You know the chick that I met? Um Because I was like, I don't know, I'm introverted. I am also like you. I'm not gonna put first part
on you though. I I can talk to people. I like to talk to people. I think I can do it. All right. I try to like, you know, find similar things, although I'll just rant about video games for 17, manage or whatever.
But uh I was still kind
of like, oh man, really nervous, I'm first gonna meet that first person. Like I don't know that I was kind of okay until the last five minutes, five minutes till my stomach is like, I'm like, I don't I don't know, it's gonna be awkward if they're really totally different and they're putting opposites together. Um She had like a Pokemon tattoo on her hand and she immediately called out like my headset and was like, so what games do you play? Like kind of like I you did common ground kind of thing, and she was like, oh thank God is easy, I can talk to someone, relate with them on some things like done. I actually have actually talked to her now, it's probably not something supposed to do, but I was like, I was like we should probably talk afterwards and she was like, yeah let's do that. So we've been talking afterwards, so
they had a good first experience.
Yeah, yeah, I lost
my job and I was looking for all kinds of online work and different things to do online. And honestly I was just like, it's all nothing really is like, oh yeah, I can quit and just work online for the rest of my life. But prolific was definitely
the most like straightforward, genuine like survey thing. It was like, here's a survey tailored to you sort of and whenever you complete it, you get paid and then you're done and you cash out. It was there's nothing as straightforward as that. I mean there are some things, but like for surveys it was like Perfect. I have a list of like 10 different online like things I want to read it. And there is a subreddit dedicated to like making little beer money. Yeah. Making little money here and there. I'm like, well let me try some of these things. I try to game me in one. I was like getting really like into that
and then they completely changed all their uh systems for making money. They watered down how you made money to introduce a different countries and you got less for what you did. So uh I invested some time, not a lot of time, but I was like, I'm gonna try this, I was like, I'm making like a couple of bucks here and there and then started snowballing and they're like, I was like cool, it wasn't making any money. And then I was like, oh sucks.
It was a scam. It was such a scam. It was about like making small videos and having as much advertising as possible. And there was like incentives for like interacting with people. So you saw people making comments on videos, there are like G God, that was amazing. And you're like, oh,
it's,
you look at all the videos and it's like everyone says G that is like the thing you see it 50, it looks like robots
or something. No one's watching the video, they haven't on the background. And I just have the as playing and that's how people are making money is like they were making money off the ad revenue and then they're giving people like literally like here's a penny
here and there. It was like Youtube instead of meeting like a certain rank or status or you know, viewership, you had, you know, money at the very beginning and those pennies and then theoretically make a lot more.
It was scam e super scam. Me.
It's genuine, right? Like we, compared to enter, especially where it's like, here's a penny, you've got 10 minutes or something. I'm like, fuck you, I don't want to do. It's a meat grinder and mturk I did that too. But I was making like
Maybe 500
bucks a month,
but it's like work. You don't just, yeah, here and there, you like, I'm gonna treated like a job, eight hours, I'm gonna do garbage
and then I'll get some dollars. That's
horrible.
Now
by
all means only something that's awesome. Yeah. What's this,
what's it called, user testing?
You
know, I've heard
something like this. Yeah, it's called user testing.
that's high praise.
It sounds like a job here.
Church's chicken app sucks. They need to get on that. I'm glad they're working on expanding that download the Church's chicken at the other month, and I was like, I can't even buy
stuff on this app. Who doesn't let you buy stuff on the stuff? That's funny. That's just random. Had
Church's chicken
year.
Guys,
mystery
shopping, wow, that's the thing that you're like, you wanna become a mystery shopper,
make $1000 a day. I'm like okay, scam.
What
do you go through?
No,
that's a win win. So what was that through? Was that?
Yeah, tell me the website gives you food, I want
that.
L a shop you don't want to write all this stuff done, do you mean?
Yeah, it's not
uh ended up making a job out of it honestly with all the online stuff when we
were like working
hard because we were both we were both working and then we stopped and we're looking for something to sort of help
balance out.
Well. Yeah,
well I was working at amazon warehouse of course, that's like hotbed of people because it's just packed. And uh when she moved down
she was like mercy. And then she was just doing some small things exciting, we're gonna do nursing again. And because that burned her out. So she ended up working with me and we're both doing
that in the same schedule, so that worked out and then you know, shit hit the fan and we were like, he was like, I can't I don't do this. And but we ended up both quitting
at the same time. Yeah, it's really uh not the place you want to be, I don't know. Um
My friend got this and a couple of friends had this, but you'll get notifications
on your phone when people would uh come down with covid symptoms and then be tested positive possible
cases. So you get like a text, I just said a blog tested positive or someone tested positive. If you work near them, we're going to inform you and started off as like one person and then like a couple of people day and then multiple people were like, oh
God, if all of this, we're not hanging out here anymore, it's not worth it. So that was, was
point.
do the same thing. Okay, perfect.
You guys got that flooding in like three years ago, right? Real bad. From the multiple problems of
record
breaking.
Well, I guess Houston's bad because you always have something like that. But there was like, I think it was like 32 years ago we had
record
flooding over here in Dallas and it was like a record that was from the fifties and like everything flooded house flooded martin was flooded, everything was ruined. Uh The house flooded in had to pull out all the carpet and stuff, go driving down the rows and there's like people in their their their like bathrobes around little yard
and
they got
like piles of stuff outside, ruined stuff. Was horrible.
man.
there's there's like businesses stripping things out like everywhere it was. Yeah, I get it flooding
is horrible. You don't
think about
it being
like a thing until it happens and they're like what texas is flat, It floods all the time, every time it rains a flash flood, right and a thunderstorm over here, it's not gentle or doesn't come gently in the night, it's like loud and things up. Um Whenever she moved down here, she was like, there's always gonna be a flashlight, don't want. Yeah, it just floods excesses flat, nowhere to go.
No,
that's when I went to visit her. It was snowing the first time. I was like, I was just like, I love the cold. She likes the heat. So it's like in some ways we're better off and being in the other state. I was like, it was snowing
and had the window open in this cold breezes coming and I was like, oh, I'm in heaven. She comes down here and she walks outside. It's nine degrees. She's like, oh, it hasn't been like,
this is a distressful. All this sucks. You can't escape the heat. You can only take off so many clothes and be socially acceptable. All right. You
can put on layers and be warm in the winter. And north what?
I
don't just me or something like that playing games all the time. I got support speculation. My hands or something. Like I'll be like my hands specifically get cold first and they get
cold. It's like I get stiff. I feel like groins are all asleep, I don't know, locked up. Like what is wrong with me? It's cold. Yeah,
You helped me out. I I just talked at you for video games for a really long time.
So
I got
something.
it's a kid.
there's a
lot of life changes. Isn't it scary I feel for you?
Video
games. You know what I want to play a game, download an emulator. Yeah,
sure. Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Or web browsing
watched the movie. Yeah,
definitely.
No, I have a timer and I kept
looking and I was like waiting for him to bail out because he's gonna pull up before I do. I was like 31 minutes right now so he's going I'm gonna let him go. No
I talked to that trip for
45 minutes. She was like
we
got to stop.
No no you got you got kids you have responsibilities get get on that.
Yeah. Move on to the next moneymaking thing hey
Ophelia.
surveys actually kind. Yeah. Okay.
Yeah same to
you
got
turned
upside down but we'll figure it out. Yeah.
Thank you.
I feel
snowman's up there. That's never happening down here. All right man. Well what fun talking to you
like
with everything and uh yeah for the rest of your day I guess.