it
Are you?
I hope
so.
Oh you you've done this is the third time you tried,
Good
for
nothing.
Yeah, I had turned on my computer and I was like, I forgot I had tried to do updates. So if you through an extra step, I'm like, oh no, I'm gonna be like and a minute or so late I'm like, oh shoot because I don't
I think they say you should only wait like five minutes or so. I don't remember because I've actually
have a Yeah, I've been this, I think how many times have you have you gone through this? This is the first time ago,
person
is perfect.
And
just
about
everything
I say.
Um this is going to be I guess my six and last time. Yeah,
we must have been had really bad luck because
every for the every time actually, every time I've done this, everyone showed
up, so
I'm a girl, I expected it to be like, I think the latest anyone's ever showing up was like 2.5 minutes late. It was like a big deal. But yeah, not even showing up is it's kind of crazy. I I didn't think that was, I mean obviously it's possible or not. I'm
in
denying
that.
I
don't
know.
Thank
you.
So
it looks like
it looks like maybe I'm wrong, but it looks like you're a gamer of some sort.
I used to play World Warcraft, but I just
what was the last one was the last expansion?
It
was
a battle plan recent
lost my, lost my enthusiasm for
what about you?
I'm not
alone.
my friend got me into it and then I was like, okay, I'll play it for a little bit later. I'm thinking maybe two years, 2.5 years and then I was just like okay
and
then
It
is
but compared to him, I mean he was he was from the start like you were saying I don't think I really want to play. It's too much time thinking. I mean all I mean all games are time six.
And
what do
you yeah
what do you play now? Okay.
no
not
gonna happen
now
And
Okay. No no specific genre, just whatever is hot at the moment. Your
it
has a little
I think.
and
and
well
what's
the name of it if you don't mind me?
What's
it
and
okay I have not, well once I pretty much quit like a whore warcraft, I really haven't like focusing on any game. It's like you know and it doesn't help that I have a kid.
I just
say
I've
had
confronted.
I remember
family
and
that's
good.
I
didn't yeah my wife is not uh she's the anti gamer. She's like I don't understand why she
didn't
have
her.
she didn't play any games like I don't really understand it. We tried to get her to play uh I mean the the lowest possible game, right? Uh Mario Kart. She's like yeah okay I'm bored and that was only for one night period. I'm like okay well I'm not going to shoot any, I'm not gonna try anymore. Your thing and I'll do my thing and we won't play games, right? That's cool.
patent.
That's probably
body.
no
thank
you.
good.
Thank
you,
But
probably.
the question,
People.
Perfect.
Great.
Group
what?
Oh yeah, if you throw them into call of duty or any of those like counter
straight.
But
Yeah,
I just you know, say you know what, you give it one shot. She didn't like I move on to something else. I'm not gonna I'm not gonna.
Yeah. Wife like shopping. So you do shopping? I'm going to stay out of that. I have no interest so I can that's like alright, basically were reversed. You love shopping? I hate shopping. I loved video games and now she hates, she's like I don't understand, I don't want to play it, I don't want to do all these buttons I get turned around on Mario Kart and I can't fix myself. Okay let's just let's just not play that game. We can watch movies bright
Next.
And
country.
I
agree.
particular,
That's true. Yeah. Then you then you you're the one that's going to be frustrated, like your movements are slow.
And
and I drink
I don't know that that does sound interesting. It it's probably probably out of my branch now with
good.
that's that's cool. So
what
are you outside
of you,
what do you do outside of games?
I
got
that.
Thank you.
I live in Houston.
was like, well, I wasn't asking about that, I was asking more like what you do from like for a living or something else like that.
Well
that
I was like, well when people ask me that was well, do do this, and I was like, okay, I can kind of understand how you were going to that point because I was like, yeah, you kind of your lives kind of get entangled with each other once your relationship.
And
blank.
But that's correct
that man.
Um Yeah, it most I think most relationship you're you're very similar and then a lot of relationships like I guess for me is we're not that similar. We're pretty far apart from like she likes different things and I like it. Yeah, I mean we do have some similarities, but it's just not a it's
not
That
it's not.
No.
What?
Well,
this kind of forces you to do it. Right,
That's cool.
It's
calm protected.
Yeah. I really, I think my wife is more extroverted, super extroverted. I'm super introverted. And so,
so kind of similar to you. Right? And and she's like, I just want to go out and do things and now I'm now since the coronavirus, I'm like, I kind of
but
well, I kind of want to be extra very I want to meet people and talk to people because just I'm stuck inside the house for days on end. For the most part, like well now we got to actually do something, I want to talk to someone. So what better way to do it than uh meet a random.
But
100
Experience.
I thought,
yeah, that's good. So how did you get into prolific? I assume this is be a prolific right
quickly.
What?
Thank you.
What company with this?
You
know
People?
No.
That
Um so I didn't lose my job luckily, but I was like again it was that period I think in junior july was like I am so tired of being in the house. I don't want to be uh I want and I think they cut our pay a little bit. Yeah, I gotta I gotta find a way to make a little more money so I did the beer money thing and I was like oh I'm on amazon inter so I signed up like years and years ago. No that was that's okay prolific is probably the one like you said, easiest ones to make decent amount of money.
I
get
it.
maybe.
so
I think the best one like from a dollar per hour perspective is uh have you, have you tried user testing?
This
is
It's basically
we're doing like websites or apps and that one is uh it makes I mean 1520 minutes they give you $10 and I pay you within seven days after you finish assuming you do well at it. Mhm. I haven't had any issues and I started that one like in september like And I think that made probably like 70 bucks so far, 70, 80 bucks in like three weeks ago. I mean, it's like 10 15 2015, 20 minute videos that you're supposed to do just to say or and it's using music like screen capture. Okay, you're you're reviewing a prototype of their website. So you're
just
good.
They're testing. Yes, That's the one I actually like. I like a little more than prolific, prolific is uh
well and two drop it down.
No, it's not so much. I mean, it's some of it is interesting. Like one of the absolute church's chicken, there probably shouldn't be telling telling the company, but like it's just using your app is like, okay, do this Try to add 1 1 item. So
what?
So
they're really
not so
well speaking of churches, I guess I've already been paid from from them. But the I do mystery shopping as well. All right. Have
you heard?
No,
That's there's no the only reason I only time I do it is like when it's they were
I've
done it recently is to have like door dash deliver. And churches was one of the one of the uh sponsors or whatever the fuck that. And
I had them deliver it for free and they pay me 15 15 bucks to get it free food and take a picture of it. I didn't really have to write anything. So I got my meal paid for and 15 3 bucks. So that was that was pretty
It was what it was uh
There
were sporadic so that that program ended back in like july uh early august, but the site is in tele shop dot com.
And I was like all these things you can like make a little bit of side money, it's not you're not gonna
I'm not going to make a job out of it at least. I don't try to make a job out of it. Yeah.
Work
what?
Where
do you guys,
what was your job if you don't mind me asking?
Problem.
Program
Never.
Yeah.
Just
everything
drunk.
Thank you.
Like you said you were like near Dallas, right? I'm Houston. So
this is the first time I met anyone from the state of texas doing this. Um So what?
Oh yeah. Well it was
it
was just a storm that decided they want to hang out on top of Houston.
Back
on.
they
are
crying.
luckily our place didn't didn't catch too much because I guess are draining around in the short small area that we're in really good. But like we went to I went to a lot of friends and coworkers, places, just the entire street is just their entire house is out on the sidewalk because it's all muddied up and flooded out like oh gosh, how much how
much history has been lost in in that flood? Well so bad. I was like oh man. Yeah.
difference.
They
want
to burn. Yeah.
Yeah tell her. Well I was gonna say it doesn't really snow it all that much here but I think it's
no
There.
Yeah, I live in texas but I just absolutely hate the heat.
No.
That's why I'm like you know I prefer cold but then like when it actually does get like sub 32 here in Houston, my hands start like to, you know, they start to burn a little bit like, oh, I don't really like this
that much,
What?
absolutely. Uh So anyway, um I think you gave you those two sites that intel a shot dot com.
I
appreciate
that.
But like I said, kid got in my life, so now I'm like, I don't have as much free time, so to speak,
he is too so kind of coincided with when I quit uh World
War.
Yes, there are positives and negatives the cycle of life. But yeah, it's uh it's just uh good to get back to talking about games again, remember playing
game?
Yeah, I mean 545 years ago I bought a brand new desktop just to play World worker. All right. Because I was playing on my laptop before. I'm like, okay, it's going so slow. It's a it's just the RAM is just so like all the specs are so bad. Really play it because you know how I want to play it at the highest setting so you can see the graphics.
And like the laptop obviously wasn't strong enough for at least buying more. That's okay. You want to put some money into a new banking stations? That's what I try to do now. But Or did. But now I've got a desktop that's over power for for what I use.
But
yeah. Uh but I think we've hit our 25 minutes.
Uh huh. Um I didn't feel like 25 minutes to me. Hopefully it didn't feel like 25 minutes to you,
remember?
we
go.
I
actually
wouldn't talk but I think I have to get back in my
got to pay for my kid.
well
well we have to answer that survey afterwards so I wow.
But anyway good luck. But hopefully
I
guess you said you have a fiance many you'll have a wedding date planned or is it?
What about
you?
Well whenever that happens, congratulations and
have fun. Don't don't stay in texas because it's too getting hot. You
should go Spaniards. Tell her to go out there. That a Wisconsin. What?
they
said