the camera there it is. Mhm Yeah.
Ready? What?
See his head and let me back up there. Oh, I see ahead,
hold on stuff. I'm going to have to get out of the channel for just a bit. Yeah Mhm All right, sorry, it's on another chat too. Yeah, I do. I'm a streamer so comes with that. Yeah,
that's
how you doing
well.
Right. Um did you say what I stream or
oh, games for the most part?
Um pretty much anything and everything um mm Oh shooters um action games. I mean it just depends on what I feel like playing
was.
I don't know.
that depends on
your play style. Um Oh um, cyberpunk I would probably gear tours because it's a RPG and I think it's going to have a lot more stain power Valhalla. I don't do Open World too well because I get bored or whatever and there's too much involved so I probably myself wouldn't go at that one and the other one I'm not sure too much about, but I know cyberpunk, it comes from a legacy brand that is well known for putting together good games and big ones and they also in the past have given away so much free content after the games of Hit as well as DLC here and there, that
I think it would be a pretty good deal because like I said, I think I think they'll probably do the same with that game with amount of content coming out after release. So.
No, um it's basically a well it's cyberpunk game. Um it's set in 2077 in a futuristic uh society um where it's kind of a techno um game where there's a lot of technology, Androids and stuff and morality issues and so on. I mean they deal with a lot of morality in that game and a lot of choices and they actually matter. Um Just like in The Witcher three was made by them if you're aware that came. So
they
It's I think it's based on another series, I don't think it's original I. P. But I do know that based on what they did with which or three they're cranking it up even further, a cyberpunk so if you are aware of the Richard three it's the same company and it's probably gonna be kind of similar in that it's going to be pretty big and lasting. So
yeah I've had some people play that again, that's an open world, it's RPG but it's not an RPG because it's more of a shooter um But it's an open world um there's missions and stuff to do but it's pretty open ended on how you do them and so on. I haven't really touched that series except for the older ones and then they went open world and I just like
if you ever
pray
crisis
it kind of is in that vein of where it went Open world. They actually bought it from the makers of crisis. That hip um Far car was originally made by the same creators. Uh I cry Tech which made crisis but then they sold it to Um you be soft and then they've released like five or so games since something like that. You can't go over that.
No
I'm not. I've
seen
it. I've heard good things about that one so I don't think you could go wrong there if you like shooters and more open world type stuff so.
Yes.
So
to.
Um if you like Dota and you want something more like three D. Um there's actually came called Smite, it's free. Um It's basically legal legends or go to in three D. Where you control a character in three D. But it operates pretty much the same and that there's lanes and so on.
Yes might
what it's on all major platforms Capital and it's cross play with all major platforms so
and like I said it's it's three D. Basically you control your character as it is more of a shooter than a click your mouse to move type thing but it has abilities and so on just like and then it basically is a mobile so if you're if you're into that kind of gameplay but want to move on to something or something more three D. That would be about the only one that's like it. There was another one but they shut down there was another one development that is shutting down. This might have been around for years, so I don't see them having a problem.
I've played it quite a bit. Um Now I will be honest um it's a good game, but the players can piss you off um because the players will either return, not retreat because they don't care, don't know when to or they will retreat too much, we're leaving you to die or at the first sign of trouble will vote to forfeit. And I did for starting, but I'm sure that probably happens in the other dotted style games too, so. Mhm.
and
because
I kept getting those players, I'm not ranked, but even they they have like a player level type thing where they know about what your skill level is and try to put you with regular or people around that. Well, obviously they're gonna keep putting me crap that they put me with crap and I keep losing with crap so um
if
I had
There
is a three versus 3 single laying joust as it's called um with a forest on each side of the single lane and then there is a three or five lane as well. Five on five or whatever, just like data. Yeah
okay
with
towers
and phoenixes and the boss at the end and all that, it's just it's basically a three D. Version of it.
They also have a first person shooter called paladins which is kind of like Overwatch and it's free cross platform and I try to explain people about that. It was basically, it's very similar to Smite the kind of similar and then you can customize your character is a little bit except you just go out and try to kill just like an Overwatch instead of more focused
on the
abilities and retreating. And more strategic because Dota is more strategic impel it is just kill kill kill. So. No pretty much.
Um I can't get into I I've tried legal legends and such. I can't do the click click click to move. I know I've I've come from an RTs background playing Starcraft More Craft three Starcraft 2 and all that but for that kind of game I'd rather have the W. A. S. D. Movement if I was to play with that kind of abilities but they don't allow that so it's like I stray away from it. Um.
Well kind of comes with what I do.
Um Yeah there's not much else I can do so. Yeah I have been.
yes I do
no I'm I'm disabled so there's not a whole lot that I can do anyways. So this is something I started about almost six months ago and I've been going at it. So
most
amazing
part is that my old equipment actually functions. Yeah.
Yeah. Um my computer's from 2013. Um
But I remote into one in another state that is more up to date and then I control it to stream and play on. And then I use a cell phone for a camera. Um another cell phone to control the stream. An old monitor for the chat and then an old iPad four from 2010 for the monitor. So
I basically connect to the other machine. I control it as if it was sitting in front of me and I just use it like I would hear.
Yeah it's this one is out of Chicago but they have data centers all across the world.
it's like 15 a month but it's got equivalent to uh And Video 1080 in it. So They have the new ones coming but 2020 has delayed that so Yeah.
Shadow.
steady
is a joke basically. Or steady you have to buy the games from them and then you're locked there. You're basically paying for a pc game that you can't use on a regular pc. Uh huh. However this one you bring your own pc games or you can buy them from Steam Origin blizzard wherever you want to bring them in from um download them from the game companies themselves and play whatever. It's basically a full game Windows gaming desktop, you're not limited to there. And even if you get your own eventually you can just use it on your own unlike stadium which is locked, their service and you must use their service to access your games. So
that's why
I tell
people
avoid
stadia.
What was that?
Um The game pass basically just grants you access to play games as long as your subscription is valid. Um Whatever library they have at that time. Um The uh the amazon luna, I'm not sure what that is. Um I know they're working on some type of similar text and and video has similar with their G force now or whatever but again, you're locked into what they offer and have to buy through them generally. So
you can't just install whatever you want on there and use it like you can on the other. And that's what I tell people, if you want the real deal go to shadow, don't mess around with anybody that locks you in. Yeah. So
it's sleep.
Yeah. Yeah. And I actually this service is about 1199, or something a month. Yeah, it doesn't have a lot of storage. Four games but they also sell additional storage And it's like $1.99 per 256 gigs or something. So it's not expensive to add more storage as long as you're not trying to install 100 games at once, you're pretty pretty well off. Yeah.
Yeah.
Her
has
been
away
is it?
So even if you were to sign up a shot or you might have to wait up to a month to actually get your machine
different, they've had delays due to so many people wanting their service. And right before uh Covid hit they had just lowered the price by like over half. And then it's like everybody jumped on now, they're like trying to fill the orders while still trying to upgrade to the new machines and there's been yeah, you might have to wait for about a month. But it's worth the wait. Honestly, if you don't have a good pc and you need one, that's definitely one way to get it. But so. Mhm.
To buy a pc equivalent to that would be at least a grand or two part breaks. You're basically screwed with this one apart breaks. You just log into another set of hardware. You every time you log in, you're on another hardware, you're not locked to any specific piece of hardware, whatever they have. Open at that time, basically your hard drive becomes attached to it. New log in. Um So it's a dynamic hardware type system where Peace Fells, you just can start another log out and log back in and you're basically on different hardware, that
kind of
thing.
We're on Windows. If you've used Windows then it's basically the same as that. So It's essentially it's the same as running windows. It's it is running windows, it's running Windows 10. So if you can set up and use Windows 10, you can set it up. Yeah, so Yeah. Yeah, it's it's fairly easy to come to terms. I think you've used Windows, but and I just tell people if you were to buy a computer on credit, You'd be paying anywhere between $30 and $70 a month and payments for a year.
This one's like 12, 13 something bucks a month. And if hardware goes out you're covered and it's still cheaper than buying the hardware. So, and you can use it on your phone, you can use it on android, Apple, you can use it on some smart devices, you get on laptops, other Linux or Windows or Mac. I mean they pretty much cover everything you can log in from almost any device and you,
so,
um, it's not big. Um, they're called Blade, Shadow Blade or whatever and they're, they're apparently knew, I think two or three years, but they've been doing pretty well for themselves and their tech is second to none because there was another service that was around and tried to do this before Shadow came out and they were a mess. They were unlimited and then cost a lot, a lot, a lot more than this, like three or four times that.
Uh, and then they said, oh then you can play for free if you watch ads. So people started doing that, then they took that away. Then they started limiting the time that he paid. People could even use it and then they shut down and since then they've been advertising that they're going to come back doing better. And it's like, you've already been beaten now, you messed up, you basically screwed everybody over and pissed everybody off and now somebody else is doing what you were doing and doing it better than you ever did. I mean, I'm using it on five in bed connection and it works damn well. So I guess that they've done something no other company basically was able to do before google got involved before in videos. Got their check together and so on. I don't know, they're doing it at the hardware level basically. Instead of the software. Yeah. And that's probably why they're succeeding where other companies have felled.
Um, I think they're called Shadow Blade or Blade or something like that. Oh, um, trying to, they used to go under one name and then they kind of, um, yeah, they're called Blade. Um They're based out of like um France or something but they've accepted all across the UK and it looks like they have some in Korea and so on now and they've expanded across the United States and pretty much they're available now so
Have a Crappy one. That's one way to get a better one.
I want
to
Yeah I would I mean you can use the laptop, you can even hook up like a mouse and keyboard to phone and use it that way. So I mean you can use it pretty much however on whatever device. So yeah I'd work on a laptop as long as the laptop is I think 2015 or newer or something like that because it needs to be powerful enough to be able to decode the video stream fast enough, that kind of thing. But Okay.
big trouble.
Yeah, then it probably should work. I mean like I said, um it's basically you're controlling the video, you're watching a video and you're controlling it so yeah, the
lower
Okay, um you can pretty much put anything on there. I mean as long as you have storage space, I said they do have limited storage but they also sell additional storage for like two bucks per like um 2 56 gigs or something like that. So I got it right now. I have a I've terabyte extra storage on mine.
Say that
Well yeah, but then you go to games like call of duty and they're taking three or 400 gigs. Okay,
that's ridiculous because that almost takes up half the hard drive. Oh
Black Black Ops Cold War just came out.
literally just came out like yeah, last night I think
I haven't been able to acquire yet.
I think it's like 60, 70 something like that
price for new games. Uh huh. Yeah.
new
ones. I'll do that. The
price
just
assassin's
creed. There's a solution for that too. Um Ubisoft has what they call you play plus it's
month and you get the maximum best edition of the game with all DLC. So for $15 a month you can play the latest games. The older games with all DLC and content. Not you don't have to buy it because it's included basically. So that's that's what I recommend is like if you're gonna play Ubisoft game, I would subscribe for that for one month or so. Whatever it takes for you to beat it and play the crap out of it. And then if you don't need to play any more of their games let the sub expire. I mean I'm sure a ton of people do that. They sub they play what they want, then they stopped. It's I've done that a few times and it's just it's fine because like I said, they give you the best edition of the game. So.
And even if you do two months that's still $30 versus 60 or so for a game. So
you
could
play it effectively
for
four months plus any of the other games For the cost of one. And then you got e. A. Doing that too um on theirs. And that's a good deal too. You can get an entire year for like 100 something and you can play any of their games except they don't always include the DLC or all the DLC or expansions. They have the base games and maybe some extra. Sometimes
they're
not quite as generous.
The what now?
I've had it in the past, I used it for the division to a few times
I
have accurately um That they don't give all the DLC. Sometimes they'll give some of it but not all of it. Um Sometimes like for the sims four, they won't give you all the expansions that have come out, we'll give you the base game and then maybe a couple or so
I said you can probably get the A one I think if you subscribe for a year at a time And I think it's like $15 a month normally or something like that. Um
Maybe
30
20 or $30 for the better version of that, which has the newest games available. But I mean you can still get that for like 100 and something a month or a year and just play whatever you want throughout the year. So it's still better than going out and buying each game individually
if
you're
going to
play
yeah if you're going to play a bunch of games from that company or games that they put in their library from other companies because they do have some of those then that's the best way to go. And now Steam is offering that um E. A. Has teamed up with them to offer that even so and now it's also gonna be an Xbox game pass
and so you get all the Xbox games plus that now
so
Well ea is being like open minded about things. Again it's like okay we removed all our stuff from Steam but not only are we coming back to Steam we're gonna start selling our subscription with Steam and we're gonna also team up with Xbox to basically with your subscription to the Xbox game pass you have access to this. Yeah. Uh huh. So
ea
suppose its
worst company for gamers is doing better than some of the others. Yeah. Yeah.
Although
I will
say
it could
be soft as it better because they do give all the expansions and shit but they're not the only one doing better than E. A. Is on that.
Um I don't know probably not any time soon namely because one it's expensive and two right um I would be able to afford the games for it anyways. Mhm.
Yeah something like that and that's like ridiculous I mean and the thing is the Xbox is redundant now if you have a good gaming pc any game that comes out exclusive to the Xbox is also on Windows now is also on pc. So you effectively don't even need an Xbox anymore. Any game that comes out on that is on Pc. If it's first party anyways,
The PS five has sunny exclusives that do not breach PC like ever. So to play them, you're obviously going to need a PS five or whatever to play them.
Well. There's a lot of people like the God of War series, there's the last series is probably gonna have another, maybe the Uncharted series. Um There's a lot more like the order if they ever released another one of those that was a good game that deserves better than it got. Um But Sony has a lot of titles but now they might not get the NXT Elder scrolls game and Sony is not happy about that, but Microsoft just bought uh the basically the company that owns Bethesda which is the creators of the elder scrolls series and is the ones that also own Fallout,
So now that they own that, I'm not sure if they're going to allow it to release on the Sony platform, they
might
keep an exclusive to Windows and the Xbox platform. That's what Sonny would do if he was like, well maybe Microsoft should do that too, But
the next game 18 coming out for a couple of years at least. So was it the loud or not personally? I think the game companies need to start working together. If the game is on multiple platforms, they should make them all work together and a lot of them are moving that way. But not enough, Sonny was holding out, so there's not enough doing that. I mean the Call of Duty, the latest one is the one that just uh last year's or whatever is um smite is paladins is um Rocket League is a lot of them are going completely cross platform but if that trend continues, I don't know but it seems like it probably will. It finally looks like they're setting differences aside and saying, hey let's just gamers be gamers, whatever platform they're playing on, it's the same damn game, why not? Thanks go spent plan. So
So
yeah a lot of them, a lot of those games these days are releasing and allowing players to play from wherever they are, Microsoft and Nintendo one of that. And obviously with pc um they wanted to do that. No because
I'm
still,
Yeah, so I said everybody was like well we're gonna work together and somebody's like nope not doing it. And then eventually Sony came around and now they're starting to like if it's the same game let them play. Yeah, I mean otherwise you're gonna have games dead on one platform versus alive on another. That happens too many times. We're on one platform, it worked really well. And then another platform, there's next to no one playing. Mhm. So if you could play together across platforms, you don't have that problem. Mhm.
There is a lot of them like, Okay, for instance, the Division two um is on studio to play with people from stadium, you have to turn on or leave on a default option to enable cross player stadium. I'm like, why? I'm like, City is just pc. It's like why do we have to have crossplay? Just what? It's stupid. It's not like it's it's own platform even, It's just a cloud based PC with a pretty front end and I just Yeah, City, it pisses me off. Well, that's because they're selling product that's so inferior to something else out there, and then they're selling games on it. And knowing google's history, google has shut down services just because, well, they felt like it and how long before they pull stadium because the same things happen, they're not seeing it working out. So they pulled the plug, what's going to happen? All the games people bought on there.
And it's like, well, if you had went the shadow route, you own those games, you can take them back to your own PC or you can take them to another service or something. But because you own the games like on steam, I log into my steam account and have access to all 800 and some games. I'm not locked. I can do whatever. I can get a new computer and play it on that one. I can get another computer and play it on that one. But if you get stadia, it's stadia shuts down. You're just it's gone
actually I think way more than that. But
I don't know, I got a lot of buckles over the years on top of just buying them on cells. And The sad part is and the sad part is that probably only played like 10 or 20 of them.
Yeah, I haven't I don't know what half of them are. I go through the list, go, what's this game? And I've been actually going through the list and tell them basically categorizing them by what kind of game they are and if they're bad or completed and that kind of thing and it's just there's so many of them on there. First up the remainder
sometimes it's like, OK, I've been winning that game or I wanted it in the past or that looks good and I'll buy it and sell and then I never get around to it because something else is going on at that time and then I never get back and then all of a sudden like, oh wait, that game. Yeah, Right happens
all the
time.
Um, not really. I did for a little bit, but since hitting affiliate on twitch, I've been streaming exclusively there. Um, occasionally I'll put supposed to clip or something from the stream on youtube. Youtube is not a platform. I used to heavily anyways. Yes,
primarily. Yeah. Mm yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. I do, uh, do kind of insane stuff on there. That's the only thing.
I do Hassan shots.
I take hot sauce and I do shots of them like
an alcoholic shots. I also do nasty soda, uh, eat nasty jelly beans, like the harry potter ones and so on eight spicy jelly beans and all kinds of stuff on there. So it's not just gaming but hey.
All right so yeah
that's
Well
it's I'm not hard to find. Um It's
Star G store.
no G as in off
morning, Star G as in golf,
you'll see the same local that's behind me, you'll know when you're in the right place. Pretty
much.
Yeah I'm planning to hopefully go live again tonight here in a bit. But that's after we conclude this basically
Um 25 minutes. We've been at this for about 30 something, so any time basically
so,
yep I'll talk to you later, maybe see you around in the stream.