SPEAKER_L: you want to do something? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Think a little things. Oh no. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. The number one, Yeah. Hello? What, how's it going?
SPEAKER_R: Okay, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Pretty good. Um
SPEAKER_R: wow,
SPEAKER_L: Do you ah do you care if I start a timer for us?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's fine. Mhm. Is your first time doing this for a second?
SPEAKER_L: Uh That's actually, yeah. My second you,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: how's your first one to go?
SPEAKER_R: I guess to I get to identify just a woman she would stay at home with. What's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The guy I got was He's free. He was pretty chill, like we just I think he was expecting me to be like some sort of like 70 year old man. Yeah, he wasn't he wasn't
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: too sure what to expect. It was it was definitely his first time doing one of those, so yeah, my name is Jesse by the way.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm dan nice to meet you too.
SPEAKER_L: That's right, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Are you in your living room? Looks like it and says,
SPEAKER_L: it's kind of like the office uh slash living room, you know slash just where I spent 80% of my day,
SPEAKER_R: I'm at my friend's apartment, I just remember about this, I'm like
SPEAKER_L: hey?
SPEAKER_R: I wasn't going to go home.
SPEAKER_L: No worries. I just woke up like 15 minutes ago, so I
SPEAKER_R: That's what
SPEAKER_L: work nights, so yeah, I have
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: a calendar and everything, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: uh do you like a tech support call center stuff? I work from home, I was actually telecommuting before the whole pandemic started, so my uh my work life changed pretty much. Absolutely not at all when this all started.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Well um for me I'm I'm in a doctoral project program. Um I'm like rotations at hospitals right now and I guess, you know you're supposed to be you know, helping patients like physically. But since of kobane we've been everything's been Remillard home to.
SPEAKER_L: That's crazy. I can't imagine working in health, anything health related right now, honestly, or medicine or hospitals or anything like that, It's absolutely gotta be crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, like I so like for me I'm a pharmacist or student pharmacist and yeah, I haven't even worked at the like cbs in the past probably four or five months because my parents are like at risk and I don't want to you know like some people might believe in or some don't but I'm not going to take the risk especially
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah. Yeah, No, absolutely, definitely. Uh I don't, I'm in Arizona, so yeah, we're just having giant spikes because people just, we're literally having people rallying about not wearing masks, like.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. There's a lot of discussion that I could go into that too.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, it's like, I feel like sometimes the world or is just a bunch of toddlers, it's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: just just put on like, who cares if, if maybe it doesn't like prevent everything, like put on a piece of fabric so that, you know, the science proven thing can, can stop spreading as much as it is,
SPEAKER_R: no that's the funny
SPEAKER_L: some
SPEAKER_R: thing.
SPEAKER_L: place.
SPEAKER_R: Also it's like I have had these people like imagine healthcare pressures, they still wear masks before the pandemic to do surgery or to do anything And it's always more than 30 minutes for like grocery ship. They're actually doing important stuff, they don't complain. So uh
SPEAKER_L: I mean they got to wear the, like you got to wear those things hours upon hours a day. I try to put them on for, you know, 40 minutes or so and my ears are already hurting.
SPEAKER_R: yeah no the standard ones definitely hurt some
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: people for sure. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like, uh, so this is your, this is your friend's apartment you said? Oh
SPEAKER_R: is not my this is no,
SPEAKER_L: man, come on.
SPEAKER_R: I mean yeah this is this is what Adventures poster. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: mean we can talk about that too. So like I'm like, I'm a guy that you know, likes a little bit of everything. So
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: you said you did your like you do like I. T. Type like what kind of things?
SPEAKER_L: Uh, you know, I'm just, I've been, I've been basic, uh, sort of tier one sort of everything support, um, for the company I've been working with for the past six years or so. I work, I work in education. So yeah, it's been, it's been interesting. A lot of, a lot of concerns. Students, parents, you know, calling in trying to figure out what's going on. Our response to covid and what we're doing to be a class is safe again coming in the fall. I honestly don't think it's going to happen like alright, as much as there optimistic about trying to start back up again in the fall, like I just don't see it. I feel like the announcement is going to come at some point. Like, hey, we're just going to stay online for the fall. Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: I mean that's what I like most of the university, so I'm from michigan, most of the universities is predicting like if we get a second wave, which we haven't even hit the lowest for the first week, that usually the winter time will be remote and like the fall, so the first two months of school they'll go in, but then like what's the point? And then so like what?
SPEAKER_L: Uh so, so I'm curious your, you've got probably, I mean, not probably much, much more of a background and medical stuff than I do obviously. Um because I, I've heard a little bit about, you know, we're seeing spikes now, but it's still not like, it's still not what like the experts would call like the second wave, like what distinguishes that like the second wave or whatever between like what we're seeing now if you
SPEAKER_R: as
SPEAKER_L: if you know or have
SPEAKER_R: from a pharmacy perspective, I don't know, I also have a degree in public health, but my my my first degrees pharmacy, but I haven't followed in a lot when it comes to the public health perspective, but when it comes to the, like, like you said, the second, like when does it slump, and when does it t and that's when, depending on your state's guidelines, I know from michigan for us is when we actually reach, there's five phases in michigan, I'm not sure about for Arizona, So we were at a phase, I think of Phase three, then we went back to a phase for now. So like, basically it's, so once we go down to like, like phase one or, you know, there's no more phases, that's when you consider a slump or from the CDCs guidelines is, I think it's um what was it? 14 days? No, no, Yeah, two weeks, at least two weeks without any new cases, which is impossible for a miracle right now. I don't I don't think there's been a day that said there's no cases in the state,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: that's, that's when it's slumping. Uh that's the CDCs guidelines, but it varies for states. So from michigan, we reverted back to a phase, we're now when businesses, I think it was bars in certain restaurants, they can't have customers inside now for like just sitting in and eating because it's that bad again. And it's like people aren't following things like they should, which isn't hard, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean there's really not. It's really not. I don't know, I mean that difficult. I feel like it's
SPEAKER_R: and yeah, from my healthcare perspective, it's like, like if you care about yourself, just, you know, listen, like it doesn't hurt you for uh, you know,
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: putting it on.
SPEAKER_L: know what I want? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Dude,
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: will,
SPEAKER_R: know, bro, it's, and then then you have people in the hospital and it's realizing like, wow, you know, like, no, like, you know, it's my mistake. I didn't think this was real. But fortunately for me, like the hospital I've been at for like this, how many weeks? Not like three weeks, there hasn't been a case that that's been on my floor on my floor. So that's so I worked for like one unit on one floor and so like 2020 patients and There's no one. So that's good. But still like if if our state's reverting back, that means the other states around us, despite them, you know, doing good, they might revert back to because I don't know about where you're from. But our like people initially and they're very dumb drive to other states, get haircuts to eat because of the restrictions are so tight. So anyone living in the border would drive to different states just because the guidelines are looser.
SPEAKER_L: wow. That's what I mean. Like, I mean Arizona, like what like, I feel like we were the first to start the whole like huge spikes that we're seeing. Like in more places now, it was like, like Arizona, we're like, we're like that the center for a while there and then and then it became texas and then I don't even know what it is now. So yeah I know are not are not any smarter. Um You know
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: I don't think they bothered like driving to any other neighboring states. They just they just go to their barbers now without masks because you know, nothing is required of anyone here. This is America freedom.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God, that would be scary living there. Like I would be.
SPEAKER_L: You know? Honestly dude like i it's literally we're going on what now like 3 4 months of this truth. Yeah. Sorry about your friend over here. Um yeah we've basically been like we've
SPEAKER_R: Welcome.
SPEAKER_L: basically been like quarantined like almost the entire time. Just in fact today is the first day we're really going to go uh to do anything with a couple of our friends. We're gonna we're gonna we're gonna try to resume if we can do it safely, like our role play sessions because we haven't been able to do like R. D. And D. Game for like four months
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: and we've all been missing it
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: guys been I'm glad you guys have been following like um so I live with two other pharmacists as well. But like we we we found another roommate from craigslist. Let me tell you. She so she likes to play DND and all this stuff, she doesn't care bro. She would bring her friends over like you know how long the indie games last? Right? And I'm like I'm like you have three other like roommates are health professionals but she doesn't believe that Covid is like real. She doesn't believe
SPEAKER_L: But.
SPEAKER_R: it's impacting her but your roommates are health professionals. And like for us, you know how stupid it is. We have to we're fucking mask when we go into the living room, we have to wipe down and shit because
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: she doesn't practice anything,
SPEAKER_L: gonna be so awful for like I mean like at the very least I can say I feel like super safe and comfortable in my home you know like like we're like especially at the beginning of it now obviously as like the months have gone on you know we've definitely grown a little bit a little bit more lax but I feel like that's because more and more studies and information has come out so we realized like we don't have to be as nervous about certain things like we didn't do any take out like we were like no no like as few like outside items in in our house as possible so we we would order our groceries and then when they come we'd spend like would be like a big 30 40 minute ever. And I certainly literally be out there like I have I have clean table and then like contaminated the table and I wipe everything down with like wipes and then handed
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: off,
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: put it in the fridge. And so what we did obviously we didn't see anybody, we didn't go anywhere. Um But then like it's time to go on and we learned like oh yeah like it's actually pretty you know pretty difficult for the virus to like continue living on surfaces and you're probably not going to catch it like from contaminated like surfaces so to speak. You know we still wipe stuff down but we're you know we've gotten some take out here and there now so I don't know, but just to have the perspective that it's just like fake what
SPEAKER_R: But like
SPEAKER_L: what, what
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: are you talking
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: about?
SPEAKER_R: I know and like like like like I get like I'm like like you're telling me this now. I'm like why can't they like I understand, you know hanging out with friends and socializing like constant certain games like that. It's important. But I'm like you can wait a month or two, you know, like it's not necessary and like you're right, everything has been losing, which is fine. It's just it's like if you want to protect yourself and others just put on a mask. That's it.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Oh yeah, I know for sure and like, you know, we're still like kind of nervous about it, you know, to be honest because you know, we're kind of, I don't know, we're probably fighting a little bit of that agora phobia to just actually get out of our house but um but no, like the setup where we're going like my friend's house, we're all going to be six ft away from each other mask the whole time, like we're not we're not going to be like, you know, getting plates and eaten and all that stuff there. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: No I mean definitely
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: do.
SPEAKER_L: all took our temperatures before and like we're texting each other like what's our temperatures, you know? So
SPEAKER_R: Dude, that's that's that's
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I feel like we're being as safe as we possibly can. I mean is it is it a little bit of a risk like? Yeah, it is like, I mean there's no denying that, but two of my friends are actually not necessarily health care, but there they're psychologists and they're like, well, I mean there's still like going to school and training have
SPEAKER_R: Where
SPEAKER_L: like practice bombs and stuff like that and they're still seeing patients. Uh They do a cognitive testing for like older people mostly and but other people with like, you know, some sort of cognitive issue like dementia, you know, memory stuff, all that anyway. But so they still see patients uh here and there like a couple of days a week. But you know, and again they're they're facility, they try to be as safe as possible, take people's temperatures, masks required. Um So anyway, yeah, we're trying to be as safe as possible. But yeah, like, you know, if, I don't know, I don't know when, when like, because you probably realized or knew that this was going to be like a thing before I did, but like the moment I realized like, oh, this is this is this is real and this is bad is as soon as like the sports, like the professional world of sports like started shutting down because I was like, no, there's no way like the people who run these organizations like lose all that money by shutting this down if this thing isn't serious like.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I was watching the game when the second quarter it was it was half time and they were supposed to come back but they didn't come back. I was like what's going on? And like the thing that's how it was serious for our institution or my university for us, especially in the pharmacy program. Like we knew it was serious sense of like in january and like and that's the thing. But like did we take precautions? No, we thought it was just like the flu, you know, wash your hands someone sick and well with Dawn type of stuff. I didn't think that was that serious. But yeah. No, when the when sports get serious people people believe it. Especially
SPEAKER_L: I know. That's why I'm sorry. It baffles me that like, like somebody like your roommate, like, I mean would have a perspective like that or something like you
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: know, a bunch of snowflake liberals who are saying this is a disease like you know, a lot of people losing a lot of money because of this and they wouldn't
SPEAKER_R: six.
SPEAKER_L: if they could help it like
SPEAKER_R: I mean I mean to get you alone. I mean like she's I mean like there's a very fine group of people like her that are I mean, hey, like
SPEAKER_L: and there.
SPEAKER_R: some people you can't, they believe their health is, you know, the best they believe there are. They're like, you know, if life wants me gone now I'll take it you know like I live to the government.
SPEAKER_L: That's such an irresponsible, it's like okay, it's fine. Like if you believe that then you know, ultimately like that that's kind of on you. But like you're that choice of yours doesn't just affect you like
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: now now like these health care workers have to deal with you or the people you spread this to who aren't as you know super health as you are have to deal with it. Like it's just so selfish. I'm just so sick of the self centeredness
SPEAKER_R: bro
SPEAKER_L: of american
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: culture.
SPEAKER_R: do my friends joke, we joke around like okay so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: if a pandemic
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: cannot
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: unite you know the citizens of America together with an alien invasion like
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: I'm probably
SPEAKER_R: like what
SPEAKER_L: not know
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: some be like
SPEAKER_R: it's fate seriously
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: because it's like a pandemic can't even get people to understand like the severity of how broken our system is when it comes to like health care or you know education or just you know everything but
SPEAKER_L: What? No I yeah it is it is kind of sad isn't it like because like I don't know um I don't know how old you are anything but like I remember I remember after 9-11 like I just did like never I didn't feel any of like the divisiveness you know like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: was it was tragic and it was awful but like I feel like it was it was one of those moments where it's like we all kind of came together and like it was we were just there for each other kind of thing, you know, I don't know how long that felt like it lasted and well and you know to be fair now I'm thinking about it like obviously there was a bunch of shit that went down with profiling like any like Islamic or arab americans or anything like that So you know, maybe that's just the my white privilege kicking in or something like Oh yeah, it was fine. It was those were good times, but I don't yeah, I don't feel like we're ever going to see uh that, that you know, a united America anymore. Honestly like the rhetoric on on all sides has just gotten so polarized and bizarre. It's just something is gonna happen sadly. I mean like a neutral disease that wants to kill everybody equally is not going to do it, you know?
SPEAKER_R: That's the thing that's all that's why we joke around like it's an alien invasion gonna do like what the fuck is gonna do it Like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: know Russians didn't do it, North Korea didn't do it like what the far what?
SPEAKER_L: It's like, like all of the, all of the fictional like movie like villains have come out of the woodwork and still like, nah you're you're dumb, you're wrong. I don't even man.
SPEAKER_R: no it's it's very decisive you know and
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: just, you know honestly like I I've grown more um I just really trying to look out for my family, my friends myself, you know, my my area as much as possible because like, I feel like that's all I can really do, you know, like is just trying to put some good out in the world, like in my circle uh because I I just I'm definitely not one of those people who believes anybody on the internet is willing to change their minds, so I just don't really see the point having debates or conversations on social media platforms. You know, like I have a face to face conversation with somebody, like that's like I I was I was actually imagining this morning when I woke up like, oh, man, what if what if I turn the camera on and this guy is wearing like a mega hat or some shit?
SPEAKER_R: Dude, you realized I was I was like would I stay in order
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: to to understand someone's perspective or would I leave because
SPEAKER_L: I know,
SPEAKER_R: you know I'm
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: not like ready
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: for this
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: emotionally.
SPEAKER_L: thought.
SPEAKER_R: You're like then I agree. I I I legit thought the same thing too because it's like you know, you never know like you know are like how how did you feel this day? Like are you ready to listen to someone from that other side? It's
SPEAKER_L: I have
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: to imagine this. I mean it takes a lot of, it takes a lot of effort. I'm like you know I don't I don't have anybody like that in my my my social circle right? Like I purged those. I don't have a lot of you know, I'm not one of those people who has like a big family where I have to like tolerate a bunch of perspectives that I don't really agree with from like a large family unit. So like my my small family, we're all kind of on the same page and so that it's really just my friends um and my girlfriend's family who again on the same page, her extended family maybe, I don't know but they're kind of in boston we never really interact with them. So yeah I just, I don't have anybody like that in my life. Like I've never I don't really have those conversations of like oh you know you need to try to educate them or like
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: I start to the tolerance for it. Honestly I'm like if you're like if I need to convince you of these very like basic fundamental things like I'm sorry like I just don't feel like you're really like worth my time like.
SPEAKER_R: No I know I agree. And like at the same time it's I mean that's good that you purchase yourself for like like for my social circle it's like when trump has became president it's giving them this validation that what they thought in their head, it's okay to speak on public now and like you get to see that from your friends, from your co workers, you know and your colleagues and I'm like so this is who you were this entire time. But it took, you know, and like
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: the President of the United States just gave you permission to be racist to be xenophobic, no to be all of this. And
SPEAKER_L: Fuck
SPEAKER_R: and there's people in the healthcare field, especially like in my program that are gonna be like pharmacists working at the hospital, you know, work at cbs whatever
SPEAKER_L: scare.
SPEAKER_R: walgreen threat and like it's not yeah, they believe in colvin everything, but when it comes to, you know with this whole thing with you know, black people getting killed by systemically by police officers, right? Like they my friend who's asian, she's like and she's she's going to be a pharmacist to and you know what she says, she's like why is it black lives matter? Why is it not all lives matter? And like and I'm like you're in the healthcare field and you're saying this right now as well like like hello? Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: it's in it.
SPEAKER_L: it's just it's incomprehensible to me. Like I just don't I don't I don't understand I just I I feel like compassion is not that hard people like like why is compassion so hard?
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: don't know. And the thing the thing is a pandemic should unite not divide but
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: it's just not it's not happening like if anything I feel like you know it's you know I've I've seen a lot of these you know you know memes and stuff obviously and they're not you know, whatever. But it's just funny how like the side that is usually so like, oh yeah, I'll go to war and like I'll get my guns out and I'll take back America. Like, like they're also the ones like complaining about wearing like a piece of cloth over their face. Like it's like, okay, so clearly this isn't about like, oh you just want in perfect freedom. It's just like this fantasy you guys want to get to of storm in the streets with your little militia groups, squads, you know, and, and just taking out all the snowflakes or whatever are ruining America. Like in your perspective, it's just dude, it's scary. I'm just like, it's just scary.
SPEAKER_R: No it is.
SPEAKER_L: can I, can I ask if it's like, you don't know me like and it's probably not like fair of me to ask, but I'm just curious does he seem pretty open about talking about this stuff. Like
SPEAKER_R: What's up?
SPEAKER_L: what kind of discriminations have you been facing it all with this whole like I know people have been going like
SPEAKER_R: I mean as an asian?
SPEAKER_L: xenophobic and just asian like you know it doesn't matter if you're chinese Vietnamese whatever this. Like there's like oh you know you look asian, clearly you must be chinese and thanks for the disease kind of shit. Like have you been facing that at like at work?
SPEAKER_R: No like one of the main reasons why didn't I stop working on cbs despite you know like because of my parents, you know health status was because you know you like despite you know working with the people I've worked with for years they give this you know, you can like feel of different like prejudice there. It's an uncomfortable feeling when working, especially the pharmacy, you're supposed to communicate with everyone when you're you know when you're either filling the prescription or just talking to patients when they have questions to come in. You can sense that distancing like okay why why are you looking at me this way? Why are you being more soft spoken? A lot more avoidance to me just because I'm asian and you know it's like we didn't bring the virus here. Yeah like it's like just because it's supposed to come from china, you know it doesn't mean genetically the viruses in this. Like that doesn't make any sense.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's just it's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: active in you now.
SPEAKER_R: yeah and like like and that's the most when it comes to prejudice when it comes to like I literally go outside like once every two weeks shopping like Sam's club or Costco and gratefully the community I'm in it's more diverse so that people I see are more people of color in there too. And um predominantly you know we're everyone in our community is not like that. But if we go to somewhere like Home Depot or Lowe's, we are a majority of people, they are white people. You know like you get looks and stares because it's like why is his asian in a home improvement store? Like what is he doing? You know, he doesn't belong here type of stuff.
SPEAKER_L: I'm like
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: thing is,
SPEAKER_L: I'll never understand that right? Like I'll never you know even even with like the the conversations going on where you know it's like white culture and you know white privilege obviously the root of all this. Like I still I still will never feel that like that sort of prejudice directed to me. Uh So like Japan. Oh well yeah, I mean we went on a trip to Japan and we
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: trust me.
SPEAKER_L: we got we got like some we got some we got some some store owners that would follow us around in the shop, but I feel like that wasn't because I was necessarily like a white guy was just because I was not like a Japanese looking person because I just feel like that's kind of how I think in my knowledge of like Japanese historically and culturally it's like foreigners in general uh kind of yield that like that sort of reaction. Not
SPEAKER_R: No trust me. Like my
SPEAKER_L: necessarily
SPEAKER_R: like my
SPEAKER_L: even then like I didn't I didn't really feel that you know that that feeling that you know, you can't take your skin off, you can't make yourself like look different, you know what I mean, like you're stuck with that and I just, I'm really sorry,
SPEAKER_R: dude, you don't need to apologize.
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: It's not
SPEAKER_L: pisses me off and like I just
SPEAKER_R: trust me. It's it's it's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: for me it's like I don't understand what's going on because it's like you've been taught this, you should be able to do, you know, differentiate between wrong and right. Like
SPEAKER_L: Price
SPEAKER_R: it's just a color. It doesn't like, you know, like I don't get it. How does a color like, you know, like differentiate the status where you are in this ladder that's, you know, you put yourself on like and it's, it's very, I, I mean like no one will ever understand it and we all know, you know, racism is taught, it's taught, it's learned. It's not a behavior that everyone is born with. So, and hopefully like,
SPEAKER_L: satisfied.
SPEAKER_R: like, like for me, like my partner and I were not playing advocates. I don't know about you and your girlfriend. But like in this type of society, it's not for me, it's like, like it's very decisive and it's like, I don't know if I could live in and you know, have a girl to have a kid where I have to teach them like, hey, like yeah, your color skin, maybe like I have to name my kid, you know, american name. So they don't have to be able to fully like my name yet stan but like when you write it down it's not pronounced
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: stan. So like obviously they're going to see my foreigner every time they read my name and like these things like I don't wanna be rude but like american people, they don't need to think about these things when they have kids, it's like I'm just going to have a kid and raise it. They don't need to think about this stuff but for me it's like I have to and it sucks but it's reality and like I just hope you know like things change in the future. I don't know if uh november things will change because
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: one side,
SPEAKER_L: hope so. Like,
SPEAKER_R: one,
SPEAKER_L: please.
SPEAKER_R: once I we have a guy that needs like every dementia drugs and the other side, this current president is just, you know, crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Honestly, I I would take I would take a rabid wolverine over over another four years of trump at this point. Like, like anything I'm sorry is better than this because like, I feel like, I feel like if he gets, I mean honestly this is a whole other conversation by the way, we've already exceeded the 25 minutes. So whenever you want to head out, like don't let me keep you,
SPEAKER_R: no, that's
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: having a good conversation with you.
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: So I
SPEAKER_R: I am too. Uh the last time I had a conversation with someone that's not public health, it's probably like four months ago. So no actually the last time I had this conversation was with someone on this uh study thing.
SPEAKER_L: was that. Yeah. All right. So, no, don't worry. All right. So like the thing that I'm probably the most are not the most, but like one of the, you know, one of the yet myriad of things that I'm scared about right now and and worried about is this upcoming election and like all these news stories covering, you know, all kinds of things going on in the world. And I feel like the one thing that we haven't really heard anything about because obviously we know at this point whether or not, you know, it was official collusion was found, you know, from the president and you know, he got he got off on all that with the last election. Like we know the election was tampered with. Like we know that like what we didn't find the link to whatever was like trump's direct involvement in it, but nonetheless like we know it was tampered with. How is it not going to be tampered with this time? Like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: nobody
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: how have you heard anything like any news or coverage about that? Because like to me I'm just like nobody is talking about is like what's stopping this from happening again like.
SPEAKER_R: they're not because they talk about and that's it. There was no like what can we do to not have that happen again? They just accept it. Like I don't know if you notice like maybe in the past five or 10 years when things happen, America people in the news, you know everyone will be aware of it, they're just like oh it's so bad. Two weeks later it's like okay it's bad but that's like they're okay with it now
SPEAKER_L: Guy.
SPEAKER_R: and the people move on from it so quickly nowadays. So it's like this this Russian interference with you know, our daily lives whether being our political system or in our life there just like okay whatever we accept it, which makes no sense. Which makes no sense
SPEAKER_L: It really doesn't like I I'm definitely not one of those people who's gonna like gonna be like all of the media is doing this and that wrong. Like I I definitely think there are good, there are good journalistic organizations and there are not so good ones. Um I I do wish they were better obviously like everything can always be better. But I really feel like the only chance that we have is people, the news organizations themselves like becoming more you know, professional and accurate and then also people kind of getting their faith restored in media and like covers, I feel like that is hands down the one thing keeping us from like just completely like totalitarian sort of
SPEAKER_R: dude,
SPEAKER_L: sort of
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: state.
SPEAKER_R: know, I I agree because like with without fucking twitter putting a fucking oh trump's not lying today checkmark, it's like everyone's gonna fucking believe this dude on everything
SPEAKER_L: There's
SPEAKER_R: he's saying,
SPEAKER_L: plenty that still believe it regardless, right? But you know, like yes, like those things do help. Like they're important acknowledging bullshit and calling it for what it is is important because common sense is a dwindling resource in America so
SPEAKER_R: which makes no sense because we're not a developing nation, we're, you know, we're a first world nation. So your access to like education and knowledge is infinite yet it's completely opposite for not like accommodate people to
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: understand.
SPEAKER_L: you know, I feel like it's almost it's almost the opposite problem, right? It's like, you know, if you're in a uh like just I don't I don't know really what's a good example of a development you're in a developing nation, right? And like your access to educational resources and things like that are limited. Like well, one, you know, your information is going to be limited then to whatever resources you have available. So let's just let's just imagine, you know, developing country X. Has one textbook like they got they got 1000 copies of this one textbook that gives an overview of like american history or something, right? Whatever. Well okay everybody is going to be on the same page as far as that american history because they all read from the same exact textbook
SPEAKER_R: that's true,
SPEAKER_L: what we have and with the internet and everything is is anybody's perspective
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: be validated uh based on information they find online. Like so it's this whole other dynamic and it's kind of crazy like it's it's the opposite problem of not that we're like so uneducated necessarily. It's that like we have we have so much access to information and stuff that like literally any opinion can be backed up with evidence uh online and stuff. And it's just and then you have, you know, the added part of like, you know, people like trump and you know authority figures who would typically be a curb on on some of this misinformation just producing it themselves. You know, like just coming out with straight up wise and just oh yeah, I just drink some bleach. It's fine. I'll kill kill all the germs.
SPEAKER_R: no no no what you what you said really makes sense and it's it's like it's like it's like I guess okay so you like it's happening in the United States of America but why is it happening so predominantly in the United States, why not in Canada, why not? In Japan, why not? And you know in any of the european nations you know,
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: I mean Benny and Brexit still happen like, I mean they definitely,
SPEAKER_R: they have to mistake like a month later though they knew they fuck
SPEAKER_L: I feel like, you know, like, you know, and to be honest, like I can't say I follow, you know, international news well enough to really know what's going on in other places. But yeah, I believe that that like, you know, we're we're kind of uniquely in this situation, but that's, that's always been the thing with like I feel like the, the american dream, so to speak that like used to sort of be like the driving ideals like oh anybody can become anything or do anything you know pull themselves up by their bootstraps and work hard enough you know? And I feel like that's kind of it's kind of changed to like all the american dream is that like I can just I can believe whatever I want to believe and like I don't I think that's just what people want to do is just like like no fuck you. I want to like the earth flat. Can you believe we're having conversations today about like the earth being flat? Like what the actual fuck
SPEAKER_R: I mean someone died a long time ago to prove the earth was flat. Now people are trying to prove that earth is flat again like
SPEAKER_L: I it's
SPEAKER_R: you said,
SPEAKER_L: we're going backwards. It's so fucking weird man.
SPEAKER_R: I mean okay, we are going backwards because Trumps trumps 2020 motto is keep America great and his first one is making America great again. So these people are voting for him, want to go back or see all this shit for some reason, which makes no sense.
SPEAKER_L: I mean yeah I don't know
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: know it's
SPEAKER_L: like it's like we can sit here and we can just talk about, it's like everything is just one after it. Okay so like hey at least what we just had. Yeah the L. G. B. T. Q. Community can now not be discriminated against from their from their jobs, right? They can't be fired as a result of their sexual orientations. There's a win. Like one piece of good news maybe. Um uh It's just so like it's so sad where it's just like you have to you have to try and grasp these like these things because
SPEAKER_R: we're like these
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: tiny
SPEAKER_L: many
SPEAKER_R: victories.
SPEAKER_L: problems that it's just like if you don't you just go crazy. Oh here here's the thing. So I know I'm rambling. I talk
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: a lot himself.
SPEAKER_R: I do the same to trust me, I do the same thing with my girlfriend.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: She trust me.
SPEAKER_L: I had I had a conversation about like all the myriad problems going on. I I feel like in America and I made this comparison, I was like you know what it feels like? It feels like you are trying like America is a is a hoarders house, that's what it is. And and what's happening is uh we're trying to clean up this hoarders house without getting rid of anything. So so we'll take you know like we'll try to tackle this this portion of the living room or something, right? And and try to clean this up. But the only but what we do is we take all that stuff out of that little area and we put it somewhere else. So then like, oh look it's better. But then you know, we turn around and it's just sitting over there still like this. It's the it's the whole systemic problems like and I'm like, you know what happens to a horrors house like here it happened to my, you know what happened to the to the house just behind mine? They get demolished their lost cause um and they get rebuilt like I feel like I feel like we need that at this point because like there's just so many systemic issues that it's just like what else is really going to fix anything? You
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: know what I mean?
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of sad. It's just like saying like like oh yeah, let all the, you know, um anti government fake covid people that believe that stuff die. Let me you know like,
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: you can't do that.
SPEAKER_L: okay. So a yeah, that's just that's like, you know, that doesn't make us any better and and be like that that ultimately is going to punish us and and or just the rest of us, you know, like, because it's again, it's the healthcare people that like, I'm not worried like when when these people go out and I see these pictures of people, you know, filling up bars or you know, going to the beach and mass numbers and stuff like that. I'm not I mean I'm sort of worried for them, right? Because it's like I don't I don't want you to die, like just because you're stupid. I mean, do you maybe deserve to, from like a Darwinian perspective, like maybe, but like, I don't want that, like, it's not like, like, oh yeah, get them, but but it's the it's our system so like, you go out and and be stupid and get sick, right? And now it's gotten to the point where you have to be hospitalized, it's like, okay, great, well now health care workers have to have to assist you, and now you're a burden on them and not only that, but like, now you're occupying space for somebody else who, you know, maybe got injured, you know, and needs to go to the hospital and or their actual vulnerable person who got sick, you know, from unpreventable means or something, you know? It's just it's more, it's more than just like, so like, even the perspective of like, oh yeah, let them all get sick and die, like it's ultimately wrong. Like it's, it's gonna, it's just gonna hurt are good systems in the long run anyway. So what
SPEAKER_R: it's just,
SPEAKER_L: else can you do? You know like
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I get
SPEAKER_R: know, I mean so far the only solution you could think of it, like you have to tear down the existing one and built a new one. But, but like, like you said, even with like even the healthcare perspective, you know, it's going to punish everyone else and same thing with the police perspective, like you can't fire all the cops. Anarchy is going to happen if you do that. So it's like
SPEAKER_L: I mean like the one thing that I'm uh like I haven't been following a lot of the news as far as what's been going on recently um with the black lives matter, you know, movements and protests and things like that. So, but you know, in the beginning there at least I was seeing some areas here and there like dismantling the police force and I'm like, yes, like there we go. Like then start something else like we need to like that, that's an example to me, at least in a small scale. So not like, you know, not like, oh America has decided like on a federal level, like we're closing down all police departments and doing something different. Like ultimately I think that would probably be for the best, like, something like that. Like that would be the ideal, right? And I'm like, okay, we're gonna switch the police system to something else for now because like, this isn't working clearly. Um but at least in like some areas on the state level or like the local county level or something, people have committed to like, okay, we're dismantling this, we're gonna try something different and you know, like that's the only thing you can do. Like, I don't believe personally if tomorrow, uh, you know, they announced like, oh, no more police anywhere that would all of a sudden have like post apocalyptic anarchy on our hands at least immediately. You know, like it would be, it would be like anything if you're going to make some drastic changes in the same way that we see, you know, Yeah, states trying to phase reopening things. It would be phases, you know, it's like, okay well we're going to shut this down, you know, we're gonna, you know, for a while and then we'll rebuild and then this police force will be doing this for a while but until it changes and then we're gonna shut go down the line. Like wasn't gonna take a long time. Yeah, but it's like, it's like a freeway project building, you know? It's like oh it's like, oh yeah, we're gonna have construction because we're rebuilding this freeway or we're building this new loop and everything, It's going to take six years. And like that seems to make sense to people. It's like, oh yeah, well it's just going to take that long, you know, Nobody questions. It's like oh darn it's gonna take a while but like if you try to say like oh we're gonna you know it's gonna take six or seven years to try and dismantle and revamp you know police
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: for how it works. Like nobody's like no no like it's just like it's
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: going to
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: take time like it's not gonna happen like that like we can't there's nothing that we can do that's gonna be instant but we have to be we have to start somewhere and start something drastic and I don't know anyway.
SPEAKER_R: No, I I agree. Um you know, I could talk a lot about just how police brutality and all that stuff, you know? That's
SPEAKER_L: Have you?
SPEAKER_R: another that's another discussion with everything that's going on too. And that's that's why it goes back to the point like what the fuck is going to happen next? It's been seven months of
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: 2020.
SPEAKER_L: know. I know.
SPEAKER_R: Like we have five more months, the five more months of potential shit storm coming down, sir. Fire. We don't And
SPEAKER_L: I saw I laughed at this recent like little meme, I saw her somewhere on facebook or something. It was like uh I think it says something like The same hindsight is 2020. Uh must have been misinterpreted, it might have been some sort of like future time traveler coming to warn us that we all just misinterpreted hindsight is 2020. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That's funny. There's there's there's no I've seen some of those two on, right? And it's
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's goofy
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: shit.
SPEAKER_R: it's true. It's like what the fuck happened? Probably
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Where the
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: murder hornets go? Aren't we supposed to be worried about murder hornets
SPEAKER_R: no exactly like
SPEAKER_L: we got?
SPEAKER_R: this is what I'm saying. It's like what the fuck?
SPEAKER_L: I think for a minute there too
SPEAKER_R: Right. I mean, people were afraid that bacon was going to be like, you know, they're like, no one's in the meat factories, no more bacon. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: whatever like
SPEAKER_R: no it's it's a lot of stupid shit.
SPEAKER_L: so okay let's let's talk let's talk for a minute, let's let's let's let's try to end on a good note. So like what what's some good positive things happening in your life maybe as a result of being at home all the time or you know or just whatever you know stuff you're doing like what's what's going? Good.
SPEAKER_R: I mean uh let's see, So this is this is my four few in pharmacy school after undergrad, so that's gonna be eight years. I'll get my after
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: my hospital rotations, so you go to different hospitals, different specialty pharmacies and you get that, I'll have my license, I can practice then as a pharmacist. So I guess that's a good thing, public health. I think it's pretty cool. I guess from an educational standpoint, what I'm learning in public health is like relevant to what's going on. So like the books I'm stating on like how to prepare for a pandemic, you know, public reactions and stuff, history is repeating itself. And when you say
SPEAKER_L: And always
SPEAKER_R: the good thing for me, it's kind of like, this is funny, like I'm learning about this shit and they have proper protocols for the shit, but in reality it's not gonna, no one's listening right now. So for me, I guess it's a funny thing because I guess for me, it was clarity saying like, you know, for public health professionals know what they're doing in the background. So yes, the coronavirus is bad, but like we have health care professionals that know what they're doing. So from that standpoint, I'm like, America is okay. You know, it's just
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: how our society is going to react. And then not only that, I guess one more year, me and my girlfriend, we do plan to move out from our apartments and live together. So, and you know, they are student loans forever, but so that's a good thing. I'm
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: had a uh uh college degree in creative writing that's just clearly why I'm doing I. T. Tier one word for the last six years. Uh Yeah but I I paid off my student loans weren't significant. Most of my education is on grants because low income stuff like that. So that was good. But yeah
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: uh that was good. So I have been like being stuck at home so much I've been like kind of taking because this is my this is my childhood home and it's also the home I own now. Um So I've just been kind of like doing a bunch of house projects you know like I put up shelves for the first time in my life which is a really weird like adult thing that I'm proud of. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yes.
SPEAKER_L: You know I got I got like my little stuff displayed and my girlfriend and I kind of made a room how we like it and just move furniture around anyway it's been fun in that respect. Um I'm starting a little like goofy 30 day challenges you know?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, That's when my girlfriend does too.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Just to kind of spice it up. Like I'm doing uh I'm doing one now where it's like I've always had this fascination with like artwork and drawing and like I've always because I've been a writer like I always thought like writing bullshit like stupid writing like I'm not an artist but like actual artwork like that's amazing. So I've always had a fascination but I've never also had the discipline to like practice practice practice like drawing well and that. So I was like you know what I'm just gonna do like 30 days I'm gonna draw like something every day or at least trace. So like I'm kind of like tracing and drawing things like once a day. I just started yesterday. You want to see my first one?
SPEAKER_R: I'm sure it's better than my shit. I can't draw crap, dude. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: didn't like it's not like this is my artwork. Like I just traced it but like you know like it is it's whatever. What where did I put it? I know I put it somewhere. So my girlfriend and I we play this game on steam called 100% orange juice. If you heard of that.
SPEAKER_R: no, I haven't.
SPEAKER_L: It's this it's this good like you know Mario party. So imagine like Mario party for like anime weeds. Like it's a bunch of it's it's like it's like a board game with all these like cute little like anime Chibi avatars and everything. So this is one of the characters that I play on their her name's Nico and she's just like, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: my God. This is pretty good tracing though.
SPEAKER_L: I mean it's not bad right? Day one. You know, I'm not, I'm alright with it so we'll see. We'll see how, how it improves over. I gotta do my one today so
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: we'll
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: see how that. So yeah, you know honestly I'm just trying to keep myself busy. I think that's
SPEAKER_R: yeah. No, for
SPEAKER_L: on Youtube. Um
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: Keep
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: my mind and so
SPEAKER_R: Have you guys have you guys been doing gardening? That's what we've been
SPEAKER_L: haven't
SPEAKER_R: doing. Nobody.
SPEAKER_L: haven't touched my back my my yard space or really anything outside the house because it's like a massive jungle out there. We've got an acre property and I mean it's not it's not huge but yeah, I mean it's not nothing so I'm happy with it but like it's very we have a very wild yard. Um So the most I've done with my yard is like I I planted a bunch of grass seed because we had all these like I've got a dog with like really, you know, really furry furry pup and we had these weeds everywhere, Those old birds that like sticking to her when they get dry, especially in the Arizona summer and
SPEAKER_R: Called
SPEAKER_L: they just
SPEAKER_R: genius.
SPEAKER_L: need to get out of her for so um So yeah, I think I I planted a bunch of grass seed everywhere. Um And
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: that's that's coming really well, so like I feel like I have a backyard finally, which is nice. Um but yeah, I haven't really done any sort of outside projects yet and it's like 110° outside is probably another reason.
SPEAKER_R: I keep I keep forgetting about that. I would not like that's hot shit. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: when you grew up in it it's not it doesn't it doesn't become like such a big deal. Um But yeah, I I've lived in it my old 32 years of existence, so it's it is what it is. I'd rather that than than snow. Honestly I can't handle smell.
SPEAKER_R: michigan we have snow in every season. So
SPEAKER_L: Away
SPEAKER_R: as
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: it's not in april so Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not like that. You can look at the count of the weather back in april it's no, it's ridiculous.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, no, I can't I can't deal with that. I driving through Flagstaff sometimes when there's been snow just because like, oh, do you have tattoos?
SPEAKER_R: No, I do not Do. My parents
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: are asian like we're
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: straight from Vietnam so if I
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: get I'll be dead. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's like, because I know there's uh, you know, like taboos and at least Japan I'm familiar with, like when it comes to tattoos, is it, is it the same and most like in Vietnamese culture or
SPEAKER_R: Well my parents cultural background is there more of the like 3rd 3rd generations, you know, tattoos are bad,
SPEAKER_L: Got
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: gay people are bad, you know? Like, But And
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: so it's like, you know, from a cultural standpoint, but like, you know, when I get tattoos, how? Yeah, but like, I
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: can't right now, maybe when when
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: I have my own house and then they can't say shit. So. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: exactly. But yeah, no, I I like tattoos, you know, very
SPEAKER_L: I never,
SPEAKER_R: to them.
SPEAKER_L: I never thought I would get one honestly. Um, and then like, um
SPEAKER_R: You gotta sleep do like, Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: so this was my first one. It's uh, I don't know if you're a gamer or not, but it's a symbol from a game called blood borne. It's probably my favorite game of all time. So
SPEAKER_R: we're gonna
SPEAKER_L: this is my first one. As soon as I got this one, I was like, oh my God, I'm loving, I'm in love with tattoos. So then I got, I started getting the sleeve and uh, this was to commemorate. So my, my girlfriend and I went to on a trip to Japan.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's cool though.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, and I wanted to get this to kind of commemorate the whole trip
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: kind of because I was able, I've always, you know, I'm one of those those weedy kids who like, I've, I've been in love with Japan and anime and all that shit in my entire life. So it was like, it was like the mecca to go to Japan during cherry blossom season and
SPEAKER_R: So that's cool though.
SPEAKER_L: you need to go and my friend is in the navy, so he let us stay with him for a couple of weeks. So he saved all that on like a hotel. Um, yeah, we landed the cherry boston's hasn't sprouted yet two weeks later, by the time we left, uh, they were all falling off the trees like that, that's how quick the season goes. It's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: not we
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: got there just at the perfect
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: time. So jerry blast was pretty much the whole time. It was gorgeous. Is amazing. I want to go back. So bad.
SPEAKER_R: did
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: you get the tattoo there? Or when you got back?
SPEAKER_L: I got it, I got it like years later
SPEAKER_R: Our very
SPEAKER_L: from from a friend uh so my my sister, my older sister and my brother in law, he's like covered in tattoos. Um So he's had a lifelong friend of his who you know, gave me a good deal like and yeah, so I I got like I think I got like most of this done to about here in one session and then like most of the rest of it and all the coloring was another one, I've done it, it's like a total of 10 hours or so in my arms so far. And then uh like seven of those was one session because I was like, I just wanted to see how long the session I could do. So like how long, how long can you do it before? I was like, I can just do the whole appointment that day and I'm like, okay, let's do it. Oh yeah, it was man, this part right here, the swirl on the elbow.
SPEAKER_R: It hurt.
SPEAKER_L: No way. No, but you know, it wasn't, it wasn't too bad. I would definitely, I would definitely get something that you really want that's like meaningful to you. Like that's what I like. There's different philosophies when it comes to people who get tattoos. Some, you know, a lot of tattoo artists, like they just get, just get all kinds of garbage, like they just, you know, they practice on themselves even, you know, like, I'm not like that. Like I I'm very particular about what I want on me. So it
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: has to happen has to have meaning and has to have some purpose. So anyway, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: agree.
SPEAKER_L: talk a lot and I am sorry
SPEAKER_R: No, no, it's fine. No, I I appreciate it. You know,
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: It's like, like, I mean like, you know, like you are a stranger, but like for me, you would fit in like my type of crowd, like the friends I hang out with with the people, you know, I I would say that too and I mean it's which is like for me like you know like I don't want to be sappy or anything, but you know, just a reminder that there's other people that have common sense and goodness in society, it's like thank God you know, we're
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: not dying, we're not like like this is this isn't our downfall, you know, there's still people out there that have
SPEAKER_L: I do, I do kind of harbor this secret hope that it's like, you know, like there's there used to be like, I don't know if they're saying or whatever, but you know, it used to be something that people said that like it's usually the, you know, the people who are talking the loudest usually aren't the majority. Um So so I kind of have this secret hope that like if the wack a doos on either side, you know, start, you know, tearing things down and like, you know, take to the streets or whatever and we've got we've got a full on uprising that it's like the rest of us nor mies will be like, okay, let's uh this has gone too far now. Let's put a stop to it and just crush it like quickly, you know, like and then we'll all be like, oh yeah, okay. Most of us are actually rational and good human beings. It's just these people were just the loudest and most interesting. So that's why we kept seeing them everywhere all the time and thinking that they were like the majority when they really aren't. So I don't know. Hopefully that's the case. I don't I
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: don't know. Hopefully.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, no, no that's a good that's a good thought though. I hope that it is
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: true because it's like if right now like sheriffs and police officers can say oh dr Anthony Fauci to you know, one of the most prominent people who advanced the
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: cure
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: for AIDS or not age but like treatment and guidelines for treating AIDS and HIV it's not someone we should listen to like that's kind of scary you know
SPEAKER_L: Actually.
SPEAKER_R: like if authority figures just saying we shouldn't talk we shouldn't listen to him, he doesn't know what he's talking about. Like that's for me that's kind of scary and I hope that you know when it goes too far like you said though that people can say you know like you guys have your time let's let's let's be for real now you know I hope that it is a case.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. Yeah, man, I honestly just got I just got to feel like I take one day at a time and you know, just just try to put whatever good I can into my small corner of the world and hope it's enough.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah no I agree. I heart
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: family
SPEAKER_L: just feels like I'm doing this like perpetually, I guess this is a constant state of just like hope, hope
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna,
SPEAKER_R: know what?
SPEAKER_L: one thing I feel like I can do, I'm gonna go vote and like if it gets hampered and tampered with or whatever, like, I mean, I don't know what I can do about it, but I'm gonna go vote at least.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah just do what you can for sure. I mean that's what that's what I do you know? You never know
SPEAKER_L: maybe.
SPEAKER_R: but you know.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, even if you're not like, you know, on the front line nurse practitioner or doctor looking at every covid patient that comes in the door, I mean like, I am amazed by anybody who works in healthcare right now and I think like all of them deserve a much higher place in the in the total sort of social hierarchy um than a lot of them get right now, especially like the nurses and all that I have.
SPEAKER_R: for sure For sure
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: dude. And it's like it's like when you're not sick you don't give a crap about you but when we need your help Oh yeah we're listening to you, we care about you. We acknowledge you as a human being. But when it's not it's like, you know so yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: takes that takes reminders like this and and hopefully like again like that's something that we end up with after all this is said and done like some some changes to how health care is kind of conducted and appreciation to our healthcare workers, you know, because you know when you when we need them, we need them uh and for big things, so important things. So anyway, all right, I think we're gonna get we're gonna head out um get ready for the day. It was great talking to you dan. Uh
SPEAKER_R: You too dude, what time is it over there?
SPEAKER_L: It's a 33 P.
SPEAKER_R: 06
SPEAKER_L: M.
SPEAKER_R: Here. So I was
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: getting ready for the day. I was like what? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: well I woke up like at 1:30.
SPEAKER_R: I know. He says
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't really, I normally work till three a.m. so today
SPEAKER_R: whole crowd.
SPEAKER_L: this is my friday, so I r it was my Fridays. This is my starting my weekend right now, so,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, yeah, I got the day off so I'm glad.
SPEAKER_L: All right, It was great talking, but uh
SPEAKER_R: The picture,
SPEAKER_L: out there,
SPEAKER_R: you know.
SPEAKER_L: fuck all the assholes,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. All right. You take care to you and your girlfriend and your family safe. Safe. Okay man.
SPEAKER_L: to take
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: care