you want to do something? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Think a little things. Oh no. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. The number one, Yeah. Hello? What, how's it going?
Pretty good. Um
Do you ah do you care if I start a timer for us?
Uh That's actually, yeah. My second you,
how's your first one to go?
Yeah. The guy I got was He's free. He was pretty chill, like we just I think he was expecting me to be like some sort of like 70 year old man. Yeah, he wasn't he wasn't
too sure what to expect. It was it was definitely his first time doing one of those, so yeah, my name is Jesse by the way.
That's right, yeah.
it's kind of like the office uh slash living room, you know slash just where I spent 80% of my day,
hey?
No worries. I just woke up like 15 minutes ago, so I
work nights, so yeah, I have
a calendar and everything, but
uh do you like a tech support call center stuff? I work from home, I was actually telecommuting before the whole pandemic started, so my uh my work life changed pretty much. Absolutely not at all when this all started.
That's crazy. I can't imagine working in health, anything health related right now, honestly, or medicine or hospitals or anything like that, It's absolutely gotta be crazy.
No. Yeah. Yeah, No, absolutely, definitely. Uh I don't, I'm in Arizona, so yeah, we're just having giant spikes because people just, we're literally having people rallying about not wearing masks, like.
I mean, it's like, I feel like sometimes the world or is just a bunch of toddlers, it's
like
just just put on like, who cares if, if maybe it doesn't like prevent everything, like put on a piece of fabric so that, you know, the science proven thing can, can stop spreading as much as it is,
some
place.
I mean they got to wear the, like you got to wear those things hours upon hours a day. I try to put them on for, you know, 40 minutes or so and my ears are already hurting.
What?
like, uh, so this is your, this is your friend's apartment you said? Oh
man, come on.
Well,
that's
Uh, you know, I'm just, I've been, I've been basic, uh, sort of tier one sort of everything support, um, for the company I've been working with for the past six years or so. I work, I work in education. So yeah, it's been, it's been interesting. A lot of, a lot of concerns. Students, parents, you know, calling in trying to figure out what's going on. Our response to covid and what we're doing to be a class is safe again coming in the fall. I honestly don't think it's going to happen like alright, as much as there optimistic about trying to start back up again in the fall, like I just don't see it. I feel like the announcement is going to come at some point. Like, hey, we're just going to stay online for the fall. Sorry.
Uh so, so I'm curious your, you've got probably, I mean, not probably much, much more of a background and medical stuff than I do obviously. Um because I, I've heard a little bit about, you know, we're seeing spikes now, but it's still not like, it's still not what like the experts would call like the second wave, like what distinguishes that like the second wave or whatever between like what we're seeing now if you
if you know or have
No,
no,
no.
Yeah. I mean there's really not. It's really not. I don't know, I mean that difficult. I feel like it's
You
know what I want? Yeah.
Or
it
will,
wow. That's what I mean. Like, I mean Arizona, like what like, I feel like we were the first to start the whole like huge spikes that we're seeing. Like in more places now, it was like, like Arizona, we're like, we're like that the center for a while there and then and then it became texas and then I don't even know what it is now. So yeah I know are not are not any smarter. Um You know
I don't think they bothered like driving to any other neighboring states. They just they just go to their barbers now without masks because you know, nothing is required of anyone here. This is America freedom.
You know? Honestly dude like i it's literally we're going on what now like 3 4 months of this truth. Yeah. Sorry about your friend over here. Um yeah we've basically been like we've
basically been like quarantined like almost the entire time. Just in fact today is the first day we're really going to go uh to do anything with a couple of our friends. We're gonna we're gonna we're gonna try to resume if we can do it safely, like our role play sessions because we haven't been able to do like R. D. And D. Game for like four months
and we've all been missing it
and
But.
it's
gonna be so awful for like I mean like at the very least I can say I feel like super safe and comfortable in my home you know like like we're like especially at the beginning of it now obviously as like the months have gone on you know we've definitely grown a little bit a little bit more lax but I feel like that's because more and more studies and information has come out so we realized like we don't have to be as nervous about certain things like we didn't do any take out like we were like no no like as few like outside items in in our house as possible so we we would order our groceries and then when they come we'd spend like would be like a big 30 40 minute ever. And I certainly literally be out there like I have I have clean table and then like contaminated the table and I wipe everything down with like wipes and then handed
off,
put it in the fridge. And so what we did obviously we didn't see anybody, we didn't go anywhere. Um But then like it's time to go on and we learned like oh yeah like it's actually pretty you know pretty difficult for the virus to like continue living on surfaces and you're probably not going to catch it like from contaminated like surfaces so to speak. You know we still wipe stuff down but we're you know we've gotten some take out here and there now so I don't know, but just to have the perspective that it's just like fake what
what, what
are you talking
about?
yeah. Oh yeah, I know for sure and like, you know, we're still like kind of nervous about it, you know, to be honest because you know, we're kind of, I don't know, we're probably fighting a little bit of that agora phobia to just actually get out of our house but um but no, like the setup where we're going like my friend's house, we're all going to be six ft away from each other mask the whole time, like we're not we're not going to be like, you know, getting plates and eaten and all that stuff there. So yeah,
we
all took our temperatures before and like we're texting each other like what's our temperatures, you know? So
I mean, I feel like we're being as safe as we possibly can. I mean is it is it a little bit of a risk like? Yeah, it is like, I mean there's no denying that, but two of my friends are actually not necessarily health care, but there they're psychologists and they're like, well, I mean there's still like going to school and training have
like practice bombs and stuff like that and they're still seeing patients. Uh They do a cognitive testing for like older people mostly and but other people with like, you know, some sort of cognitive issue like dementia, you know, memory stuff, all that anyway. But so they still see patients uh here and there like a couple of days a week. But you know, and again they're they're facility, they try to be as safe as possible, take people's temperatures, masks required. Um So anyway, yeah, we're trying to be as safe as possible. But yeah, like, you know, if, I don't know, I don't know when, when like, because you probably realized or knew that this was going to be like a thing before I did, but like the moment I realized like, oh, this is this is this is real and this is bad is as soon as like the sports, like the professional world of sports like started shutting down because I was like, no, there's no way like the people who run these organizations like lose all that money by shutting this down if this thing isn't serious like.
I know. That's why I'm sorry. It baffles me that like, like somebody like your roommate, like, I mean would have a perspective like that or something like you
know, a bunch of snowflake liberals who are saying this is a disease like you know, a lot of people losing a lot of money because of this and they wouldn't
if they could help it like
and there.
That's such an irresponsible, it's like okay, it's fine. Like if you believe that then you know, ultimately like that that's kind of on you. But like you're that choice of yours doesn't just affect you like
now now like these health care workers have to deal with you or the people you spread this to who aren't as you know super health as you are have to deal with it. Like it's just so selfish. I'm just so sick of the self centeredness
of american
culture.
Yeah.
I
don't know.
I know.
I'm probably
not know
some be like
What?
What? No I yeah it is it is kind of sad isn't it like because like I don't know um I don't know how old you are anything but like I remember I remember after 9-11 like I just did like never I didn't feel any of like the divisiveness you know like
it
was it was tragic and it was awful but like I feel like it was it was one of those moments where it's like we all kind of came together and like it was we were just there for each other kind of thing, you know, I don't know how long that felt like it lasted and well and you know to be fair now I'm thinking about it like obviously there was a bunch of shit that went down with profiling like any like Islamic or arab americans or anything like that So you know, maybe that's just the my white privilege kicking in or something like Oh yeah, it was fine. It was those were good times, but I don't yeah, I don't feel like we're ever going to see uh that, that you know, a united America anymore. Honestly like the rhetoric on on all sides has just gotten so polarized and bizarre. It's just something is gonna happen sadly. I mean like a neutral disease that wants to kill everybody equally is not going to do it, you know?
I
don't know.
It's like, like all of the, all of the fictional like movie like villains have come out of the woodwork and still like, nah you're you're dumb, you're wrong. I don't even man.
I
just, you know honestly like I I've grown more um I just really trying to look out for my family, my friends myself, you know, my my area as much as possible because like, I feel like that's all I can really do, you know, like is just trying to put some good out in the world, like in my circle uh because I I just I'm definitely not one of those people who believes anybody on the internet is willing to change their minds, so I just don't really see the point having debates or conversations on social media platforms. You know, like I have a face to face conversation with somebody, like that's like I I was I was actually imagining this morning when I woke up like, oh, man, what if what if I turn the camera on and this guy is wearing like a mega hat or some shit?
I
I know,
I'm
it
was
thought.
I have
to imagine this. I mean it takes a lot of, it takes a lot of effort. I'm like you know I don't I don't have anybody like that in my my my social circle right? Like I purged those. I don't have a lot of you know, I'm not one of those people who has like a big family where I have to like tolerate a bunch of perspectives that I don't really agree with from like a large family unit. So like my my small family, we're all kind of on the same page and so that it's really just my friends um and my girlfriend's family who again on the same page, her extended family maybe, I don't know but they're kind of in boston we never really interact with them. So yeah I just, I don't have anybody like that in my life. Like I've never I don't really have those conversations of like oh you know you need to try to educate them or like
I start to the tolerance for it. Honestly I'm like if you're like if I need to convince you of these very like basic fundamental things like I'm sorry like I just don't feel like you're really like worth my time like.
man.
Fuck
scare.
I mean
like
it's just it's incomprehensible to me. Like I just don't I don't I don't understand I just I I feel like compassion is not that hard people like like why is compassion so hard?
Like
but
it's just not it's not happening like if anything I feel like you know it's you know I've I've seen a lot of these you know you know memes and stuff obviously and they're not you know, whatever. But it's just funny how like the side that is usually so like, oh yeah, I'll go to war and like I'll get my guns out and I'll take back America. Like, like they're also the ones like complaining about wearing like a piece of cloth over their face. Like it's like, okay, so clearly this isn't about like, oh you just want in perfect freedom. It's just like this fantasy you guys want to get to of storm in the streets with your little militia groups, squads, you know, and, and just taking out all the snowflakes or whatever are ruining America. Like in your perspective, it's just dude, it's scary. I'm just like, it's just scary.
can I, can I ask if it's like, you don't know me like and it's probably not like fair of me to ask, but I'm just curious does he seem pretty open about talking about this stuff. Like
what kind of discriminations have you been facing it all with this whole like I know people have been going like
xenophobic and just asian like you know it doesn't matter if you're chinese Vietnamese whatever this. Like there's like oh you know you look asian, clearly you must be chinese and thanks for the disease kind of shit. Like have you been facing that at like at work?
Yeah. It's just it's
active in you now.
I'm like
you
know,
I'll never understand that right? Like I'll never you know even even with like the the conversations going on where you know it's like white culture and you know white privilege obviously the root of all this. Like I still I still will never feel that like that sort of prejudice directed to me. Uh So like Japan. Oh well yeah, I mean we went on a trip to Japan and we
got
we got we got like some we got some we got some some store owners that would follow us around in the shop, but I feel like that wasn't because I was necessarily like a white guy was just because I was not like a Japanese looking person because I just feel like that's kind of how I think in my knowledge of like Japanese historically and culturally it's like foreigners in general uh kind of yield that like that sort of reaction. Not
necessarily
even then like I didn't I didn't really feel that you know that that feeling that you know, you can't take your skin off, you can't make yourself like look different, you know what I mean, like you're stuck with that and I just, I'm really sorry,
it
pisses me off and like I just
I
Price
satisfied.
No.
I
hope so. Like,
please.
Honestly, I I would take I would take a rabid wolverine over over another four years of trump at this point. Like, like anything I'm sorry is better than this because like, I feel like, I feel like if he gets, I mean honestly this is a whole other conversation by the way, we've already exceeded the 25 minutes. So whenever you want to head out, like don't let me keep you,
I'm
having a good conversation with you.
So I
was that. Yeah. All right. So, no, don't worry. All right. So like the thing that I'm probably the most are not the most, but like one of the, you know, one of the yet myriad of things that I'm scared about right now and and worried about is this upcoming election and like all these news stories covering, you know, all kinds of things going on in the world. And I feel like the one thing that we haven't really heard anything about because obviously we know at this point whether or not, you know, it was official collusion was found, you know, from the president and you know, he got he got off on all that with the last election. Like we know the election was tampered with. Like we know that like what we didn't find the link to whatever was like trump's direct involvement in it, but nonetheless like we know it was tampered with. How is it not going to be tampered with this time? Like
nobody
how have you heard anything like any news or coverage about that? Because like to me I'm just like nobody is talking about is like what's stopping this from happening again like.
Guy.
It really doesn't like I I'm definitely not one of those people who's gonna like gonna be like all of the media is doing this and that wrong. Like I I definitely think there are good, there are good journalistic organizations and there are not so good ones. Um I I do wish they were better obviously like everything can always be better. But I really feel like the only chance that we have is people, the news organizations themselves like becoming more you know, professional and accurate and then also people kind of getting their faith restored in media and like covers, I feel like that is hands down the one thing keeping us from like just completely like totalitarian sort of
sort of
state.
There's
plenty that still believe it regardless, right? But you know, like yes, like those things do help. Like they're important acknowledging bullshit and calling it for what it is is important because common sense is a dwindling resource in America so
Well,
you know, I feel like it's almost it's almost the opposite problem, right? It's like, you know, if you're in a uh like just I don't I don't know really what's a good example of a development you're in a developing nation, right? And like your access to educational resources and things like that are limited. Like well, one, you know, your information is going to be limited then to whatever resources you have available. So let's just let's just imagine, you know, developing country X. Has one textbook like they got they got 1000 copies of this one textbook that gives an overview of like american history or something, right? Whatever. Well okay everybody is going to be on the same page as far as that american history because they all read from the same exact textbook
what we have and with the internet and everything is is anybody's perspective
can
be validated uh based on information they find online. Like so it's this whole other dynamic and it's kind of crazy like it's it's the opposite problem of not that we're like so uneducated necessarily. It's that like we have we have so much access to information and stuff that like literally any opinion can be backed up with evidence uh online and stuff. And it's just and then you have, you know, the added part of like, you know, people like trump and you know authority figures who would typically be a curb on on some of this misinformation just producing it themselves. You know, like just coming out with straight up wise and just oh yeah, I just drink some bleach. It's fine. I'll kill kill all the germs.
Well,
I mean Benny and Brexit still happen like, I mean they definitely,
I feel like, you know, like, you know, and to be honest, like I can't say I follow, you know, international news well enough to really know what's going on in other places. But yeah, I believe that that like, you know, we're we're kind of uniquely in this situation, but that's, that's always been the thing with like I feel like the, the american dream, so to speak that like used to sort of be like the driving ideals like oh anybody can become anything or do anything you know pull themselves up by their bootstraps and work hard enough you know? And I feel like that's kind of it's kind of changed to like all the american dream is that like I can just I can believe whatever I want to believe and like I don't I think that's just what people want to do is just like like no fuck you. I want to like the earth flat. Can you believe we're having conversations today about like the earth being flat? Like what the actual fuck
I it's
we're going backwards. It's so fucking weird man.
I mean yeah I don't know
it's
like it's like we can sit here and we can just talk about, it's like everything is just one after it. Okay so like hey at least what we just had. Yeah the L. G. B. T. Q. Community can now not be discriminated against from their from their jobs, right? They can't be fired as a result of their sexual orientations. There's a win. Like one piece of good news maybe. Um uh It's just so like it's so sad where it's just like you have to you have to try and grasp these like these things because
so
many
problems that it's just like if you don't you just go crazy. Oh here here's the thing. So I know I'm rambling. I talk
a lot himself.
I
I had I had a conversation about like all the myriad problems going on. I I feel like in America and I made this comparison, I was like you know what it feels like? It feels like you are trying like America is a is a hoarders house, that's what it is. And and what's happening is uh we're trying to clean up this hoarders house without getting rid of anything. So so we'll take you know like we'll try to tackle this this portion of the living room or something, right? And and try to clean this up. But the only but what we do is we take all that stuff out of that little area and we put it somewhere else. So then like, oh look it's better. But then you know, we turn around and it's just sitting over there still like this. It's the it's the whole systemic problems like and I'm like, you know what happens to a horrors house like here it happened to my, you know what happened to the to the house just behind mine? They get demolished their lost cause um and they get rebuilt like I feel like I feel like we need that at this point because like there's just so many systemic issues that it's just like what else is really going to fix anything? You
know what I mean?
Well
that's
okay. So a yeah, that's just that's like, you know, that doesn't make us any better and and be like that that ultimately is going to punish us and and or just the rest of us, you know, like, because it's again, it's the healthcare people that like, I'm not worried like when when these people go out and I see these pictures of people, you know, filling up bars or you know, going to the beach and mass numbers and stuff like that. I'm not I mean I'm sort of worried for them, right? Because it's like I don't I don't want you to die, like just because you're stupid. I mean, do you maybe deserve to, from like a Darwinian perspective, like maybe, but like, I don't want that, like, it's not like, like, oh yeah, get them, but but it's the it's our system so like, you go out and and be stupid and get sick, right? And now it's gotten to the point where you have to be hospitalized, it's like, okay, great, well now health care workers have to have to assist you, and now you're a burden on them and not only that, but like, now you're occupying space for somebody else who, you know, maybe got injured, you know, and needs to go to the hospital and or their actual vulnerable person who got sick, you know, from unpreventable means or something, you know? It's just it's more, it's more than just like, so like, even the perspective of like, oh yeah, let them all get sick and die, like it's ultimately wrong. Like it's, it's gonna, it's just gonna hurt are good systems in the long run anyway. So what
else can you do? You know like
I get
I mean like the one thing that I'm uh like I haven't been following a lot of the news as far as what's been going on recently um with the black lives matter, you know, movements and protests and things like that. So, but you know, in the beginning there at least I was seeing some areas here and there like dismantling the police force and I'm like, yes, like there we go. Like then start something else like we need to like that, that's an example to me, at least in a small scale. So not like, you know, not like, oh America has decided like on a federal level, like we're closing down all police departments and doing something different. Like ultimately I think that would probably be for the best, like, something like that. Like that would be the ideal, right? And I'm like, okay, we're gonna switch the police system to something else for now because like, this isn't working clearly. Um but at least in like some areas on the state level or like the local county level or something, people have committed to like, okay, we're dismantling this, we're gonna try something different and you know, like that's the only thing you can do. Like, I don't believe personally if tomorrow, uh, you know, they announced like, oh, no more police anywhere that would all of a sudden have like post apocalyptic anarchy on our hands at least immediately. You know, like it would be, it would be like anything if you're going to make some drastic changes in the same way that we see, you know, Yeah, states trying to phase reopening things. It would be phases, you know, it's like, okay well we're going to shut this down, you know, we're gonna, you know, for a while and then we'll rebuild and then this police force will be doing this for a while but until it changes and then we're gonna shut go down the line. Like wasn't gonna take a long time. Yeah, but it's like, it's like a freeway project building, you know? It's like oh it's like, oh yeah, we're gonna have construction because we're rebuilding this freeway or we're building this new loop and everything, It's going to take six years. And like that seems to make sense to people. It's like, oh yeah, well it's just going to take that long, you know, Nobody questions. It's like oh darn it's gonna take a while but like if you try to say like oh we're gonna you know it's gonna take six or seven years to try and dismantle and revamp you know police
for how it works. Like nobody's like no no like it's just like it's
going to
take time like it's not gonna happen like that like we can't there's nothing that we can do that's gonna be instant but we have to be we have to start somewhere and start something drastic and I don't know anyway.
Have you?
I
know. I know.
I saw I laughed at this recent like little meme, I saw her somewhere on facebook or something. It was like uh I think it says something like The same hindsight is 2020. Uh must have been misinterpreted, it might have been some sort of like future time traveler coming to warn us that we all just misinterpreted hindsight is 2020. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah it's goofy
shit.
Uh huh. Where the
murder hornets go? Aren't we supposed to be worried about murder hornets
we got?
I think for a minute there too
what
whatever like
so okay let's let's talk let's talk for a minute, let's let's let's let's try to end on a good note. So like what what's some good positive things happening in your life maybe as a result of being at home all the time or you know or just whatever you know stuff you're doing like what's what's going? Good.
No.
And always
good.
I
had a uh uh college degree in creative writing that's just clearly why I'm doing I. T. Tier one word for the last six years. Uh Yeah but I I paid off my student loans weren't significant. Most of my education is on grants because low income stuff like that. So that was good. But yeah
uh that was good. So I have been like being stuck at home so much I've been like kind of taking because this is my this is my childhood home and it's also the home I own now. Um So I've just been kind of like doing a bunch of house projects you know like I put up shelves for the first time in my life which is a really weird like adult thing that I'm proud of. Uh
You know I got I got like my little stuff displayed and my girlfriend and I kind of made a room how we like it and just move furniture around anyway it's been fun in that respect. Um I'm starting a little like goofy 30 day challenges you know?
yeah. Just to kind of spice it up. Like I'm doing uh I'm doing one now where it's like I've always had this fascination with like artwork and drawing and like I've always because I've been a writer like I always thought like writing bullshit like stupid writing like I'm not an artist but like actual artwork like that's amazing. So I've always had a fascination but I've never also had the discipline to like practice practice practice like drawing well and that. So I was like you know what I'm just gonna do like 30 days I'm gonna draw like something every day or at least trace. So like I'm kind of like tracing and drawing things like once a day. I just started yesterday. You want to see my first one?
didn't like it's not like this is my artwork. Like I just traced it but like you know like it is it's whatever. What where did I put it? I know I put it somewhere. So my girlfriend and I we play this game on steam called 100% orange juice. If you heard of that.
It's this it's this good like you know Mario party. So imagine like Mario party for like anime weeds. Like it's a bunch of it's it's like it's like a board game with all these like cute little like anime Chibi avatars and everything. So this is one of the characters that I play on their her name's Nico and she's just like, yeah,
I mean it's not bad right? Day one. You know, I'm not, I'm alright with it so we'll see. We'll see how, how it improves over. I gotta do my one today so
we'll
see how that. So yeah, you know honestly I'm just trying to keep myself busy. I think that's
on Youtube. Um
Keep
my mind and so
haven't
haven't touched my back my my yard space or really anything outside the house because it's like a massive jungle out there. We've got an acre property and I mean it's not it's not huge but yeah, I mean it's not nothing so I'm happy with it but like it's very we have a very wild yard. Um So the most I've done with my yard is like I I planted a bunch of grass seed because we had all these like I've got a dog with like really, you know, really furry furry pup and we had these weeds everywhere, Those old birds that like sticking to her when they get dry, especially in the Arizona summer and
they just
need to get out of her for so um So yeah, I think I I planted a bunch of grass seed everywhere. Um And
that's that's coming really well, so like I feel like I have a backyard finally, which is nice. Um but yeah, I haven't really done any sort of outside projects yet and it's like 110° outside is probably another reason.
when you grew up in it it's not it doesn't it doesn't become like such a big deal. Um But yeah, I I've lived in it my old 32 years of existence, so it's it is what it is. I'd rather that than than snow. Honestly I can't handle smell.
Away
man.
it's crazy.
Oh yeah, no, I can't I can't deal with that. I driving through Flagstaff sometimes when there's been snow just because like, oh, do you have tattoos?
Well,
no.
All
It's like, because I know there's uh, you know, like taboos and at least Japan I'm familiar with, like when it comes to tattoos, is it, is it the same and most like in Vietnamese culture or
Got
it.
So
All
I know.
yeah,
I never,
I never thought I would get one honestly. Um, and then like, um
so this was my first one. It's uh, I don't know if you're a gamer or not, but it's a symbol from a game called blood borne. It's probably my favorite game of all time. So
this is my first one. As soon as I got this one, I was like, oh my God, I'm loving, I'm in love with tattoos. So then I got, I started getting the sleeve and uh, this was to commemorate. So my, my girlfriend and I went to on a trip to Japan.
Yeah, and I wanted to get this to kind of commemorate the whole trip
kind of because I was able, I've always, you know, I'm one of those those weedy kids who like, I've, I've been in love with Japan and anime and all that shit in my entire life. So it was like, it was like the mecca to go to Japan during cherry blossom season and
you need to go and my friend is in the navy, so he let us stay with him for a couple of weeks. So he saved all that on like a hotel. Um, yeah, we landed the cherry boston's hasn't sprouted yet two weeks later, by the time we left, uh, they were all falling off the trees like that, that's how quick the season goes. It's
not we
got there just at the perfect
time. So jerry blast was pretty much the whole time. It was gorgeous. Is amazing. I want to go back. So bad.
But
I got it, I got it like years later
from from a friend uh so my my sister, my older sister and my brother in law, he's like covered in tattoos. Um So he's had a lifelong friend of his who you know, gave me a good deal like and yeah, so I I got like I think I got like most of this done to about here in one session and then like most of the rest of it and all the coloring was another one, I've done it, it's like a total of 10 hours or so in my arms so far. And then uh like seven of those was one session because I was like, I just wanted to see how long the session I could do. So like how long, how long can you do it before? I was like, I can just do the whole appointment that day and I'm like, okay, let's do it. Oh yeah, it was man, this part right here, the swirl on the elbow.
No way. No, but you know, it wasn't, it wasn't too bad. I would definitely, I would definitely get something that you really want that's like meaningful to you. Like that's what I like. There's different philosophies when it comes to people who get tattoos. Some, you know, a lot of tattoo artists, like they just get, just get all kinds of garbage, like they just, you know, they practice on themselves even, you know, like, I'm not like that. Like I I'm very particular about what I want on me. So it
has to happen has to have meaning and has to have some purpose. So anyway, yeah,
I
talk a lot and I am sorry
what?
just
I do, I do kind of harbor this secret hope that it's like, you know, like there's there used to be like, I don't know if they're saying or whatever, but you know, it used to be something that people said that like it's usually the, you know, the people who are talking the loudest usually aren't the majority. Um So so I kind of have this secret hope that like if the wack a doos on either side, you know, start, you know, tearing things down and like, you know, take to the streets or whatever and we've got we've got a full on uprising that it's like the rest of us nor mies will be like, okay, let's uh this has gone too far now. Let's put a stop to it and just crush it like quickly, you know, like and then we'll all be like, oh yeah, okay. Most of us are actually rational and good human beings. It's just these people were just the loudest and most interesting. So that's why we kept seeing them everywhere all the time and thinking that they were like the majority when they really aren't. So I don't know. Hopefully that's the case. I don't I
don't know. Hopefully.
but
Thank
you.
Actually.
I don't know. Yeah, man, I honestly just got I just got to feel like I take one day at a time and you know, just just try to put whatever good I can into my small corner of the world and hope it's enough.
It
just feels like I'm doing this like perpetually, I guess this is a constant state of just like hope, hope
I'm gonna,
one thing I feel like I can do, I'm gonna go vote and like if it gets hampered and tampered with or whatever, like, I mean, I don't know what I can do about it, but I'm gonna go vote at least.
maybe.
I mean, even if you're not like, you know, on the front line nurse practitioner or doctor looking at every covid patient that comes in the door, I mean like, I am amazed by anybody who works in healthcare right now and I think like all of them deserve a much higher place in the in the total sort of social hierarchy um than a lot of them get right now, especially like the nurses and all that I have.
Yeah.
it
takes that takes reminders like this and and hopefully like again like that's something that we end up with after all this is said and done like some some changes to how health care is kind of conducted and appreciation to our healthcare workers, you know, because you know when you when we need them, we need them uh and for big things, so important things. So anyway, all right, I think we're gonna get we're gonna head out um get ready for the day. It was great talking to you dan. Uh
It's a 33 P.
M.
No,
this
well I woke up like at 1:30.
Yeah, I don't really, I normally work till three a.m. so today
this is my friday, so I r it was my Fridays. This is my starting my weekend right now, so,
All right, It was great talking, but uh
out there,
fuck all the assholes,
to take
care