Okay, how are you?
wow,
Yeah that's fine. Mhm. Is your first time doing this for a second?
Yeah. Thank you.
I guess to I get to identify just a woman she would stay at home with. What's interesting.
But
Yeah I'm dan nice to meet you too.
Are you in your living room? Looks like it and says,
I'm at my friend's apartment, I just remember about this, I'm like
I wasn't going to go home.
That's what
What?
Yeah. So what do you do?
Okay. Well um for me I'm I'm in a doctoral project program. Um I'm like rotations at hospitals right now and I guess, you know you're supposed to be you know, helping patients like physically. But since of kobane we've been everything's been Remillard home to.
Yeah, like I so like for me I'm a pharmacist or student pharmacist and yeah, I haven't even worked at the like cbs in the past probably four or five months because my parents are like at risk and I don't want to you know like some people might believe in or some don't but I'm not going to take the risk especially
Uh huh. There's a lot of discussion that I could go into that too.
I
mean
no that's the funny
thing.
Also it's like I have had these people like imagine healthcare pressures, they still wear masks before the pandemic to do surgery or to do anything And it's always more than 30 minutes for like grocery ship. They're actually doing important stuff, they don't complain. So uh
yeah no the standard ones definitely hurt some
people for sure. Yeah.
is not my this is no,
I mean yeah this is this is what Adventures poster. Yeah, I
mean we can talk about that too. So like I'm like, I'm a guy that you know, likes a little bit of everything. So
you said you did your like you do like I. T. Type like what kind of things?
I mean that's what I like most of the university, so I'm from michigan, most of the universities is predicting like if we get a second wave, which we haven't even hit the lowest for the first week, that usually the winter time will be remote and like the fall, so the first two months of school they'll go in, but then like what's the point? And then so like what?
as
from a pharmacy perspective, I don't know, I also have a degree in public health, but my my my first degrees pharmacy, but I haven't followed in a lot when it comes to the public health perspective, but when it comes to the, like, like you said, the second, like when does it slump, and when does it t and that's when, depending on your state's guidelines, I know from michigan for us is when we actually reach, there's five phases in michigan, I'm not sure about for Arizona, So we were at a phase, I think of Phase three, then we went back to a phase for now. So like, basically it's, so once we go down to like, like phase one or, you know, there's no more phases, that's when you consider a slump or from the CDCs guidelines is, I think it's um what was it? 14 days? No, no, Yeah, two weeks, at least two weeks without any new cases, which is impossible for a miracle right now. I don't I don't think there's been a day that said there's no cases in the state,
you know?
So
that's, that's when it's slumping. Uh that's the CDCs guidelines, but it varies for states. So from michigan, we reverted back to a phase, we're now when businesses, I think it was bars in certain restaurants, they can't have customers inside now for like just sitting in and eating because it's that bad again. And it's like people aren't following things like they should, which isn't hard, but
and yeah, from my healthcare perspective, it's like, like if you care about yourself, just, you know, listen, like it doesn't hurt you for uh, you know,
putting it on.
Dude,
I
don't
know, bro, it's, and then then you have people in the hospital and it's realizing like, wow, you know, like, no, like, you know, it's my mistake. I didn't think this was real. But fortunately for me, like the hospital I've been at for like this, how many weeks? Not like three weeks, there hasn't been a case that that's been on my floor on my floor. So that's so I worked for like one unit on one floor and so like 2020 patients and There's no one. So that's good. But still like if if our state's reverting back, that means the other states around us, despite them, you know, doing good, they might revert back to because I don't know about where you're from. But our like people initially and they're very dumb drive to other states, get haircuts to eat because of the restrictions are so tight. So anyone living in the border would drive to different states just because the guidelines are looser.
And
Oh my God, that would be scary living there. Like I would be.
Welcome.
And
you
guys been I'm glad you guys have been following like um so I live with two other pharmacists as well. But like we we we found another roommate from craigslist. Let me tell you. She so she likes to play DND and all this stuff, she doesn't care bro. She would bring her friends over like you know how long the indie games last? Right? And I'm like I'm like you have three other like roommates are health professionals but she doesn't believe that Covid is like real. She doesn't believe
it's impacting her but your roommates are health professionals. And like for us, you know how stupid it is. We have to we're fucking mask when we go into the living room, we have to wipe down and shit because
she doesn't practice anything,
Just
me.
But like
like
like
I know and like like like like I get like I'm like like you're telling me this now. I'm like why can't they like I understand, you know hanging out with friends and socializing like constant certain games like that. It's important. But I'm like you can wait a month or two, you know, like it's not necessary and like you're right, everything has been losing, which is fine. It's just it's like if you want to protect yourself and others just put on a mask. That's it.
No I mean definitely
do.
Dude, that's that's that's
Where
Yeah I was watching the game when the second quarter it was it was half time and they were supposed to come back but they didn't come back. I was like what's going on? And like the thing that's how it was serious for our institution or my university for us, especially in the pharmacy program. Like we knew it was serious sense of like in january and like and that's the thing. But like did we take precautions? No, we thought it was just like the flu, you know, wash your hands someone sick and well with Dawn type of stuff. I didn't think that was that serious. But yeah. No, when the when sports get serious people people believe it. Especially
I mean
six.
I mean I mean to get you alone. I mean like she's I mean like there's a very fine group of people like her that are I mean, hey, like
some people you can't, they believe their health is, you know, the best they believe there are. They're like, you know, if life wants me gone now I'll take it you know like I live to the government.
Well
bro
I think
do my friends joke, we joke around like okay so
if a pandemic
cannot
unite you know the citizens of America together with an alien invasion like
what
like what
like
it's fate seriously
because it's like a pandemic can't even get people to understand like the severity of how broken our system is when it comes to like health care or you know education or just you know everything but
I
know
That's the thing that's all that's why we joke around like it's an alien invasion gonna do like what the fuck is gonna do it Like
you
know Russians didn't do it, North Korea didn't do it like what the far what?
no it's it's very decisive you know and
it's
Dude, you realized I was I was like would I stay in order
to to understand someone's perspective or would I leave because
you know I'm
not like ready
for this
emotionally.
You're like then I agree. I I I legit thought the same thing too because it's like you know, you never know like you know are like how how did you feel this day? Like are you ready to listen to someone from that other side? It's
like
I'm
No I know I agree. And like at the same time it's I mean that's good that you purchase yourself for like like for my social circle it's like when trump has became president it's giving them this validation that what they thought in their head, it's okay to speak on public now and like you get to see that from your friends, from your co workers, you know and your colleagues and I'm like so this is who you were this entire time. But it took, you know, and like
the President of the United States just gave you permission to be racist to be xenophobic, no to be all of this. And
and there's people in the healthcare field, especially like in my program that are gonna be like pharmacists working at the hospital, you know, work at cbs whatever
walgreen threat and like it's not yeah, they believe in colvin everything, but when it comes to, you know with this whole thing with you know, black people getting killed by systemically by police officers, right? Like they my friend who's asian, she's like and she's she's going to be a pharmacist to and you know what she says, she's like why is it black lives matter? Why is it not all lives matter? And like and I'm like you're in the healthcare field and you're saying this right now as well like like hello? Yeah
just
it's in it.
I
don't know. And the thing the thing is a pandemic should unite not divide but
it's
No it is.
What's up?
I mean as an asian?
No like one of the main reasons why didn't I stop working on cbs despite you know like because of my parents, you know health status was because you know you like despite you know working with the people I've worked with for years they give this you know, you can like feel of different like prejudice there. It's an uncomfortable feeling when working, especially the pharmacy, you're supposed to communicate with everyone when you're you know when you're either filling the prescription or just talking to patients when they have questions to come in. You can sense that distancing like okay why why are you looking at me this way? Why are you being more soft spoken? A lot more avoidance to me just because I'm asian and you know it's like we didn't bring the virus here. Yeah like it's like just because it's supposed to come from china, you know it doesn't mean genetically the viruses in this. Like that doesn't make any sense.
And
yeah and like like and that's the most when it comes to prejudice when it comes to like I literally go outside like once every two weeks shopping like Sam's club or Costco and gratefully the community I'm in it's more diverse so that people I see are more people of color in there too. And um predominantly you know we're everyone in our community is not like that. But if we go to somewhere like Home Depot or Lowe's, we are a majority of people, they are white people. You know like you get looks and stares because it's like why is his asian in a home improvement store? Like what is he doing? You know, he doesn't belong here type of stuff.
And
the
thing is,
don't
trust me.
No trust me. Like my
like my
dude, you don't need to apologize.
It's not
trust me. It's it's it's
for me it's like I don't understand what's going on because it's like you've been taught this, you should be able to do, you know, differentiate between wrong and right. Like
it's just a color. It doesn't like, you know, like I don't get it. How does a color like, you know, like differentiate the status where you are in this ladder that's, you know, you put yourself on like and it's, it's very, I, I mean like no one will ever understand it and we all know, you know, racism is taught, it's taught, it's learned. It's not a behavior that everyone is born with. So, and hopefully like,
like, like for me, like my partner and I were not playing advocates. I don't know about you and your girlfriend. But like in this type of society, it's not for me, it's like, like it's very decisive and it's like, I don't know if I could live in and you know, have a girl to have a kid where I have to teach them like, hey, like yeah, your color skin, maybe like I have to name my kid, you know, american name. So they don't have to be able to fully like my name yet stan but like when you write it down it's not pronounced
stan. So like obviously they're going to see my foreigner every time they read my name and like these things like I don't wanna be rude but like american people, they don't need to think about these things when they have kids, it's like I'm just going to have a kid and raise it. They don't need to think about this stuff but for me it's like I have to and it sucks but it's reality and like I just hope you know like things change in the future. I don't know if uh november things will change because
one side,
one,
once I we have a guy that needs like every dementia drugs and the other side, this current president is just, you know, crazy.
no, that's
that's
no
I am too. Uh the last time I had a conversation with someone that's not public health, it's probably like four months ago. So no actually the last time I had this conversation was with someone on this uh study thing.
I
mean
they're not because they talk about and that's it. There was no like what can we do to not have that happen again? They just accept it. Like I don't know if you notice like maybe in the past five or 10 years when things happen, America people in the news, you know everyone will be aware of it, they're just like oh it's so bad. Two weeks later it's like okay it's bad but that's like they're okay with it now
and the people move on from it so quickly nowadays. So it's like this this Russian interference with you know, our daily lives whether being our political system or in our life there just like okay whatever we accept it, which makes no sense. Which makes no sense
dude,
you
know, I I agree because like with without fucking twitter putting a fucking oh trump's not lying today checkmark, it's like everyone's gonna fucking believe this dude on everything
he's saying,
which makes no sense because we're not a developing nation, we're, you know, we're a first world nation. So your access to like education and knowledge is infinite yet it's completely opposite for not like accommodate people to
understand.
that's true,
that's
good.
no no no what you what you said really makes sense and it's it's like it's like it's like I guess okay so you like it's happening in the United States of America but why is it happening so predominantly in the United States, why not in Canada, why not? In Japan, why not? And you know in any of the european nations you know,
so
they have to mistake like a month later though they knew they fuck
I mean someone died a long time ago to prove the earth was flat. Now people are trying to prove that earth is flat again like
you said,
I mean okay, we are going backwards because Trumps trumps 2020 motto is keep America great and his first one is making America great again. So these people are voting for him, want to go back or see all this shit for some reason, which makes no sense.
You
know it's
we're like these
tiny
victories.
No,
I do the same to trust me, I do the same thing with my girlfriend.
She trust me.
No,
it's kind of sad. It's just like saying like like oh yeah, let all the, you know, um anti government fake covid people that believe that stuff die. Let me you know like,
but
you can't do that.
it's just,
you
know, I mean so far the only solution you could think of it, like you have to tear down the existing one and built a new one. But, but like, like you said, even with like even the healthcare perspective, you know, it's going to punish everyone else and same thing with the police perspective, like you can't fire all the cops. Anarchy is going to happen if you do that. So it's like
That's
That's
true.
No, I I agree. Um you know, I could talk a lot about just how police brutality and all that stuff, you know? That's
another that's another discussion with everything that's going on too. And that's that's why it goes back to the point like what the fuck is going to happen next? It's been seven months of
2020.
Like we have five more months, the five more months of potential shit storm coming down, sir. Fire. We don't And
That's funny. There's there's there's no I've seen some of those two on, right? And it's
no
it's true. It's like what the fuck happened? Probably
it's
no exactly like
this is what I'm saying. It's like what the fuck?
Right. I mean, people were afraid that bacon was going to be like, you know, they're like, no one's in the meat factories, no more bacon. Yeah,
it's
no it's it's a lot of stupid shit.
I mean uh let's see, So this is this is my four few in pharmacy school after undergrad, so that's gonna be eight years. I'll get my after
my hospital rotations, so you go to different hospitals, different specialty pharmacies and you get that, I'll have my license, I can practice then as a pharmacist. So I guess that's a good thing, public health. I think it's pretty cool. I guess from an educational standpoint, what I'm learning in public health is like relevant to what's going on. So like the books I'm stating on like how to prepare for a pandemic, you know, public reactions and stuff, history is repeating itself. And when you say
the good thing for me, it's kind of like, this is funny, like I'm learning about this shit and they have proper protocols for the shit, but in reality it's not gonna, no one's listening right now. So for me, I guess it's a funny thing because I guess for me, it was clarity saying like, you know, for public health professionals know what they're doing in the background. So yes, the coronavirus is bad, but like we have health care professionals that know what they're doing. So from that standpoint, I'm like, America is okay. You know, it's just
how our society is going to react. And then not only that, I guess one more year, me and my girlfriend, we do plan to move out from our apartments and live together. So, and you know, they are student loans forever, but so that's a good thing. I'm
like,
Well.
Yes.
Oh yeah, That's when my girlfriend does too.
I'm sure it's better than my shit. I can't draw crap, dude. Mhm.
no, I haven't.
my God. This is pretty good tracing though.
That's
correct.
yeah. No, for
like
no.
Have you guys have you guys been doing gardening? That's what we've been
doing. Nobody.
Called
genius.
That's
I keep I keep forgetting about that. I would not like that's hot shit. Yeah.
michigan we have snow in every season. So
as
it's not in april so Yeah.
I'm not like that. You can look at the count of the weather back in april it's no, it's ridiculous.
No, I do not Do. My parents
are asian like we're
straight from Vietnam so if I
get I'll be dead. Yeah.
Well my parents cultural background is there more of the like 3rd 3rd generations, you know, tattoos are bad,
you know,
gay people are bad, you know? Like, But And
so it's like, you know, from a cultural standpoint, but like, you know, when I get tattoos, how? Yeah, but like, I
can't right now, maybe when when
I have my own house and then they can't say shit. So. Yeah,
exactly. But yeah, no, I I like tattoos, you know, very
to them.
You gotta sleep do like, Yeah,
we're gonna
Oh, that's cool though.
No,
So that's cool though.
And
thank
you.
did
you get the tattoo there? Or when you got back?
Our very
It hurt.
that
I
agree.
No, no, it's fine. No, I I appreciate it. You know,
It's like, like, I mean like, you know, like you are a stranger, but like for me, you would fit in like my type of crowd, like the friends I hang out with with the people, you know, I I would say that too and I mean it's which is like for me like you know like I don't want to be sappy or anything, but you know, just a reminder that there's other people that have common sense and goodness in society, it's like thank God you know, we're
not dying, we're not like like this is this isn't our downfall, you know, there's still people out there that have
well
yeah, no, no that's a good that's a good thought though. I hope that it is
true because it's like if right now like sheriffs and police officers can say oh dr Anthony Fauci to you know, one of the most prominent people who advanced the
cure
for AIDS or not age but like treatment and guidelines for treating AIDS and HIV it's not someone we should listen to like that's kind of scary you know
like if authority figures just saying we shouldn't talk we shouldn't listen to him, he doesn't know what he's talking about. Like that's for me that's kind of scary and I hope that you know when it goes too far like you said though that people can say you know like you guys have your time let's let's let's be for real now you know I hope that it is a case.
Yeah no I agree. I heart
family
You
know what?
Yeah just do what you can for sure. I mean that's what that's what I do you know? You never know
but you know.
for sure For sure
dude. And it's like it's like when you're not sick you don't give a crap about you but when we need your help Oh yeah we're listening to you, we care about you. We acknowledge you as a human being. But when it's not it's like, you know so yeah, it's
it's
You too dude, what time is it over there?
06
Here. So I was
like
getting ready for the day. I was like what? Yeah,
I know. He says
whole crowd.
Oh yeah, yeah, I got the day off so I'm glad.
The picture,
you know.
Okay. All right. You take care to you and your girlfriend and your family safe. Safe. Okay man.
All