Hey, how's it going?
I'm doing well.
I'm john I'm 40.
Yeah. Hey where where are you mark? What part of the country again?
What part?
Okay, cool. I'm
in Portland
Oregon.
Yeah. Yeah it really is. Except we've entered the the rainy period so it's going to.
Yeah, very similar. Yeah. It's uh I don't know like any any break of sunshine that you get now. Uh You just have to take advantage of like get out to the park even if it's like 38 you just bundle up and go enjoy the sunshine.
Right. What are you a student you work in? Yeah. You going,
where are
you going to school?
Yeah. How long you been doing that?
Yeah,
I'm I'm a schoolteacher, I'm an elementary school teacher, so the online
thing
not now now it's pretty miserable. Um But yeah, I mean it's it's thrown me for a loop, hang on a second. Okay. Sounds like you're in it though, right? It sounds like you're in. Okay. I got a guy
doing
school in the next
room, yeah, so I've got 1/5 grader and a kindergartener and they're both trying to do online school and uh yeah, and I'm I've been on leave for the last two months, so I haven't actually been teaching this year yet, but but I'm supposed to be going back two weeks from today and I'm not looking forward to it. It's it's gonna be a mess, I think.
Yeah, my my wife works from home anyway. Um So she's going to have the kids and she's going to have to be managing online school and I'm gonna have to be going into work because we just I don't think we're going to have the band with here, and I don't think that we have the space to to make it all happen. So
just use my classroom on the internet.
luckily I probably just wear sweatpants or something. Those um
Yeah, I don't, I only live four miles from, from work, so it's not horrible, but yeah, well
that's my reminder to log on. Have
you done
one of these
before?
Have you done one of these before?
Oh, that's right. Yeah. You said the guy from Washington?
Yeah, I think this is the like fourth one that I've done successfully. Um
I think I've had three. Yeah.
Yeah. The first one of the, like I did a previous round that was back in like maybe july or august. Um and I think I scheduled three and had two people show up. There's a girl from outside of uh Detroit who was about your age. Then there was a guy who was against mid thirties who was from north Carolina and then you two days ago friday I talked with a girl that was down in san Diego. Um Yeah so
yeah it's kind
to get perspective of you know different different people and different regions. Mhm.
Hey.
What do you
got?
familiar with it, I've never watched
it,
I'd say water like I've always like really connected with water. Uh Love like going on hikes that ended the waterfall.
My grandparents have a place on the coast a couple hours from here and I grew up going there as a kid, so I love the ocean and that it's
crisp.
Did. Yeah.
Yeah that crisp like ocean air like I don't know you just you can't explain it to somebody like unless they've experienced it.
Your number.
Yeah. Do you grew up on the California coast?
Yeah. No I I
know
exactly where that is yeah.
Um I I dated a girl for a while who like grew up in Half Moon Bay and uh had a lot of family there and so I got to spend like a week or two down there like various times. It was
Yeah. It's beautiful, beautiful. A lot of Portuguese people down there.
hurt.
Yeah her brother in law was Portuguese and like there was like a huge Portuguese community down there which I thought was kind of fascinating.
Right? I mean neighborhoods like makes sense to a certain degree like in big cities where you have like you know chinatown or little italy and stuff like that but Yeah.
I think for our
right what what what what would yours be?
Do you do any gardening or anything like that?
Oh okay I squish. Of course dick And the thing yeah
spaces.
That's awesome.
is that a
is that a Pendleton blanket behind you there?
It's a it's a company like um the local company like up here in Portland and there's actually a Pendleton city in like eastern Oregon and they make these beautiful wool blankets um and they're like super heavy and they've got like like native american designs on them and
Yeah
they're really
Yeah. You know.
You are is.
What
are
Very cool. No the latin names and everything for him
hey?
Oh are they? Okay. Yeah we did
on, so when I was teaching fourth grade we had a unit on on plants and like the venus flytrap, like the carnivorous plants, like the venus flytrap and the pitcher plant. And uh is what was the name of that one there? That you have?
The
the one that that traps the flies?
So is that like where it has to trigger like multiple hairs? Like two or three of the hairs have to be triggered and then it like closes on it. Is that how it works? Okay.
That's
super
Yeah. We don't do a lot of house plants but we like being out in the yard and like you know in the spring like just getting your hands in the
dirt.
Yeah. I like uh like we just used more that like I said the like perennial yard plants. I really like the columbine's. Um They like grew up fairly tall and then they have this like multi multi petaled flower that hangs down and they're just super intricate and.
Uh I mean like I got like owning the house like we got pretty into it. Like you learn the names of you know the stuff in your yard and what does well and yeah I mean we don't put a ton of a ton of thought into it. Um.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'd love to have like a water garden though or like a pond with like water plants in it. Lady I work with her mom is uh designs like water gardens in those big like horse troughs, the water troughs. Um And so the way I work with has one in her backyard. That's super cool. It's got like multiple levels to it and it's tiered inside of it and it's got a pump that circulates the water and
it's
pretty
Our
man. Um Mother right? I do but I'm also like very skeptical. Like I I don't believe to the level that my wife believes um Like even when she tries to help me experiences and stuff I'm like now whatever.
But
like I do yeah I do deep down I yeah
I
think I do
the
seven
and
eight.
Yeah I mean there's there's got to be something outside of outside of this.
right. You get your like 75 80 years and then
you're just
done
for
eternity.
I mean I guess there could be like worst times to have experienced your life, your life. But
I mean 13
hundreds,
Yeah. I mean I don't I don't know, like I said, the closest thing I've ever had to an experience was I was maybe like 15 or 16. I was like sitting down in my parents basement and they had this uh like staircase that went down into a hallway and I was like sitting to the left of it. And like out of the corner of my eye I saw this guy like in jeans and a plaid shirt like walk down the stairs and just go down the hallway and like definitely was not anybody in the house. Like wasn't my dad, my brother was like five or six and this was like a full like full grown adult and like it was just weird.
But
then
Yeah. But like, I don't know, it was weird to like I didn't feel like super threatened by it, like it was just more like perplex and like what was that? Um But also it was like one of those things like I saw out of the peripheral and like I was watching tv and it was late at night so like you know, it could have been tired and like
seeing
stuff
I mean
and I, you know, I've had like my wife has a friend that has like photographs where there's like blurred images and like weird orb stuff and I'm like yeah, but that's just like the process of photography, like that's not any scientific proof.
Yeah. I mean I I I think about a lot like I think a lot about that in terms of like I'm not a religious person, like I was raised catholic but like the stuff that jesus like in the bible, the stuff that jesus said and did like if somebody were to do that now like they would just be like they wouldn't even be taken, like it wouldn't be given any credence, any credit like so I feel like you know, jesus were to come back like he'd probably be locked up and like
putting them inside them and like, you know
Euro
like
Yeah, he'd be living like in a homeless camp downtown somewhere
because
the
trip
Yeah. Right. But then like, you know like you said with video editing like people are going to believe it.
like
the deepfake videos like that's nuts. But like, like any disinformation you want to put out, you basically can.
Better.
Is that the right word
worse?
Yeah. Have you watched um have you seen that show uh next on Fox?
It's got uh have you seen Mad Men? Did you watch that?
Okay, so like I think his name is john sad early or sad early, something like that. He was the like kind of like skinny white hair dude, not
Don draper. Um I figured
well
yeah, but like his boss um he's in this show called Next and it's about like artificial intelligence and basically they've got this device that's like an Alexa for all intents and purposes. And in the show it creates like its own like edits its own code and adapts and adopts its own personality and basically outsmarts the humans that have have developed it and created it. And um I mean it's not the greatest show in the world but it's kind of kind of intriguing. It makes you think like where are we headed?
What?
Yeah. I thought I saw a story, I think it was one read it a couple of years back about like some robot that they had created in uh I think it was somewhere in europe and it was supposed to be like traveling across the country going from like city, the city and like the thing made it like maybe 20 kilometers
or something like
people just
vandalize it brought fountains and yeah,
it's like
this
is why we can't have nice things.
You
guys have those electric scooters down there.
know what
I'm talking about though? Yeah. They found like up in Portland, the Willamette River runs through the middle of downtown. They found like 75 of them in
the
bottom
of the program. It like the first week that they had been out.
So
I don't know,
pretty
stupid stuff as a kid, but like not to that level of like vandalism
and just like blatant disregard for communal property like.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know, it's it's scary and I don't know like what I was talking to the lady on friday about is like it's scary raising kids at
the time
with this
like. Yeah. And it's you know, the balance of like, you know every generation has their thing. Like I was telling her like my parents, my grandparents were like sure that rock and roll music was going to be the downfall of society and like corrupt their kids. And um and like, you know now my parents are like sending me articles all the time on the road blocks and like your kids play roadblocks and it's like, yeah, like they shouldn't play roadblocks, pedophiles on roadblocks and like okay, yeah, sure I get
that.
But like there's also pedophiles at Safeway, like, I don't know.
My
parents
like really folks like fixated on raves for some reason. Like, my parents were like constantly telling me to like stay away from raves and like,
no.
Yeah. I think it kind of just almost gained like urban legend level of like, I don't know. I remember like as a kid there was, and I was talking to a guy at work about this like when I was maybe 56 so like, 85 86 87 there were these like urban legends, like cults that would abduct kids and do satanic rituals on kids and stuff like that. And it was never really proven to be true, but it just kind of gained popularity among my parents generation and they would like to warn other parents about it. Like churches would have meetings about it and like, it never really happened that anybody can tell, but like talk shows, like daytime talk show spent like whole weeks talking about it. And it's crazy like.
And it's
so much easier
I guess
now it's so much more pervasive, but.
Well
what
why?
And yeah, I'm guessing like child mutilation by satanic cults wasn't on the list of topics. You had.
What? Evidence, plants, What do you do for fun? What?
Yeah. What do you play?
Yeah, my son's kind of getting into Minecraft a little bit.
I don't even have Minecraft.
What cousin loves Minecraft? I think we had it on the ipad for a while, but yeah, I don't know. Yeah, they uh we have the old like original we that my
wife
had
when
we got married and I picked up another one at the goodwill and did the software mod on it. So I've got like the super Nintendo Nintendo and 64 genesis emulators on there. And then you can just download the Ron's online.
it's super easy. All you need's an SD card. Um
Yeah and uh yeah just google like we soft maude and there's like a file you download put on the SD card and it allows you to like download the emulators. It's pretty cool.
Yeah. Yeah. Well and it's nice to like he doesn't know how old they are but like we can go to Gamestop is gone now but the like there's
yeah, Gamestop closed down.
I think so yeah, I think it was like at the very beginning of like quarantine. Yeah.
No.
Right. Um Yeah but like there's a local game store and you can go and get the games for five bucks. So we've
got
yeah we've got like lego indiana jones and lego Star Wars and
I can show you them. I think he's got he's played them.
but
then it's cool to play like Mario and stuff too. Um And showing the stuff that I that I played growing up.
Yeah. Yeah Mario three I think was like probably my favorite all time game growing up. Yeah we'll have to show it to you.
Do we have it in here? Yeah it's on the way though so. Yeah. Yeah the one he had like the flying tail. That's the one I have asked me. Yeah. What what are you thinking of doing in school, What
you said?
Well
you're smart
to do
it in community college. Yeah. Yeah. Uh If I had it to do over again, that's the way I would have done it. I went to uh private university my first, right, I mean right out of I graduated high school and then went to a private university, my freshman year of college and it was just disastrous. Like didn't go to class partied and spent,
I
mean
like a fraction of the cost. Um So yeah, I mean it was not a good use of money or time. Um So yeah, I quickly discovered I go to community college and did that for 2.5 years and then finished up at the university.
Yeah, yeah, it does stuff out. So he's
were you did you play Skylanders growing up? He's getting into the Skylanders to we got that one.
Well,
yeah, and
I'm like I'm trying to do some of the legwork on it. Um We have this one we've
got
which one and that's trapped in
And
mm that's why cool
Spyros Adventure. Yeah.
Yeah. We don't have any of the traps though so like that's what I was you know we'll go to like Goodwill and pawn shops and stuff and pick up the Skylanders when we see him. But like those traps have they've kept their value like yeah on Ebay and stuff trap team. Yeah that's the one that we play usually. Um Yeah on Ebay and stuff they're they're expensive like
5 10 bucks.
one
the
guys are the guys are fairly good deal, especially if you buy them in a lot. Uh
We want to see how many guys we have. Yeah we've
got a lot of them there. Let me get that.
yeah so that's probably what we'll do this afternoon now that I put it out into the universe.
We'll get stuck on that. And you're done with school aren't you for the day? Yeah. There you go.
And then we have g, yeah there's a few more there. Which
one's your favorite? Um He's not in that. Uh Oh
yeah that's why.
Well
it's kind
of
like the venus.
yeah.
All right well I'm gonna go finish up that survey and then uh entertain him. Guy Landers. I think it was nice chatting with you.
I'm not really
like this one.
That's
enjoy the rest of your day,