Uh huh This is the largest. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Okay if you don't tell me thank you very much for coming. Pretty
good. How are you?
Mhm. My name is Mark 20. What's your name?
Nice to meet you john
California. The central
California and like near Fresno.
What about
that?
Nice. Nice. It's great up there. A lot of trees.
I've heard the last guy I had on was from Washington. So yeah similar. Right.
Yeah. You take what you can get. Sounds sounds good.
Community
college
uh Community college. It's like similar online thing because of the virus.
First year this year. Mhm.
Yeah.
Is
it fine? I'm sorry.
you're
saying
mary
Maybe be fine. Who knows. It could be could be All right.
so are you going in and like doing the online stuff from from the school location or doing, Oh
That's like the worst of both worlds you know it's still online but you got to go no good.
where'd you guys?
Yes
you made
it early
enough.
Excuse me
one. Yeah yesterday
it was cool. It was really nice. I was really nervous but it went well. It went very well.
you get a lot of like people who don't show up and stuff.
huh.
it's all over the place.
I'm variety.
wrote down some some like talking points you know to kind of
kind of keep it fun and interesting. Uh Mind if I read read 11
up.
All right let's let's start with are you familiar with the the like T. V. Show avatar? The last Airbender?
that's all you
need. That's all you need. If you were going to be like a like an airbender or whatever, what would your element be like? Fire water and wind? Earth,
waterfalls are nice market.
I
grew up on the coast to, yeah, it's
Very nice.
That's great. A lot of lot of cool like bugs and plants and stuff
out there too.
Yeah. Half Moon Bay type area,
you
know?
Yeah.
It's a great place. Yeah,
I don't remember that. I was like time
weird.
I've noticed, I've noticed asians personally I guess Portuguese, maybe the station. That's weird. Weird how like certain areas have higher percentages.
All right. It's just the way things go. I guess we're
waterbender. Cool stuff stuff.
Probably Earth. I love a good plant, like cherries and stuff, you know, I guess that would be earth, maybe earth and water, you know? Teamwork.
Yeah. Big time. I have a couple of aquariums back there, bunch of plants in those and um some like similar on the window sill over there. You know I can get them if you want to see. But you are all right. Give me a set.
yeah look
at the pipe.
Thank you. What leopard
part.
I don't know what Pendleton is so
I think it's polyester so probably not. But it sounds nice. I
love
blanket. All right, let me position the camera in a good way. Mhm.
All right. This one right here that's a door sarah ca pence's
these little leaves they wrap up flies that land on them and that you come up. This one is a you trick Ilaria some
kind of circular area. It's like a little
little leaf type of thing. And this is a larger a particular area.
I mean there's there's no common, there's you
know, they're they're kind of
it's huh.
Which one? There's three
of them
joe sarah commences.
were like um it's hard to see on camera trying to give your view. You see like the red kind of glow around. Oh that's good. There's like individual little hairs with like sticky do on them. So when the fly lands on it it like nose from a couple of those hairs and then the entire like plant will curl around it and then
just
suck it up from there. It's good stuff. I love carnivorous plants. My favorite type of plant. Yeah. Yeah.
My
mom speak on that. Yeah. Good stuff. Plants are great.
I love plants that hang down. It's a good type of plant. Your big plant guy yourself.
Just having fun.
That'd
be
great. It's nice because you can just put like whatever type of stuff you want in it, you know, like recreate any, any environment from wherever whichever one you like. I'll
read off another one of these online. All right, ghosts. Do you believe in ghosts? Yeah,
it's
explainable.
There's
probably
something that goes on with them. Maybe we don't,
you know, we can't detect it
or whatever, but
maybe
it's there.
Hopefully be really boring if it wasn't,
that's
it,
that's
it,
we're done.
Absolutely,
but
still, I mean we want more, we're always gonna want more. Yeah,
I'd
go
like straight to home invader, you know, like oh no, no, no.
I think
there's
a term for like where you'll see like things out of the peripherals that don't exist, but you recognize them is that it's sort of like an uncanny valley type of thing. Bottom of specifics, fingers
crossed. Hopefully it's a ghost friendly ghost.
Mhm. It gets harder and harder to prove every day with like video editing and stuff, you know? It's like, I don't know about that.
Big.
Probably just ignored people.
Let's just
be like, all right, sure.
Maybe
he'd step up the miracles, you know, maybe
you
do something cool or who knows, the kind of with us?
Yeah, I see like crazy stuff all the time, like just edited stuff, stuff I wouldn't
believe.
And we're not even like on the top level of deep fakes, you know, like it's kind of like we're just getting there and it's gonna get so much better. Like we need to have some sort of
way to kind of
better.
Yeah, I guess it would be worse too.
No no
I've watched like the first three episodes.
that's
the guy.
I know.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I remember Microsoft made an ai like a public one. It was called Tae and it went extremely poorly. Like it got very racist and just like bad. Yeah. Yeah
because like the ball was like public you know people could talk to it tell whatever they want and it learned so like it kind of went off the rails a little bit then take it down. It was like saying it's not good stuff.
Sweet
bashed
it.
it's
no
good.
I know you build a robot, you bash it man come on. It's a robot. That's
so
We don't have them like no not like not like the public ones now. I
wish.
What are
you doing
that?
I wonder what like the thought process behind that is, you
know like it's
thing
and throwing
but
are trying to improve like the quality of life and you're hindering. It sucks.
I
bet.
I bet
maybe
two
probably gets harder and harder every day. There's already so many things that can go wrong with like having kids and it's just more and more people
getting
crazier.
I didn't, I didn't know that was a real thing until I was like 15. I've never like experienced it. I've never
heard people talk about it. I don't know. I live in a kind of small city that, but I don't know.
It's outrage culture. I guess. I got to find something to kind of be worried about. Like
one
day
an idiot.
I mean, I know there were some
like kind
of, not colts but like organizations where they have kids come in and then they do
bad stuff to them, But I don't know if it's cold, like that's kind of just life. People are always going to do that heavy, heavy that stuff.
It's true. It's true. It's not there. Maybe next time I'll put it down for next time, you know, I'll bring that up first. See what happens. Yeah.
Well I work on the aquarium, you know? Um, Ooh, I play video games. I guess. I love a good video. Again. I
don't do much like CS, co counterstrike, Minecraft School. It's cool again. Um,
cool game. Cool game. The servers get a little weird, you know, sometimes, but cool game. Typically
you should, it's a great game. It's very fun. Great game.
Help
Me too.
Me
too.
Wow. You can do that on week. Uh
Maybe I'll look into that,
We use our really old too.
It's great. What?
All of them,
I guess I guess with the internet kind
of useless.
that's probably
good.
Yeah, lego Star Wars, great game. We love like Star Wars.
I've got them. All right. I love like I'm
proud.
Oh, you like the old ones then?
Old game is pretty good.
Biology.
Biology. Yeah. I'm gonna try and get into like microbiology type things, you know, like the little critters. I don't know much about it so far, I'm still taking like the prerequisite
classes to kind of
call
for.
got
to
do that at community, you know? Yeah,
yeah, that's what I'm planning on doing.
sorry.
That's my favorite. I still
have it. Oh
yeah,
Is that
the original?
we
know that
that looks like the original.
That's seriously
Mhm. Good morning.
Well I just got into it like recently for nostalgia, you know? Well I played it like a long time ago like the games and then just kind of bought a
couple on Ebay for like $2 each. So turn boxes
like, wow.
Yeah,
absolutely
Put like put my collection to shame man, it's secure. No.
good use of time.
way to go,
What's your favorite? Which one is his favorite? Do you think?
Yeah.
I don't think I've seen that one. Very cool though, Colonel. Very
cool. Like a turtle
and an
ankle
sorest. Yeah. Yeah.
Very cool.
You too. I hope we hope everything goes well beyond
the levels.
Zoop zoop. Right. We
know that one. Very cool. Maybe. I don't know.
It's all right,