Hey, how are you? Mhm
Can you hear
me?
Yeah, I can hear you.
Could
nobody How are you doing?
I'm doing good, thank you. How's the day?
yeah that
it's one even though even I am myself sitting close to the ring though I see the sun on this side. Yeah. Yeah, it's fine. I like I like lights and you know some so what you do, you're working, studying?
Impact a lot with you like in terms of your work and etcetera, is it impacting a lot of things around here?
Yeah, Thank you.
Is the pandemic impacting a lot of your work or how is it going to the
Mm
Like from the crowd and other people where you make, you know, Yeah, less risk, you know
many.
Yeah. This whole thing has been so crazy and it's uh like 10 months
now, Around 19 months but it's still a month. No,
it
no
report
the ending stone.
And I was
reading
a couple of years ago directing the fighter of this in Vietnam. It
has to be stored and
so
low temperature
like -94 Fighting hate it's still really being next to impossible
for all
these pharmacies and doctors offices to store it, wow.
You know? So as of now, I mean those sticks could also be a challenge of
a few others
as
well. Just now. Right before we call, I was reading about the rats in Russia. So Sputnik vaccine, they fighter announced Our success. It is 90%. There were Russian announced our success rate is 92%. Um
this is like you know, you know that kind of thing like we are better than this that
Government because it is
really we can't really trust what are the credible sources coming out from there that yeah.
You know that.
Something. Yeah.
That was a big deal in that time. Yeah.
exactly that
you know around the USSR time. Yeah exactly. It's like
vintage
for them. It's like legacy. Yeah.
Well, I'm glad everything everybody is around around you is staying well and all for the same
as well. You know this has just been for me.
I
have
also been working from my work in I. T. In retail and most of my world can be done from home. But there have been instances where some things can only be done enough either Justin or where and you know all these kind of things, There are things within them in office. I've been to office three times but mostly remote now I'm in Ohio and I don't know now faces are increasing in Ohio as well. So they believe we have the address from the government statewide Oklahoma we're going to do because At some point
like at least a month ago cases
came down to around 700
800. This is really good. Now again you can pass through this, this is like 5000 plus
Goes to the US. and every day they had 100,000 plus cases, you know.
and
in the beginning
it was bad around there right
there
are
in the beginning it was bad.
It was pretty bad it was there yeah and then
new
york was pretty bad too.
Yeah they don't like high graphic ideas, you know? Yeah.
How long you've been doing this prolific thing?
Thanks,
leave
it on the side and do it when you see anything. Yeah, I think, I mean a couple of years I think we're just here for months since we're working from home anyway so it doesn't hurt you know and explains on doesn't it goes well Anything
I need a nerve
using about
some politics.
In terms
of all these extra incomes serving and all that.
I
know.
Yeah. I heard the same thing about him. It's like very time consuming and not that rewarding as compared to prolific where you spend the same amount but even more rewards with problems that it's like more quality surveys. First of all diverse service. It's not like repetitive. There are some of the website where you get like same surveys and all at the end of the survey you get rejected and they don't care. Unit
At least with this there are chances that it won't be rejected and you get a quality of survey. Yeah.
Yes. And this video chat thing have you don't need me both
crop.
Thanks.
same thing. This is my I think Turner forced on her and I believe you. Yeah I think they keep on launching like after a couple of weeks the new one is gonna come and then you sign up again. Yeah. It is interesting because I like it better. The reason is it is directly from the university, most of it from the research probably for the men who are working
on their major projects and other things
good Anderson and very good
quality.
You don't know a lot about it and. Yeah I
mean and it's like if it shows up and then you are able to reveal your place you get it. That's what they and it's not like you will be rejected later or something like that. My experience so far has been really good with a compared to work couple of others and so. Yeah.
Oh,
well
then.
Well
these gigs
are
on craigslist
as well. Mhm.
Well,
I I have ever um tried credit because my experience
is paved with is like kind of, you know, whether it's genuine or not or
those kind of things. The only time I used the example to find an apartment. Mhm. Yeah,
Uh that you know, there are so many spans and all those things on the credit.
Family
correct. And if it's from universities and from, you know those study groups, those seem pretty gentlemen. Yeah. So how's the weather over there right now? Getting
it is great.
what?
Well, the name
remember I went Seattle for a week for some of my things. I stayed there and I'm like France plays and then every day it was running every day it rains a lot here and yeah and I went there and I was living in florida at that time I'm like florida is hard and here it rains every day you know? Yeah.
8 30.
some
hurricanes and all, yeah.
Small time from
and there's something now I'm in Ohio and here the weather is you know we get pretty much all the seasons, It doesn't get crazy cold over here, it doesn't get crazy holder. Also here I know in part I used to be like at least 105 have experienced there. It is that bad here and colder also it was. no but not like smell like every day like crazy but it will smell like a couple of times heavy snow, but that's about it.
Well
Global, yep.
It is
and you plunge your close to California beaches around there, you know the weather is over there.
How how long will be the nearest beach in California? Like if you drive from
the
Oh yeah you have to Okay. Yeah.
All
I
think.
All
All
in
right, I know a lot of people lay who live close to Seattle close to Oregon sunny, they do show up in Oregon because it's a texting state and a lot of people do like bulk shopping from Oregon and then come back
my name's Bird,
it's in and around. Yeah. Yeah.
And
Yeah that is also like
around
east coast
areas.
A lot of people do
the same thing with Delaware.
Delaware. Oh no, text
and Delaware has a lot of banking industries and all the other, that's what a lot of people I I personally know a couple of friends who just shot from there like big stopping like all things kind of something on the yeah,
everybody
shops
All
very, very well, yeah, so you've been
just
working
from home since
pandemic
and
you were working before as well? A lot of
bomb
and
my
think of
yeah, because it doesn't hurt you know and she's trying to get into coding and development.
It is,
you're always open indiana. Yeah. Yeah.
lot of universities, a lot of these third party websites have started like especially because of pandemic is starting some pre courses you know and return.
you get that from the city side. Yeah that's that's a good thing to learn. Yeah. And the same thing with you like I do testing for these products for example all the software applications, mobile isn't so for our website so that is fun to you know what the developers and closely enough try to get those things fixed. Yeah it is interesting area and always there is always the area to learn. You know I'm trying to learn more love like automation as well in terms of their like testing couple type manual of the nation's from automation is more profitable I would say in terms of my memory this thing is more redundant. Also more that's what it did and monotonous. Yeah.
Yeah.
You think? Okay.
Well
these
are
operating system Windows or MacOS or UNIX or others?
longer.
Yeah. So let me, yeah I haven't used Lennox in a very very long time. I don't even remember the last time when I saw how often do you get updates and Lenox like for example Windows and Macs there are new Os like all the time you know.
Well that's that's interesting because with all these
Mac
OS
and Windows
there always
update if I don't
turn on
my laptop or
don't do any update on my Windows laptop
for a week
after
of India are like more than 100 of these and
so.
is that what it does in clinics?
Car
and
like some
similar like like I have
iphones but there will be so many apps which have made
but
if you want to open it now you have to update it first. Otherwise there are some apps which you can ignore or you can update later or find that or you can do what our date. But there are some apps which definitely they want you to of the first and then only you can often have. Yeah.
The doctor.
you know that
or and also operates sometimes I do like photo plate away and put it on the charging and it will be distributed overnight. Yeah. So do you like iPhone 12 go on the recent recently launched.
I
mean
now you have most current I. R. S. On a trade. I just
they say they. Yeah I haven't
looked at I control yet but looks in the pictures and the video looks interesting but More of more of it has been like similar design from past 56 years not like drastically has been changed from past vibrations but Apple has I believe the good marketing skills and on just to get away with it.
And so
And
you cannot install her party app only. Yeah, If you jailbreak it, then you lose the warranty and all the other things but things. Yeah. That, that is an interesting thing in android device devices. You can customize it based on your needs. Yeah.
And
I told,
right, I always think like if there is a way to put an IOS in an android phone, I'll take it.
So is.
And then when I look at the picture quality, the camera quality, the images, you know the screen itself on the Samson phone. I'm like Apple is nowhere near to these homes in terms of that quality. But when I look at the IOS, I'm like embryo is nowhere close to the IOS. If they can just put in something together, you know that uh and
yeah,
so it looks like we should be done right? Yeah.
What?
All right.
At
the
that is that. You know, unfortunate. I know they, in their message they put in like just have a couple of extra minutes just to just to be sure that
you have. Beautiful.
but
what I noticed this, you know the tab that I clicked and then there's our window open. There is a time around that as well with
which keeps running at the bottom. I just realized that. But
I think this also includes better time after you clicked on the link. Right? Yeah.
I believe maybe.
What happened? You enjoy
it?
Nice talking to you. Bye.