wait can you? Oh sorry
you
hear me?
Okay I can hear you know I had
volume accidentally muted for a second.
Not bad, how about yourself?
Good. Uh Not too bad. Got a little bit of work done you know had some breakfast earlier and yeah I'm just kind of chill day. Yeah
can you see okay with this window I can move around maybe with the light. Okay.
Um A little of both. I also did a little studying this morning, I'm kind of I'm working a little from home right now just freelance so I did some transcription work. I do what I can get, I do some translation when I can get it some transcriptions, some editing. Hopefully I have an editing job coming up soon that will pay better and be better work than the transcription I'm doing now which is it's not it's boring and it doesn't pay great you know but it's work. Um you can do it from home you know? Which is good during pan whole pandemic thing. Uh Yeah,
hold on, I'm gonna put my headphones on my computer sound isn't that great? Oh yeah, can you still hear me?
Okay, cool. Yeah, I can hear you a lot better now. So what?
Not really because I was mostly working from home anyway. Um Yeah, but
and I'm living out in the middle of nowhere right now, I'm I'm staying with my mom again for now um just out here in the country, which is, you know, also a good place to be um
Right, so it's, I mean it's, you know, working from home is also easier here anyhow.
Um So it's yeah, I was doing a little bit of other stuff in in the city, but it wasn't enough that it makes a huge difference, you know, to be to be just working from home so
And
You know
it
you
know that
you know who knows how long I mean even once they get a vaccine you know that's not going to be the end of it because they have to get enough doses and send it out and then people have to actually take it and then it's still going to take time for immunity to build up and everything else. So
and
I was
because
for
for
you yeah,
Ever been in office
before.
I see.
know Astrazeneca is also in Phase three trials of one and there's a few others. But
given
that
huh.
Oh yeah. Oh they're making it up they're just they're lying through their teeth. That's a very typically Russian and I'm not you know I'm not really typically Russian government, like I've lived in Russia you know Russian people aren't bad people but the government yeah
the
they fit all with their numbers. They always want to talk up. They want to go back to the glory days of the soviet
union and Russian empire basically. Yeah. Mhm.
Okay.
I mean that's they're calling it Sputnik. Right That's yeah.
Uh huh.
With
my victim.
Yeah.
good.
What
we
know?
No what
it's
something else?
Yeah I just I just heard on the news last night the cases just exploded across the U. S. So
Yeah I haven't looked I should check in Washington state which is where I am. Um I know Washington has been doing better than the midwest and the south. Um Just because of yeah, that the
government has been pretty strict but
big
oh it was that was, it was one of the early epicenters, which
is
why the government, the government got really strict about it really early on. So.
Perfect.
For
that.
Yeah, because that I mean it's coastal right? There's big airports and lots of people coming in and out of the country and Mhm.
Yeah.
Um a couple of years. You know, it's it's a little bit of extra income so especially because I'm on the computer um you know all the time for for work and whatnot. So just
have the tab open
and
Every
day
more.
Yeah. Um Well just I mean in terms of, you mean in terms of work or extra
stuff.
just this right now because it's the only thing I'm, you know, that's the only thing I really know of online and I've heard of like mturk and mechanic that, but I heard that it's really for your time it's so time consuming that it's not really worth it
versus
prolific but.
Yeah. Yeah, I tried a couple of those other little survey type sites and it's, yeah, they're just frustrating. You can.
Yeah, pretty much if it shows up in your thing, you know, it's your accepted into the survey as long as you pass the attention checks or whatever. So
Yeah, this is like my 5th 1. So I did,
I was, I did all that I was eligible before
at first I was only eligible for four and then it came out with a new one that said you're eligible for seven all together now, so. Mhm.
I love you.
Yeah, a lot of them are actually interesting, you know? It's
Wait
wait.
Yeah.
Yeah
I used to I guess I should I should start doing it again, just troll through craig's list, like gigs on craigslist and I've actually gotten a couple of phone surveys through there. There was one that was like
it was like half an hour an hour and I got paid 60 bucks I think I got like a check in the mail or something. Um
And what, I was still living in the Vancouver Portland area, I would get stuff on there that was like um in person surveys or like testing or testing products or whatever. So
you go down there and you know do something and get like $90 for trying something out or in person survey or whatever
these
things
are producing.
Um It's usually
under the so you'll see like the jobs category and then you just choose gigs instead of like yeah.
Waste
off
Yeah that's that's mostly what I've used it for myself. Yes.
Oh yeah, for sure. But you can usually tell I mean with like the research studies and surveys and stuff, you can tell if it's a genuine because you'll have a web link that you click
and you go to a site, you know, so.
Uh Today it's a sunny day and it is the last one. It's gonna be for quite a while just being the pacific northwest. Right. Um
Yeah it's actually going to snow tomorrow. We're a little bit up on mount Adams and we're a little bit further east from from Seattle so we get like a little bit more four seasons, a little bit
more of a cold weather. You know wind winter so it's supposed to snow tomorrow but then after that it's going to warm up and just rain for like the rest of the forecast so sunny day and since I work you know self employed I'm thinking you know after this this afternoon I'm going to go up in the woods and just walk around for the rest of the day. Take advantage of you know
the last day. Mhm.
it's a good part of the year. It does
It actually doesn't. What's interesting is Seattle doesn't get a huge amount of precipitation in terms of inches compared to a lot of other cities like cities in the south like florida Louisiana get as much maybe or closely with much precipitation in Seattle because they get these huge storms in the winter and stuff. I mean in the summer
or so.
Yeah. Um Whereas see it but Seattle gets more so many more rainy days, but it's like steady small smaller amounts of precipitation
over forever. Mhm.
Yeah, we've it can get there was a year Here, I think it was 2017 because I stayed here for a while a couple of years ago as well,
and summer of 2017 it was up to 105 for days on end, so somebody can get hot here as well. And obviously more so than they used to when I was a kid just because we're warming.
Yeah
and winters are not as cold as they used to be for the same reason. Uh But we still get definitely get snow every winter. Um, not as much as it seems like we used to get when I was a kid, but for sure we get snow. Uh huh.
That's a pretty long drive to California
to
get to California from here. I mean we're in Washington, so shit to go all the way down. I mean to get to like Lincoln city in Oregon. So first of all, it's
first, you have to get to the coast from
here, which is going
to
be, so it's like an hour to Portland and then it's another hour or two to the coast. So get to the coast, it's a good three hours probably.
And then to drive all the way down through the state of Oregon is gonna
be five hours. Yeah, but there, there's good, there's nice beaches in Oregon though. Um, it's not, you know, As warm as California, but in
the summer, in the summer it gets nice and warm. 80s, 80s. In the 80s.
Mm Hmm. We live we live right close to the Oregon border about 12 miles away, so we definitely shop in Oregon.
everybody here does, Yeah.
especially, I mean, if you think, like, if you just think about the way the tax scheme is set up, if you're living in Washington is also the town, the towns here is much smaller. The towns are much smaller, there's really one town and there's some or unincorporated communities like
the big towns are really on the Oregon side. Um The main big town that's, there's one that's closer to us and there's one that's further east, that's bigger. But you know, so a lot of people live in Washington and work in Oregon. So if you live in Washington, Washington doesn't have a state income tax but it has a high sales tax and it has property tax. So if you live in Washington and you work in Oregon but then you still have to pay the Oregon income tax. So if you shopped in Washington then you'd also be paying the Washington sales tax right? So you'd be paying like triple taxes if you didn't stop in Oregon so
don't get
along
these
things.
of people.
What?
That
That's also where, yeah because the bigger towns are across the river. That's also where the I mean that's where the big store stores are in that everybody shops
you
know supermarkets. There's like there's like a small grocery store on this side of the river. Um And a couple
other little places like a pharmacy and a hardware store but you know it's not where you do substantial shopping anyway, so
You
speak
what?
What?
Thank
you.
pretty much. Um And then I'm doing some uh online because I'm a university of michigan alum, so I have, you can get some free online courses, so I'm studying python
and
yeah, I'm learning some html. Also some
CSS I figure
I might as well I have some time on my hands, you know.
Yeah, I mean it's interesting, it's something new to learn and
you know, like there's so many, it's always so many openings in the field and it's not like you have, you know, I've talked to friends and I have a friend who's an engineer. Um He was a former he's a former Russian student of mine um from the U. Of M. And he said, you know, you really don't need like a four year computer science degree. And I was also looking at graphs, you know, it's like, so, so here's how many positions are opening up in the industry and here's how many computer science graduates there are every year, right. Like, so, yeah, they're not, there aren't enough of them to fill the positions anyway.
I said, you know, learn, learn the skills, you know, create some projects, put stuff up on gIT hub, you know, do some stuff show that you can do some stuff and start from there.
Yeah, I get these for free because I'm alum, so, yeah,
mm hmm.
Yeah, I'm also learning my way around unique systems, so
yeah, that's not bad to know. I mean, I use Lennox, you know, as an operating, I use man jaro right now, just for my computer as an operating system and you know, some learning also how to use it. Uh just in terms of as a shell, like online, um
so you know, might pick up a little bit of the systems administration stuff that way too, learn a little of everything starting out,
I
don't know.
Um in terms of, I mean, I I do, I kind of know Windows, but I haven't used it in so long and I haven't used Mac, I've never owned a Mac, I've used it, you know, in in the university, just like casually in the computer lab or whatever. But um I'd be used to Lennox Since like on my personal computers since like 2013 or 2014.
So yeah, that's pretty much what I know, I mean, you know, windows is easy, I can sit down and use windows. Yeah.
yeah, Lennox is the one I'm using now, man Jaro is based on Arch, so it's like a rolling system. So basically it's it's constant, like it's constantly updating. They don't even provide, it's not even like they come out with, you know, 14.0 point 14.0 point one, like unto does it just it's a it's rolling updates. So even before I want to install, you know, something new on my system, I I have to go in and do like, you know, pseudo uh s y you like system update to make sure everything is is current before I install anything, so I don't break anything like um Yeah.
Well,
just to
make
broke
All
because
it's not
problem.
Look mr
publicly.
Absolutely.
The
nice thing about it is it doesn't force you to do it before you can open the computer though, you know what I mean?
No, it doesn't Lennox doesn't do that because Windows, I remember I had Windows um as like a dual boot thing on my last computer. Um and I would open Windows and it would be like no you have to do the updates before
you can even use Windows, it's
like
I
are you
Of
the.
At least I have an iphone as well um and you know at least because it it's kind of irritating when it wants you to update the OS and it reminds you like every time you pick up the phone uh but at least you can use it, you know, without updating it until
you get around to it, because it's not like I have necessarily half an hour to sit my phone down and update it
that second.
I actually have an eight, I don't have enough money to get like a new one. Everything they come out, so I'm going to use this one until it's, you know, not supported anymore probably. Yeah,
and then
then get whatever the new one is. What's that? Yeah.
yeah, they support them for, you know, five years or whatever, you can keep getting the most current IOS Yeah
mike
Oh for sure. Although I think, you know, my next forward, I might just get an android um
Yeah or something, you know, Apple is kind of just in terms of as a company that kind of ears taste because everything is proprietary, you can only buy their hardware that you can only have their sandbox software, you know, you can't get the google app
store and
Yeah. And I think with android you also get, I mean you just get more bang for your buck in terms of as a phone
with, you know, hardware inspects and everything so
you're not paying for the brand.
Yeah, I mean I do that's one thing I do like about Apple is it's just you know, I've had an iphone for my last one, it's so easy,
it's like it's so intuitive, you know, it's simple, like I don't have to think about it.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, I'll head out, I'm you know, kind of want to get up in the woods, we might want to get, you know, give it another minute just so they don't
they don't say, oh you only went, you know, five seconds, not enough. I had that happened one time and they were
enough to at least
still
paid. But I think we went up to like 25 or 26 minutes and they were like, no, because you didn't start. I don't know.
I know because
I'm probably the one who made them put that in. There were probably multiple other people or something because they had that happen. I don't know.
But
No, there is.
Oh yeah, you're right. Okay. Although I yeah, I had mine open before I joined the
Uh huh. Okay.
Anyway, I think we're probably good now. So yeah, I'll head out, get up, get up in the forest and see what I can see. Yeah.
They're
talking to you. Yeah,
take care. Bye, bye.