it?
Hi,
can you hear me okay?
Yeah good, how are you? The
no you're totally fine.
Uh My name is Laken.
Um I'm from Wyoming.
Oh what's your name?
No,
I think I'll ask her. Oh
Right. Yes
sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah I thought we would get like promised or something but yeah,
no
you're totally
fine.
Is it? It's
still
pretty,
it's pretty mild, it's not warm
fully.
Yeah.
Yes. Um It's going okay. I was actually supposed to start training for a job in March like right as the lockdown and everything was supposed to happen so. Yeah.
No.
Yes yes yes, yes for sure. Yeah.
Um Well I was a student um I graduated recently and so I was supposed to start a job at the Census Bureau like going
to
this
The way.
Yeah.
Mhm.
A little bit, yeah, but I can hear you just fine.
for sure. Yes. What have you guys been doing for like entertainment and stuff?
What
in Wyoming? We're not as densely populated so they're not like it's taken seriously but it's not strict if that makes sense. Yeah.
Right. Right. I get you.
now.
Um I graduated um well I did a year at Colorado State but I was the major I was in was just too much, I didn't have the time, I didn't have the energy to feel it. So I transferred fully online to Black Hills State and that's where I finished up in business. Yeah.
What's the exact degree or field?
Oh yeah. Shit market. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Not working or anything. Just passing the time with studies and and the typical
like netflix and uh they're watching, you know?
So nice to have you guys been able to do at least like outside stuff?
I don't either. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yes. Yes. My allergies have been horrible, horrible, horrible, horrible. I feel you.
But
I do. Um I have two cats and I had a dog, but we had to put him down in March, so
um a little bit. Yeah,
but
the thing I found is that like dog people don't really like cats but cat people like
both,
you know? Yeah.
So
I'm assuming
you have the um the study through prolific right?
How did you, Yeah. Yeah. Um how did you get into that or how did you find out about it,
prolific?
mm And it does add up.
Yeah, I haven't done one like this either, but I'm in a couple of them that are like two months long of just like weekly check ins about how I'm doing with the whole covid thing that yeah, those
are
paid
pretty
pricey.
Um prolific specifically about two months seriously and then probably 2.5 where I've actually signed up. Yeah.
Um there's a couple, there's uh like
they're they're called Beer Money sites. Like I follow the beer Money subreddit on Reddit, which helps kind of figure out which sites are good which actually pay you and if they pay you good rates.
So if I'm that slide boxes, okay. Um there's one paid viewpoint that pays good. Um Yeah, trying to think.
Yeah, I do quite a few. Yeah.
I can't tell you how many times have been burned on a survey, especially like tv ones where you have to watch like our episode and they disqualify you at the end like thanks.
um Yeah, because I'm not currently employed. I do live with my mom.
Thank
you.
there's nobody there for you. Like your mom.
Mhm.
Okay. Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How old is she?
Not speaking from experience but just
seeing
Yeah. Do you guys have any pets?
Do
you
want
to travel there?
gosh.
I have one yesterday and my person didn't show up past but I noticed that with that like
the normal message with the link to get into the chat and stuff, it didn't come into like two minutes before my chat was scheduled. Yeah.
And some glitch it's going
on.
All right. Okay.
Um, I haven't fully decided yet. I suppose I probably should
just because with business, you know, the more, you know, I haven't fully decided yet right now, I'm
not
because because
I like grind it out school when I was in it. Like I got my associates before I graduated high school. I did college. Yeah,
I did college in three years. So
yeah, I'm just
like fully rented out. So
21. Yeah.
Thank you.
That it's easier online though just because you get to do your own thing and you don't have to
be
with
people.
Yes.
Picture.
And a lot of times the teacher can make or break that class though, because I've had a lot of classes were like, you could tell it was a class that's supposed to have like lectures posted that you can watch and fall along with. But when nobody would do it, there was no lectures, so.
Yeah, that's good. Yeah, I wanted to just learn from reading the book. I would just buy a text book and read it on my own, you know? Right.
that makes sense.
You're okay.
You have the seventh.
You can,
I totally
get it.
you're,
you're totally
fine. I'm not a huge talker myself. Yeah.
No, I think we end it,
Mm
hmm.
Mhm.
Yes.
Tell me about your tattoos. Is there any story behind them?
But,
you
know?
I should have. Um no, I do. I just haven't found
like
what
I'm
gonna
do.
Mhm Yeah,
yeah. Look. Mhm Yeah.
Um yeah, I live, I live in a mountainous kind of area um which is rare. It's mostly just like, it's mostly just like a flat lands in prairie, but there is a lot of wind, which
is
not a fun.
I have an uncle that is retired in a santa fe,
but that's all I
Oh yeah.
Yeah, that's
otherwise,
yeah, that's
all.
Say that again.
Um just once to visit
him. Yeah.
So
I'm
where area but not, yeah. No, no, no big knowledge of it.
Do you guys
have
a date plant? Do you guys have a date planned or just engaged
so far? Just enjoying it?
practically.
I
bet.
How did
you guys meet?
Oh, mm. I went to high school in a really small area in South Dakota. So I get you.
I'm from a lot of places. I originally was born in an air base in South Dakota when my mom was stationed um and then when I was nine months we moved to Seattle and that's where for the most part I grew up with in Seattle
and
that. Oh yeah
cool. And then my parents split up so we moved to Carson city Nevada for two years, then moved back to South Dakota. Then I went to colorado for a year for school and then here in Wyoming.
to
us. Um Not necessarily just because Seattle's like hugely densely populated but I miss like the weather, the cold weather, the the ocean. Yeah.
Um Kind of not as much as the stereotype says, it's mostly just cloudy and dark.
It doesn't
mean of course.
Um No, I like colorado. It's just also like really densely populated. Like for fort Collins for being
growing
city.
There's a lot of traffic, a lot of traffic. Like no matter where you go prepare like twice the driving time just in case because you're probably twice
the time. Yeah.
No.
for sure.
Do you know where your uncle lives like specifically in Seattle?
Like
what area?
Uh huh. Mhm mm.
So
pay attention
to me. Yeah. You're fun. Okay.
What?
so
mhm.
Um The area I live in, there's a few things in general, there's
not a whole lot of like nature things to do, but I do live by a reservoir. Um I do live on the Wyoming. Yeah the Wyoming Utah border. So there's a lot more to do in Utah that's more natural and going out flight stuff. Yeah. Was
no, there's
much.
Yeah, I do, I like exploring and hiking and all that. Um, but otherwise I like more kind of creative stuff. Like I'm a music nerd.
art stuff. Yeah.
And I like
art how it's more subjective, like you don't have to be good at it as long as you're just creating, you know?
That's
not, yeah.
I sometimes draw, drawing is not necessarily my favorite. I prefer more like painting using oil pastels,
that kind of
Mhm.
Oh no. Um I like just doing mostly like nature scenes and all that. I'm not heavily advanced either.
And
it kind of is, I don't want to say nature scenes are basic, but they don't require like a whole lot of technique I guess.
So
what I'm trying
to say.
I suppose like portraits of people. Yeah. No, I can't do that. Yeah.
Home.
Let's take a call.
Yes you do. Is
that an alcohol lot like talking to you?
I got some experience of people that have done this study that I've had. Weird people. So thanks. We're not one of those people.
Yeah. Yeah. I think we're good. I think we have 25 minutes.
You
too.
And thank you for talking to me. You guys have a
good day.