Hi.
So did you get did you get this through the prolific survey?
Are they?
it's been nice.
But
that.
Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh.
yeah. I don't see any questions.
Mhm. Uh Do you do you work as well or you just do all this stuff on the side?
Well I work at home actually for an insurance company doing their duty. Um So it's easy for me to get time to do this kind of stuff as well on the side because I'm here all day.
Yeah. I think I probably from the same place.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm in I'm in Kentucky. Where you at
California wow. What's the weather out like out there right now?
Yeah, I'm ready for it but I'm not.
Other than like having a stock problem, More food. Nothing's really changed for me. How about you?
Yeah. Go ahead. Go ahead.
Yeah. Yeah. And I went to a hardware store a few days ago and I was amazed at how pack that place was just like a lumbers tour. It's weird. What?
Yeah. That's supposed to be going on to uh maybe the end of the week, maybe I think some of it so.
Seems like they would like lose a lot of money if they did it that way, all the businesses open but no one can go to.
It's the first
person.
Mhm. Yeah. Be like it out there in California because I've never been that far west.
Yeah.
Right. Yeah. Yeah that would be nice uh having all these different environments. So so close, that would be great with uh you have allergies out there pretty bad or? Yeah.
What?
Oh june I was hoping you'd say no give me more of a reason to go out that way because it's
bad
you.
Yeah. Allergies are real bad here in the Ohio Valley area. It's, it's a little bit, I don't know. I've heard places like maybe uh maybe colorado, places like that. Maybe you don't have it. So bad places closer to the mountain areas. Yeah.
Okay, that's true. Oh,
the person Sure. Well, yeah.
And
you know, Ohio is very
random.
It could be, yeah. That's something.
What?
Professor.
Yeah, it's nothing. Okay.
I've been there a couple times, but outside of Cincinnati like nothing.
Never.
Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, I think the furthest west I've ever been with Nebraska, I think I went to Omaha all once and it was just like nothing there. And also
yeah.
Something to look at. Yeah.
Other than like corn fields. Yeah. Have you ever been to the like the redwood forest out there
around
the country?
No.
Yeah, I've ever went out there, I'd probably have to go do that, but like here like you know we have Lexington and the derby and all that stuff here and I've never done any of that. Mhm. Yeah, it's kind of funny how you I don't really do a lot of things uh states known for when you live there, but
Uh huh. Yeah, my my sister
moved to new york for a little while and she was excited to go up there and it was just it was just a terrible place to go up there too, she was close to all the new york city, so.
Yeah, we moved back pretty quick though, so yeah, I don't think people see a
lot of that, you know the big city seems like it would be nice place to go, but if you live there you see a lot of the underside of the people don't think about,
I
had,
I went to florida the only two, like I just went straight to Orlando, I haven't really didn't mean a whole lot of other places down there but yeah um I mean outside of Disney world is probably pretty bad. Mhm. What?
Wait
Yeah. Home yeah, have you been to Disneyland out there? Were around in California or no,
by the way, does it become just like any other theme park after you've been there once or?
Right now you know universal in florida is pretty much just like all harry potter now. Um
Yeah, but so when you go to Disneyland out there, how many, like what's a good amount of time to stand out there if you do go like just trying to try and see everything you say a weed
Or
bit over.
Yeah. Mm. How far do you think that is from the, from like a nice beach out there, about an hour away or more than that?
And
awareness. Yeah. That's not the case in florida because you go to like Orlando and it's about an hour and a half dropped any beach, but the closest one is Daytona and that's a highway A one a goes through there. So it's like why dirt sand?
It's not really great. Yeah.
Group.
No, not that I wouldn't go there. The gulf side is nice but not the atlantic size, not break.
Yeah. I know people built up a myrtle beach out there in the Carolina really a whole lot and we eventually went out there doesn't see and it was the same thing that beach was so crowded. We couldn't do anything out there.
Yeah. Yeah. So what kind of things do you sell? He said you have like an online shop running?
Do you have like a storefront or you go through Ebay or something there?
That like a comic con in san Diego places like that or?
Yeah, there goes your profit margins.
Well that's cool. That's really cool. We've got a we've got a couple of really small ones here in town that you know we have the stuff to travel. Usually the places like Chicago or Cincinnati, some like that for a larger one. So Louisville Kentucky don't have a whole lot of big convention, so that's cool.
Uh or anything. It's all up north of this. Yeah.
I've been within the same 30 miles the whole life, so. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. So all my families around here too, so that makes it nice, you know, nobody really went too far. Yeah. Oh,
That's crazy. Do you have any pets or anything?
People,
I have one dog. We run here somewhere. It's a, I don't know what he is, but we found on down the road about six years ago, he's going, I was pretty old now, but I don't know how it is. Uh huh. Yeah.
Yeah. He looked like he had been walking for days, Like his paws were all this stuff and he was on the asphalt road. So he he didn't have a call or anything. So we just took him in
he's,
yeah before we had him we had a um was it called not the west style interior of the carriage to carry interior which is what like Toto was from whether it was we had one of those and that was about I think 5 50 for for that dog back in. So yeah that pure bred dogs are expensive.
So
I probably should have asked this first. But what's your name? Yeah.
Good question.
mm. Uh huh. So two strangers meet takes at least 25 minutes even introduce yourself. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah I'm not sure what they're going to do with anything. You know like what the follow up is for this or anything and I didn't see anything about what they would be but wow.
yeah we'll meet ourselves in a form eventually. Everything.
Yeah. I've never seen it. Yeah. My dear.
I wanted like a hole through application because it's not I mean it's not like he or anything, I'm kind of impressed by the quality of this really.
Yeah. Nowadays I would have expected it to be zoom or something
talking
about that.
So yeah. Well you think you're supposed to just end on us, are they going to give us any kind of flags or anything or did
you
see
anything?
Oh I don't see anything like that.
I'm looking I don't I just I have the okay there it is. I see it now to
the bottom
of the page.
That's
her. It looks like we'll be coming up on 25 minutes here in about 60
seconds so.
Well you've
been
here on
the island so.
they're gonna be like don't talk about that, just keep talking, don't worry about what her, don't
worry
about it.
Since december. Yeah. Have you been doing it longer?
Go
home.
Well you'll burn some crazy opportunities with this. I mean I've made well over, I want to say probably 4 50 by now. Yeah. As long as you, you know, check it through the main part of the day. Uh Things like this, I mean this is pretty this is a pretty big payout for one honestly. But um
What?
Yeah. Yeah. But no. Yeah we're remodeling a house
and uh a lot of the stuff we put in there has been money from the surveys so it's just kind of crazy. Yeah. This is pretty nice. All
different
people.
Career,
That's
the
one
the beer money is when I found it on.
yeah. Paid viewpoint to google um survey
junkies. Okay one. But there's a lot of like low fruit, you know what I mean? Like there's a lot of 20 minutes for a dollar, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, there's a lot of that the way through. But when the big ones do come there like you know, they're pretty big. I've had a $50 payout for them before and yeah, but you just gotta wade through so much, forget to it. It's hard to find.
Third the in turk.
Yeah. I haven't tried that yet, I think. Is that a is that a review site or is it more like uh I don't know, maybe
I know a lot of people use that swag butts, but I don't like
it.
warrant.
Right. Right. That's the way that the survey junkie is, too. And there's like so many screened out before you get one that actually works, so. Yeah.
Mhm. All right. Well, I'll let you go and you enjoy your day.
Must
be here.
Yeah. Well, you have a good one.