Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Hello?
Okay. Those words don't get someone here who was like, 33 minutes left. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I think they're all through prolific. I hope
maybe I don't, I don't know. I've only been on the prolific for like a week.
Yeah, It has, this is the
first
person I've seen like this where it's like a video with somebody. I was like, okay, that sounds sounds cool.
So what would you like to talk about? They said that they would give us questions or we can do a conversation, but they didn't give us questions. So
I think that we were tricked.
I work from home. I have my own business. I like sell online, so it's nice. And yeah, I basically try to do like little side gigs like this just for money, which is nice to What about you?
Yeah, that seems to be what's pretty common. And I actually found mine. I found the site on like like read it I think is where I got it from. And I was like okay, it sounds pretty interesting.
Yeah. The source for all information on the internet. So where your us I'm assuming.
California.
Um very bright and hot. We're getting into like our 90 something degree temperature and I mean it's going to probably hit 100 soon unfortunately.
Yeah, I don't like summer. Mm Let's see. So how are you handling the whole, you know, apocalypse right now?
That's how I feel too. Because like I work from home and I'm you know, mostly home and everything. So it's kind of like I don't know, you know like everybody's panicking. It's like I'm used to being home because like my hobbies are either just being home like on my computer or like working from home. So But yeah, the food shortage was like an annoying thing they're going to the store. It's like you couldn't find anything. Our stores are like it's very good.
Our stores are like finally starting to actually like get things stocked. It's weird like actually seeing a full store now because I got so used to being like nothing.
Do you have like your your shelter in place? Like is it still going on or?
Okay ours is they just extended to the 31st? So Yeah but businesses I guess can open starting monday so I don't know how that works like you want us to stay home but you don't I don't get what they're doing. I don't know.
Yeah it's like I don't what do you want from us? It's like you're like tempting everybody. It's like oh we're just trying to get people tricks so we can find them for more money. So
I
feel like it's going on right now.
I do. It's really expensive. That's the only problem. You know all the taxes and I mean like housing costs and everything. Like I'm looking to move to an apartment right now and for basically one bedroom apartments in like a pretty decent area is like anywhere from 1000 to 1200 just for one bedroom. So yeah
the cost is expensive, but I've been in California um my whole life so I really like it though. I think it's good. It's kind of nice because like as far as traveling goes, you have everything within like driving distance essentially. So you have like the mountains, you have the beach, you have you know the whole coastline, You have all the amusement parks. I mean that's kind of how I had to like remind myself like well at least I don't have to go pay for flights somewhere else because like everybody wants to come to California, it's all here.
Yeah, basically everybody here gets like either valley fever hay fever eventually just because it's just so bad. Um I get seasonal allergies really bad and I actually have to get like an inhaler like just for for that time. So
unfortunately that's something that's kind of pretty common. You just kinda have to get used to it here.
I
mean
the honesty.
then do you want to deal with all the snow like that? Like the really, really cold winters?
depends like what climate do you want to deal with?
See? I think that
if I were to move I'd probably go to like Organ or something because I don't know, it just seems like where everybody, everybody from California that wants to move because it's too expensive. They either go to like Ohio texas or Organ. So
very.
Yeah, I think it's just because it's so cheap. I don't, I don't know.
Well I had a friend moved from florida to hire recently
and like because florida is expensive too and obviously like a, I would think a pretty shitty place to live. But yeah, the housing there is insane. They have like a he's with roommates and they have a two bedroom apartment and it's like $600 for the whole apartment and it's like big, it's like I can't even get a studio here on the bad side of town for $600.
So I can see why. I mean it's just like there's so many jobs out there I guess because nobody wants to be in Ohio, I mean I wouldn't really want to be in Ohio
Uh
Yeah I mean it's a good place I guess like save maybe and like I don't know not not be there permanently as long as the weather doesn't take you out first. But
aside from that, I don't know.
Oh my gosh. Yeah. Yeah
I couldn't imagine being somewhere like that because here we have like at least mountains and foothills and everything. So it's like you know there's a lot of differences in the in the land and everything. Once you go that way everything just like flat. It's like I don't know I don't think I could do it just like driving forever and it's just like flat, there's like nothing at least here you either get closer to mountains are farther away. So.
Yeah I guess.
I actually
haven't.
No
it's it's a probably about a two hour drive. It's honestly not that far. Um But no it's a it's a pretty pretty windy road to get up there. I don't know if I want to drive that but.
I know. Yeah I always get asked still. It's like it seems like it be stereotypical and people wouldn't but it's always like oh so are you near Hollywood? Like have you been to Hollywood and everybody's like so excited or like have you been to L. A. I'm like those places are trash you don't want to go to those places like that where you get shot. Those are not the good places in California. But that's like what everybody's like oh but the movie stars are there and you have L. A. Is like the big area. I'm like yeah you don't want to be around that area at night. You'll be second light. I mean L. A. Is like two over traffic just all the time and its smog and pollution. There's a lot of like really bad parts. So it's like everybody just assumes like O. L. A. That's where you want to be. It's like you don't want to be there.
That's true.
Okay. A little better plus murders.
See?
basically all I know is florida is the worst. Have you ever been to florida? I guess
you haven't
or you have?
Yeah. So I went there twice. Um Probably I wouldn't want to think
last year I believe it was and I went once like I don't know, probably like seven years ago or so and I didn't like it seven years ago. I went to Disney World and I was like okay um you know this is this is great. You know we have Disney world here, but then it's like the weather there is terrible. So I went back last year and it was like during the summer, which was a terrible idea and like, people just hate their life. They're like, even the employees at Disney World, because I was complaining about the heat. So I'm like, why? Like, why is it so human here and there? Like you just learn to live with it. You can tell they're like dead inside from it.
I've been there probably about, you know, maybe 10 times, so quite
Um, I don't think so. I'm a really big Disney fans. That might be why I'm a little bias, but um, no, because there's so much to do there. I mean like even if you go during different times of the year, you know, there's new decor, a new, you know, food to try, you know, little variance. It's like constantly changing I guess and it's so big, you can't do everything every trip anyway. So it's like, you know, maybe one year you do, you know, some areas of the park and the next, you have to do it. Um, you know, your next trip. So I don't think so, but I've never been to like, I went to Universal Studios studios when I was like four, so I don't remember it and then I haven't gone to like the, what do we have? Six flags or not? Very farm went to legal land. I don't remember it. So
basically the wizarding world.
um well we have, we have the two parts, like we have the Disney, like the magic kingdom and then the California adventure. Um, so, I mean, I think you need a minimum of like three days if you want to see. I mean a pretty you know good amount of everything and get on every ride. But I mean I'd recommend if you like come out that far, you know if you're flying in from the state probably like through the five days probably because you will
get burned out if you stay too long.
I mean you can only you know handle walking around with the screaming kids and then like um you know waiting in lines for for so long.
Um Let's see. Probably. I mean my brother lives in San Diego, so I'm trying to think of like how far it is from like san Diego out to like Anaheim. So yeah, I'd probably say if you go about an hour and a half or so. Um So it's about to drive from there, you can get to like san Diego and they have some pretty decent areas there. But I mean
if you drive anywhere eventually to the coast you'll hit a pretty decent beach in California. I don't think we have any that are like really bad or anything and at least what I've what I've been do, I don't know. There might be something out there that's bad.
ST
that's the one other place I've been was
in florida was Daytona beach went to the idea Daytona 500 down there one time and it's just the first time I went and I was like what is this like this is so terrible to look at, it's hot. I don't know I don't know how people do it.
Yeah I learned that the hard way.
Yeah that's the only like plus side they have is that they have the you know nice like tropical beaches and here you're in like freezing water. It's like yeah it's like 60 degrees and like super windy so that part's not not the greatest.
Uh Yeah basically I mean honestly anything anything I can like I could ship, I shipped like around around the world, I've shipped to Russia china japan a little bit of everywhere. But mostly I specialize in um like video games and like toys like kids toys. Um But I mean I've done everything from like lamps to small furniture, to appliances. I do a lot of clothes now so pretty much just it's about going to like yard sales, thrift stores, whatever and you know just finding something that you know you can make a profit on.
Yeah I sell on. No I don't have a storefront here. I just sell uh like Ebay a little bit of amazon like although there's a lot of other platforms like offer up macari um posh mark, all those ones you see on tv with the annoying ads. All those basically I saw that conventions to when we have like our local like comic conventions. So those are, those are my favorite part is that those are fun
on a very small scale basically we have like a couple within about two hours driving distance that happen um every couple of months I go sell at those no Comic con boosts are like $2000 just to have a booth there.
Yeah, it's like it's like my whole profit, it would be that. So no, I can't afford this.
Yeah, I really can't think of what Kentucky would really have their.
Were you born in Kentucky or did you move there or?
it easy.
and California's crazy because it's like a 50 50 shot. Like I've known people who they stay in town like their whole life or at least in California. And some people just like right after high school they just like bolted and went to like the east coast like I know I need to get out of here. It's either one of those states people like love to live in and they refuse to move or people just like they want to leave so there's there's no in between here. I don't know why.
I have one cat and one dog little boston terrier and a little she's like a Siamese little mix thing for the cat. What
about you?
I mean that's a pretty good way to do it. Just find a dog. Okay, my dog now.
It's a pretty good way to do it though. It's cheaper and then going to adopt them some of those places at least here, like if they find it a dog for the shelters, it's like a pure bred or something like like a pug I've seen they have it's like a $500 option fee. It's like
why like yourself to be saving the animals.
Yeah, I know. I want golden retrievers but it's like some of those can literally be three grand per and it's like they have a lot of health problems that's like a lot to gamble on. You know the health of a dog for $3000 plus any complications they might have. So like hesitant. Like I don't know.
So
I'm Alexis, what's your name?
Yeah. Okay, nice to meet you. It's probably basic. They're going to look at this uh survey. We're going to be like the outlier on like everything like what is going on with this conversation? Everybody else has like a nice normal conversation about work and these we can't even put their name on the survey because we don't have it.
I don't know. It might be at the end. They might like debrief us on, you know what the purposes for it. I mean, it just said it was like wanting to see how people communicate. I don't know. They're probably gonna take like cues, like body language, like, you know, topic, how long there was awkward silence between both people. Probably that kind of stuff. I would assume they'd measure.
Yeah, basically I was confused when I joined because like, what is this better? Better up conversation? I don't know what this is.
because I was confused because when I did the original survey, they're like, oh, well we'll find a platform, something like Skype or whatever. So I'm like, okay, maybe they won't like to know what I have, you know, to be able to use and then they didn't give me anything when the survey was done. So I was like how am I supposed to connect to the chat? Like how is this going to work? And then they sent me to this site and it's just like a blank screen. I'm just sitting here. I don't know.
Yeah, that is true. But still it's just kind of weird. Like I've never heard of it.
I know
everything
is new. Oh,
I
don't
know.
I I know it said that it had the timer on the page, but I clicked off to the next page. I don't have time for any more.
You don't have the time around yours.
Apparently
we're,
well it is until you click to the next one. It said don't click to the next page until you have the video open. So I opened the, you know, open the video. Like okay, I can move
to the next page because it set. The timer will be on the survey. It didn't say it only be on the first page of the survey. So I was like,
So
should we go like two minutes over? I don't trust like, so they're like emphasizing like it has to be 25 minutes. I
don't
trust
it.
but I think it's like talking 25. I don't think it's just being in the conversation maybe. I don't know my time is gone.
So that's
that's
that's the whole purpose. How long have you been with the prolific like doing surveys?
No, it's only been like maybe maybe two weeks or something. I don't know.
I have
like $9 in my account.
Yeah, that's the biggest I've seen so far.
All the ones I've done, I think the max was maybe like a dollar 50 or something. I kind of go by like when it shows like the like dollar amounts on like per hour, I try to keep it at something that's like at least seven per hour because some of them are like $4 an hour. It's like I'm not doing that,
so.
Are you
on the
uh the competition? Like the, what is it, the truck fish or something, whatever.
There's a couple like other Reddit ones I've seen like the our beer money and
a couple of
those
other ones.
Yeah, but I know there's a couple others besides prolific people talking about.
Search.
no, I'm not doing that,
Daniel amazon has one that's like the popular one. It's just the t I don't know what it's called.
Yes, that one.
I don't know. I just know that was like the main when people were mentioning this was like second up, so I don't know.
I
don't like that. I had 12 bucks before. It's just the thing I like about prolific is that we want to auto refreshes, which is nice but that you're like auto approved for the surveys as long as you follow directions.
Swag bucks, This one were like, you go through it and one that really long, like Arduous surveys. But it's like, you know, you get through five questions like, oh you don't qualify by. So it's like, that's why I hate the most about the survey. That's why I like the prolific because they don't they don't do that as long as you don't screw it up yourself.
Yeah. I think we're both on our time that I think we're good to leave.
Okay. You to a nice
conversation.
Hopefully we don't screw up the results too much. Uh huh.
Okay. You too. Bye.