Okay. Yeah okay I'm here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Welcome. Yeah. Oh yeah yeah mm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm mm. Okay. All right to start talking.
Dress.
Um So what's your name? Because I didn't say like who who is, who he is?
Hey Dave, I'm Daryn.
reports
to
just
talk or whatever. You're supposed to just talk like about whatever you want for 25 minutes with me. They get $15.
Uh That's not bad now. I mean I was able to go to the state parks today. They opened up so I was able to go for a nice walk to nine. Yeah
florida.
I saw
him
form
up.
that's true,
For you
you were forced to come home access.
You know I felt like that's like that for a lot of people. I mean I'm furloughed so yeah I work in the uh events industry so
and
yeah I mean weak. I think we might maybe start events maybe in july like concerts maybe like in small venues. But What bothers me is that today they release more numbers that the death toll now they're expecting by August is 134,000. So that's like double what it is right now,
you know?
And
yeah, it's not,
it's not. And and the thing is is that, you know, I'm sure you have this too. I mean, I have I
have friends are on both sides. I mean, I've republican friends, have democrat friends. I just have friends that just whatever. Um, but the thing is that gets me about this is that it's a virus. It's not going to just go away because it's now summer, it's there because there's nothing, it's not, it's not even seasonal yet because you're still having all these deaths every day. So, you know, until there's a vaccine or an effective treatment,
you know, it's gonna stay the same, but it doesn't spread as much in the summer because of the heat. Um, apparently that, that is true. Um, doesn't spread because it means not there. So once you get back in the fall, probably go back up again. So.
Well you've known like two weeks really because that's when you'll see there are a big increase in cases or it just kind of stays as it is. I mean when I was thinking yesterday, I think we can get by maybe like june through like september and then I think things are private to close back up again once again to fall. I hope not. I mean, hey, I mean, I'll say it right now. I'm telling you, I don't want any of that. I mean, and that's the thing that frustrates me is that, you know, people say, oh, you know, you want things people want things closed like no I can't imagine anyone out there really wants everything closed and well that doesn't make any sense to me at all to me that
Yeah. Well isn't in texas aren't your movie theater is now open?
Well you got you know some some people probably is I mean um but
yeah I saw it
yeah you can get that.
It looks good. You did a good job. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. That and also it's there there's so much unknown with it. You know that that's the thing also to look at is you're right you probably won't but you know if your body like everyone's body is different. I mean we have a bad reaction to it. You know that's that's what you have to say. That's what you have to look at. But
I mean but you're but you wanna know something you're right. I mean at the end of the day, I mean and I said this before like you know when you go to doctor's appointments, sometimes I'll tell you, oh this or that could happen. You could walk out the door, get in your car and get in a car too. Which you know, you can't live your life from fear. But I also feel that you know there are some things that if you don't know then or you're not you don't feel as comfortable with, you might not do that. So mm.
Oh well. Yeah. Yeah. You know, you don't have to take unnecessary risks, you know either um Mhm. Yeah.
Well, you know, it eventually gets to the point where you're like, hey, I got to do something. You know, you can't you can't just stay at home all day and Well, I guess you could, I mean I have for almost a month because there's, I mean there wasn't anything to do. I mean you couldn't really do anything and I mean I I check emails like every week for my boss about events and I mean, I've been thinking like, okay, how can we do concerts? How can we do sporting events? And you know what I've come up with is baby skipping Rose and you know, stadiums, you know.
Korea, Korea, South Korea is it's going to be on ESPN I think tonight like really late. Yeah, they're doing games, like the players are wearing masks, the umpires wearing mask, it's
like
yeah, they are. Well, I mean, you look at it, I mean most other countries I think have been, I think ours has not and you know, I think we could have done a lot more things. We had a lot more time and we kind of didn't do um
Alpha.
Mm. Yeah. I mean that's that's the thing that I look at two. It's like how do these other countries not have what we have right now here? How do we have over a million places Close to 70,000 people dead? Yeah. Like, you know, South Korea Has like what, like maybe 1000 or whatever or Japan's really low as well. Either they're just kind of everyone that dies here or there. I don't know, I, you know, something doesn't add up at the same time. I mean, you see the bodies, you know in like these refrigerator trucks and whatnot and you know, they're they're dead people and it's not like
Right. That could be and you know, maybe we're not taking as many precautions here. Um
Yeah, we don't we don't do enough. I mean our our governor here is already claim victory. He's basically like, oh, it's everything's fine, everything's good.
I mean he's just got walking really so far. I mean, I still think in the fall and winter based on what I've seen from, you know, granted, you know, people say all these doctors don't know anything. The scientists don't know anything. But I've listened to enough of them. Like when I say enough released 30-40 different ones all seem today it's going to come back in the fall and winter. And it could be worse than what we went through now because this one hit really? I think it really picked up towards february kind of tailing off at the end of the winter, that's when it started here. Um So when you have a it's here now you have a full year of it. That's Yeah and then you see a country like Sweden and they are not doing anything, they're trying to just you know blow through it and you know and get herd immunity from it, but I think they've had like a couple 1000 people to hide from it like because they're not doing anything so.
that and also a lot of those companies are reducing hours or like reducing hours for their staff and and they're not open like you know mostly stars aren't open Like 7 to midnight like even you know walmart and target grocery stores, they're you know they're more limited hours so they're not gonna get much staff. Um I mean I do a friend who did get a job at a grocery store but can't live off of that like grocery store, I can't live off of that away.
and uh.
Yeah that's that's uh that's not a bad way to look at things, I mean that's kind of how I look at it a little bit, you just gotta let it roll hope for the best and yeah but I would like to go back to work and that's the other thing like our employment system is all screwed up here and like really really screwed up and one of our senators said well you know um you know people are just gonna live off unemployment and don't want to work you know if you pay and I'm like people can't work. There is a difference sarah matter that people don't want to work that people can't
And this is the same senator when he was our governor here Who spends $77 million dollars on unemployment website crashes all day and was only supposed to handle like 2000 a day or whatever I, you know and to make those kinds of like come on man, people don't want, people just want unemployment. You don't want to work. I just God how can you make a comment like that as an elected official? It's just amazing. But anyways that's I'm curious when Disney's could open up. I've heard that they might open up. Ah
that's
I
didn't,
I can tell you that like for the news you could space people out, you can limit the amount of people going into the park you could for the ride you can do like every other row kind of like in the movie theaters.
Well, yeah, you're right. I mean that's the thing like, and you look at that and that's an added cost. You know, you're talking wiping down, you know, rail seats, handrails, you know, all that doesn't matter.
Well, and and also the other thing with Disney world is that um you know, they get a lot of travelers from out of the country and with the restrictions in place, they're not gonna come anymore. So you've lost, you're probably going to lose that group for a while. They're not gonna fly here. They're not gonna be able to um So you might have local residents and you know, there is an annual pass. Maybe people would go, but the cost I think to open up and this environment is going to be so much. I mean like I said, and you said it, you know, to, to clean and all that. This doesn't add a cost that they're going to have to do. It's not just Disney, you know, even in texas, I'm sure at restaurants I know they can open up, but for a business owner they could have wanted to invest in all this cleaning stuff. Open up their restaurant, which might not hardly get anybody. Yeah.
I mean,
isn't
it
like, I don't know. I can't get, I can't get my pancakes. Mm hmm.
Now,
well, the ones that are out protesting are most likely political affiliated with some group. Um, I mean, I don't think that those people you see with like guns showing up at state capitals and
quite,
yeah. Well that, and then I'm thinking to myself, okay, so you're, you're going there with guns? You do you not understand that the gun isn't going to kill the virus, it's still gonna be there. It's not going
to know.
Yeah, I mean that's so stupid, but people do a lot of dumb things. Like, um, I think I heard today, one of my friends was telling me that, I think it was in michigan actually the dollar general, like there was an officer there and he told someone to wear a mask. Like I shot him because you tell him to put on a mask
like
And
father. Yeah.
Well and you know, why would you, why would you do that?
Walk
away from the guy and not, you know, that's hey ridiculous how people are acting with that. It's like, come on man, you know, they're trying, you know,
officers trying
his best
to
doing.
Yeah. Because you guys have open carry laws there. Anyone could just um, you know, show up and walk around
the rifle.
Uh Not really. I mean you can you can you can get what weapons, but I don't think you can just walk around with it too like our state capital and start shooting, you know start shooting up the place or you know, pointing at somebody like that's not a surprise in michigan. I was like why would you let them in with guns in there?
It's bizarre. It's like come on, you can't be doing that stuff. Yeah.
Probably that you think
you get away with
anything but you really can't.
is crazy start. But
no, no because I work I work for a venue so and I mean someone had asked me that like they're like, well can you just have a concert? No fans. I'm like how would they do it in the venue for you guys to do it at home? They don't need to do it here.
No, there really isn't with my understanding is just you can go watch them on like you knew or whatever. Yes. I mean don't, I guess that could be a business model eventually. Maybe if we don't have concerts or
were,
you
know,
yeah, like watch it on your apple tv or whatever. But
I'm not.
exactly. It's the same thing with sporting events. I mean, you think about it, you know, who wants to just, you know, yeah, you can watch a game with no fans. But there's something about having fans there and you know, I was supposed to nothing like no sound. It just doesn't
seen.
it's true.
Yeah, I can with the commercials and along and meetings can go like, I mean like in the World series like some of the Canyons go like 3.5 4 hours and I'm like that's way too long.
Green.
Well not when you're there but if you're watching TV like it's like I didn't game once like was like 7:45 in the playoffs and I'm still going like it almost at midnight. I'm like come on. That's way too long to watching tv.
What?
Valley College more because the NFL games can just get. So um you know with commercials you end up like not seeing much of anything because there's so many commercials now. It's like they play for like couple minutes and it's like, oh another commercial, another one just don't have as much. It's just, I don't really think there's a model for NFL, you know how they do it? I know I'm like hockey. Like NHL hockey, they don't okay, They do commercials like under 13 minutes. I think there's one after like six minutes so it goes as opposed to okay, we'll do 13 minutes in the game and the game just started, you know, come on. So.
Yeah, that is true. There's no little League world series this year either. That's been careful.
no.
I mean I like The Rays. I mean I used to go see them play, but I mean the nice thing about the rays was you could be a fan of any team, right? So if you're like a texas rangers fan or Astros fan would say you can go there and the stadium is always empty pretty more because now they really go see the release. They
would
Other
than
other than when they forgot the year. Well, it was recent when they were really, really good. Then everyone was a race fan. But after that nobody showed up. So um Yeah, I mean whatever team you like, like if the red sox were playing there, it's all red sox fans. It's
like
it's
a home game.
perhaps
Maryland.
Oh, I mean the dolphins do dolphins have, Yeah, there are a lot of dolphin fans. Um jaguars. Yeah, like sort of kind of, I mean if you're living in Jacksonville, uh the buccaneer is probably gonna have a lot because brady's on their team now. So in Bronx there. So I'm sure everyone in uh you know in florida is going to be like a box fan now because they're both, you know, both of them are there. So um Yeah,
it's.
school. I mean it's the buccaneers. I know there's been projections already. All they'll be in their own Super bowl Next year, in 2021 was like, well, we'll
see about that.
Gabi
las Vegas.
Just
look around
our
They could.
You're not you're not you know, you're not thinking wrong. I mean, um I mean, I know the nights were in for hockey after they had the shooting in las Vegas. They were in the state.
should have wanted. I thought, well, now it's kind of It is what it is. Um, the seer. So it looks like
33.
No, I don't think this ends on. Unless we go to the next page. I'm just, What time would you log on? Do you remember?
Yeah. That's what I was looking at. Because my time
was
And my
time
for
30
years, My conscious. 33 minutes. Almost. 34 minutes right now.
Yeah. We should probably continue on to the next part. Make sure you don't, you didn't close out of that window. That
told
Yeah. But yeah, I think we're I think at this
point
work.
Yeah. So you had closed the one that we're I believe they were talking in. I
wanted
to make sure do not move onto next page two. You have opened the conversation Newtown, not be able to go back. Okay. Once you open the chat window at the time were appear you can keep the timer active, which we did. Um We are pleased to want. Okay, well, it looks like if you want, it looks like we probably could close out of the chat window. I would think it at this point because we get to 25 minutes because there's no other things it out of this thing. I don't see like, like off button anywhere, so yeah.
All
talking to you. Hope you can get back to Japan's somehow