No. And then
what?
I'm dave, what's your name?
Darren. Okay. Um He's so are we like random or are you have
you done
this
before?
How was your week? Yeah. How's your week going?
What state are you in?
I'm in texas like we reopened but I haven't really been out.
I
yeah, I I was actually um in a foreign country. I was in Japan.
You know, they got sent
home. They're like go return to your home country coronavirus. So I've just been here and you know, out of my
job teaching english and I'm just like, all right, I guess I'm stuck here now. I'm
gonna find.
Yeah. So I had to go back to the States. So I mean it's fine. Like it's not the end of the world, but like this past month has just been like, well I got to find something to do, you know, to keep myself busy because I suddenly don't have you know, a job.
Yeah. I presume
that's not really working right now.
Yeah, this thing is really going to drag on, like
I think there's a
lot of people are very optimistic that it's going away, but like
well this is going to drag on.
go on.
Bye.
I mean it's just it's I don't know how long everything the shutdowns are gonna last because I presume they're going to reopen like half the States are already reopening, they're just jumping the gun on it, like well we'll see how it goes.
Yeah, it's one of those I really don't want to be cooped up um and I really don't want to not be able to go you know work or be productive, but at the same time I recognize that you might it might just be the case that it might just be a disaster if we keep everything constantly open. Like if we operate the way we were, a lot of people are going to get it, especially in my part of town. They're all, you know, people are already out and about like celebrating the end of the lockdown. Like, okay,
like everything is open. Like I have family members who are like on facebook celebrating. Oh my God, I finally got a haircut and I'm like, day one of the reopened from the quarantine. You all went out and got haircuts? Like, was that really the high priority right now?
I
just cut my own hair. I get myself a haircut today. It's really easy. Just
heard.
Thank you. Yeah. I mean Save me $20 and save me from possibly getting coronavirus, which you know, it doesn't sound like a good time. It's like, I'm not afraid I'm going to die if I get it. I'm just like, do I want a terrible flu for two weeks now?
Art.
And I think you're absolutely right. It's like everything's a risk, but like that's no excuse to just walk through traffic, you know?
I would like once again back to the idea of people on facebook and family members on facebook. I got some older family members who are like, you know, I've got diabetes and heart disease and you know, lung trouble and I'd say I probably got 50 50 odds if I get the disease. That's fine with me. Open it up like, wow, you um you're really blase about this or more blase that I think you'd be about those. Mhm. Uh
Back when I was in Japan, they were doing baseball with um no fans. they were just televising empty games. He was doing that.
Players
morning mass. I I I went I was in Korea this like february or january or something and they were really ahead of everyone. Like it was kind of a blip on the radar in the states and everywhere else. But like I was getting my temperature scan as I went into museums and city squares and stuff. I was like Korea is really on top of this.
I'm
kind of an ace didn't spread around Japan more than it did because I was there and I was taking the central subway lines every day and I was just like everyone should have this disease by now, it was so crowded and it was it was very minimal spread. I was amazed by that.
I like there's some sort of profound stubbornness with the average american, like there's some elements if I don't want to wear a mask, I don't want to be on lockdown, give me my freedom. Like I kind of feel it like you see it around, you're like ok I get it and maybe it's just my family and my little environs, but I think that is contributing to it. Okay
are also not testing really, we don't have that in place
when they were. Yeah.
Really not a great answer is not really just the solution to this. Uh I just I don't know when life is going to resume as normal because I'm like, you know, I could go back to university in the fall but I I don't I don't know if that's gonna be open so what am I what am I going to do with myself, tremendous amount of uncertainty going around because it's not like, also I can just go apply for a regular job, those are mostly closed. I can work at a grocery store or amazon, which does not sound like the best idea at the present time. Uh
It's a very unfortunate just period of time in general. Uh Yeah, there's no real solution in sight for any of the issues, I'm just kind of, I'm just kind of rolling with it, it's gonna be fine somehow,
it's gonna work out, I don't know exactly, but it's gonna be fine.
correct, forcibly shut down businesses and then complain about the unemployed. Mhm.
I heard I didn't look into this because it's really not that deep to me, but like Disneyland is going to reopen with social distancing policies like that is impossible.
How on earth would you do that? Hey, how would you run an amusement park with social distancing? It doesn't
even make
sense.
You have to like wipe it down. No.
You also have to admit fewer people to, So the cost would have to be adjusted. Like is this the world's going to be like $1,000 ticket a day? I mean, I don't think it's going to have them.
Oh, so many of these restaurants are open like opened up day one. Like what was I Hop made a big point. I hops are open across the state of texas. Come into your local diner today who, who is aching to go to Ihop right now. It's like, that's the one
thing they've
been denied
over the past two months.
I don't get my breakfast special at an I HOP, I'm going to lose my mind that in a haircut. Those are the important things in life because I feel like seldom times I find that I don't like the people going out and protesting and complaining, making big scene tend to not be for grounding like important issues like unemployment or you know, I need
basic wages. It can't always be the most petty stuff that they bring up.
it's
threatening of michigan governor
maybe
if your aim is precise enough.
there
was a less extreme version of that in texas where the park's reopened in a park ranger
told
but you know, assaulting a park ranger is, that's a felony. That's a state jail felony in texas. Don't do that.
I don't know like
that.
Frankly,
I'm surprised
there wasn't a firearm
brandish
in that.
Does
florida not.
I don't understand that either. Like on the steps of the capitol is already a little bit much but brandishing a weapon outside of the governor's office, inside of the capitol building, I don't understand how that's possibly allowed but uh huh
I remember one time in Georgia there was like an inside Hartsfield Jackson airport gun open carry protest. Why why would you, why would you ever need that to carry your A. R. 15 into the non secured zone of an international airport? What on earth are you trying to accomplish through that um protest?
It's
the
it's an extremely specific usage case. Uh
mm So have you been doing any of those like virtual concert planning things?
yeah it's unfortunate keep getting these likes, they almost seem like spam, I get so many of them like come to the virtual concert, you pay for those. I don't understand what the business model is here
Pay
per
view
concerts
there's
definitely some sort of personal element to the concert, physically being in the location.
I
I I love baseball, I played baseball for years. It's a great sport. I love watching games sometimes. I just cannot stand to actually watch a baseball game on television. If I'm there in the stands, it's amazing. It's a great experience.
Watching a baseball game on television can be draining sometimes.
It
says bad when you're they're really not.
For me, the worst is
football though. Both going to football games like professional, I've only been to one professional football game in my life, but like watching NFL football on television and watching it in real life, it's so spaced out. There's something like there's only 10-11 minutes of actual action in a football game over the course of four hours. I love it. But I prefer college football reeling.
Yeah. Baseball is almost a game tailor made for television. Really. It has perfect time breaks in it. But it drags on too long. If you're not actually. Their baseball game is a slow leisurely. You can tell the old style influence of wasting evening watching a baseball game. I don't know. It's both perfect and awful for television.
I never I never really liked the little League World series. I don't know. Maybe that's just me. I found I am. What what what baseball team are you for if you have a
baseball team in florida.
Nobody's
nobody's a raise fan. Nobody just itching
to
raise.
No,
it's
not.
It's my impression that just the curse of flirty in sports teams. Most of them like the rays and the marlins and the
dolphins,
I presume none of them have. And and the Jacksonville jaguars. I imagine none of them really have big fan bases.
Back to like the 2001
Glory Days. Yeah.
Thank you.
The first, the first post Covid Super Bowl is going to be an exact rematch of the 2001 Super Bowl with the Oakland Raiders on the way. That can't happen
anymore.
Las Vegas Raiders and the Tampa bay buccaneers.
And
it's just
gonna be a trip of an experience. That that's my that's my dad right now.
Better go place that.
Oh, that was an impressive season. That's impressive. For a season. They had always Stanley Cup. Yeah.
Does
this end?
I don't know. It's a little bit after 5:15. So it's probably been 25 minutes now.
Doesn't
say
I
don't have a
time
or even.
Okay. So we should log off them.
I
didn't
Is
this
do I close this tab
then we
hit continue.
Well, all right, good
talking to you. Bye.