SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hi there.
SPEAKER_R: How you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Good how are you?
SPEAKER_R: All right. It looks like it's just a 8:00. Perfect. Good
SPEAKER_L: All right. Mhm. How what's your name?
SPEAKER_R: Darren.
SPEAKER_L: Darren. My name is Alan
SPEAKER_R: Hey where are you calling from or logging from today?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from California. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Okay. So it's still like what six am out there? Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Uh Where are you calling from
SPEAKER_R: florida.
SPEAKER_L: florida? Okay. Um
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's still six AM here. I had to get up a little early but it's fine.
SPEAKER_R: Well we get up early for today. Anything any plans or? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: here
SPEAKER_L: it's a day off for me from work so I'm hoping later to get some stuff done around the house and then just sort of make the most of my day off.
SPEAKER_R: from that. I can understand that. I'm kind of straight away. Today is my day off. So um I kind of got up early but not not six
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: a.m. Well, you know uh good for you. That's good. I mean I always like to make the most of the day so uh that's pretty good. What what what city in California
SPEAKER_L: Um you may not be super familiar with it. It's a city called Sherlock. It's 20 minutes away from Modesto. Do you
SPEAKER_R: program?
SPEAKER_L: know where Modesto? Yeah
SPEAKER_R: All right. Well, I know where that is. You're you're in a you're near like friends now.
SPEAKER_L: Kind of yeah
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: about like like
SPEAKER_R: 19
SPEAKER_L: two hours.
SPEAKER_R: million up 99. Yeah. I've been I've been on that area before a couple times. I'm familiar with that without part of California.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Uh Where from florida are you calling from?
SPEAKER_R: Pensacola.
SPEAKER_L: Where's that at?
SPEAKER_R: Uh It's uh it's in the panhandle if you if you picture florida were fight or um almost we call, we actually call this area L. A. Um Because we it's premature or Alabama. Um It's not like the florida that you I mean you have beaches of course and things like that but like I I used to live near Orlando which of course is I'm peninsula and that that was flower like um pretty much like in florida. Like there is a saying around here the further south in florida you go the more north it becomes. Did you have a lot of people from like new york Connecticut that come down once you get further north in florida, the more southern it becomes. So you can this part of the painting paint and it was pretty much like Alabama
SPEAKER_L: no I say so
SPEAKER_R: stamp.
SPEAKER_L: there's more activity the further south you go
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah and a lot of lot more northerner snowbirds. Um Like if you if you came to this part of the state um you pretty much would thank you in Alabama pretty much. It's there's not much of a difference. I literally live like seven miles um away from Alabama as it is. So um it seems it seems very much like it, I'm not near the tropical storm or hurricane um that further down. But we we do get like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: those type of things up here too.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I see. okay.
SPEAKER_R: We have earthquakes.
SPEAKER_L: We have earthquakes. Yeah we had every time we have an earthquake here it's always we always feel like it's just like something else. It's the most of the earthquakes happen near L. A. R. R. L. A. Um And by the time it travels up the san Andreas fault and reaches where we are we we don't get it as we don't feel it as much as they probably would have felt it in La but we do still feel it. Um I haven't experienced many major earthquakes actually considering that
SPEAKER_R: Go.
SPEAKER_L: I live in California but yeah which I'm I'm happy about. Um I think the most significant when I remember was when I was What 14 years old and I was just sitting in my room like I am now and my whole room started shaking And I was shaking for a good 3-4 minutes. Then I went outside like when it stopped, I went outside to like ask my family members if they felt it and like none of them felt it and I was like really well none of you felt that just somehow that went through my room and no one else in the Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wow. Yeah because I always hear a lot about earthquakes out there, like the news I do but you know how that could go. But I've lived through I would say like maybe five or six hurricanes. I looked through, I mean and I looked through some really bad ones. I lived three ones that were just like it wasn't that bad but um that's an experience.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. I mean I've always thought like, well, I mean yeah, we have earthquakes, but I think I'd rather sit through an earthquake than a tornado or things are other natural disaster like that. Those seem much scarier then tornadoes
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: and hurricanes seem much scarier to me than than an earthquake.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I've lived through tornado to um rapper I think a tornado is, there's a lot work to live through than even a hurricane depending on where you are in the hurricane. But like in a hurricane, like you get winds and you can see it coming. For the most part. You can
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: see when it's kind of a tornado, especially at night, like you can't even see them at all. Um And you're you just hear the noise, you're like oh crap I need to go like hide somewhere like a closet or whatever because in florida we don't even have basements. So Brain which are going to um your closet for shelter,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Let's see. That is what terrify me, trying to figure out what to do in a situation like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I've heard for earthquake. So if you get if it's like a really bad one, I don't know if it's
SPEAKER_L: One
SPEAKER_R: true or a myth, but I've
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: heard that you're supposed to go out to the street, like get out of your building is running in the street and
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: never, never heard that advice. The advice we we were always given because we would always do earthquake earthquake drills in school is we would have to get under a desk or get under something that wouldn't collapse under you. Uh If something like if you like an air conditioning conditioner fell on it for example they just get under your desk and just you know hold on and and you know or the advice that my parents would give me because they lived in, they live in, they used to live in Mexico where earthquakes happened all the time with greater frequency um Is that you should stand under like the frame of the door. So I don't know if you can see there's a door behind me but I'm support apparently standing under the frame of the door is also a good place to stand. Um barring not having any tables or things like that.
SPEAKER_R: You could almost get like out of support
SPEAKER_L: happened. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: they stand in the doorway because of the frame. That makes sense. I can see that. I yeah, I just heard that from somewhere like, oh, you know, go I guess
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: fear
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: would be like if I'm in a bill in the building would collapse on me. But then again, if I'm out on the street, you know, it's you know, what could happen on the road? Either or
SPEAKER_L: Well I mean you would have power lines to, those could all
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: end
SPEAKER_R: right. Yeah, that's that's true.
SPEAKER_L: our trees, you know something. So I feel like no place is safe, quote unquote when there's an earthquake or leased a major one and I think the best is to just probably get under something and pray that whatever you're under doesn't um you know, break and
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: that. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: and accept.
SPEAKER_L: mm um but yeah that's that's what we that's the advice were given.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean that that makes sense. I mean, I definitely wouldn't want to be like, like on the second or third floor of a building, definitely probably won't be on the ground level because a link if you're on the ground, like you say, you can protect yourself. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: Um Have you been traveling lately at all? Have you been able to go anywhere?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Well I mean has anyone lately with everything going on
SPEAKER_R: Well, Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: um The
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: only significant bit of travel I did was back in june when it seemed like things were getting better. I traveled up to Washington to visit my girlfriend uh and you know stay with her family for a week. Um That was a nice little escape from everything that was going on. Um thankfully I didn't come back with anything. Um I was safe. Um And it was a nice little respite from my day to day. Um But other than that no I haven't really traveled anywhere. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: can't either. It's just florida
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: is really messed up. I'll say that even though I live here it's messed up.
SPEAKER_L: Uh In what way?
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: we have our governor is it's just terrible. I mean he's just,
SPEAKER_L: The sense
SPEAKER_R: he's just clueless. I mean and and he drives
SPEAKER_L: draft.
SPEAKER_R: me crazy. I mean we had the unemployment issue here system didn't work for people. Like
SPEAKER_L: Bye.
SPEAKER_R: he what's really frustrated
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: me was when he was like going around like, oh we did it here in florida, we were in like italy we were in like new york and Now we have over 7000 people died from this thing and he was just boasting about it so much. And he didn't do anything really other than he put people, he tried to separate like people covid and nursing homes, which was good. I mean I'll give him credit for that, but
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: then once we start to get the Spyker
SPEAKER_L: like.
SPEAKER_R: cases, he's done nothing. He hasn't done anything other than come out every day and say oh we're doing well, we're doing well, we have 9000 cases like every single day. The positivity rate has not gone down at all for like over a month now. Um we're still in phase two, he's closed the bars. Uh why? He just he doesn't recognize that there's a problem. And I always feel like if you can't recognize there's a problem, you're never gonna get to a solution I'll give and you know, and I could be wrong. I mean I only see, you know when I see the press conferences. What not? It appears the California, like at least your government a little more aware of what's going on then, what ours is like ours just is oblivious to things that's going on here.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah I mean in California we were doing we mean we were a success story at first we had our governor had acted quickly, he took things seriously, he shut everything down at the appropriate times even though people may be just hated him for it and wanted to recall him because um but he made, I mean, he made the right decisions early on and California's rate went down and stayed down and we were among like the best states that had this under control. Unfortunately, what had happened is that are a lot of counties, including my own would write letters to him saying, well, let us reopen, let us, our economies depend on it. Uh, we could be safe if you just let us reopen the government shouldn't be intervening and things like that. Um, and uh, I feel like the governor kind of caved to those demands. I saw that the numbers were down, saw that everything was fine in California and took that as his rationale for allowing counties to open up at their discretion. And unfortunately, the, the effect of that was that now we have High infection rates are infection rate is, is sort of similar to that of floor is where we haven't had to go down for a while now. I think I'm not 100% don't quote me on this or anything, but I think maybe yesterday was the first time we might have had a day without new infections, but we still have people dying every day. My my county is a bit more conservative and so they also weren't taking this maybe as seriously as they should have been. Um and we're coming up with all different types of excuses for not to institute mask orders or stay at home orders and we're kind of paying the price for it now I
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: think where one of the few counties that have a high infection. Right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's our problem here too. It's just and what frustrates me a lot is that we're not making progress like, you know, that that's what, that's what frustrates me. You can, you know, someone can make all the excuses they want say, oh, it's only doing this to people Mass isn't going to make a difference, this isn't going to make a difference, that's not gonna make a difference. But if you don't do anything, you're not improving your situation. And I I challenge people every day that I talked to is that they're like, oh, you know, we're trying to do something to election. we're trying to ruin the economy. This group is trying to do this. This group is trying to do that. I said to take five minutes out of your day and read the world news, find out what's going on in other countries. Because that's, that's the thing when you see other countries are dealing with this, I'm sorry, India Australia, Iraq Israel, they don't care what happens in this country. Well, do you think that they care that our
SPEAKER_L: Come on.
SPEAKER_R: communities are spiking? I mean their cases are spiking there. It has nothing, there's nothing in this country that's nobody was behind spiking it, It is what it is. If you don't control
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: it is gonna spread, it's just that simple. It's not a matter of this group is trying to control this. Oh, november 3rd will get better if you go back to like april and March. Um
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: There are people in the administration, the current presidential administrations paying what you think of it were saying by like july the economy was going to be going great, well our GDP was like negative 30
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: something, that's not, that's not great. And you know, again, I personally think this and I've said this to my friend because I have friends who are republicans have friends, are democrats.
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: The president of this, United States will come out and say, ok, here's my plan, This is what I'm going to do and here's how we're going to do it with testing and everything. I said to my republican friends, you get reelected and they're like, oh no, no, you know like, you know, democrats this or that said no, no. If he actually had a plan and did improve the economy and things open up now, whether you like the guy or not, I think enough people would vote for him and he would get reelected. He's hurt himself so bad with his lack of interest in this and and just calories this of it. Like this morning he was tweeting like a friend sent me a tweet that he had, he loves, you know, as you know, he loves to tweet, he was like, oh the rest of the world is doing a horrible job. That's why I'm like, well did you look at your own country and how you're doing? You have the most deaths in the world, the most places in the world here. And you're saying that Australia with 300 cases is doing worse than you makes no sense?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I wouldn't say South Korea is doing worse than we are
SPEAKER_R: No, there's I mean the only countries that brazil is not doing that great, Russia is not doing that great. But you know, even still, I mean you don't want to be lumped in those countries. I mean far as how well you're doing that just is not very good if when we're supposedly have the best health care system in the world and no, because I said, I I personally think he's I think the president has schizophrenia, I do, I think he doesn't know like who he is. Like, like one day he'll say where masses patriotic. Then just like two days ago he was here in florida, he didn't wear a mask on the tarmac and I'm like, dude, you're in the epicenter of it and you're not wearing a mask, one of your supporter to hide probably because of your rally. So you say one day wear a mask and the next day you're like, don't wear a mask. That one day you say testing is great. We tested 50 million people. Then you're like well we have we're testing so much. You find more case as well. Yeah, you
SPEAKER_L: Here.
SPEAKER_R: find them because you're more infection and more people are dying from it. Not because you're doing all the testing. If you do a lot of testing and you don't find positivity that means that you're doing well. He keeps tweeting that every day and says it and it just amazes me how I mean if I was in this party I'd be like dude you have no idea what you're talking about. You need to resign because you're not doing anything
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Uh it's this administration has done an awful job of this um it has been a huge botched operation since day one. the looks like you said if okay maybe he didn't foresee that this would happen, I mean nobody did, but if he had responded appropriately, if he had instituted and didn't done things that maybe would not have been popular but would have been good for everyone, like staying at home, like wearing masks because that's what a leader has to do right, they sometimes have to make decisions that aren't popular but that are good for people. Um And and or even now with the recovery and trying to get people assistance and aid for being laid off from work or being on unemployment or any or rent phrase or mortgage freezes or things like that. That, I mean to be quite honest, the democrats handed him a gift. He could have taken credit for that. He could have done all of that stuff. He could have been known for that and like you said, he would have been probably reelected or at least he have a better shot at the election because he could have been known as the president who gay people assistance helped people through this crisis and would have been remembered fondly for it. But
SPEAKER_R: Find.
SPEAKER_L: he completely, I mean again the democrats handed him a gift. It was literally just take it and and and be known as the guy who helped everyone. But this administration has a weird propensity for being cruel and not caring about his situation or denying reality. And so now it's I honestly don't see him winning in november.
SPEAKER_R: No I don't either. I'm right there with you. And um it his messaging and that's and that's the thing his messaging he sends out because I talked to friends and family every day. They don't know what to believe. I mean if if the President of the United States comes out and and says one day, okay, we're a mass because patriotic then the next day doesn't, what do you people that believe him? They think that he's you know, just like I think the worst thing that he did and I would be furious at him if I was in his party, he has a task force of, you know is the doctors, is the vice president on it. And then some woman. So I take hydroxychloroquine who's like some demon. Um and this is the thing that frustrates me and probably would to you as well. Okay. So you're doing your job at work right? Your boss says you go do this and you because you have the experience and then your boss is like, oh this person who has no clue what they're doing, just telling me this, you're wrong. I'd be like, you just you just threw him under the bus with it. And I mean if you don't like your task force and fire them, get rid of them, you don't want them. And that bring her on even though she's absolutely nuts and doesn't know anything but bring her on. That's what you want. I mean, you don't you don't undermine your own government. That's the thing with him. He he undermines his own people and that's why you have so many people out there who don't believe like, oh, this thing isn't real. This thing is a hoax. Oh yeah, they think that because you keep giving conflicting messages every single day. I mean if you keep doing that, you create more chaos and confusion because if I was like I said, I was a Republican, I'm not. But if I was in is if I was in this party, I would go up to and be like, listen, you need to give a consistent message every single day. You can say this one way and the next day change your mind and then go back say, oh the doctors were wrong. No, the doctors admitted they were wrong and learn what from you know this because there was a new virus instead you go and blame things from five years ago, which makes no sense. I mean, it's and it's just get into the moment and fix it, fix the problem. Then when you say the election is rigged And it's gonna be fraudulent, the worst one ever. What does that do you know that? You just created you just created more confusion in people more. You know, anti government. If you will I mean, what are you what are you trying to gain from that? And I just think he likes chaos and disorder. That's that's just who he is. He doesn't he doesn't care. I mean he's just about him. If if somebody was to go to go to him today and bring them like a birthday cake, he would be all happy because it was for him. There's somebody we could go on tv and say, oh I love him. He's the greatest ever. He'd be tweeting about that all day. That's that's all he cares about. He's not interested in, you know, other people just like when he was here in florida he came down, jeez, you know, would have been a great thing. Go visit a hospital down here that is struggling with covid cases. No, he stands on the tarmac and there's a rally. The sheriff's with no mass on that. That's yeah. Just it's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: This man doesn't know how to read the room.
SPEAKER_R: No, he doesn't. He can't. He's yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's I'm sad that it took four years for people to realize. Um
SPEAKER_R: I didn't vote for him back in 2016 because I knew you was going to be like this and to me, he's only gotten worse and worse and worse and got two more months of him and I I do kind of fear november, what's going to happen with him,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, he's making everybody nervous with what he's saying because it's whenever someone is like oh well the election is going to be rigged and I'm going to lose and you all need to be you need to watch out. That creates a situation of like uh so yeah, that makes everyone really tense and nervous and then it's plus plus, I mean it's the kicking and screaming of a guy who knows he's gonna lose. But um so it's like, yeah I don't it's not great.
SPEAKER_R: wow. No. And I just I kind of fear what's going to happen. But then again, um I I personally think next couple of months because we didn't, we didn't do a good enough job or in the case count. I
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: think once again the flu season in two months were it's not going to go a while.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I've actually been afraid of that. I mean we're about to enter flu season pretty soon and we're not only just going to have Covid cases and we're going to have just the regular strain of flu. What happens when you get sick? Um and you start feeling unwell and then you're like what is it, is it the flu, is it covid? And then with testing being as bad as it is what it takes ages to get a result. If you can even find a place to get tested right away, it's like by the time you get the results back it's completely it's useless because you've already had like days of incubation and infection um And that's going to create a very scary situation for people.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's not, I don't think it's going to go very well. I actually think it's gonna go really bad. Just like waiting for a vaccine. Um If we get the vaccine supposedly end of the year it's going to take at least at least Six months I think to get it out there to people. There's no way okay, it's available January one. No one is going to have it. Like on January not everyone's gonna have in January two. It's gonna take so long and truthfully based on the testing response. I don't trust the vaccine response and
SPEAKER_L: Me neither. Especially
SPEAKER_R: the man
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: is president.
SPEAKER_L: government.
SPEAKER_R: But I do kind of think if if biden was elected president, I do think that he would basically let the doctors pretty much talk and say okay what do we need to do? Okay go do it, let's go do this. I support you. Let's do this and get these cases down. I think he would be at the press briefings talking. Not the president like how it is now. I mean he would let the doctors talk. Not not the president trying to talk about things he doesn't understand. But Anyways. Uh let's see here. So I think we're at the 25.
SPEAKER_L: Mark.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So he's like to wrap up, we can look at this point
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Well, I'm sorry. What was your name again?
SPEAKER_R: Darren.
SPEAKER_L: Darren? Darren. It was nice to talk to you. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You can copy as well.
SPEAKER_L: All right, well,
SPEAKER_R: Two.
SPEAKER_L: have a you too as well. Take care.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Good luck in California there.
SPEAKER_L: Good luck in florida.