Hello.
How you doing?
All right. It looks like it's just a 8:00. Perfect. Good
Darren.
Hey where are you calling from or logging from today?
Okay. So it's still like what six am out there? Mhm
florida.
Right.
Well we get up early for today. Anything any plans or? Yeah,
I'm
here
from that. I can understand that. I'm kind of straight away. Today is my day off. So um I kind of got up early but not not six
a.m. Well, you know uh good for you. That's good. I mean I always like to make the most of the day so uh that's pretty good. What what what city in California
program?
All right. Well, I know where that is. You're you're in a you're near like friends now.
Well
19
million up 99. Yeah. I've been I've been on that area before a couple times. I'm familiar with that without part of California.
Pensacola.
Uh It's uh it's in the panhandle if you if you picture florida were fight or um almost we call, we actually call this area L. A. Um Because we it's premature or Alabama. Um It's not like the florida that you I mean you have beaches of course and things like that but like I I used to live near Orlando which of course is I'm peninsula and that that was flower like um pretty much like in florida. Like there is a saying around here the further south in florida you go the more north it becomes. Did you have a lot of people from like new york Connecticut that come down once you get further north in florida, the more southern it becomes. So you can this part of the painting paint and it was pretty much like Alabama
stamp.
Yeah. Yeah and a lot of lot more northerner snowbirds. Um Like if you if you came to this part of the state um you pretty much would thank you in Alabama pretty much. It's there's not much of a difference. I literally live like seven miles um away from Alabama as it is. So um it seems it seems very much like it, I'm not near the tropical storm or hurricane um that further down. But we we do get like
those type of things up here too.
We have earthquakes.
Go.
wow. Yeah because I always hear a lot about earthquakes out there, like the news I do but you know how that could go. But I've lived through I would say like maybe five or six hurricanes. I looked through, I mean and I looked through some really bad ones. I lived three ones that were just like it wasn't that bad but um that's an experience.
That
yeah, I've lived through tornado to um rapper I think a tornado is, there's a lot work to live through than even a hurricane depending on where you are in the hurricane. But like in a hurricane, like you get winds and you can see it coming. For the most part. You can
see when it's kind of a tornado, especially at night, like you can't even see them at all. Um And you're you just hear the noise, you're like oh crap I need to go like hide somewhere like a closet or whatever because in florida we don't even have basements. So Brain which are going to um your closet for shelter,
I've heard for earthquake. So if you get if it's like a really bad one, I don't know if it's
true or a myth, but I've
heard that you're supposed to go out to the street, like get out of your building is running in the street and
because
You could almost get like out of support
they stand in the doorway because of the frame. That makes sense. I can see that. I yeah, I just heard that from somewhere like, oh, you know, go I guess
my
fear
would be like if I'm in a bill in the building would collapse on me. But then again, if I'm out on the street, you know, it's you know, what could happen on the road? Either or
you're
right. Yeah, that's that's true.
that's
and accept.
Yeah, I mean that that makes sense. I mean, I definitely wouldn't want to be like, like on the second or third floor of a building, definitely probably won't be on the ground level because a link if you're on the ground, like you say, you can protect yourself. Okay.
Um Have you been traveling lately at all? Have you been able to go anywhere?
Well, Yeah.
Right.
can't either. It's just florida
is really messed up. I'll say that even though I live here it's messed up.
Well
we have our governor is it's just terrible. I mean he's just,
he's just clueless. I mean and and he drives
me crazy. I mean we had the unemployment issue here system didn't work for people. Like
he what's really frustrated
me was when he was like going around like, oh we did it here in florida, we were in like italy we were in like new york and Now we have over 7000 people died from this thing and he was just boasting about it so much. And he didn't do anything really other than he put people, he tried to separate like people covid and nursing homes, which was good. I mean I'll give him credit for that, but
then once we start to get the Spyker
cases, he's done nothing. He hasn't done anything other than come out every day and say oh we're doing well, we're doing well, we have 9000 cases like every single day. The positivity rate has not gone down at all for like over a month now. Um we're still in phase two, he's closed the bars. Uh why? He just he doesn't recognize that there's a problem. And I always feel like if you can't recognize there's a problem, you're never gonna get to a solution I'll give and you know, and I could be wrong. I mean I only see, you know when I see the press conferences. What not? It appears the California, like at least your government a little more aware of what's going on then, what ours is like ours just is oblivious to things that's going on here.
What?
Yeah, that's our problem here too. It's just and what frustrates me a lot is that we're not making progress like, you know, that that's what, that's what frustrates me. You can, you know, someone can make all the excuses they want say, oh, it's only doing this to people Mass isn't going to make a difference, this isn't going to make a difference, that's not gonna make a difference. But if you don't do anything, you're not improving your situation. And I I challenge people every day that I talked to is that they're like, oh, you know, we're trying to do something to election. we're trying to ruin the economy. This group is trying to do this. This group is trying to do that. I said to take five minutes out of your day and read the world news, find out what's going on in other countries. Because that's, that's the thing when you see other countries are dealing with this, I'm sorry, India Australia, Iraq Israel, they don't care what happens in this country. Well, do you think that they care that our
communities are spiking? I mean their cases are spiking there. It has nothing, there's nothing in this country that's nobody was behind spiking it, It is what it is. If you don't control
it is gonna spread, it's just that simple. It's not a matter of this group is trying to control this. Oh, november 3rd will get better if you go back to like april and March. Um
There are people in the administration, the current presidential administrations paying what you think of it were saying by like july the economy was going to be going great, well our GDP was like negative 30
something, that's not, that's not great. And you know, again, I personally think this and I've said this to my friend because I have friends who are republicans have friends, are democrats.
The president of this, United States will come out and say, ok, here's my plan, This is what I'm going to do and here's how we're going to do it with testing and everything. I said to my republican friends, you get reelected and they're like, oh no, no, you know like, you know, democrats this or that said no, no. If he actually had a plan and did improve the economy and things open up now, whether you like the guy or not, I think enough people would vote for him and he would get reelected. He's hurt himself so bad with his lack of interest in this and and just calories this of it. Like this morning he was tweeting like a friend sent me a tweet that he had, he loves, you know, as you know, he loves to tweet, he was like, oh the rest of the world is doing a horrible job. That's why I'm like, well did you look at your own country and how you're doing? You have the most deaths in the world, the most places in the world here. And you're saying that Australia with 300 cases is doing worse than you makes no sense?
No, there's I mean the only countries that brazil is not doing that great, Russia is not doing that great. But you know, even still, I mean you don't want to be lumped in those countries. I mean far as how well you're doing that just is not very good if when we're supposedly have the best health care system in the world and no, because I said, I I personally think he's I think the president has schizophrenia, I do, I think he doesn't know like who he is. Like, like one day he'll say where masses patriotic. Then just like two days ago he was here in florida, he didn't wear a mask on the tarmac and I'm like, dude, you're in the epicenter of it and you're not wearing a mask, one of your supporter to hide probably because of your rally. So you say one day wear a mask and the next day you're like, don't wear a mask. That one day you say testing is great. We tested 50 million people. Then you're like well we have we're testing so much. You find more case as well. Yeah, you
find them because you're more infection and more people are dying from it. Not because you're doing all the testing. If you do a lot of testing and you don't find positivity that means that you're doing well. He keeps tweeting that every day and says it and it just amazes me how I mean if I was in this party I'd be like dude you have no idea what you're talking about. You need to resign because you're not doing anything
Find.
No I don't either. I'm right there with you. And um it his messaging and that's and that's the thing his messaging he sends out because I talked to friends and family every day. They don't know what to believe. I mean if if the President of the United States comes out and and says one day, okay, we're a mass because patriotic then the next day doesn't, what do you people that believe him? They think that he's you know, just like I think the worst thing that he did and I would be furious at him if I was in his party, he has a task force of, you know is the doctors, is the vice president on it. And then some woman. So I take hydroxychloroquine who's like some demon. Um and this is the thing that frustrates me and probably would to you as well. Okay. So you're doing your job at work right? Your boss says you go do this and you because you have the experience and then your boss is like, oh this person who has no clue what they're doing, just telling me this, you're wrong. I'd be like, you just you just threw him under the bus with it. And I mean if you don't like your task force and fire them, get rid of them, you don't want them. And that bring her on even though she's absolutely nuts and doesn't know anything but bring her on. That's what you want. I mean, you don't you don't undermine your own government. That's the thing with him. He he undermines his own people and that's why you have so many people out there who don't believe like, oh, this thing isn't real. This thing is a hoax. Oh yeah, they think that because you keep giving conflicting messages every single day. I mean if you keep doing that, you create more chaos and confusion because if I was like I said, I was a Republican, I'm not. But if I was in is if I was in this party, I would go up to and be like, listen, you need to give a consistent message every single day. You can say this one way and the next day change your mind and then go back say, oh the doctors were wrong. No, the doctors admitted they were wrong and learn what from you know this because there was a new virus instead you go and blame things from five years ago, which makes no sense. I mean, it's and it's just get into the moment and fix it, fix the problem. Then when you say the election is rigged And it's gonna be fraudulent, the worst one ever. What does that do you know that? You just created you just created more confusion in people more. You know, anti government. If you will I mean, what are you what are you trying to gain from that? And I just think he likes chaos and disorder. That's that's just who he is. He doesn't he doesn't care. I mean he's just about him. If if somebody was to go to go to him today and bring them like a birthday cake, he would be all happy because it was for him. There's somebody we could go on tv and say, oh I love him. He's the greatest ever. He'd be tweeting about that all day. That's that's all he cares about. He's not interested in, you know, other people just like when he was here in florida he came down, jeez, you know, would have been a great thing. Go visit a hospital down here that is struggling with covid cases. No, he stands on the tarmac and there's a rally. The sheriff's with no mass on that. That's yeah. Just it's crazy.
No, he doesn't. He can't. He's yeah.
I didn't vote for him back in 2016 because I knew you was going to be like this and to me, he's only gotten worse and worse and worse and got two more months of him and I I do kind of fear november, what's going to happen with him,
wow. No. And I just I kind of fear what's going to happen. But then again, um I I personally think next couple of months because we didn't, we didn't do a good enough job or in the case count. I
think once again the flu season in two months were it's not going to go a while.
Yeah. It's not, I don't think it's going to go very well. I actually think it's gonna go really bad. Just like waiting for a vaccine. Um If we get the vaccine supposedly end of the year it's going to take at least at least Six months I think to get it out there to people. There's no way okay, it's available January one. No one is going to have it. Like on January not everyone's gonna have in January two. It's gonna take so long and truthfully based on the testing response. I don't trust the vaccine response and
the man
is president.
But I do kind of think if if biden was elected president, I do think that he would basically let the doctors pretty much talk and say okay what do we need to do? Okay go do it, let's go do this. I support you. Let's do this and get these cases down. I think he would be at the press briefings talking. Not the president like how it is now. I mean he would let the doctors talk. Not not the president trying to talk about things he doesn't understand. But Anyways. Uh let's see here. So I think we're at the 25.
Yeah. So he's like to wrap up, we can look at this point
Darren.
Yeah. You can copy as well.
Two.
Okay. Good luck in California there.