Hi there.
Good how are you?
All right. Mhm. How what's your name?
Darren. My name is Alan
I'm from California. Uh
Uh Where are you calling from
florida? Okay. Um
Yeah it's still six AM here. I had to get up a little early but it's fine.
I
mean
it's a day off for me from work so I'm hoping later to get some stuff done around the house and then just sort of make the most of my day off.
Two.
Um you may not be super familiar with it. It's a city called Sherlock. It's 20 minutes away from Modesto. Do you
know where Modesto? Yeah
Kind of yeah
about like like
two hours.
Okay. Uh Where from florida are you calling from?
Where's that at?
no I say so
there's more activity the further south you go
What?
Oh I see. okay.
We have earthquakes. Yeah we had every time we have an earthquake here it's always we always feel like it's just like something else. It's the most of the earthquakes happen near L. A. R. R. L. A. Um And by the time it travels up the san Andreas fault and reaches where we are we we don't get it as we don't feel it as much as they probably would have felt it in La but we do still feel it. Um I haven't experienced many major earthquakes actually considering that
I live in California but yeah which I'm I'm happy about. Um I think the most significant when I remember was when I was What 14 years old and I was just sitting in my room like I am now and my whole room started shaking And I was shaking for a good 3-4 minutes. Then I went outside like when it stopped, I went outside to like ask my family members if they felt it and like none of them felt it and I was like really well none of you felt that just somehow that went through my room and no one else in the Yeah.
yeah. I mean I've always thought like, well, I mean yeah, we have earthquakes, but I think I'd rather sit through an earthquake than a tornado or things are other natural disaster like that. Those seem much scarier then tornadoes
and hurricanes seem much scarier to me than than an earthquake.
I
Yeah. Let's see. That is what terrify me, trying to figure out what to do in a situation like that. Yeah.
One
What?
I've
never, never heard that advice. The advice we we were always given because we would always do earthquake earthquake drills in school is we would have to get under a desk or get under something that wouldn't collapse under you. Uh If something like if you like an air conditioning conditioner fell on it for example they just get under your desk and just you know hold on and and you know or the advice that my parents would give me because they lived in, they live in, they used to live in Mexico where earthquakes happened all the time with greater frequency um Is that you should stand under like the frame of the door. So I don't know if you can see there's a door behind me but I'm support apparently standing under the frame of the door is also a good place to stand. Um barring not having any tables or things like that.
happened. Yeah.
I
don't
know.
Well I mean you would have power lines to, those could all
end
our trees, you know something. So I feel like no place is safe, quote unquote when there's an earthquake or leased a major one and I think the best is to just probably get under something and pray that whatever you're under doesn't um you know, break and
that. Yeah,
mm um but yeah that's that's what we that's the advice were given.
that.
Uh Well I mean has anyone lately with everything going on
um The
only significant bit of travel I did was back in june when it seemed like things were getting better. I traveled up to Washington to visit my girlfriend uh and you know stay with her family for a week. Um That was a nice little escape from everything that was going on. Um thankfully I didn't come back with anything. Um I was safe. Um And it was a nice little respite from my day to day. Um But other than that no I haven't really traveled anywhere. Yeah.
What?
Uh In what way?
What?
The sense
draft.
Bye.
What?
But
like.
Uh Yeah I mean in California we were doing we mean we were a success story at first we had our governor had acted quickly, he took things seriously, he shut everything down at the appropriate times even though people may be just hated him for it and wanted to recall him because um but he made, I mean, he made the right decisions early on and California's rate went down and stayed down and we were among like the best states that had this under control. Unfortunately, what had happened is that are a lot of counties, including my own would write letters to him saying, well, let us reopen, let us, our economies depend on it. Uh, we could be safe if you just let us reopen the government shouldn't be intervening and things like that. Um, and uh, I feel like the governor kind of caved to those demands. I saw that the numbers were down, saw that everything was fine in California and took that as his rationale for allowing counties to open up at their discretion. And unfortunately, the, the effect of that was that now we have High infection rates are infection rate is, is sort of similar to that of floor is where we haven't had to go down for a while now. I think I'm not 100% don't quote me on this or anything, but I think maybe yesterday was the first time we might have had a day without new infections, but we still have people dying every day. My my county is a bit more conservative and so they also weren't taking this maybe as seriously as they should have been. Um and we're coming up with all different types of excuses for not to institute mask orders or stay at home orders and we're kind of paying the price for it now I
think where one of the few counties that have a high infection. Right?
Come on.
But
No.
Thanks.
So.
Yeah. I wouldn't say South Korea is doing worse than we are
Here.
Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Uh it's this administration has done an awful job of this um it has been a huge botched operation since day one. the looks like you said if okay maybe he didn't foresee that this would happen, I mean nobody did, but if he had responded appropriately, if he had instituted and didn't done things that maybe would not have been popular but would have been good for everyone, like staying at home, like wearing masks because that's what a leader has to do right, they sometimes have to make decisions that aren't popular but that are good for people. Um And and or even now with the recovery and trying to get people assistance and aid for being laid off from work or being on unemployment or any or rent phrase or mortgage freezes or things like that. That, I mean to be quite honest, the democrats handed him a gift. He could have taken credit for that. He could have done all of that stuff. He could have been known for that and like you said, he would have been probably reelected or at least he have a better shot at the election because he could have been known as the president who gay people assistance helped people through this crisis and would have been remembered fondly for it. But
he completely, I mean again the democrats handed him a gift. It was literally just take it and and and be known as the guy who helped everyone. But this administration has a weird propensity for being cruel and not caring about his situation or denying reality. And so now it's I honestly don't see him winning in november.
This man doesn't know how to read the room.
Yeah, it's I'm sad that it took four years for people to realize. Um
Yeah, he's making everybody nervous with what he's saying because it's whenever someone is like oh well the election is going to be rigged and I'm going to lose and you all need to be you need to watch out. That creates a situation of like uh so yeah, that makes everyone really tense and nervous and then it's plus plus, I mean it's the kicking and screaming of a guy who knows he's gonna lose. But um so it's like, yeah I don't it's not great.
So
Yeah I've actually been afraid of that. I mean we're about to enter flu season pretty soon and we're not only just going to have Covid cases and we're going to have just the regular strain of flu. What happens when you get sick? Um and you start feeling unwell and then you're like what is it, is it the flu, is it covid? And then with testing being as bad as it is what it takes ages to get a result. If you can even find a place to get tested right away, it's like by the time you get the results back it's completely it's useless because you've already had like days of incubation and infection um And that's going to create a very scary situation for people.
Me neither. Especially
this
government.
Mark.
Okay. Well, I'm sorry. What was your name again?
Darren? Darren. It was nice to talk to you. Uh
All right, well,
have a you too as well. Take care.
Good luck in florida.