Yeah, wow. Uh huh. Yeah, wow. Mhm. ST wait up. Yeah. Oh yeah, we're throwing a quick, yeah. Yeah. To the city. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Uh huh.
Hey how's it going?
Not much
just uh watching some football? Uh huh.
Uh titans versus Texans?
Atul
now.
I think so probably, I mean like to be honest I'm more of a martial arts fan than football myself, but um I've just been watching football primarily because of fantasy football. Yes.
Nice.
I ran cross country and track to in high school.
Oh how old am I? I'm 30
How about you?
I don't
know, I mean do you uh did you do collegiate or something or? Hold
on.
Right, right, I got you.
Yeah, I haven't done like super long distance or anything like that in a while or uh Excuse me, um But I I try to get in some running like every other day if I can.
I um well, so a friend of mine, well two friends of mine are both kind of like doing
more hardcore endurance things and they started on it later in life. Um So they don't run across country a track or anything like that. One of my friends is an ultra marathoner, yeah,
and uh the other one is doing an Iron Man. Uh
yeah, I I realized that I couldn't uh running more daily um where I am because my there like certain strange pains and ligament kind of pains that I'm starting to get. Um but I think it's primarily because my my body, I don't think it was intended to run that much in the first place, because, you know, some people just aren't exactly made for, primarily just went by like the mental aspects of running, so I pushed my body to, like, certain limit um because I have short legs and long
And I used to, well, I used to, like, lift a lot of ways to upper body wise, and then I just did a lot of running, so it was like, I was getting that kind of prisoners build, so it was like, kind of just yeah, it was kind of weird, but then I kind of gave up more of the lifting, because uh one of the big reasons why do running is primarily for longevity reasons. Like there's this um guy who specializes on longevity, he said everybody when they're born has like, a certain
amount of heartbeats, but if you can get your vo two max up and you can slow down your heart rate, then essentially your heart beats will be at a slower pace than everybody else's.
Yeah
So I mean they do for longevity reasons but um actually i during this whole like pandemic thing or whatever um I mean I never really used to go to the gym anyways but I ended up um
I usually went to my company's um like little fitness room but they won't let us back on site. So I ended up buying a kettle bell. Um But only about the one kettle bell so I'm only limited to single kettlebell exercise.
My,
Yeah I mean it is
it's just developing a functional strength that can be system into an extent best.
I
don't do any martial arts I don't really watch it
I
guess.
Uh I was watching the UFC fight last night I guess and I also watch boxing. Um And I was actually supposed to go see the olympics this summer but it was postponed.
Yeah so I'm definitely gonna go next year because it was something I've been playing for the last two years. Um But I have tickets to taekwondo and boxing
and
uh judo also so
um yeah I mean I was trying to get track and field certain track and field but the thing is it's kind of complicated the way the tickets are set up so um if you want to 10 olympic events uh like most tracking fields are under an umbrella, they call it athletics and um like they'll have certain
athletic events on certain days so you're not guaranteed to like get that particular event depending because so like the the athletic tickets
there set up such that the ones where there's like you know
the men's 102 100 those kind of races or four by 14 by four they're all um more expensive tickets so I opted for the
less expensive so I get like steeplechase in one and something else.
No.
Well one of the big rackets that people will know about the olympics is like, so there's authorized ticket resellers have a partnership
with the olympic committee and the way they this structure
is such that each kind of like region or country has their own authorized ticket reseller and they have exclusive contract to sell those tickets and they can set their policy however they want. So I couldn't get a refund if I wanted to anyways
so I'm I'm stuck about over $2000 worth of tickets if I don't go because they won't give you a refund. And it's a big thing because like the problem is they are banking on people not doing a class action and most people can't do a class action anyways. So it's a big racket. The guy that's it's like some
Israeli guy that owns Coast Port which is the authorized ticket reseller for the U. S. Um for the U. S. Ticket reselling um for olympic tickets and uh he's notoriously corrupt but it's the only way you can get tickets. So
what?
I mean I'm pretty sure it's going to go on based off of like so I
catch the news regularly from Japan as far as what they're playing on doing. Um I'm in the United States so but in any case like uh there so
Japan wants to
what's called
save face so they want to make sure it goes on no matter what. Um And that can be with or without Spectators so um it's gonna go on no matter what most likely. Uh, whether they'll allow all spectrums and internet is up for debate. Um, they've been doing some trial testing because like Japan is big in baseball. So they've been trying to do some, I guess, alternative kind of covid checks in there, baseball stadiums and getting it at 75%
capacity. So science might be good. But overall the big problem is primarily the United States.
Yeah. Well, um, I did, I've actually gotten a covid test and I don't have the antibodies so I've either never gotten it or um, I'm not 100% sure. But I got the test shortly after I took a trip to Arizona, like during the summer and I came back and um, I plan on pretty much getting a covid test either before or whatever
after I come back from someplace. But I pretty much am not going to let it like stop
me from doing what I want. Um With the exception of traveling internationally between now and uh the olympics, obviously, so.
What,
So?
Oh yeah, I had to I went to a lot of trouble to uh cancel my um ho telling
or my hotels, accommodations or whatever, and then my airline tickets and then I recently rebooked all of them, but I wasn't able to get the same hotel that I could, but it was a nightmare to do. Um It was a big nightmare primarily because actually uh I didn't I never pay for my plane tickets, I always use males. And uh but the thing that people don't understand about airline miles and redeeming awards is this a big hassle to do, but obviously you end up saving a lot of money because um went in there. So the big problem is because of covid. So one of the things that one of the ways that airlines um determine their um award tickets for flights is depending on um a revenue balance on each flight.
Um So if that they may not release that many award tickets um for like a particular flight, so
I've had to be kind of flexible for the most part to go
on just um the less popular days ago. So I'm I'm going basically
like
on the 27th of july and I'm returning unlike the
11th or 12 or something like that. Um
So it'll be like a couple of days
after the end of the of the games if you know, assuming they get to go. But um Japan is also from what I've read, they're testing this thing where
um you get a Covid test and then you download an app um and then with the app you check in at certain points um
Excuse me at the airport um when you land before you depart, then when you land um and then periodically before you leave like Japan
so I don't know if they're gonna be able to uh fully implement
all the rapid testing or not um but there's probably gonna
be a digital component to it as far as an
app to track and yet like I guess contact tracing all that stuff so.
No
no
um so I have been to Japan before and then I was talking to a friend of mine, he wanted to go so we thought like
you know the
best time for you to go would probably be during the Tokyo 2020 olympics, this was like three or four years ago, so we've been playing for the last two years ago.
East
Coast W mm.
Place
No.
One of the things about the way the tickets are released is it's um through like Coast Port which is the authorized ticket reseller is it's kind of like variable so you almost
you absolutely have to plan two years in advance. So like just an example last june was the first ticket drop
and then periodically they did additional ticket drops like at random times throughout the year. Um And the thing is like the popular events uh
we'll do the ticket drops like so I missed all the swim men
swimming that
I wanted to get um the butterfly stroke
and all
that stuff. Um And I missed like some of the better events to um I mean I got some good events but you know uh not all the ones I wanted to get so it is what it is at least. Uh I had like I was able to get some tickets. Um I mean to be honest there they're a little bit expensive because like not only is it a racket on the part of the ticket reseller? They so there's a there's like a um well there's a
fee that they charge just like 20% of the ticket price on top of it and then they charge shipping handling. So it's like if you get like $100 ticket you're paying 100 and like $35. Yeah so it's it's a total racket it's um and the thing is they have this policy in place where if you try to resell for more than face value they can basically cancel the tickets you have. But well so it's kind of like it's a little bit dicey but from what I've heard they don't print your name on it so as long
as you don't get caught if you wanted to resell the tickets you
may
be good but hard to say.
the marathons free.
Yeah. Well the thing is like I I don't know if I would want to go to the L. A. Olympics because just knowing the state of California as it is and then like like Japan I've been to Japan and um transportation is really good um Because it's just most of the area is just full of like metro stations, subways. Um And then like from an affordability standpoint um Like it can be expensive but if you've been there are certain tricks I think you you can figure out how to like hit by decently. Um Just from for example for like accommodations
right? Like almost all the hotels are some kind of more or less sold out but um booking accommodations this time. So so last time I was able to get um a best western
for like $45 a night.
Yeah.
Yeah but this time it was taken um so I couldn't rebook it. So what I end up doing was booking what's called a capsule hotel. Capsule
hotels
are,
they're they're basically like um slightly
yeah they're pods more or less. I've stayed in pods before in Canada at Whistler. If you know where whistlers it's like um so whistler is like a ski resort. It's where they had the I think one of the olympics. The winter olympics.
Uh Yeah it's closer Alberta I believe. Or north of Bc Vancouver. There's Columbia. Yeah but it's pretty nice. Um The
thing
about
actually, no, uh, not the one that I went to, the one that I went to was called Panji a pot and whistler. It was has a little
bit more clearance. Um, and uh actually I've stayed
in a in a capsule another time in Singapore. So basically it's um long enough
for somebody that's like six ft four, I guess, you could say. And then you get um about
two ft of clearance above you. So it's not too bad. And then from the sides you get, well in terms of with um four ft besides and you get your own tv on the side and your own air conditioning on the side. So it's really not that bad. Um and all things considered, I plan on only being there when I need to sleep. So.
Yeah. And then um,
it's uh, you can, they have like um private showers to um So I believe they have laundry to
it's like a capsule slash hostile kind of situation, I guess. Um But I was able to, well it's a little bit pricier now, it's like $60 a night instead of $45 previously. So I just wanted, yeah.
Bill,
I actually think this is like my fifth. How
are you?
Oh nice. Nice. Yes.
The
sorry?
Uh there's been a variable uh Well to be uh to be fair, I've it's been all white people for me, haven't gotten like anybody of any other race from what I've seen so far.
Well.
I'm sorry. No offense. Can't
Go to hell.
So yeah, conversation.
Good
conversation thing. Good, nice.
Right. Of course.
I'm I'm in a computer science I guess I'm a software engineer. What kind of engineering are you?
Jeff
by raising?
What?
Yeah, I'm I'm pretty hyped for Mandalorian. Season two is coming out. Uh Have you seen the Mandalorian on Disney Plus?
Star
Burst?
No.
Did
you see as SNL thing like a week or two ago? Yeah,
it
was primarily because he was taking down white women a little bit because so he was basically saying you've been like complicit by taking all the white men's blood money from
and now you you act like you're all aggrieved. But I mean really though at the end of the day, like um as an asian man myself, like thinking when I think about it, it's like um there's this kind of like hierarchy of grievances, right? And um I'm slightly offended in a weird way that women, especially white women, we consider themselves more grieved than me, like because like if you really want to talk about the whole internet, so I don't really subscribe to the whole intersectionality thing too much because I think it, I mean I understand like there are definitely people that are in lower positions of, I guess privilege or what have you, but if you, I think if you fixate on that, it makes everybody into a victim, which is kind of unnecessary or it shouldn't be um a perspective to assume if you want to. Um I don't know, like um be more resilient in life. Um Like I'm like, I have like empathy for people, but it's just at the same time, like if you really want to play the grievances card, it's um I I don't think like white women have a better standing than a lot of some minority men. For sure even may. Like there's like um there are technically more women in the United States than there are men
can. Yeah. Yeah, literally. And then there are, you know, more white women than you know another and and at the end the day there are more men today that are there more women today? They're getting degrees than there are men. And if you like control for
the like obviously there are men attack like me who are making a fair amount of money I suppose. But um at the same time, like if you were to like control across like all working professionals, I think on the average women make more.
grievances.
Oh yeah, I completely agree to, I don't think it should be thought of as like hierarchy per se. But I'm saying if like if they if that's the like argument they want to make
that there's a hierarchy of grievances then but then you're not gonna win anyways.
So like if that's
that's a goal. Yeah.
No.
No.
So.
sure. But it's like one of those things where I think if you become too fixated on the things then there's no
standard for anything. Like that's that's one way that I look at it. But I mean overall I don't really fixate on too much but we're talking about like the bill bird thing and it's like that's that's one of the things he mentioned. So it's it's kind of humorous to me in the in that regard. Um Like
uh Yeah I I mean I definitely don't think you know there's there's a lot of people that use like asian americans is like a model minority kind of thing and
use
it against
They use it as a way to point out to like, you know, whatever other racist
failure or something like that. That may not be doing as well. I don't think that's really fair to either race because one thing is like, so I was having a discussion with somebody who's, I wouldn't consider myself any particular leaning. Um but I was having a discussion with somebody who said, well it's because white people are less
racist to asian people. That's what
they were saying. And
then they and then they were also saying, but
I kind of disagree because uh they, because my argument was more that um as far as why one particular race succeeds more than the other one. Uh that's what their
argument was and that I don't entirely agree with that. I maybe it has some merit, but I
don't think it's all or nothing kind of thing. Um I think there's one thing that a lot of people in America don't know. So I studied
13th 15th century korean history. I'm not actually korean and chinese um ethnically, but
when
I
start,
Yeah. Well, one of the things that people like just from studying 13th 15th century korean history, uh, if you ever heard of Confucianism, there was a part of the roots of Confucianism is about self improvement and education and like it's it's
always trying to trace a fit like the lineage of like Confucianism and its practices and how it's exist today. When I was looking at it, it's basically one of the huge reasons why in asian cultures education is um, said on such a high pedestal is because there's, there's a class structure like in, you know, in futile different fuel. Parts of Asia, excuse me. And the only way for somebody that's like a peasant
to become part of the scholarly class or part of the public service class as there is in like these different cultures, it's all through education. Um, so I have really backwater like peasant genetics, like my parents
are from a poor part of
poor coastal part of china and um, they always emphasize education
like I would get beaten if I got a D or something like that or you no see. Um, and then like a lot of other asian people, I knew the same same way. Like, um, you need to do well from a educational standpoint. Like my parents harped on a lot because they said if
it was, if it was you against a white person
in America and you are on the same footing, you would lose no matter what it is. So you have to outdo everybody else. Um, and it's not only
that
aspect from, you know, being it, I was born in America actually, but um, but yeah, they're, they're basically arguing like they're trying to compare african americans or, you know, slaves or black people or whatever um, to literally over two millennia of um kind of this philosophical, almost genetic kind of building blocks of culture in a weird way. So like basically
education or educational attainment is like um is nearly genetic, a lot of asian people, especially the older generation. Um like you might go away in the generation after mine or something, but um, it's almost like a, so, so in korean culture, there's something called han H A N. And it's um kind of like a similar concept to accept, it involves more of um doing well to represent your family well in order to do to what's called save face. Um And it's uh so yeah, education is a big thing. Um and to downplay it and say it's because people are less racist to you. I think it's completely missing like the point for the most part, completely not understanding the roots of Confucianism or philosophy that better and like a lot of asian cultures.
I
think it's I think the less racist part maybe accounts for 10 to 20% at most. Like education is so big in like asian cultures, I would say it's uh it probably makes up a majority of the reason why like any asian person that successfully successful.
Pretty good
reference.
But yeah, it's um I mean there hasn't been like a lot of scholarly papers on it per se because I don't think it's a point that people really interesting exploring. Exactly. But um I mean I like I majored in computer science, but it was just like um when I was in college, I was wondering why my parents were so hard on me all the time. And uh so I, you know, I studied a bunch of random asian cultures just to see if there was like a connection and that's what I stumbled on, that. It was it was like kind of like beaten into people, it like from a from a very early time in history, like my my my grandfather was an engineer um and my parents like they're barely educated um for some reason I think, like even though they didn't do so well, um and my grandfather was an engineer, they were technically in like a poor part. So my my mom's side, she has um one brother and three sisters and an engineer and china doesn't really make that much back then. Um so education was harped upon, like, you know, my, my dad's side of the family, he was kind of an idiot, but my mom understood like
the
importance of education, so then they moved to America and all that stuff. Um and you know, they did some like medial manual labor work in the restaurant business. Like me personally, I worked in the restaurant business from the age of 4 to 18, um,
every day at school, I'd have to do work, um, until like, the evening and then I do homework and then I eat and then that's it.
here
help.
It's a shitty existence, but you know, it is what it is like, um, after I graduated college, like I started traveling a lot more because my parents never had time to um take me for vacation or anything. So, you know, it is what it is. Oh, so which part of the east coast are you at right now?
Oh, so am I? I'm,
I'm in Vienna.
I'm actually not from the Nova area though. Originally I moved there, um, back in 2012 from southwest Virginia.
Like if you know where, um, in between you via and, and for jay tech is like, there's like a small town, they're like 4500 people. Um, there's a mormon college there, that's where I'm from.
Yeah, I believe so. Yeah, It's
if you know where Blacksburg is?
let's
get
to
work.
that's it in Harrisonburg. Um yeah, so my town is like an hour, an hour and half south of there. Yeah.
Yeah, that's cool. Um,
A family in California.
it's
I am,
Cool.
Uh what do you see a
I got you.
yeah. Where did you end up going?
Oh, nice. That's really good school.
that's what like new york is that we're recording?
No,
I've actually always wanted to go to upstate new york um like there's certain there's like some random
like farmhouse style restaurants
that I've wanted to go, but I'll say new york is part of new york where you need a car. Uh
no.
Oh yeah, I went, I've been going for a run in the mornings and uh actually I kind of like the weather, cold weather. Um I prefer seasons, that's why I like a lot of my friends have moved out to California for, you know, this kind of work. Um I'm just like, no, I'm okay. I for one I think California is kind of falling apart
just hearing from the sheer number of people they're leaving. Um and the homeless situation that's pretty rampant and it's gonna get even worse primarily because of the way they were managing covid, like um like I say, I don't like, I'm not any particular political spectrum per se, but I don't think they should have shut everything down the way they did uh because it's just going to put a lot of people on the street, especially people in the restaurant industry because restaurant margins only like 5% um after everything is paid for. Um And and then the way they're trying to tax the wealthy, it's not the best. There's a reason why what's face from new york city. Um What's the the annoying mayor? Um
I think he's the governor but he's also annoying both of them. Um Both the mayor and the governor, they're both like scrambling trying to ask all the rich people who moved out to Connecticut to come back because they rely on their tax dollars because the wealthy people pay for the majority of taxes, the state taxes and without it there basically shit out of luck in California and new york so it's all very poorly managed. Um uh Oh like what I'm seeing right now is a lot of luxury home developers and designers in las Vegas and um in Mexico we're sorry about Waco texas. Um And they are doing really well because of all the people from California, they're moving out there. Um Right now you get basically three like have you heard of toll Brothers?
so they're home they're a home developer or designer that they designed luxury and they designed luxury homes so they've already I po'd a while back. Um But they have some really nice houses in like las Vegas. Um that's actually like priced very similarly to houses in like uh like the Ashbourne sterling certain parts of the D. M. V. So like you can get like um oh like a lot of you get like a three story like McMansion in Las Vegas for like 600 grand. Um And so like.
it's like these houses are so nice and uh these people from California moving out there and just buying buying them like that because it's like I mean on one hand the weather at night time is like super cold or it can be kind of cold and then during the day it's like hot as hell, but it's technically kind of sunshine, like most of the time, so yeah, it's just kind of dry and arid. Other than that, like all you need is humidifier and you're set. Um And you know, a lot of people that work in tech are working remote now, so
it's fine. I'm working remote. I've been working remote since technically I could work remote before Covid, but I like going into the office because it's better internet. Um And I also get free coffee and water and all that shit. But
uh yeah, I mean my it's been fine. I mean, my electricity costs been a little bit higher from doing work at home. Um But other than that, I've been pretty upset for the most part. Mhm.
Yeah. I mean, I would almost be healthier than I've ever been because I'm getting a lot more sleep because basically like there have been days where I just haven't taken a shower at all. I'm just like working.
Else.
Yeah. Anyways I think we've hit our 25 minutes. This
good talking to them.
All right.
Yeah I was going
to see you later but.