where else?
That's right. Hey, what's up? Oh
my
Oh my dad's downstairs watching it too. I, who's playing right now?
I, I honestly I don't pay much attention to football, but I at least know all the teams and I generally know how they're doing. Okay.
Last
I heard that you are hit Super Bowl most likely. Yeah.
Okay. Oh, I'm into running so I used to do like fantasy across the country. Mm
hmm.
Uh holiday right now.
How long? I was 30
2027. So we're decently close. I'd like
to
not
not like N. C double A. But I did the club and I, I graduated and I still do, I still train pretty seriously for local races and yeah, again it's local. I'm not going to, you know, not like national or anything, but it's more so that I like doing it.
No.
yeah, that's good. Uh in my, in my very unprofessional opinion I would say like three general exercises or or sports that are really good for you or running boxing or any martial art and growing speaker at least those those last two not not included running but growing and martial arts is just it's like a beautiful combination of upper body lower body core cardio so you know you can't go wrong with. Yeah
like
Oh
uh chief that's that's what people
What? Yeah.
well
funny thing is that across many mammalian species the average tends to be a billion heartbeats in a lifetime. No. Uh
Yeah
go
Yeah like I don't know in terms of its like between the legs swings and uh I
do weights every day but I'm talking about like my dumbbells go up to £20 so it's not it's not I'm not gonna I'm not gaining weight to woke up,
you know
what type of
martial arts do you do?
Are you
what's
your what's your what do you like watching?
women
That's
so cool.
Would you care about any other sports in the olympics or just martial art related?
Well
What? Oh
What?
Different.
You know I've been to a uh in London, I went to a uh I forgot I'm blanking today but it was an international competition and the same thing. You don't really have a choice. It's had the 100 m final but then they had uh you know, no offense but you know these other events that people don't quite care about as much like steeplechase is nice but it's I like the five K. The mile, the 100 pretty much all the standards. But yeah you don't you don't really have a choice
is a bundle package. That is awesome. Your that you at least are still planning on going to the Tokyo Olympics.
What?
No
shit.
What?
No jeez I mean what do you think the chances are that that the olympics are going to be cancelled or postponed or at
least or at least? Uh huh. The public will not be allowed to be there.
What?
No
I
know.
but.
I was gonna say like yeah they might allow Spectators just not the U. S. Which might throw you over.
What?
What?
Yeah I I mean I was planning on taking a family trip to London again uh Funny enough it was supposed to happen like this weekend. I hadn't planned for months and I bought quite
a lot of stuff
in preparation and then in March at you know when? Down
what?
But mhm.
What?
Work.
No.
Been like
what?
no.
Well
Great.
What?
What? Yeah.
With
what?
What?
Yeah. Is there a particular reason you want to go to the Tokyo olympics or like do you go to a lot of for pretty much any time you see a position involved in martial art you want to go or
just?
Excellent.
Don't
look
shift. Yeah. The reason why are you on the west Coast east Coast
someone.
Okay, I'm on the east Coast I'm gonna
say because uh I think 2028 is the L. A. Olympics. So at least there's that chance there's terrorists in 2024. And I'm you know, I'm already looking forward to 2028. I'm just hoping I'll be able to go
just because you know us.
Because
hi.
Oh
switch
well
one
from.
What?
help.
Thank
you.
At the very least I have family in L. A. So I'm just thinking like worst case I can stay with them and I can watch the marathon is it's going to be free so
you know because they're not going to block off 26 miles of streets so.
No.
What?
Where john Tokyo or L. A. Okay
wow. Okay.
Oh I'm not
saying that
you know
their plants.
Probably Calgary.
If
you're
claustrophobic in those.
No.
What?
What?
What?
Yeah. Makes sense.
huh.
What? No.
Okay. That's cool.
Jesus. Is this your first one of these prolific studies
then?
Same fifth.
What are the
other?
All right. But I was just gonna say what are the other people like?
for
clarification on mexican if that helps you?
No. No it's okay. I don't mind. I know I'm racially ambiguous. I don't care. So uh yeah. Talking racially. Um I've had one african american person and the rest were white.
To to african american people and then the rest were white. But yeah
much everyone
was on the east coast again.
I met I'm a huge Disney fan. Like well like walt Disney world like the engineering behind that I'm an engineering.
so, so
Um chemical, but I
feel like general engineering so
coincidentally the first person I ever matched with happened to work at walt Disney World, so so
for like 30 minutes I'm just asking her like no part of her job and just you know, all the random stuff that she probably I found fascinating because I'm a huge fan.
I gotta say I'm not a I'm not a fan of
like New
Start and stuff. I love the original trilogy.
I you know honestly the only the only two things I know about the Mandalorian are one uh Baby Yoda, you know, we always a part of it and then my favorite living comedian, one of my favorite living comedian, Bill Burr as a departing that so I thought that was hilarious
because
wait there was some controversy about it, but I
forgot what was controversial.
because
Well technically
trump.
Okay. I don't know. I don't really thanks. Like when you were first bringing yourself about uh what was the hierarchy of
complaint or even my immediate thought was like I was thinking a bit more like like you know, it's not necessarily one is over the other, it's like depend.
you want
well
food,
I was gonna I was gonna bring up that uh at least from my perspective, I don't and I don't think about this much so I don't know. So
it doesn't seem like there's a hierarchy and it's more of a web and it's more like you have this characteristic about you and that might influence some
some
percent of something. Well isn't that what intersectionality is where this a little bit of this, a little bit of this like it's all it all affects everything else.
Mr
What?
So
the americans
Angeles, people that are yeah
referees.
Morning
going
interesting
What?
what
well
But
huh. You're
going
to
bring, you can bring up the slave colonies like the japanese enslaving. Pretty much Korea and you know it's china.
it's
It's
Jesus.
What?
What
two?
What?
That's
for.
Good.
Is it in your view is it downplaying or is it all right, wrong. Uh People are less racist to eight
people?
Yeah. Pretty I again I don't have anything the counter
this
besides just the outcome.
But
why
time?
Yeah. You sound like my best, my best friend in high school the same thing. Her parents were from china. They had a restaurant or they have a restaurant. Ah current events content and you know they're taking advantage of her just like she gets a study in the
back within help,
Help in the kitchen. Mhm.
I'm in the D. C. Region.
I
mean oh I'm in um Maryland Montgomery county. I was gonna bring up to you that in my area like there's, I forgot whatever source it is. But it was saying like monk a planning of cities and towns with in Montgomery County are ranked as quote unquote the most diverse and by that definition it's like the closest to 25% split between white, asian hispanic and african american. So I.
South well. Okay.
Is it south of Shenandoah? For
I know that
uh I want to say I do, but I don't
remember.
It's
because
no, I've been to Shenandoah for a small family trip a few weeks ago, maybe a month ago and I know that I stayed in an Airbnb right next to uh James James Madison University. Uh
mm
I'm originally from California, right?
So I went I was from California that I went and I lived in florida, which is where I developed my love for Disney because you get like a florida annual pass back then it's like as many times as you want, $200 it's fucking crazy. It's
great. Nowadays it's it's like $200 for one day. So yeah, we're two hours away from Disney. So I would go there a lot and then I moved up here and I feel like it's like it was like the perfect timing because as a little kid you want to go to like the beach and Disney
a lot. And then if you want education you want to go to the Nova area. Uh Nova you know the the D. M. V. Area? Uh huh.
Where do you go to college?
Oh yes I have. I applied there. I've like uh I don't back then since my my parents really didn't go to like actual colleges that kind of went to like uh my dad went to college in Mexico and it's a different system. It's not like applying
here. So I didn't really know that much. All I know is that U. V. A. I I kind of liked the weather, the weather seemed nice and the area seemed nice and they weren't ranked you know they're working pretty good for stuff I was interested in. So I applied there and it was one of my choices. So that was nice.
I ended up going to Cornell.
Yeah, it's weather is not definitely preferred Virginia over. Yeah,
it's upstate new york.
No,
well
alcohol.
definitely. Mm. It is so freaking cold there. Um So I went from florida to Maryland and I was complaining Maryland was like 40 degrees so
I don't complain anymore. 40 is awesome. Especially.
Well.
Did you know?
T. O. L. L. Mhm.
trust me you can get like half that of a huge house. I have family in Vegas and I spent six months there. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. What's your job situation like? Are you?
Jimmy.
Well, yeah. And I was gonna say even if you go into the office, I work from home between March and september and now my company has forced me to come in but at least we're like I'm easing my way in because at least when I'm driving right now there's no traffic. So it would suck to go from like working from home like waking up 10 minutes before I need to work now, like having to drive 40 minutes and you know all that. So.
Come on. But um during the summer, yeah, if it was a nice day, I would take my lunch hour and I would actually sunbathe on my deck like why not so awesome. And then you know if it's raining or something, I just take a nap in during my lunch uh turn on my lunch hour and then I eat as I work afterwards. So
I was like the last it might be the last uh summer vacation I ever have. It definitely felt like
it's been.
Yeah, it's been 41 track. All right,
talking to you.
All