It's not
as we're good.
Ezra Ez
thank
you. Thank
you. It was my birthday.
the 15th.
Just turned 19.
When's your birthday
also almost funny.
I know. I've
never seen one that asked was, did you find this
so prolific? Yeah, me too. I've never been asked to do like a a video one before. There was one that was like a, like a mock interview thing, but that was no
one on the other side. It was just like,
you just had to record like how you would answer these questions if you were in an interview. And I was like, okay. And I was like, ready to do it. I got the notification like 4:00 AM from like the prolific assistant, that thing. And I was like, okay, so you said, you know, $10 for 10 minutes. I was like, okay, so I'm like reading it, I'm like, fine, I can, I can do this. Then they're like right before said uh please be dressed as if you were at an interview, and I was like
but
literally, and so I was like okay, so like put on a a top and I was like, glasses, right ready for my energy, what did you know what we're supposed to talk about
For 25 minutes? So I'm guessing you're in the US as well, I'm in Arizona. How about you,
New Hampshire? Oh, that's different to your weather right now.
Oh, so jealous. I think it's 102 right now, and it's like Kenny
um very high A. C. Bills, That's how it
yeah, I was born in Prescott, so that's a little bit north because I'm right around phoenix right now, but in Prescott I was only there for the first two years of my life, so I don't remember that at all, but since then it's been Chandler which is just south of phoenix.
Yeah. So have you been in new Hampshire for all of your life?
You see
that's
I'm definitely in the suburbs for now um switching schools soon, so I'll be moving to Tucson probably next month and I'm getting apartment with one of my buds and that's like an hour and a half south of where I am. So
a little bit. Yeah.
Yeah, that's super fun. Tucson is definitely not as populated,
is it?
Um The people in Arizona, they don't really, they're kind of rude. Like I think it would be like if I was in new york or something, we just like
like animals.
Well
yeah, I mean
I like smiling at everyone, I see you but they look a little weird at, they're like okay.
I think so, I think it's not, Yeah, I could just make someone stay, but like if someone's walking their dog and I'm like, oh, cute dog, there's like a 50 50 chance, they're going to give me a weird look and say nothing and keep going or they're going to be like, thank you and then continue. I mean, I feel like that's only gotten worse with like Covid there, like you better say six ft away from me. But I mean I wear a mask and everything. Is it pretty bad in new Hampshire?
Good.
That's a lot better. Um definitely in the worst hit county when it comes to Arizona, Arizona wasn't hit that bad, but there's like A 1000 cases in America. Yeah, so
we just um The 15th was my birthday and that's when like the full lockdown was, you know, released and then My partner just lives like 10 minutes away. And so the whole family quarantine for the first half of me so that I could come over. So I just came back from that yesterday because I was there for like four days and the rest went to Florence, which
is um again south and it's just this like dirt town and it's full of abandoned buildings, a prison and like one big goals and a bunch of Amish people and that's all it's there. But I love exploring a building, so that's that's what
we did
shares.
But yeah,
I did that last year. It was cool.
Um we usually take pictures.
So yeah,
our two pictures and then just, you know, fun ones because the stuff that you'll find, like I have, I mean right here it's over my little thing, but like this is what I got from Florence the first time, I'm not even sure if you can see it, but it's a little cat and it's a think of salt pepper shaker, but literally just found it in the dirt because it's like Florence, a super desert. I mean everywhere. It's technically a desert, but you know when it's covered by concrete, you can tell as much except for the heat, but in Florence
just like a wasteland. And I liked going there last year because it felt like it was like there had been an apocalypse and everyone had just left because everything is like empty and like run down by the elements. I don't know, I just think it's really cool and I'm like, oh my gosh, everywhere, It kind of looks like a place Lincoln's everyone's inside.
Yeah. And like pretty much wherever you are, if you drive for half an hour in a certain direction, you can get to just open desert. Like my dad used to take me target shooting when I was a kid and
that's
why. Yeah
that
we have a side by side
And and then a bunch of people have like uh four wheelers for when they go camping.
That sounds way better to me though because I do not a fan of the desert
like
I can. Oh my gosh, I am so jealous.
No that's so cool. I'm just
in the suburbs and the only trees that are here are ones that were planted by people sadly except for little specially ones that you see hanging off the side of a cliff face. That's about it,
That's where everyone
was for vacation, like every break whatever
everyone's
taking pictures and they're all in like
it.
L. A. All by the Hollywood sign. That's where all the school trips were. We're gonna go somewhere. It's always going to be California because it's like a five hour drive and then.
Nice. I haven't been that far east I think the farthest I've ever been with like Louisville Kentucky. Mhm. And that was for a jazz band competition when I was in the 8th grade.
But I play
the sex.
He
I'll do, yep you for anything
or have you once.
Well
what
do you like this school?
Did a little bit of that but only under the context of theater because I was in their company theater troupe for like three years.
No way.
My show posters? Yeah.
All right. I think all of mine are being made into a t shirt quilt just about now.
Well
The City
Beauty
and
the Beast Who?
No way. You guys did seussical. That was my um they did it my seventh grade year. But I used to go and see all the performances because my mom's friends kids were in it. But soon
was probably one of the best ones that we did.
I've
heard
of that
one. I think I saw that one when I was at a competition. That's cool. But Great Gatsby Alice version of Alice in wonderland, bottom of lake um rocky beaches and um N.
Y. A.
The National Youth Awards one for
bottom of the lake for my role of Bloody mary. That was fun. It was basically they had me suited up in like a child's nightgown that did
not fit and then they covered in blood and then boom bloody mary. But now I think the main thing that I remember from that show was just being chafed by Children's nightgown, I'm not very big, but if it's meant for a seven year old
it's not gonna fit. But you know as an actor you just don't complain about the costumes, but I was like I'm going to break this and I did not on purpose but it definitely ripped and they're like, oh no, it just adds to the bloody mary look. And I was like okay, at least it's giving me ventilation since I ripped the slave off. Yeah. So what years of high school did you do? Theater Inquire?
Burn.
but
can't be bothered. No. I definitely felt the same way Senioritis hit hard. I wonder how people are doing with senioritis now that they can't even go to school.
This is
yeah, my sister is in the I. B. Program so they've been, I feel like they're almost assigning her more work is a soft, she's like I've never gotten this and I feel like it's universally it's the english teachers that are just trying to fuck you up with assignments because she's like I'm getting three a day and I have to write a diary entry. But I haven't left my bedroom in two months. What am I supposed to write about?
I don't mind it. I mean in high school and stuff was really into like poetry but I let the the playwrights and the authors do my writing and now I just read it.
Do you read it all?
No way.
Do you have? Well then let's hear it
just a little bit. I mean you could be the next Eminem. I don't know. I don't know you, I don't have any expectations set up for you. Tell me again what your name was, cole. Okay, that's what I thought. But if I said the wrong one, I feel like an asshole. Right? See
you went because you remembered
Oh my flowers or flat,
More words. Yeah. I don't know. Mm hmm. Let's say I'm a star.
I'm not I'm really not.
I
was
Mhm. I always say, trust you as far as I can throw you and I'm weak as fuck. It can't even pick you up. Yeah. Yeah,
I'll take it. I'll take it. That was great. Better than I can do. Someone asked me to wrap it. Probably just read him a dr Seuss book or do you like God by eminent because somehow I can
do
that. It's very hard wrapped
up. MnF.
Or
let's
it was my senior year for like, valentine's day. I was dating this girl that I really liked Watts Key. And so, but it life I I learned how to do whoa, what's key and then I um had some like skills messing around with audio because I would, you know, do tracks for competitions and stuff. And so I dubbed over it after I removed the vocals and I put it on a mix tape and I thought I was so cool, she was blown away. So I obviously did something right, but the amount of hours that it took
me to learn how to do that, I was like, oh, it's just like talking fast, I can do. And I was like, oh no, it's harder than it looks, but I but I figured it out and she was so pleased, so I'll take it as a win. But no, I never would have guessed that you wrap. That's cool. Are you in college too? Where you go?
are you at home for
Gordon? Oh, and for summer now too.
And been doing prolific and then I think that this has been my Favorite one that and then a couple, especially since all of them are at home and I don't have to really get my ass out of bed just paid. Like
I didn't
want
her Arizona state. They had one that was like your, it was like a student run, thank someone doing like their doctorates and they're like, talk about your feelings or guided conversation about organic food. And I was like, It's getting me a $50 sprouts gift cards, so I might as
well.
but it's actually really cool.
I've seen these are testing pays well. And then um so I found it through like looking at like beer money sites on Reddit because they're like, you know, just
And then they were like mturk and I looked at that, but unless you're doing it for months straight, they're not going to give you anything that's like
and I did um Nevo I tried that out and like it seemed alright, that's one where you just listen to, Well they have different tests, but like either you have to say text so that it helps with like A I technology, you either say text or you listen to their like transcription and you fix it. And so those will be like maybe 10 cents each, but I did like $200 worth one afternoon and then ready for that pay out and they do it when the job finishes and then within two weeks you'll get paid. And so they're like, oh you elected for partial payment here, $16. And I was like, okay, where's the rest though? And I think from that one I've probably only got like 70 of it. I'm like I'm not
sure about you and I mean
I'll take this.
It was, it was because they were like, oh they'll pay you for the amount that you get right because they do like quality testing. I was like this is quality, what do you mean? And I'm like, I definitely did not get more than half of them wrong so, But it's just so slow. I'll just get ran. I just keep getting random like 50 cent payments from them into my paypal and I'm like, you know, I'll take it
literally sound like it's going to come sometime maybe but no prolific is cool. Um Yesterday I did some Postmates while I was out with my girlfriend, we need to kill three hours. I got my septum done that hurt
like a
bitch.
Thank you. I've had for a day but trying to make my appointment and one of the only places open was like Little Shady but like might as well. I mean it's cheap and I can't fuck it up too bad and you know, $40.
Thanks. Um Long time. Just second. I'm busy. Go away. Oh, that was my little sister. But yeah, It was, I've been wanting one. I wanted one when I was like in the 6th grade and I was like, man, I think those looks so cool. But then tumbler was also very popular. So I attributed exclusively than it was before. It was like a one that you would just see when you were walking around. I'm like, ooh, that's different, I want that. And then also in the 6th grade, I was like, man, I want to shake my head. That be so cool. My mom was like, you would look like you had cancer or you're in prison or a lesbian. And then look at where we are now. I have a shaved head exception piercing and a girlfriend. So I mean it's pretty close.
But
You too. I was really worried because there are like a video one and I'm like, You know, knowing my luck, I'd like they're going to pay it for me with some 40 year old guy that's going to be sitting
there and
everywhere.
And
Peter
because there's been some interesting people like the S. U. Study I did. It was like it was a zoom call. And so they had a bunch of different demographics I could tell because I was the only white person and I was the youngest one. And they had some like 70 year old lady And she was hilarious. And then there was one guy who was like Arizona has some rednecks and he was like, looks like he might be Hawaiian but was dressed up. It felt like someone dressed him up as a redneck. He was wearing a like maga hat and like a giant beard and was getting his truck fixed while he was on the zoom call. So he kept leaving and then he was like, had the camera down here and was smoking a cigarette. Everyone else looks nice, neat. Everyone's just sitting there talking about organic food and he's like, you know, I worked on a farm
literally. He was like, it was like, he's like chemical runoff means pussy liberals, they care about that. But I mean it's fine, my crops are great. I was okay. But it was so funny watching the old lady be like every time we talk, because you could like, it would change the screen whenever someone made a noise or if it was silent would just go between them. And so after he would talk, it would go to everyone's face and everyone just looked mildly discussed and in the middle of the interview because you have to stay for the whole thing to get the gift card. He was like, so it looks, I'm gonna need to stay here. Something else is wrong with my truck, but I gotta go take a shit so I'm gonna leave. And then like it was silent just in shock and it pans
with the old lady and she was like,
that one was,
we only did a couple because I feel like Arizona is really behind it. And it was like an optional thing just had to have like one assignment in a week. But the only one that got together was that I did on zoom was actually with my old theater troupe from senior year and then let's all do a Zoom call. And so I did and it was okay. But mostly because I can be like, oh what are you doing, what are you guys doing with your life? Because the second I was out of high school, I was out of high school. I was like okay let's take these like couple select people live with one of them, Talk to some of them occasionally and move on because I was so done with high school by the time I was in that troop that I was. But
you somehow I graduated.
No it wasn't. I mean I was in the I. B. Program so it was a diploma. So it
was not fun.
Okay. You try got me a scholarship. So that's all I can really ask for is mostly free tuition. Thank you. Well, it looks like it's about 11, so I think that we've done it and then I'm guessing we're just going to ask questions about the other person.
Thank
you.
Had retweet. It was very nice talking to you. Cole
of course.