Okay. I'll show you.
How are you doing today?
I'm doing well myself. Just got through cooking sunday dinner. Mhm.
I'm on Eastern
Eastern Time. Were you located at?
I'm in Tennessee. Uh I
have great very close friends that are from massachusetts. Um
And they the back and forth from here in Knoxville Tennessee and there but they're here for good now. Yeah.
No.
Have you ever been to Tennessee?
What?
Already help the pandemic down there.
I guess we're keeping our head above water as well. Um Trying to stay safe as possible. You know something we can do a lot of stuff that we're not able to do because of it. But besides that we're just keeping our head above water. Well
we
have more
so far so good. Um This weekend was really pretty, really slow this weekend. Just go on the rest and a lot of things that I needed to do and pretty much getting ready for tomorrow work. We
I'm a customer service rep. Mhm.
What type of work do you do?
So you're willing to learn about like scientific stuff?
Oh you want to be a doctor?
Okay so to be a doctor you have to go through chemistry, biochemistry and all of that. It takes about eight years to get it. Yeah.
How long how
long you've been in?
You're
three So you're about what? Please
see
you.
So you're about 24,
every
you're 20. I knew you were young. Yeah. When I was doing you got honestly I was like she old enough to be on here. Don't this message?
Uh That's what I thought you were in high school. Well that's still that's still that you looking out for your age. Mhm. So so your undergrad, so you're a junior and then golly. But then after you've been a senior though you're still gonna continue though, don't you? Yeah.
But but it's good money. And you always have you always have a job
that's good.
Yeah, I like doing what I do. Not, like I said, I work in a call center and I'm a customer service rep. The job I met, I've been with him for three years but and only stay with them this song because I like what I do. Um But I think that's about to move out my way because they don't pay me enough of what I do. Yeah. So I mean it's spreading my wings trying to find something else, but it's gonna be hard for me to break loose from because I really love the company, so it's gonna be hard for me to break loose, but I got to find something that's going to be able to pay these bills. Yeah.
well I could say it was good but now since the pandemic is not Mhm. There's a lot of a lot a lot of unemployed.
Um This is the highest rate that this other point rate spent in need some decades. Yeah the
it's pretty pretty much, I want to say it's a big industry but you got a little bit of taste, a little bit of everything. It's not it's not really a big city that I mean it's not really a big city out of Tennessee. I'm so like if you were in, I don't know if you ever heard of Nashville Tennessee? Nashville Tennessee is a bigger part of Tennessee. So there's a lot of opportunity there Knoxville is a lot of opportunity but not as much as you know a bigger bigger city or state. What are you doing right now? Homework?
Oh what reason why actions? I see you concentrate on the screen so I was one of you is doing homework.
Oh that's okay. I can start you doing homework you know doing two things at one time. Yeah.
Do you do this really often? Yeah.
Do you let's let's forget was about to say is this the only like survey stuff that you do or you do other things?
Yeah they're really good profile profile. A producer pro pro prolific.
Yeah they're they're really good company, yep. Well but actually we had Children I think that's a no by
the way my name is, my name is thomas, what was your name?
I said I was about to actually if you have Children but not down the scene we don't
Of course I have three.
I have one that's 13. 1 just turned 20 yesterday. No 21 yesterday.
And
And then I have one that started 20 in January,
Well my 13 year old he's 13 by age, 25. Everything else? Yeah you do any type of sports or anything while you're in school or you just straight focusing on your doctor degree
snowboard. So you get a lot of snow there.
And so
what about how many inches you snowboard in?
Yeah
so they have something like that up in uh a pigeon forge here. I wouldn't make fake snow and people go snowboarding the stuff I don't stop messages. I had a lot of snow down there.
Oh so you're gonna travel? How far you gonna travel?
Yeah so but so if you want you can have any inches that you'll get there.
Is
it a lot?
Hello?
How far does it cover your legs?
okay. So that's probably what it must be like the same here then because the reason I'm possessed you that I was about to say if you do a lot of snow, you had come here. I'll tell you what, why would they see busted on the ground? They're closing schools out. I mean you can just be a dust, you know, know where you can even slip and slide and they're calling school's out. So I just stopped down there. You might have a lot more snow than that. Yeah,
listen
to me. Go ahead.
Yes, it's not it's probably probably equal up to us then because like right now it should be really cold and we should be having some snow towards thanksgiving or christmas right now Right now we're here in 70 and 80°
there.
No, it was warm. Yeah, this is our winner right here. This is our winner right now, But at night time it's getting down down right now between 40 and 43, but right now, but the average november december, it should be below zero, it should be snowing. Like I said, this world today, I don't know what it's turning in soon because
we should be having a hot weather right now.
Well, if I was weather
was it? It's been like that pretty much all day. Yeah.
Okay.
Um Okay,
So is this 7:00 your time? Okay. Have you didn't have you did a lot of uh chat, Just go around this round right here.
Yeah, I had to people um basically no call, no show on me, you're my first one out of this realm.
And I usually wait five or 10 minutes, you know, for them to come on, but usually usually I hit every one of them. But this go around and people have really busy schedules. Yeah.
huh, yep. Hopefully this year, I really don't even know how the holidays are really going to turn out this year due to the pandemic. Usually we either go to my aunt's house or everybody coming in here and stuff like that, but with corona, I don't know.
it is.
anybody Louisiana right? I said I was in there, he's ready to uh fix his plate and he loves hot sauce on his chicken. So we uh I don't know if you get down with hot sauce or not, but there's like texas pete in Louisiana hot sauce.
So he loves texas pete, he don't like Louisiana, and Louisiana is the only thing that we got in there, so he's kind of mad now. Yeah.
Well.
Oh are you? What's your favourite 1?
You
like
Tabasco?
no.
It's like uh it's like a watery hot sauce.
Like
yeah Tabasco, you see a lot of debt in restaurants and that's
still
You my son for. Yeah.
Okay. Do you live do you live on campus or you say simple humble parents?
Are you gonna break right now?
Everything is online. Yeah. So you're you live in massachusetts. We go to school in California. So how far is school from home?
All right.
So they use driver flight?
goodness. Yeah. Um I have a cousin who lives in California. She is, I always want to say she's she's in the nursing I mean and the hospital field um at one point she was assistant with delivering babies. And then now I think she's like a due to the pandemic. I think she's answering calls from uh from home. Be giving them advice on if they need to go to the er uh you know tell them about their symptoms and stuff. I think I think she's O. B. G. Y. N. I want to say she moved from here to go there to work first. She was a traveling her she's traveled all the way around the world. Yeah and she ended up in California.
So do you ever go back up there since you're since you're online and you just stay at home?
I understand that. What's wrong? They came um Yeah California my son. He goes up there a lot to see my cousin like a winter break spring break stuff like that. And then she she flies down here to see us. She her mom and her brother. I wouldn't mind going to California but I'm scared of a playing. No, I don't think I would do planes pretty well driving it from here there. This I think it's three days
I think it's 3-4 days from here to California. Yeah
expense. Right.
Different
places. Mhm.
Okay. Would you like to cook?
But you love to eat the right. Uh huh. Well we're having Children you you learn from somewhere so I love being and I'm like cooking but sometimes it just worries you that when you're the only one cooking and you're cooking for a whole bunch of people. So like sometimes I'd be like can you, can you cut, what am I gonna cook up with? Somebody I want to cook um do a lot of american food. Uh I like I like mexican food but I really so like tacos nachos and stuff like that. I can do. Um There's a certain dish that we always get from the mexican place. I love it. Um It's called, is that ACP? I think it's the initials like 80 people. What it is is rice case. So chicken. What's gonna happen in case So and then building upward. But it's really good. But then I always add shrimp and stick to it. But but I love k. So okay so and then I like uh italian food mm the regular spaghetti, you know stuff like that I haven't had no. Uh Oh I love um what is that called? Uh goodness. Doesn't like blank. How about you? Like how about you?
But japanese? Who? Mhm.
My son loves it. You like sushi.
You will see I can have a collar by itself. You know, I just cut it down the middle, take the seed out, fill it, put some salt and pepper on and eat it just like that. Yeah, but I can't do sushi because the only thing I think of as raw fish.
Yeah. But who uh it's about really what I like, Is there a certain type of food that you like?
What type of, what's your favorite dish? It mexican? No.
Yes. Mhm.
Oh, you're a woman. There was something else that I meant to ask you earlier, we were talking about the school. Um so it's cool if school was in, you live on base, you live there
or?
That's good with the online in school, do you get a lot of help if you need it all?
yeah, that's because my son, he's doing um um working from, I'm learning from home as well, and it's hard and it's uh it's hard to communicate with the teachers and try to get assistance, but but I think that what do you do in middle school and high school, they need to be open and and available to assist, you know? But it's kind of hard though everybody's and it's different trying to get used to this different way of living. So I guess we just got to work it up the best way we can. Yeah.
You
know,
leaning
it.
Yeah. Yeah. You know, I want to, cause since this is his last year in middle school, which is in 8th grade, so he'll be a freshman next year. Uh So bad. I want him to go back to school to get some more hands on before he moved up because victor that I'm great, but I'm just so scared of the covid, uh, what? Because they've grade. I mean, it starts once you get the high school, that's when everything really matters. You know, and you're gonna, you need some tools to go to take along with you and like you then with the linear inside with the teacher being so linear, I feel like he's not getting really already needs, you know? Yeah,
that's
But what it is, what it is, what it is. I think on this chapter, work with him the best way I can because I work from home as well at the time that I'm working from home, he's in school, so I really can't give him my undivided attention because I'm doing something
and
that's true.
This,
this is what really matters. You hit it right on the nose. Yeah.
Well, mm.
Oh, how are we?
I didn't even look at the time. I
wasn't paying attention
to
it.
Yeah. I mean, yeah, I would even paying attention to it. Right? Yeah.
So, uh, what part of massachusetts you live in?
Oh, that's kind of weird because I've got to say boston too in boston. A big, big city.
Are you, are you going to raise their, Okay.
Well, it was good talking to you, Emma.
You do the same. And uh, best wishes with your schooling and help
get where to where you want to be in life. And I think you got your head on your shoulders and you will succeed.
Yes, ma'am. Thank you so
much on you have a, you have a blessed not. Okay.