Hello? Can you hear me? Yeah,
I'm doing well, thanks. How about yourself?
Are you on coast time?
Yeah, I mean, Yeah,
I'm in massachusetts. How how about you? Right.
Okay.
What's up?
Nice to. Have you have you gotten the chance to visit massachusetts?
I've
been through
it, but never, never to Tennessee on a road trip. Yeah.
It's all right. Uh A lot of people are taking it pretty seriously, so we're doing all right. How about you guys?
I
have
that the most important thing right now. Did you have a good weekend?
What do you do at work?
no.
I'm a student, so I'm starting biochemistry, so Not really. Yeah.
yeah, yeah, I'm hoping to be a doctor in the future, so
Yeah, so I'm I'm a biochem major and I'm also pre med.
it does. It's quite
well
I'm still an undergrad, so this is your three, my junior right now
and
so
I got a
wild left.
No, No,
I'm I'm An Underground, So I'm 20.
no, it's like a lot of people, even at university think I'm like a high school or something.
four more years after that, so. Mhm.
Yeah, and I'm really interested in it, so
yeah, there's passion there.
No, how's the job market in Tennessee?
Yeah. Yeah, we're getting much of that here as well.
What?
Um No, I don't have homework right now, but I do have finals coming up pretty soon.
Oh no, sorry, I I just got like a facebook notification that I was looking at.
I'm multitasking. Yeah. And
occasionally uh it's just it's kind of fun and it's it's a nice extra cash so now.
Yeah, that's the only like platform I use because I don't know, I feel like you would just take a lot of time to find other ones that are that are good quality and stuff so.
Yeah, I think so.
What?
I'm Emma Yeah.
No, no, I don't. Yeah. What about you?
What are the ages?
Happy birthday or happy
bulletin,
wow. So mostly mostly teenagers are older. Yeah.
I used to snowboard. Not not a ton right now but like over the brakes. I love to do that.
Uh we get some, I usually have to drive a little bit away. Yeah,
so
Oh uh I don't know, I go out of it is honestly they make the snow with snow guns. Yeah.
Right, it's not
we do don't have great mountains, like we're pretty flat, so I usually go up to Vermont,
it's like two hours driving. It's not bad,
I honestly I'm so bad about this. I really don't know, like I
I couldn't,
it's
a moderate amount,
It's it's really, it fluctuates so much, it it snows for like two days straight and then it's 45°,, so it all melts, so it never really accumulates like in Colorado or in Minnesota where it stacks super high, it's just snow is a few inches and it melts and the snow is a few more inches and then it melts.
Yeah, we I think we're we have a little bit more were also like super prepared for snow, so yeah,
we
Sorry? Uh we just don't have like a ton of snow days, usually even when it snows.
wow, it's pretty, is that
for this time of year is that pretty standard?
What?
Yeah that's just
right now let me check. It is um it's 46.
Yeah it's been pretty constant and it was it was kind of stunning out so yeah it is a tiny bit warmer than normal at this point of year but nothing real extreme. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah,
I think this is my third. Yeah.
Oh well I'm glad to have been here, I wonder why people just don't show.
does feel like a frantic time of year, just like the holiday season coming up, I'm sure you get that in customer service like blocks during black friday time, you know?
Yeah. Yeah just good to be on the safer side but it does get challenging especially when you want
and stuff. Yeah.
Yeah, I know those
yeah I'm
a huge hot sauce fan so
mm I don't know there's there's a one from I don't know I'm simple just Tabasco.
That's
correct.
I do I know you don't
need it. I know a lot of people hate it but for some
it
didn't. Yeah
I also
like tapatio I think it's how you pronounce it. Yeah
got a lot of that in the house as well
right now I'm home with my parents. Normally I go to school actually in California so yeah a ton of good mexican food there just my heart's has addiction so yeah.
Uh No we're just we're just online completely.
I think it's 3000 miles. Yeah it's
power flight.
Um A little bit of both. So in the beginning and the end of the year I'll drive because I like to have my car with me but I would uh I would fly back for breaks.
Yeah it's a nice place. The weather is really nice.
Yeah I've just been staying at home. It's been a lot of a lot of cases in L. A. Specifically so I don't really want to go right into that but. Yeah.
Yeah it's a long
it's
Um I actually one of the times I took the southern route so I went down like through Tennessee like through Georgia tech get there. Um The fastest route is through midwestern states like Ohio and indiana and stuff but if I take a different route it makes it a little bit more enjoyable to see some states I haven't been in before. Yeah food from
so.
definitely.
Oh, I am so bad at cooking, I'm really bad at cooking, so I don't really particularly enjoy it. What about now?
like japanese?
Yeah, that's that's good. Do you like sushi at all? Yeah,
I I like vegetarian sushi, I'm not a huge raw fish person, but I like things to avocado or a cucumber.
yeah, I get that, yeah,
besides mexican, uh just really anything with pasta or noodles or something in that realm, so yeah,
I would say like a taco plate with rice and beans in case, so, so pretty simple. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I would,
I would probably live in an apartment building off campus because they have quite limited on campus housing for upperclassmen, but definitely within a one or two mile radius at the school. Yeah.
Not really because people are just, it's harder to communicate online and to schedule times to talk because everyone's known different time zone to good.
I think
I
think that the teachers are understanding how hard it is for everyone. So they're being a little bit
I meant
and kind and stuff like that, so that's great. Yeah. Hopefully that you're seeing that in the high school or middle school or wherever your son goes.
Not getting some of the soft skills and the socialization and stuff that
you need. Yeah.
Mhm. Always everyone's
in the same boat and he's not being left behind,
everyone's gonna
look.
Yeah. Sick.
It seems like we're almost done
pretty close to rapid. Uh
I
just
thought
for the first time this this I said I just just look just now, but I was like completely lost in time before that.
yeah,
It's about two or 3 miles outside of Boston.
It's it's a medium sized city. Yeah,
Mhm.
Yeah, it was great to meet you. I hope you have a great week.
Thank you.
Well, all right, good luck to your son and hopefully you find a job that pays you what you deserve. Right?
What?
You too. Bye.