What's up?
I'm
not just
gonna
got up, um, do this. I don't know what.
And so are you on the west Coast?
He's asked again in the West Coast. So I would, What's your name?
Nana. I'm Jackson. Nice to meet you.
Let me set an alarm real quick so we can make sure we hit that. I think it said 25 minutes. Yeah.
Okay. Sure.
I
know.
I feel like that's what the test is. Like, it's for, uh, to see how people do small talk, I imagine because or else they would give you something. I know. I just said, what did the prompts a before? It was just like, I thought they were gonna, yeah, I thought from reading the last thing that they were going to tell you certain things to talk about. But then like the last page before I started this was just like, all right, good luck. Excuse
me.
Yes. Mm hmm. Um, I'm not working right now. I'm in between. I just kind of graduated, um, college took me a while. Um, I graduated with history degree pre credential. So I'm trying to be a teacher, so I'm actually right now, I stopped applying to do this, but I'm in the middle of applying to go to my credentials somewhere. What about you? Okay.
Okay.
That's where I was at. That's where I was at. I I took so long in school. I like didn't know. I probably shouldn't have started going to school uh, right after high school because I had no idea what I wanted to do. So I wasted like my first two years of college, but it was fun.
I had a fun time while I was wasting all my
time. Um
yeah. Yeah, exactly. That's what I thought too. And then like I realized I probably would have ended up saving money in the long run if I did, I guess. No. Yeah.
Um
Yeah,
I don't know. It's so early. I can't even I can't even think right now.
I don't know why I selected that time on there and I knew when I when I selected it, I was like if this is gonna be because I just selected like they were like three days where I was doing nothing including today, so I just like hit all the time periods and I was like as soon as I hit next, I was like you dumb ass.
Yeah. That's funny
man. So did you have class today too? And now
fisherman, let's go.
What year are you in school?
Yeah. Cool.
Oh yeah,
my favorite color, probably green. I don't know. I like outdoor stuff so uh I feel like that's the psychology behind why it's green, but I don't know. There's always
been dreaming about you. Yellow.
That's
for
everyone. All right. No one says yellow. I feel like I feel like everyone goes red, blue or green.
Man? I wonder if they're actually going to watch all of these things you think? So?
I feel like they have like what's the point of this? I feel like it has to be they go back and review it and I feel like they're trying to see what things people talk about, but there's no way they're going to be able to go through like
however
pain conversation.
That's a good question too. I don't know. I don't know. Whatever this app is a hero. K. U. App dot com. Maybe they maybe they have some way of tracking it, but I have no idea.
I
know. I know half of these things that I do. I'm just I just do these like surveys because I'm like in like the semester where I'm doing nothing right now. So um but I probably won't do this after that. But uh every time I'm like doing this I'm like who's actually like? I did one a couple days ago, that was like a 90 minute one. And um this one was pretty long too. I think I. No no no this is just a long but I do like a 90 minute one and I was like there's no way they're going through every single answer that I've done and like 1000 other people have done for like 90 minutes. Yeah.
No I know I know some of them are just, some of them are terrible. I've got the same one like 10 times some soft drink one. It's
like take a picture with it in the the confirmation uh like questions to check if you're actually paying attention are like the dumbest things. Did you take a picture with the soft drink? Did you take a picture of yourself? Did you so dumb? Who's
going through
all
these?
Oh, I didn't
know you could do that.
I know, I know some of them are, some of the attention checks are like ridiculous. It'll be like like the other day it was like go through like a whole like website and then it was like um what our, was it published or something? It's like I didn't check that.
This
is
the only one I've tried and it's been pretty good. I went on like Reddit beer money and tried
to figure out what
Yeah. I wonder, I bet you this is like prolific is going to blow up soon. I feel like because all the other ones sprinklers are going off. Um all the other ones are like uh yeah, like five cents for something and this one is like $2 for a survey and I'm surprised it's not bigger than it is right now. I'm surprised I'm still able to get certain
surveys.
I know. Yeah.
then it's in the british pounds. So like
I
didn't even realize that I was like, like when I send it over to like paypal, I was like, oh, I actually have like 25% more than I thought. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know. Um let's see. I don't know. What else are you doing today? Uh huh.
Get
You
like
your,
all of your spring break worker or winter break work
man.
That's
what
I
did.
Yeah that's what I was so lazy with buying textbooks that I would like not by them at all. And like like I would just either try to find free ones online or um sometimes I would if the professor is a terrible professor, I would just write about a topic if they were like if they were like chapter five like it's about I don't know, I did history so it was like the Syrian um uh I don't know something I just google that and I type and I'd be like this person thought this and I just totally make it up and they'd never check. So I don't know how I got away with not buying so many textbooks, but I bought like a quarter of them. Like didn't buy my.
It was the worst. Well I would also just I don't I don't know I I really don't know how I did it either. It was uh I would just I would just write down in class when the teacher would be like well this uh this book will tell you that this happened in this book will tell you that their opinion is this. And I just write that down and I would just be s like if I had to do like a page a night for like like a chapter review, I just like I just take the sentence that the teacher said and expand on it for an entire page and repeat and repeat. I was such a terrible student, but I
did all
I know I had a thesis last year that I could do that was like 40 pages or something and I typed it out and I did it on, I typed it out on google docs and then when I had to move it over to word, it shortened it by like three pages. So I just ended up going back and like saying the
same sentence over again and it was totally I mean I still got a good grade on it, but I was like I knew my, the first thing I wrote was solid and then I was like now that I went back and did all this, it probably like ruined the whole rest of my thesis, but I will the
past.
Yeah. What do you know what years is going to be on?
Yeah, definitely. I know what that feels like. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know until I was like a quarter of the way through my thesis class. It was like a full year. Um And I thought I was going to do something and I totally changed it up at the end. But yeah, it's definitely super stressful. Just trying to figure out your thesis at the beginning. But once you get a flow going it's it's not it's not as bad as it seems. Yeah.
But
actually
yeah. Yeah. I feel that you're sure. Oh man. All right. We're the 12 minute mark.
We're halfway there. Oh
World War Three. Anti climactic.
Well it was it was it was like two days ago. I was like yep it's going to happen. And then yesterday I was like oh all right, so we're it's just sanctions.
I
get shot down and something
that was crazy that like everything looked like it was over and then there happened to be like what looks like it was probably a freak accident of the plane from Iran getting shot down. It looks like I think from what I've seen it looks like Iran's anti missile like technology accidentally like shot down
the plane.
So like it's just
such like everything doesn't all the news doesn't feel real anymore. Like pre 2016 all the news was like normal, regular same thing every day. But now it's like there's no way that
that's
real.
we're in a stimulation.
That's
what I
was thinking
too. I know when I watched the trump's speech yesterday and when he was like when he tweeted the day before and was like, it's all good. Everything's good. I was like, no, no, no, this isn't a part in like the movie where you think that everything's good. Like the horror movie where you're like, all right, the bad guys gone and all of a sudden next thing you know, it's like a slasher film the last 30 minutes. Yeah. Who knows? It could still be headed to World War Three.
Yeah. I don't know if anyone would. I mean, I think Iran did threaten to attack us directly though, but they've been threatening us for like since the fifties really. So I think we're all right.
They have.
Yeah. Yeah. There's funny things that you could just avoid. I mean if I got drafted then um, the G I. Bill would pay off all my student loans, right? So maybe it maybe
it be, maybe we should hope for World War Three. No
student
loans.
Yeah. I would probably go to prison to or come up with some excuse. Find some religion that says you can't kill anyone and say that
I've been my whole
life.
Yeah, that's a good one. That's a good one.
That's funny. Military guys. Yeah, I don't know. I was really convinced that World War Three, what's going to happen for a while and then uh no, I'm pretty sure there's no way that was, it was just so funny that it was so hyped up and then both sides were like, nah. No, no. Yeah,
he
means,
I know I saw someone on my facebook posted, someone, someone some girl that's in the military posted some long thing that was like, you guys need to stop with the memes. Um For some of us this is serious. It's like, yeah, but also, but also you can't stop memes. Uh
I know, I know they're not offending anyone. They're they're usually bad memes. The World War three memes or like the where is the easiest names to make?
I just thought that
one
that was a good one. Those are good on the inside that one. Yeah,
I doubt it. I think it's over now. But uh how the history books are going to be good on the twenties almost war for like three days.
And then like the
Cuban
missile
crisis
has been stupid or more stupid stupider.
No.
so I was wondering what he would do after presidency. That sounds exactly like something that you would do.
Open up trump university again and only have text books that he's written.
They're written like remember when he um what was the topic? I forget what the topic was? He was giving some speech and the cameras caught um what he had written on his paper and it was all like misspelled and like circles and stuff like like a like a Kindergartner almost like just wrote round like
the
textbooks
would just be like that. The dubious cripples.
I can't wait till like people start people from like his cabinet or his administration like end up posting their like publishing like um their own dirt on everything afterwards because it's going to be great because there's all the rumors that he's like like addicted to Adderall and Suda Fed and stuff so that will come out for sure once once he's like not president anymore if someone will be like. Yeah. Yeah that was true.
That
picture
is
crazy that he posted, oh new studies available and um he posted a picture um like when he was running for president of the uh it was like him. It was, what day was it was a Cinco de Maya or something. You posted a picture with a taco uh, salad thing or whatever. And then
in the
back
and you see
that ensured behind it. That was, that was when I was like, no way this is real.
I
think
it was british.
Yeah. Yeah. It was a british Suda fed that you can't get over here. That was crazy.
And it was
so
many boxes.
I
know.
I
had to
go
back
to his instagram and I was like, no, this is, this is real. This is what you posted.
Yeah, that was crazy because that there's no, there's no excuse for that. If you have a bunch of half open boxes of Suda
Fed.
Someone, someone posted something. Some like source said that like, yeah, he goes from like a, like a downer on suit offense. So he has like two different major moves that you will see. And it's like his Adderall mood, which is when he's all hyped up and like, you know, posting that, he's gonna kill whoever or whatever. And then there's a suit of fed mood where he's like super calm and like tired looking and ever since I saw, I was like that, I'm not like a believer in conspiracy theories, but that makes sense. Yeah,
yeah. Yeah. But he's never drank alcohol. He says so good on
him for that.
Yeah, that would be better drunk drunk tweets from trump at like three a.m.
Yeah, that's
true.
Yeah. Well he didn't even officially notify him. They just found out from, yeah, the tweet, which is not what you're supposed to do. He told like lindsey Graham and like on a golf course a couple of days before that he was going to do it. And then
he said that counter is telling Congress was like, no, you can't tell one's one senator and then tweeted out like the next day.
I know.
It
doesn't
feel real what
it actually
feels
like.
I know, I know. It feels like, I mean like the, is it the Third Back to the Future? The second one where they go to the future and it's like not
beth is in charge and he like owns all the hotels and he's president. It's like 100% that's just like trump. And I as a kid, I remember seeing that movie and like loving the First Back to the Future and then being like, this isn't, there's no way that would happen. And then now that happened. No
thanks.
I know. That's what's crazy is that like a lot of the older generations are like cool with it. But it's like if anyone, they should know that it's not normal for us. It's a chunk of our life so far. You know, it's a percentage of our life for theirs. It's not not that big a percentage. They've had relatively normal politics their whole life. So evolved people, they should be able to tell how
weird this is it. I don't know.
red. It always goes back to like when the, uh, the like republicans freaked out over him wearing a tan suit. I was like, yeah, there's no way they would let any of this stuff slide. But
yeah, that's it. That's it. But, but yeah, yeah, I am convinced for a, we're in a simulation or I'm in a simulation. You might not be real.
Do you watch Rick and morty? You know?
I
don't really watch I don't really watch it much either. But I've seen a couple episodes and one of them is like that he goes in like a simulation for like what's like 15 seconds and like it's like a video game and it's like 15 seconds in real life that he actually lived like an entire life. So he comes out of it and he's like freaking out. I was like I feel like that's going to happen. I mean at one point it's going to be like 2015 again like
Coming out of like
a VR VR headset off and I'm fine.
That
was
No, because I get sent to like an insane asylum and then while I'm there it starts happening.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He has everything mapped out of how the what was it how the janitor, I
forget what happened.
Pepper. Was it Pepper?
Yeah. HEPA Sylvia. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. We'll see. We'll see how everything goes in the next few months. But uh yeah, all the other countries are doing terrible. Too right,
sweeter.
Like the happiest country. Right. I think. All right. We have 25 minutes. Good. How do what do we do now? How does this
and
just
exit out? Okay, cool.
Well,
nice to meet you by