Oh,
what's up? Nothing much. How about you?
I'm
up
there.
So I set an alarm
east.
Anna
Nice to meet you.
Okay.
Yeah. It was kind of hoping they'd give us like a prompt or like questions or something, but
they
didn't.
So I don't
know uh um What do you do?
I'm in school right now. I'm studying communications. Yeah.
I don't know. I don't know what I want to do. I think I'll figure that out when I graduate.
Sam
No.
I really wanted to do like a gap year, but I just didn't have the money to waste my time like that.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Is it like 7:30? Right? Oh God.
no, I just did this time window for like yesterday and today. I was like if it doesn't happen, it doesn't happen. I'm not waking up early
to them.
Uh No, I'm my winter break until next week. Yeah,
I'm dreading it and all. I can't prepare my mind for it.
I'm a junior. Yeah. So almost done. Thank God.
Mhm.
Uh So, what's your favorite color?
probably
All about
the
sun.
True. Yeah. Although I've never met somebody whose favorite color is red. I'd probably like, give me a little cautious,
Um I had no idea they were going to watch them, but I guess so.
I
just
Does the time stamp it. How do they know we, like say the full 25 minutes?
I would
not want that job.
I think my roommate did that one because she was on her computer for a while and we're like, we both do it just to make extra money. And some of them are like why? Like what is the point of this?
that's the one I was gonna bring up. Yeah.
I
did
one.
It was like it was it was like weather phobia or something last night and it was like the attention check question was asking about whether in Canada which off the top of my head like right away. I don't know. So I said, I don't know and they're like this is an attention check. You did this wrong. Yeah, but like I just like restarted the page and like recently that it was fine. But
like
yeah, on that one I could I don't know about any other ones, but on that one they let me it was just so stupid.
You know this is the only like survey site that I found that I can actually like make at least a little bit of money on though. So I stuck
with
it
until
we found it. Yeah, that's how I found it. Oh God. Yeah.
Like
yeah And when I found out I was really surprised and like it actually went through I think like the first I started doing it last year and I think after like three months I made $100 and I'm surprised that like that actually went through to my bank account and everything.
I was like okay let's all work. Mhm.
You get
more?
Yeah mm.
I have to clean my room, I have work tomorrow so I have to get all my stuff done for school like done
today. I don't know I made
it to do list but
I forgot what
I put.
Uh Yeah, I just have to make sure I have all my like supplies and textbooks. Uh I checked like the textbook left the other day and it was like $300 is what it's gonna cost
me. So I'm really, I'm just not going to buy any of them until the first day of classes, but it's
just
gonna
screw
me over.
Yeah, I had uh I had like a socialism history class last year and I think I needed eight different textbooks just for that one class. Like I don't know how you got to like not buying any.
no,
that takes a lot of talent. Oh God. I wish I could do that. I think like I always get below the paper minimums and I can never like I can't elaborate any more than I do originally, so it sucks. I wish I could do that.
my
I'm
not looking forward to my thesis.
No. Which makes it even more daunting.
I just have to like, I can't even think about school. I have to be thrown into it otherwise like I will just psych myself
out and get way to stress. But
I'm also like, I need to prepare.
No.
I have a topic of World War Three.
it is not.
Mhm. Oh, no. I'm like fully prepared. I heard a plane go over my apartment the other day and I was like, oh my God, like what's going
on?
Yeah. Because I heard sirens after it and I was like, like, I don't know what's going to happen.
But
I think. Yeah.
my
No,
it's
just It's been going way downhill since 2016. Oh
Yeah. Well like I can't even like, oh, it's like calm down now, Like no, I'm like, that means something is the biggest thing to happen. Look
up ahead
of
anything.
Yeah. And like I have like, I don't know what to expect if it's a world war. Like I don't even know what I was talking to my roommate about it. And she was like, well, like, I don't even know like what would happen like if some other country like broke into the country or like terrorized. It's not like, well, have you ever seen Red Dawn? Like that's what I would picture. Like, that's what I would picture.
I just don't even know what I would do. Like I was talking
about it with my mom and I was like, should I stop paying my student loans if we're going to be in a world war because I feel like that won't be a priority. Like I'd be fine keeping that money in my account every month. Yeah.
maybe.
I always
assumed
if like, I know they don't draft girls, but I was like, they might change it. Like they're probably going to change it. I was like, I would just rather go to prison. Like I would not want to be in the military.
Tell
them you
have asthma.
I texted my best friend. I was like, okay, so here's the plan. I'm going to go to jail. I'm not going to be drafted or you're gonna come with me, right? And she said no because like military guys, it's like you would die.
Uh There's
been
so many memes on it that like I lost track of what's real and what's not.
Like why would you want to stop though?
Yeah, there was so many, there was like one I think the first one I saw was trump asking Siri to like see how many miles he ran and he was like
sending
missiles every
no fingers crossed. We don't die
or
it's
going to completely
ignore
it.
I'm just
picturing trump like buying a textbook company and having them right, only favorable things about him and like all false stuff.
Yeah. He'd go like into retirement making sure his legacy stays unfiltered.
Not even in textbooks to like e books then.
We're going a
little
nap in.
What if he keeps like journals in his office and they just published those and it's all like drawings with like cran like I hate you were bombing you.
I hope that
would
make my
day.
Like
the
drawer behind
him.
But it wasn't even like american suit offend or something. It was like a different country
that has
higher
strength.
I
thought
it was
fake when I saw it. But
there
is
that
there's
no
way.
No.
He
gets really bad allergies. Okay.
because all coked up all the time.
No,
he doesn't need it.
I feel like they're already drunk tweets.
I think
today he notified congress about the missiles through tweets.
my
Oh my God. He's just been the past couple years have just been a fever dream
and
I just want to wake up
from it.
It's
bizarre.
Like
how much you can get away with.
I don't know.
It's bizarre And I try and talk to my parents about it. I'm like you don't
see it, like you don't understand this is not right.
No,
and I was like politics aside, like imagine if Obama was the one doing all this shit and like how it would be christ like
They were just jealous. He looked so good in it.
You're just making me up right now. Mm
I'm
sorry.
Yeah, you're gonna wake up from a coma.
It's
Oh no, the worst thing would be you wake up with all of this knowledge and you freak out and you tell everybody all the doctors, they don't believe you. And it happens anyways, you
just
have to live through it again.
Yeah, you're that you're the that scene of charlie and always funny where he's like like pointing at the wall.
It
was like the stealing the mail or something. Oh God,
I think so. Yeah.
Oh God. I don't know. I just I need to get through school and I need to get away. Like I need to get out of this country.
think I'll go to Sweden. It's
like, they don't they never have anything wrong with them.
I think we
just
x out.
Okay,
bye.