Hello.
I
know,
I'm good, how are you?
had the same problem. I
and I am and I almost didn't show up. I was like, no one's gonna show up, it's just worth a dollar 50 to do.
Yeah, I guess, you know there's so many things that I mean like for me, I had technical issues the first couple of the first round of this, I was like what's happening? Why can't I do this? And you know, and then I am, I figured I could do it on my phone, which is much better than my laptop.
And
Oh no, I know. Uh But we can still talk. You can still hear me though, right,
Yeah. You know, we could still get the $15 or whatever by telling. I'm sorry. Yeah.
I can totally see you though. Right.
I just disturber but I'm afraid that I might get kicked off. But we'll keep like what?
Good, good. So how is your weekend so far? Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh no, I
live in a condo, so I have people to do that for me, so
all
No,
wow. It just it seemed like it just multiply.
Yeah, I mean and then, you know, and one year I, my furnace went out, my refrigerator went out, my central air went out so I could get all three replace one year and it was like, oh my washer and dryer, my I accidentally set my trier on fire. Yeah, it was it was I cleaned up the event and then um there's still pieces of uh lynch so I took a compressed air to blow it out and compressed air is a chemical that is uh yeah, whatever the fire starts state or something doing my my my dryer was on fire. It was, it was, that's great.
Yeah. Yes. So do I buy a professional now? I have someone come out because I live on the fifth floor beside for walk up. So, uh, I can't do it myself. I tried, but I just can't do it. Okay.
I live in Chicago.
Yeah, I live right on the lake. I was uh, the beach is really about two blocks away from my house. I like it. Yeah,
grew up about 30 miles from here. And then, um, I uh, when I went to undergrad, uh, well, actually, I left here, my secret here to go to England to study. And then I, yeah, I had to get out of my home. Exactly. Great. So
what? Hello? Oh
my gosh. I was like, what disappeared? Can you see me now? Where?
okay, we're back.
Yeah, I started abroad and then I came back, I went to uh undergrad in Illinois, and then I went to grad school out east in Connecticut, and then um then I toured uh which shows I'm a stage manager, I went to school for a stage management, and uh and then I got a job at the second city in Chicago, which is a comedy theater where like Tina fey started or steve Colbert. Uh Yeah, and then I've been here ever since. Yes, do I? Uh huh. Mhm. And my frozen again. Oh no, I'm here,
I'm
well right now, there's no theater anywhere right now, so yeah, so I'm not working right now, and I'm okay with that right now. I mean, I need a break for a long time, and this is, I think the world is giving me a break, wouldn't
you?
Yeah, While estate sales, I'm sure that's uh some probably some of them, you know your some of your clients had are having some of the worst times of their lives or their best times mm
because.
Alright, badly Dickinson come to people who are probably needed. Okay,
I
don't know right,
what
I have a story for you then. So my my I was just strange from my my mother before she died and she died a year ago in august correct just died and her husband's brother content id me going, hey um the trailer was only in your mom's name, so I guess what you get, you have a trailer now and my husband and I went down to look at it, it was horrid. Uh there's so much stuff in there but from you know and uh I just I shocked how much someone can own. I came back here, I got rid of so many of my own stuff, I don't need this anymore. Yeah, Okay,
that's
huh
I
think
Yeah, even her trailer, I was going to uh see my options and uh the sales person at the park that she was in, so you can just signed the lease over to me or the title to me and you know, I'll just take care of it, and I was like, really no money or anything. She's like, no, no, no, you're on the housing, you, I'm like, oh, uh
huh,
about a year now, it's my favorite one
because it pays.
well
it's for your
money.
Yeah, I am. Uh yeah, I've done um like on my phone, I I do Hatch, which is uh one of my favorite apps from things like this, but it's not it's it pays uh oddly it's like you can wait a month to get paid for something, so I don't like that, but I like that, it's uh it pays better than most.
East or what is it called?
Come,
I don't know.
Good.
I
want to look into that. I am I uh what does, there's another one I used to do, but uh where I would get products and I release for the products for uh amazon what it was kind of Katie though, because
No,
I don't. Mhm.
No.
No.
that's not
that's not bad at all, and that's your
I'm gonna write that down right now because I will forget.
Project,
And I hate those that they asked the same questions like 20 times, and and like, and I don't understand why they just can't keep our answers on file for things like that.
I
can't tell you how many times I'm like, no, I do not have kids, or no, I don't have anyone living here under the age of 18. No. You know, it's like, yeah.
Right. Yes. Yeah. I don't know this uh this uh trying to, you know, patched things together for money thing is kind of new to me, so it's like, yes, I don't
want.
Yeah. Oh, I've done that. I got kicked off of it for some reason. Right,
No,
on.
Yeah. I got um I even got in trouble with prolific because there's been a couple of surveys where I get kicked out because I uh, my answers are not matching my profile answers and uh, and I explained to them, you know, that whole matter thing, you know? Uh you know, today I might be a nine, but tomorrow I might be a six.
Yeah. So I'm not, I'm not fibbing or I'm not making things up. I'm just saying that in this day and age that uh you know, who knows what strung of the latter I'm going to be.
Yeah, I am. I I will totally admit that when I started this, I I was I not prolific but other places. Um I was on a Reddit group and they told Reddit group, they said, you know, if you were hispanic and uh make this amount of money and I have kids, you'll get, you know, you'll do well. So I tried that and I couldn't remember anything of my life. So like I kicked out of many of them. Uh huh. I'm like, how many do I have?
Oh no. You know, so I uh like prolific. I'm like, I I tried to tell the truth no matter what because I'm not good at remembering even the truth sometimes. So back.
Thank
you.
Yeah, I did. I'm ready to. I've done a lot of them. They have like uh they have listening to surveys that you could just apply for. Um And uh and
I, you know, I've done a couple of those and you know, luckily living in Chicago, there's many of them here. And then you know, it's like get your I tested for, you know, just 50 bucks and go out. You know, I need to do that. So why not? I'll do it. So what what part of uh where do you live?
North Carolina? my uncle there to retire.
He's like, he drove me all the time to come out there and uh one day I will
thank
you.
All
all
And you have great barbecue?
Yeah, That's
I think.
I like that, you know. Exactly, you know, pretty unhappy riles people up in Chicago. So uh
yeah, the winters here are horrible. But uh yeah, but uh but yeah, it seems like Wally is a great like if you're banking, uh you know, north Carolina is the place to be right now.
birth
and it's good shooters there, which surprised me. Yeah.
So how have you been that, covid, have you been in lockdown at all, or? Uh
I have. Good.
But
Ground.
Okay. Yeah. We're uh monday we have new restrictions put on, so I'm so excited. Yeah.
Yes. They say it's going to be, you know, well, over a year for the vaccine to get into everybody. So that's going to be
Yeah. Being 46. I still don't expect to get a vaccine anytime soon either. So it's a, you know, I think I'm
sorry. You're talking over you. Yeah.
One thing I've been doing, I've been I've been making that I'm using.
Yeah. So I I just make and the crazy nests for friends.
Just I guess I just needed something to do. And so I I've tried, you know, I've taken class. I uh oh,
well for um I started just t shirts because uh that was, yeah, tons of t shirts never were using in that then. I I just wanted to uh just what they liked in that. And so it's a it's cotton and you know, it's a, you know, it's, you know, I never know what fabric is the best because they change every day. You know,
do I I feel like if I still done that, it would be a job and I wouldn't want to do it. Yeah.
you know, right now, I'm trying to design the smallest mask possible. So because I work glasses usually, and I don't always, my glasses are horrible with a mask, so I have to uh
and you know, if you go small, you comfortable?
Yeah.
No, no, I am, yeah, I am. I leave only for if I have to. So if I, you know, if I have to go get blood work, you know, I can't do it from here. So I have to go and give it at the moment. But I will do my power. I do about my all my doctor's appointments are on zoom. Mhm.
What?
No, no, no. You
know I'm working from home. People are told that it would be a bad idea. You know before Covid and now I think it might be the standard. It's cheaper to have people work from home and for people. Yeah.
Okay. But we hit that next moments were at 5 25.
I know I'm so happy. I'm like, look at this time. Well we we we made it and I felt like we just talked another hour. Yeah.
And we didn't even talk about politics. I mean, that's amazing. Okay.
You two have fun showing up this uh survey at the end. It's boring as hell.
Well, I'll have a great rest of the weekend and and enjoy your leaves. Okay,
bye
bye.