Mhm. Yes. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm.
Hey, how
are
you?
Mhm. Good. I'm glad to see you. I've tried to do this like three times already and uh you're the first person to actually show up. Yeah.
This
Exactly. I would show up and and sit around for 10 minutes and finally just give up. Um And each time I've done this round uh four or five rounds I've done this has always been a problem. That's
well I can I can I can hear
you. I can't see you at the moment. Yeah, we can talk like this, that's fine. But yeah, I saw you at first and the connection was like it was kind of bad and then he just disappeared entirely.
Yeah, I can hear you fine. Yeah. Yeah, that's fine.
Oh, that's no problem. Don't worry about it.
So I got him my connection or your service or what it is? I don't know. All right.
It's not very messed with that. I want both of us to get uh
tiring uh
been outside doing leaves all day.
Yeah, that's
oh, well, very good. I've got a nice house, but it's a decent sized piece of property and like the one that is this
time of year, the leaves are just insane. Uh every weekend for about four or five weeks,
just getting up leads all day.
Yeah. Yeah. You think you're about finished and then like a frustrating thing is like a setup spent if I went out there and then when I go outside tomorrow, there will be more down. Anything is just the joys of the better chef, I guess.
I cleaned out like once a year now.
where do you really love?
Okay, I like Chicago.
Are you uh are you from around there originally? No?
Uh huh. No. Sure. Okay.
Yes.
Yeah, yeah, I was worried that that was gonna be the end and I was gonna have to do this all over again, but Okay, that's good.
Uh You were you were saying you studied abroad or whatever?
Uh Sorry, you still doing that job
or you retired or?
I'm
sure that's gotta a small business owner. Um We do auctions and estate sales, any plumbers, so thankfully we're still open uh we're able to operate but a bit of a different kind of capacity.
just yeah, you're just more and more nervous. A lot
of people wanting to downsize uh just simplify their lives a lot. Um So that's good for me though, That's good for our business. It keeps business Eddie.
Yeah. Yeah, it's
interesting.
Yes, because I'm going into people's houses and so forth, like just seeing how much stuff
people are uh is always kind of fascinating.
exactly. Yeah, run into that all. Um
It's interesting. I mean a lot
of people that just inherit the stuff, they have no idea at all, like what to do with that, they're just well uh so they can try to get it sold and believe me, I make plenty of trips to the Dob Goodwill and South African Army and places like that stuff that you
know,
stuff you just can't even sell for pennies on the dollar.
Uh
through prolific correct. Okay. Have you got any these prolific a long time
please?
Yes. Yes, yes. It's uh it's Covid started I can make uh close to like $100 a month,
which is, you know, it's not a ton of money, but every little bit helps
you
know that? Yeah, I mean I paid my internet bill and and stuff like that, so yeah, I enjoy using it a lot of flat. I found it.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh Then I use um uh help is really good. It pays really well.
The Scout is a dog.
The Scout.
Yeah, you should try it. Um It's a lot of uh you can get like the little 1 to 5 hours surveys, but then they have ones that take place over like multiple days and I've had some of those pay like 200 some dollars before. Uh So that's like done really well with that when I'm glad I found it. Uh And it's stuff like trying out mobile apps and you know, doing uh trying to like yeah, just like testing out a lot of mobile apps and they're doing like
video interviews like this as well. Um It's a it's a really good use of your time, like for what it pays for what you have to put into it. Um So that's why I like
it.
Yeah, some of these sites like this, yeah, they are shady like you said, and sometimes they won't pay out, or they just take a really really long time uh to pay out, which is frustrating. Um Also try uh user testing dot com, you know that
one?
Okay. That's uh
that is strictly uh either on your phone or on your computer, You're just trying out like prototypes of websites and mobile apps or answering surveys. And they all pay uh they pay a minimum of $10 about
15 or 20 minutes to work. And then the really
for the video interviews, paying either already or $60.
Yeah. Yeah. User testing dot com. Yeah.
Yeah. The only, the only issue which is is frustrating is uh it doesn't take a lot of time is you have to answer strainer questions, like four or five questions to see if you
qualify and you know when you don't qualify. But that's just how it works.
All right. Yeah. Yeah. That's like that
again,
Yeah. On this site though, unfortunately. So.
other
one um is quick thoughts.
Okay. Yeah. I don't use it a lot, but
uh it pays out in amazon or
itunes gift cards, and it's like a dollar, a survey sometimes a little bit more. Um yeah, it helps out a lot of it too.
I understand. Yeah.
Right. Right. I never I never outright lie, but I'll I might stretch the truth a little bit in terms of like how interested I am. The subject or something like that. A little bit like a little, not a full life, just exaggerating a little bit. I try not to outright life, so I don't get disqualified or anything.
Reddit.
red is good. Uh and I'll do it, but
like
open through usually pay pretty well. Like
it's
Uh north Carolina.
okay. Oh yeah, we get a lot of retirees area lower.
It's it's no comparative when I was a kid. I mean, it's
a it's
a changing it really is. Uh You hear a lot more northern accents down here now, the charlotte area, the
Raleigh area both exploding in terms of population. Uh It's just growing and growing.
It really is.
Yes. Yes. Yes. That's a it's actually a big source of
division in the eastern
part of the state. They put vinegar and the barbecue people either love or hate, but the western half is kind of more traditional barbecue. Uh Yeah, it gets people riled up.
Uh huh. Yeah, been there uh Up in there twice. I've really enjoyed visiting. It's I like it a lot,
yeah, the banking in charlotte and Raleigh if you're in uh health care. Yeah, it's very easy to find work there. I got a lot of Fortune, 500 companies that have relocated there. Um So yeah, that that whole area is just so much bigger like when I
was a kid.
Yeah they were fun in Durham which is near Riley that I've been to uh times, it's really nice uh at all has a cut all. Um I think there are a couple in Raleigh well I don't know as much charlotte but yeah the whole arts and entertainment uh scene is starting to catch up to the size of our population, so there are a lot of great music clubs and stuff like that in the bigger cities in college towns now.
Yeah, like everywhere in april May we were uh locked down pretty strict um After that we kind of gradually opening up. Uh we were supposed to move into our next phase this past week, but because the cases are increasing like everywhere else, they kind of paul's that again,
opened up in september like in my county that's been a disaster. Almost every schools had to close down for like a two week period at least once. Um You can go like most
places are open and just have like kind of reduced capacity. Uh So you can go to the gym for example, you can go to and right, but you
know, they're operating at a fraction of capacity.
Yeah. I don't know. It's from frustrated with it. On the one hand I take it very seriously, I wear a mask whenever I go out and all that. And then on the other hand, I know people who you know, probably hoods have really been really been messed up and you know, no parents, my issues, you know, they're trying to handle the remote learning and are really struggling with it. Uh It's just frustrating hoping we can, you know, hope that vaccine that was announced as well. Maybe we'll pan out and hoping by, you know, spring or sometimes we'll get back to maybe not normal, but at least on the right track.
Yeah. I'm not I'm like, you know, being in my thirties and healthy. I'm not expecting to get access to a vaccine like any time soon at all.
Yeah. But I'm hopeful.
Yeah. My parents everybody around. So I'm hopeful he'll uh they get access to it, you know, relatively soon. Uh Because I'm like I'm on the limb all the time about not going out like any more than you have to stuff and they're pretty good about it. Mhm.
Hi
my uh my sister in law is doing that also. She's uh it was especially back in the spring and early summer. Very she was very popular among her friends. Uh We keep getting that done.
Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. What uh what are you using for your like designs and fabric and so forth?
Right. Right. You uh you give them away for free or yourself?
I understand. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. Yeah.
Mhm.
Sorry? Yeah. I uh
are you still trying to get out of the house a lot, or?
Yeah, a lot
of that kind of stuff is so that's not going to change even after Covid's over
that.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
Alright. Okay. Alright. That flew by.
Yeah. I always worry about, you know, whether I have enough. Right.
All right. Well, it's very nice to meet you and and good luck with everything.
Uh I'm just gonna break through it as fast as I can.
right. Take
care.