SPEAKER_R: mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: But hurry up.
SPEAKER_L: I'm all right, No worries.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. My dog might start barking so I apologize if that happens,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. What type of dog is that?
SPEAKER_L: writes a doberman, So he's a big £85 smoke.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I love dogs. I live in an apartment right now that they don't watch. That's nice. But I would want to pay cash. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I've had him for five years now. I can't imagine not having a dog now.
SPEAKER_R: Now I do really want one because I grew up with them like with my parents. But I actually found a dog yesterday. Like a stray dog. Yeah, he was really cute. But
SPEAKER_L: Well do we can, would you do with him like, did you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I am not calling I guess like animal control because I couldn't get him to come into my car. Like he seemed like a nice dog. But he wanted and I was like a little nervous because I was alone and I was like a little nervous about like trying to like pick him up or something. You know what I mean? Because he was, he's a pit bull. I'm pretty good with the pimple. So he like, he like looked like like a hefty dog. Like you know what I mean? If he got angry he could like a dog
SPEAKER_L: Was he wearing a collar?
SPEAKER_R: he wanted he was wearing a collar, but it didn't have like a name or an address or anything. I mean, I don't know. I kind of feel like he was probably abandoned because I found them in like a park. Yeah. And I had posted something on like a lost and found pack group for the city and no responded. I mean it's just kind of like, I would think if you were looking for the dog, that would be the first place you would go to. Right? Yeah. I know. I'm like, I even know. I'm like, I'm still worried about it though because I don't know. I don't know like if this is a no kill said, I look like I don't know exactly what like they do with the dogs. Like they said something about S. P. C. A. So right. I hope that's what it is because I think ask. Yeah it doesn't normally kill them.
SPEAKER_L: We're so they were able like animal control is able to catch them.
SPEAKER_R: I believe so. I actually I had to get going like it took them a long time to show up and then
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: first it was a police officer that showed up and he lost he likes lost the dog within like a minute like the dog like I managed to keep the dog in like this little like park for like an hour and then officer came and the dog ran away. So then the police officer like how to get into his car and dr after the dog. And
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: yeah when I left they were still trying to get him in the car. I mean I'm assuming that they probably got him eventually because he was he was a friendly dog after it. He was also like scaring people. So I don't think they can just let him run around the city. You know what I'm really afraid of pimples. So he
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: was like, you know, he was scaring all these people when I was trying to make sure the same area and he, you know, it was kind of, I don't think he was going to like hurt anyone, but he like, he looks like he could hurt someone.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, My dog actually, he ran away last year. He got like out of his leash and he was chasing deer and he was missing for like 12 hours. In the
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: first book I posted was like on the local next door on the Facebook page. You know, everyone was helping everyone in the community was helping us look for him, which was great. And then someone else I guess didn't see my post and they're like, I found this dog walking around my neighborhood and posted a picture of it and they're like, I don't know if it's friendly, like he's friendly. Just keep him contained to help me there minutes. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's good. They found them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it was very stressful. 12 hours.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I can imagine. Yeah. Because we've lost our dogs, but only Briefly I guess like my parents like I think they've gotten out before, but we normally have found within like 20 minutes. So
SPEAKER_L: This was overnight. He went through the woods, were like driving around. I couldn't find them. You know, like, I'm worried about cars and like the cops were like trying to help us find him, but there really wasn't much they could do since it broke out. So it was just it was stressful.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, hopefully like someone will pick the dog up then
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: just just clicking them awhile so to find and I don't know, I got I was getting nervous because you know what I posted it on the facebook group. All these people were like be careful about who picks them up because there's fighting rigs in the area. People were saying that like people will just come and lie and say it's their dog and then put them in a fighting ring and
SPEAKER_L: that's so sad.
SPEAKER_R: I know like it was like freaking me. I was like, I I don't want to just get the star to anyone, you know like, right. Yeah, hopefully, you know, he'll be okay.
SPEAKER_L: I can't believe like dog fighting still exist now.
SPEAKER_R: I know. I know it's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, I live in Cincinnati so I guess because it's like a city and there's other smaller cities nearby. Maybe it's like a bigger area. I don't know. I mean it is also like the midwife. I don't wanna be like stereotyping gets the midwest, but maybe not the most corrupt.
SPEAKER_L: I was originally from New Jersey and moved to Chicago recently, but we're like, I'm in the suburbs. Like I'm on the train, like, I'm not even like, probably like without traffic, I'm like 35 minute drive to downtown Chicago. Um but I did visit Cincinnati and I really liked it. It's, it's a smaller city, but it's like really fun, like.
SPEAKER_R: I like it here. I've only worked here for a year because I came for grads. What? Actually also from New Jersey to. Yeah. What part of New Jersey are you from?
SPEAKER_L: Like Northwest New Jersey, like Morris
SPEAKER_R: I like
SPEAKER_L: County.
SPEAKER_R: the words more. Okay. Worst kind. Yeah. That's that's where the seeing eye dog institute. Right?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, not far from there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. We did like we we did save my dog like whilst or Oh yeah. Yeah. I'm from the middle of the state. Like mama County. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: how do you like, like the adjustment from like east coast to midwest?
SPEAKER_R: I mean I like it pretty well. I guess like I feel like the thing I didn't like about where my family lived in New Jersey is just like it was just so crowded like
SPEAKER_L: When?
SPEAKER_R: so many people in so much cars and everything was just way more expensive. Like you know like most of my friends because I did my bachelor's degree in New Jersey to so all my friends are still there pretty much and they're all paying like I mean way war right? Like I'm not really so much more expensive. The rents like twice as much the car insurance is like more money. It's way more affordable for me to be here because I'm
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: doing it.
SPEAKER_L: health insurance is like my car insurance is almost like half of what we were paying in New Jersey. I think my homeowner's insurance is pretty much the same. The taxes are pretty much the same and I almost double the size of my house like move there. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well post to Chicago's is so
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. The only thing, you know, everything is like so slow here, like not driving, but like, you know, like when you're in a store or like a restaurant, like you gotta wait like 10 hours for everything. So it's like when I'm like running errands I gotta factor like extra time. Whereas like in New Jersey it's like go go go.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's true. Yeah, that's a good point. I feel like people here too are like a little more, I don't know. But it definitely is like a little bit of a difference but I'm not even sure exactly what I like, definitely like people will talk to strangers
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: talk.
SPEAKER_L: a lot like a lot more friendlier here, like no one's like as genius. So it's like yeah like a sitting at like the checkout at Target takes like two hours because the checkout person and they're like talking about anything and everything and I'm like I kind of need to go to a few more stores now,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: I don't want to be rude but can we
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: speak
SPEAKER_R: name.
SPEAKER_L: that long? Just take my card, give me the receipt please. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's a little bit of an adjustment, but I do like it overall. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and the weather is pretty much the same, although we don't have hurricanes here, so that's nice,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My, my, my family was just telling me yesterday about like, I guess some hurricane brought by and they showed me a picture of like the backyard and there was a lot of trees out. Like I'd be in all these branches all over the place. I was like surprised.
SPEAKER_L: And I got like 6" of rain in like two hours. It was my parents lost their power, a lot of my friends lost power I think. Like they were saying like 90% of the state of New Jersey and like New York got lost power
SPEAKER_R: wow. Okay. Yeah. I didn't talk to them too much. They just showed me the photos and it's like the photos. Honestly they looked worse than sandy looked, which is,
SPEAKER_L: many more
SPEAKER_R: I'm,
SPEAKER_L: trees. Well I think like the biggest issue with sandy was just like the flooding, you know, flooding like a lot of like power got knocked down. But we also we lost so many like trees then that I don't know like it's it's tough. I mean like I don't miss hurricane season at all. Uh natal warnings all the time here but it's not like that bad
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We don't even get tornado warnings here. I don't think that since
SPEAKER_L: I don't think.
SPEAKER_R: we have like hilly. Yeah, I think about that too that I'm like, it's nice because I'm in a place where there's no natural disasters
SPEAKER_L: Thanks. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What could happen. I mean like I can't really, there's no like fires or earthquakes or anything here, which is nice. But I do miss, I miss the beach sometimes.
SPEAKER_L: you missed the beach, I missed the mountains like where we were like I mean I could A 10 minute drive and I was like in the forest, you know so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: different out here, everything is so flat. So I definitely miss like just going outside like and hiking and stuff. But well, I mean I like the midwest. Um For sure. I think I want to go like explore like Upper peninsula and like michigan you know like there's a lot of like places in the midwest I do want to explore. But I miss the east coast,
SPEAKER_R: Mm Yeah. Yeah. I haven't, I haven't done too much traveling in this area either. I haven't even been to Chicago I think. I mean I'm planning on going at some point because I like google mapped it and it's not too, I mean I think it's maybe six hours. I
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: it's probably about six hours. And we will, we drove so we stopped like in Ohio like on the P. A. Ohio border for the night and then did like the rest of the lead The following day. So it's like six and 6.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Mm Yeah. Yeah, I'll do it at some point. I guess when the pandemic is probably,
SPEAKER_L: How is that affecting you with grad school? Are you doing everything online or?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I believe so. Um, I'm only, I'm mostly doing research this semester anyway, so I was only going to take two classes, but one of the classes does say it's like a hybrid. Like, but I don't really believe that's actually going to happen. I mean I just, I don't really understand honestly. It doesn't need to be a hybrid. It's a computer science class. So like I kind of doubt that it's going to really be in person at all. Yeah. And then like what, you know, I'm supposed to be doing research and then I used to go into like the science building, the baths. I just do it from home now. So I guess it's like, I mean, I'm still lucky though because it's not like they can like get rid of me, you know what I mean? So I keep thinking how lucky I am because I was thinking of like not doing grad school and just going directly into the workforce. But I think it's better that I'm here because I probably would have gotten fired and I was working.
SPEAKER_L: True. I have had a few friends who were like four alone or like gotten or lost their jobs. Um My husband and I are both like very secure in our roles. So that's good for us. Um, but I mean my husband's going back into the office two or three days a week and he's commuting on the train and like his office is like standing firm that like they have to be coming in and it's like, you know, everything's changing right now. Like we're taking like, we're like one step forward, two steps back and like we have all these quarantine rules now, like state traveling and it's summertime and like everyone's out traveling, but you're still supposed to go into the office. I'm like, this is ridiculous. Like there was no, I'm working from home, but they want them in the office.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That is noxious. Yeah. Yeah, I'm happy. You know, like I get like lonely eyeglass because like, I never leave, you know what I mean? And I live alone too. So it's like I live alone and I work from home and then,
SPEAKER_L: We'll have a dog.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I know I really or cat, you haven't even didn't like be okay with the cat. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Something.
SPEAKER_R: huh. Yeah. Yeah. But at the same time like I am happy with it because I am like, I think it would be like a big risk to, to actually going out and like being around people, you know, because Cincinnati is not like the, you never know. I mean, it's not the worst place to be for as far as this goes. But definitely like it's still a little bit more of a, you know anti mask. Like people don't care because I live where I live in like a student area and people are partying like, you know all the time. So it's like people like, I mean it's definitely not going to like it's gonna keep spreading because people are not really.
SPEAKER_L: We've gone down with a few friends like we've done like rooftops, um, like, you know, like, or like balconies at their apartments and we've gone out downtown to like rooftop bars. But everyone in this city is like very mask oriented. Like even like the bars that we would go to, like, they were all outside, the tables were spread out. You had to wear your mask. If you weren't at your table, you couldn't have more than six people. Like, you know, like everyone was like very strict and clean and then we went to michigan one weekend for our friend's house. We have a lake house and we stopped at a convenience store to get some supplies and my husband put on his mask to go inside and he was the only person wearing a mask. Well, like this is why you're issues. Like I'm okay. Like I'm very cautious with what I do and where I go, but I am protected. You know, like I'm not wearing my mess when I'm outside walking my dog because I'm in the suburbs, everyone's crossing the sidewalks. Like I'm not interacting directly with someone. My husband's wearing his mask on the train. He is, you know, sanitizing his hands, He's wearing gloves, like, you know, doing everything that he can to protect himself. I wouldn't say we're like overboard and paranoid, but like we're covered. And then you see other people who aren't doing that and it's like the mask isn't protecting me, it's protecting you from getting sick. So if you're not wearing a mask, like I can still get sick from you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. No, I agree. I'm the same way. Like I don't wear it when I'm just walking around. But I definitely make sure every time I'm gonna store. I mean to be fair, like Cincinnati it's better than it was, you know, because I took the governor a long time to do like a mask and while the city did it first and then the governor and you know, at this point I would say most people do wear masks, but I still like, you know, like there's so like, I feel like people are so like not being careful when
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it comes with
SPEAKER_L: wouldn't go to like a 50 person rager, but like there's a few people who have consistently seen over the past few months and I know they have all been trying to be saved.
SPEAKER_R: room.
SPEAKER_L: So like, and like I'm okay with that, but I'm still cautious like I'm not wearing my mouth and I'm at their house, but I'm also not like standing directly on top of them either.
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: we are walking our hands, we are like cleaning the countertops like you
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: know, being smart. But I think what people need to find that right balance. Everyone was like itching to like open up the country again for the economy. And I'm like at what cost though because now we're suffering again.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's depressing because it's like this probably isn't going to add until there's a vaccine. Well, it's definitely not too bad until there's a vaccine. I got
SPEAKER_L: And then you have to think like mutations and everything else
SPEAKER_R: all.
SPEAKER_L: and it's just, it's scary. It's really scary. Uh Like I'm pissed that people didn't like take it more seriously in the beginning. Like no, not that I'm like a huge conspiracy person, but like in the very beginning like I, I don't know like it was like probably like january february when I started like thinking like, okay, this is probably going to come and hit us. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: they're saying, Well, I mean, I like I have a friend who used to live in Hong kong. And so I think maybe for me in particular because she was talking about it because like it started in china. So then I was like thinking a lot about it. And yeah, I got I was getting really paranoid back in like february and no one, everyone was acting like I was crazy. Like people I was telling you, I was telling my coworkers. I was telling my family, I was like, go get hand sanitizer.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Like this is like a real thing. And everyone was like, you're overreacting and mm
SPEAKER_L: We tried ordering masks on amazon and like february and couldn't get them. They were all sold out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I mean it definitely like it was kind of strange because I feel like, you know, the country was in denial until like all of a sudden one week. And it wasn't like
SPEAKER_L: What? Or even like those cruise ships and like you have two different cruise ships and like each side of like the continent and like they're like, no, it's still not a big deal. What?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And yeah, I had friends who were like, they still thought they were going to go on a cruise this summer, like they had tickets for a Disney cruise or whatever, and they were like, acting like it was still going to happen, and I was like, it's not gonna it's not gonna happen, like it was like mad, and they were like, oh, it's going to happen. I mean, I got canceled. Of course. I mean, I mean, like, Disney isn't like about to risk that pr nightmare
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: of happy. Yeah. I mean, I also like it I didn't really have any friends getting married or anything, but my sister is a little bit older than me, and she had a bunch of friends who were supposed to get married and they all got canceled finally. But some of them were like, also in denial for a really long time. Like they were still like having bridal showers and stuff like accent like the wedding was going to go on. Mhm. I guess I don't even think in New Jersey you're alive and really have
SPEAKER_L: No. My cousin was supposed to get married in september in new york and it got canceled. Um Do you know someone who got married this past weekend in Chicago? Um She only had like five people in church and then they like had it um like zoom like a
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: lot
SPEAKER_R: written.
SPEAKER_L: of wedding for all the guests to attend. Um The only reason why they did is her mom's been sick with cancer for a really long time. Well she wanted to be married before like her mom, but I passed away. Um They might like do another like party eventually when like all this is over, but I think that was their wedding and that's it and they're okay with it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think like if that's like if someone really wants to get married and they don't really care about the big reception, I think it's like it's a good to just do it. There are some people in my grad program who did the same thing. They got married with like two witnesses or three witnesses. Yeah. And then they I guess that's the new thing is like people like are like putting it on zoom. It's kind of funny, but it makes it makes sense. I mean, Yeah, I kind of do. I actually kind of like that. Like the zoom. Thanks now. It's like if I didn't want to actually go somewhere, everything's on zoom. I don't have to pretend right? Like I don't have to like actually show up for anything if I don't want to be there. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well it was nice for us since like we didn't move like, you know, we didn't get to like really like we would face time with some of our friends, but it wasn't like that consistent, but because of the pandemic, like we were on zoom calls, like every other weekend because everyone want to be on zoo. So yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: feel we're able to keep in touch with our friends even more just because of the pandemic
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I feel the same way. Yeah. I guess that part was that's a nice thing. So when did you move to Chicago?
SPEAKER_L: uh removed, it's almost been a year.
SPEAKER_R: Hi. Hi. So it's similar to me and then, yeah, So I think I'm at a year in like two weeks that I've been here. But then I did leave for like a couple of months to go back to New Jersey during Orange Ng. But I couldn't do anything anyway because it was gorgeous. So
SPEAKER_L: Did
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: you fly or drive?
SPEAKER_R: I drove it. It's not really my favorite drive ever. But
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: I went, it's not at least you don't really run into traffic I guess.
SPEAKER_L: no, it's just that stretch in pennsylvania or it's just two lanes and nothing, but
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, exactly. It just tastes wrapped like it's just, you don't really see much. It, the Ohio drive is actually probably even worse because I think at least a pennsylvania driver's like kind of friday. Like there's trees,
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: mountains, the Ohio drivers just like fields. Like there was really nothing. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: How long did it take you?
SPEAKER_R: I think like 10.5 or 11, something like that. Um, I've done it before. I've split it up because I have family that lives kind of like, uh, near the Ohio pennsylvania border. So like if I do it that way, it's like, I do four hours one day and like 6.5 the next day or something. But on my way back here I did it all in one shot because I didn't want to stay with them, like risk giving them Corona. And it wasn't, I mean it's like the first time I've ever driven like 11 hours alone, it wasn't as bad as I thought it was gonna be. I wouldn't say it was fun, but like it was fine.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I like, I don't know if I would have been able to do that by myself for a full day, like I would have gotten too tired.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I thought I was going to, but like I was mostly okay. Um, and then like the, like the worst was when I actually got back in the Cincinnati. I like was, I mean I, I, it was fine and I was doing some like stupid things. Like I stopped out of a red light, like in the middle of the intercession. Like, and I was like, oh, I guess I'm really entire, like
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: that was one like I realized, but you know, I like listen to like, I found a good podcast so it wasn't the worst thing. I like talk to people on the phone. But yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Let's get lost in like some murder mystery story.
SPEAKER_R: why? That's what I was doing. I was listening to one of our like people who disappeared on a plane. Well
SPEAKER_L: Well that helps. All right. I think we've been on for 25
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: minutes.
SPEAKER_R: I think actually that sounds good. Thanks for talking. Okay. Have a good guy.
SPEAKER_L: You too.