mm hmm.
But hurry up.
Thank you. Yeah.
Okay. What type of dog is that?
Yeah. I love dogs. I live in an apartment right now that they don't watch. That's nice. But I would want to pay cash. Yeah.
Now I do really want one because I grew up with them like with my parents. But I actually found a dog yesterday. Like a stray dog. Yeah, he was really cute. But
Yeah. I am not calling I guess like animal control because I couldn't get him to come into my car. Like he seemed like a nice dog. But he wanted and I was like a little nervous because I was alone and I was like a little nervous about like trying to like pick him up or something. You know what I mean? Because he was, he's a pit bull. I'm pretty good with the pimple. So he like, he like looked like like a hefty dog. Like you know what I mean? If he got angry he could like a dog
he wanted he was wearing a collar, but it didn't have like a name or an address or anything. I mean, I don't know. I kind of feel like he was probably abandoned because I found them in like a park. Yeah. And I had posted something on like a lost and found pack group for the city and no responded. I mean it's just kind of like, I would think if you were looking for the dog, that would be the first place you would go to. Right? Yeah. I know. I'm like, I even know. I'm like, I'm still worried about it though because I don't know. I don't know like if this is a no kill said, I look like I don't know exactly what like they do with the dogs. Like they said something about S. P. C. A. So right. I hope that's what it is because I think ask. Yeah it doesn't normally kill them.
I believe so. I actually I had to get going like it took them a long time to show up and then
at
first it was a police officer that showed up and he lost he likes lost the dog within like a minute like the dog like I managed to keep the dog in like this little like park for like an hour and then officer came and the dog ran away. So then the police officer like how to get into his car and dr after the dog. And
yeah when I left they were still trying to get him in the car. I mean I'm assuming that they probably got him eventually because he was he was a friendly dog after it. He was also like scaring people. So I don't think they can just let him run around the city. You know what I'm really afraid of pimples. So he
was like, you know, he was scaring all these people when I was trying to make sure the same area and he, you know, it was kind of, I don't think he was going to like hurt anyone, but he like, he looks like he could hurt someone.
Hello?
Yeah, that's good. They found them. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I can imagine. Yeah. Because we've lost our dogs, but only Briefly I guess like my parents like I think they've gotten out before, but we normally have found within like 20 minutes. So
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, hopefully like someone will pick the dog up then
just just clicking them awhile so to find and I don't know, I got I was getting nervous because you know what I posted it on the facebook group. All these people were like be careful about who picks them up because there's fighting rigs in the area. People were saying that like people will just come and lie and say it's their dog and then put them in a fighting ring and
I know like it was like freaking me. I was like, I I don't want to just get the star to anyone, you know like, right. Yeah, hopefully, you know, he'll be okay.
I know. I know it's crazy.
I mean, I live in Cincinnati so I guess because it's like a city and there's other smaller cities nearby. Maybe it's like a bigger area. I don't know. I mean it is also like the midwife. I don't wanna be like stereotyping gets the midwest, but maybe not the most corrupt.
I like it here. I've only worked here for a year because I came for grads. What? Actually also from New Jersey to. Yeah. What part of New Jersey are you from?
I like
the words more. Okay. Worst kind. Yeah. That's that's where the seeing eye dog institute. Right?
Yeah. Yeah. We did like we we did save my dog like whilst or Oh yeah. Yeah. I'm from the middle of the state. Like mama County. Yeah.
I mean I like it pretty well. I guess like I feel like the thing I didn't like about where my family lived in New Jersey is just like it was just so crowded like
so many people in so much cars and everything was just way more expensive. Like you know like most of my friends because I did my bachelor's degree in New Jersey to so all my friends are still there pretty much and they're all paying like I mean way war right? Like I'm not really so much more expensive. The rents like twice as much the car insurance is like more money. It's way more affordable for me to be here because I'm
doing it.
Yeah. Well post to Chicago's is so
Yeah, that's true. Yeah, that's a good point. I feel like people here too are like a little more, I don't know. But it definitely is like a little bit of a difference but I'm not even sure exactly what I like, definitely like people will talk to strangers
talk.
Yeah, that's
true.
The
name.
Yeah. Yeah. It's a little bit of an adjustment, but I do like it overall. Yeah.
Yeah. My, my, my family was just telling me yesterday about like, I guess some hurricane brought by and they showed me a picture of like the backyard and there was a lot of trees out. Like I'd be in all these branches all over the place. I was like surprised.
wow. Okay. Yeah. I didn't talk to them too much. They just showed me the photos and it's like the photos. Honestly they looked worse than sandy looked, which is,
I'm,
Yeah. We don't even get tornado warnings here. I don't think that since
we have like hilly. Yeah, I think about that too that I'm like, it's nice because I'm in a place where there's no natural disasters
What could happen. I mean like I can't really, there's no like fires or earthquakes or anything here, which is nice. But I do miss, I miss the beach sometimes.
Yeah, that's
Mm Yeah. Yeah. I haven't, I haven't done too much traveling in this area either. I haven't even been to Chicago I think. I mean I'm planning on going at some point because I like google mapped it and it's not too, I mean I think it's maybe six hours. I
don't
know.
Mm. Mm Yeah. Yeah, I'll do it at some point. I guess when the pandemic is probably,
Yeah, I believe so. Um, I'm only, I'm mostly doing research this semester anyway, so I was only going to take two classes, but one of the classes does say it's like a hybrid. Like, but I don't really believe that's actually going to happen. I mean I just, I don't really understand honestly. It doesn't need to be a hybrid. It's a computer science class. So like I kind of doubt that it's going to really be in person at all. Yeah. And then like what, you know, I'm supposed to be doing research and then I used to go into like the science building, the baths. I just do it from home now. So I guess it's like, I mean, I'm still lucky though because it's not like they can like get rid of me, you know what I mean? So I keep thinking how lucky I am because I was thinking of like not doing grad school and just going directly into the workforce. But I think it's better that I'm here because I probably would have gotten fired and I was working.
Yeah. That is noxious. Yeah. Yeah, I'm happy. You know, like I get like lonely eyeglass because like, I never leave, you know what I mean? And I live alone too. So it's like I live alone and I work from home and then,
yeah, I know I really or cat, you haven't even didn't like be okay with the cat. Uh
huh. Yeah. Yeah. But at the same time like I am happy with it because I am like, I think it would be like a big risk to, to actually going out and like being around people, you know, because Cincinnati is not like the, you never know. I mean, it's not the worst place to be for as far as this goes. But definitely like it's still a little bit more of a, you know anti mask. Like people don't care because I live where I live in like a student area and people are partying like, you know all the time. So it's like people like, I mean it's definitely not going to like it's gonna keep spreading because people are not really.
Yeah. Yeah. No, I agree. I'm the same way. Like I don't wear it when I'm just walking around. But I definitely make sure every time I'm gonna store. I mean to be fair, like Cincinnati it's better than it was, you know, because I took the governor a long time to do like a mask and while the city did it first and then the governor and you know, at this point I would say most people do wear masks, but I still like, you know, like there's so like, I feel like people are so like not being careful when
it comes with
room.
you
are
all
Yeah. Yeah. It's depressing because it's like this probably isn't going to add until there's a vaccine. Well, it's definitely not too bad until there's a vaccine. I got
all.
they're saying, Well, I mean, I like I have a friend who used to live in Hong kong. And so I think maybe for me in particular because she was talking about it because like it started in china. So then I was like thinking a lot about it. And yeah, I got I was getting really paranoid back in like february and no one, everyone was acting like I was crazy. Like people I was telling you, I was telling my coworkers. I was telling my family, I was like, go get hand sanitizer.
Like this is like a real thing. And everyone was like, you're overreacting and mm
Yeah. Yeah. I mean it definitely like it was kind of strange because I feel like, you know, the country was in denial until like all of a sudden one week. And it wasn't like
Yeah. And yeah, I had friends who were like, they still thought they were going to go on a cruise this summer, like they had tickets for a Disney cruise or whatever, and they were like, acting like it was still going to happen, and I was like, it's not gonna it's not gonna happen, like it was like mad, and they were like, oh, it's going to happen. I mean, I got canceled. Of course. I mean, I mean, like, Disney isn't like about to risk that pr nightmare
of happy. Yeah. I mean, I also like it I didn't really have any friends getting married or anything, but my sister is a little bit older than me, and she had a bunch of friends who were supposed to get married and they all got canceled finally. But some of them were like, also in denial for a really long time. Like they were still like having bridal showers and stuff like accent like the wedding was going to go on. Mhm. I guess I don't even think in New Jersey you're alive and really have
and
written.
Yeah. I think like if that's like if someone really wants to get married and they don't really care about the big reception, I think it's like it's a good to just do it. There are some people in my grad program who did the same thing. They got married with like two witnesses or three witnesses. Yeah. And then they I guess that's the new thing is like people like are like putting it on zoom. It's kind of funny, but it makes it makes sense. I mean, Yeah, I kind of do. I actually kind of like that. Like the zoom. Thanks now. It's like if I didn't want to actually go somewhere, everything's on zoom. I don't have to pretend right? Like I don't have to like actually show up for anything if I don't want to be there. Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah. I feel the same way. Yeah. I guess that part was that's a nice thing. So when did you move to Chicago?
Hi. Hi. So it's similar to me and then, yeah, So I think I'm at a year in like two weeks that I've been here. But then I did leave for like a couple of months to go back to New Jersey during Orange Ng. But I couldn't do anything anyway because it was gorgeous. So
well
I drove it. It's not really my favorite drive ever. But
I went, it's not at least you don't really run into traffic I guess.
Yeah, exactly. It just tastes wrapped like it's just, you don't really see much. It, the Ohio drive is actually probably even worse because I think at least a pennsylvania driver's like kind of friday. Like there's trees,
mountains, the Ohio drivers just like fields. Like there was really nothing. Yes.
I think like 10.5 or 11, something like that. Um, I've done it before. I've split it up because I have family that lives kind of like, uh, near the Ohio pennsylvania border. So like if I do it that way, it's like, I do four hours one day and like 6.5 the next day or something. But on my way back here I did it all in one shot because I didn't want to stay with them, like risk giving them Corona. And it wasn't, I mean it's like the first time I've ever driven like 11 hours alone, it wasn't as bad as I thought it was gonna be. I wouldn't say it was fun, but like it was fine.
Yeah, I thought I was going to, but like I was mostly okay. Um, and then like the, like the worst was when I actually got back in the Cincinnati. I like was, I mean I, I, it was fine and I was doing some like stupid things. Like I stopped out of a red light, like in the middle of the intercession. Like, and I was like, oh, I guess I'm really entire, like
that was one like I realized, but you know, I like listen to like, I found a good podcast so it wasn't the worst thing. I like talk to people on the phone. But yeah,
why? That's what I was doing. I was listening to one of our like people who disappeared on a plane. Well
No,
I think actually that sounds good. Thanks for talking. Okay. Have a good guy.