Hi, how are you?
I'm all right, No worries.
Right. Right. My dog might start barking so I apologize if that happens,
writes a doberman, So he's a big £85 smoke.
I've had him for five years now. I can't imagine not having a dog now.
Well do we can, would you do with him like, did you?
Was he wearing a collar?
We're so they were able like animal control is able to catch them.
I don't
know.
Oh my gosh.
Well,
yeah, My dog actually, he ran away last year. He got like out of his leash and he was chasing deer and he was missing for like 12 hours. In the
first book I posted was like on the local next door on the Facebook page. You know, everyone was helping everyone in the community was helping us look for him, which was great. And then someone else I guess didn't see my post and they're like, I found this dog walking around my neighborhood and posted a picture of it and they're like, I don't know if it's friendly, like he's friendly. Just keep him contained to help me there minutes. But
it was very stressful. 12 hours.
This was overnight. He went through the woods, were like driving around. I couldn't find them. You know, like, I'm worried about cars and like the cops were like trying to help us find him, but there really wasn't much they could do since it broke out. So it was just it was stressful.
No.
that's so sad.
I can't believe like dog fighting still exist now.
Well.
I was originally from New Jersey and moved to Chicago recently, but we're like, I'm in the suburbs. Like I'm on the train, like, I'm not even like, probably like without traffic, I'm like 35 minute drive to downtown Chicago. Um but I did visit Cincinnati and I really liked it. It's, it's a smaller city, but it's like really fun, like.
Like Northwest New Jersey, like Morris
County.
Yeah, not far from there.
how do you like, like the adjustment from like east coast to midwest?
When?
My
health insurance is like my car insurance is almost like half of what we were paying in New Jersey. I think my homeowner's insurance is pretty much the same. The taxes are pretty much the same and I almost double the size of my house like move there. So.
Uh huh. The only thing, you know, everything is like so slow here, like not driving, but like, you know, like when you're in a store or like a restaurant, like you gotta wait like 10 hours for everything. So it's like when I'm like running errands I gotta factor like extra time. Whereas like in New Jersey it's like go go go.
it's
a lot like a lot more friendlier here, like no one's like as genius. So it's like yeah like a sitting at like the checkout at Target takes like two hours because the checkout person and they're like talking about anything and everything and I'm like I kind of need to go to a few more stores now,
like
I don't want to be rude but can we
speak
that long? Just take my card, give me the receipt please. Yeah
and the weather is pretty much the same, although we don't have hurricanes here, so that's nice,
And I got like 6" of rain in like two hours. It was my parents lost their power, a lot of my friends lost power I think. Like they were saying like 90% of the state of New Jersey and like New York got lost power
many more
trees. Well I think like the biggest issue with sandy was just like the flooding, you know, flooding like a lot of like power got knocked down. But we also we lost so many like trees then that I don't know like it's it's tough. I mean like I don't miss hurricane season at all. Uh natal warnings all the time here but it's not like that bad
I don't think.
Thanks. Yeah.
you missed the beach, I missed the mountains like where we were like I mean I could A 10 minute drive and I was like in the forest, you know so
different out here, everything is so flat. So I definitely miss like just going outside like and hiking and stuff. But well, I mean I like the midwest. Um For sure. I think I want to go like explore like Upper peninsula and like michigan you know like there's a lot of like places in the midwest I do want to explore. But I miss the east coast,
you
know,
it's probably about six hours. And we will, we drove so we stopped like in Ohio like on the P. A. Ohio border for the night and then did like the rest of the lead The following day. So it's like six and 6.
How is that affecting you with grad school? Are you doing everything online or?
True. I have had a few friends who were like four alone or like gotten or lost their jobs. Um My husband and I are both like very secure in our roles. So that's good for us. Um, but I mean my husband's going back into the office two or three days a week and he's commuting on the train and like his office is like standing firm that like they have to be coming in and it's like, you know, everything's changing right now. Like we're taking like, we're like one step forward, two steps back and like we have all these quarantine rules now, like state traveling and it's summertime and like everyone's out traveling, but you're still supposed to go into the office. I'm like, this is ridiculous. Like there was no, I'm working from home, but they want them in the office.
We'll have a dog.
Something.
We've gone down with a few friends like we've done like rooftops, um, like, you know, like, or like balconies at their apartments and we've gone out downtown to like rooftop bars. But everyone in this city is like very mask oriented. Like even like the bars that we would go to, like, they were all outside, the tables were spread out. You had to wear your mask. If you weren't at your table, you couldn't have more than six people. Like, you know, like everyone was like very strict and clean and then we went to michigan one weekend for our friend's house. We have a lake house and we stopped at a convenience store to get some supplies and my husband put on his mask to go inside and he was the only person wearing a mask. Well, like this is why you're issues. Like I'm okay. Like I'm very cautious with what I do and where I go, but I am protected. You know, like I'm not wearing my mess when I'm outside walking my dog because I'm in the suburbs, everyone's crossing the sidewalks. Like I'm not interacting directly with someone. My husband's wearing his mask on the train. He is, you know, sanitizing his hands, He's wearing gloves, like, you know, doing everything that he can to protect himself. I wouldn't say we're like overboard and paranoid, but like we're covered. And then you see other people who aren't doing that and it's like the mask isn't protecting me, it's protecting you from getting sick. So if you're not wearing a mask, like I can still get sick from you.
I
wouldn't go to like a 50 person rager, but like there's a few people who have consistently seen over the past few months and I know they have all been trying to be saved.
So like, and like I'm okay with that, but I'm still cautious like I'm not wearing my mouth and I'm at their house, but I'm also not like standing directly on top of them either.
And
we are walking our hands, we are like cleaning the countertops like you
know, being smart. But I think what people need to find that right balance. Everyone was like itching to like open up the country again for the economy. And I'm like at what cost though because now we're suffering again.
And then you have to think like mutations and everything else
and it's just, it's scary. It's really scary. Uh Like I'm pissed that people didn't like take it more seriously in the beginning. Like no, not that I'm like a huge conspiracy person, but like in the very beginning like I, I don't know like it was like probably like january february when I started like thinking like, okay, this is probably going to come and hit us. Uh huh.
What?
We tried ordering masks on amazon and like february and couldn't get them. They were all sold out.
What? Or even like those cruise ships and like you have two different cruise ships and like each side of like the continent and like they're like, no, it's still not a big deal. What?
No.
No. My cousin was supposed to get married in september in new york and it got canceled. Um Do you know someone who got married this past weekend in Chicago? Um She only had like five people in church and then they like had it um like zoom like a
lot
of wedding for all the guests to attend. Um The only reason why they did is her mom's been sick with cancer for a really long time. Well she wanted to be married before like her mom, but I passed away. Um They might like do another like party eventually when like all this is over, but I think that was their wedding and that's it and they're okay with it.
Well it was nice for us since like we didn't move like, you know, we didn't get to like really like we would face time with some of our friends, but it wasn't like that consistent, but because of the pandemic, like we were on zoom calls, like every other weekend because everyone want to be on zoo. So yeah, I
feel we're able to keep in touch with our friends even more just because of the pandemic
uh removed, it's almost been a year.
Did
you fly or drive?
No,
no, it's just that stretch in pennsylvania or it's just two lanes and nothing, but
correct.
How long did it take you?
Yeah. I like, I don't know if I would have been able to do that by myself for a full day, like I would have gotten too tired.
or
Okay. Let's get lost in like some murder mystery story.
Well that helps. All right. I think we've been on for 25
minutes.
You too.