Yeah yeah yeah. Oh
hey man,
I'm doing good, how about yourself?
uh My name's Claire, I'm from northwest indiana. So kind of by Chicago. I'm actually closer to Chicago than I am to anything anywhere in indiana so
Yeah, not far at all. I'm
about like 35 minutes from New Buffalo. More like more like 45 honestly. Yeah.
Today stormy so stormy, we had thunder straight through all of last night and today there's kind of this just constant like with all the wind going through all the trees and everything. Yeah it's been you know I have a little dog and she doesn't want to go outside even though it's not raining today, it's just windy, you know it's on the brink of storm, she doesn't
want to go outside.
Yeah, she's little so she
might.
A few weeks ago we had another kind of bigger storm
maybe about a week ago, I think it was last week when we had some really heavy rains and high winds. We had a table out in the back that had like a glass top and it through the glass top off the table and just shattered everywhere. It was crazy. Yeah,
It is, yeah, that's why, you know, normally you wouldn't worry about having a glass top outdoor table because petty. But the winds were so
bad that I just got underneath and tipped the table and the glass just was everywhere.
Also, yeah, probably about like 20 minutes ish closest town to me. I think that has, you know, lakeshore would be whiting Indiana and they're about yet like 25, 30 minutes from
me.
Yeah, right. On the lack, it's bad,
you really get it. Uh huh.
hmm. That's scary.
You guys get the snow worse than anybody too, don't you?
I keep hearing that it's going to be a mild winter
apparently. That's what people have been saying. Farmer's almanac or whatever is saying this winter will be kind of kind of on the milder side, which would be really nice because I feel like we've had some
beer winters these past two or three have been so severe. So
amount
one would
be a blessing.
Great.
I know
for
something that's been
doing what it does for so long. Yeah, it really knows what it's doing.
I actually just graduated, I got a degree in global studies from
Purdue University over here in indiana. So graduated today and I've actually moved back home because I found a job really close by to my mom's house. So I'm here with my mom and my step dad and my little dog And that's been, it's been really nice. I'm so lucky to have a home that I could go back to after college, especially when things being the way they are, because for the first few months, you know, I didn't know whether or not I was going to be able to get this job that I was looking for. So very, very lucky. And I'm happy to be here. You know, it's a nice home. I have this basement space where I do all of my work from home stuff and yeah, that's really nice.
It is.
It is. And there's so much uncertainty. So, as I was approaching graduation and I still haven't found a job offer and I still didn't really know at all what things were going to be like over the course of the next few months or even years for my life. You know, I knew I can go back to where my mom is and that's not too far and it's close by the city where there's lots of jobs, you know but it's not it's not in Illinois, it's not right in the heart of the city's, things are a little bit calmer here, which I like and then you know I knew that whereas a lot of my other friends who I was graduating with, they just like had no idea, you know, they didn't necessarily have a home that they could go back to after graduation and they're just you know finding a job after graduation when you're in that kind of a situation is so much more intense. Whereas
I kind of got to be a little bit, you know, a little bit calmer than that search because I knew I could go back home
group.
It really is.
How about you, what do you do?
Oh actually no workflow machine is yeah mhm
Well
that's one way to make the decision.
my Lord,
Well
thank
goodness,
That's my office right now. The way our office has it is that there's only one day per week that each like team comes into the office building, so there's never more than like six people, but there's a couple of folks who come in on multiple days, we had one person who got sick and now like 75% of the folks that are office all caught it. I know
it's
crazy how fast it spreads. And then there's other instances where people just almost seem like they've got superpower immunity, it's so hard to kind of figure out which way it's going to go. Either it feels it spreads like wildfire or it just kind of sticks, you know?
We
have happened at my home to me and like I said, it's me, my step dad and my mom and me and my step dad both caught it and that was about two months ago, I think it was two months ago. We both, you know, our whole family went and got tested because my step dad came home from work with symptoms. So he went and he got tested and then right after his symptoms got a little worse, my mom and I went and got tested too and my stepdad's test came back positive and then a couple days later, both my mom and ice tests came back and my mom's
was
negative and mine was positive and my mom went to go get tested again just in case it was a false negative. She got tested four more times, like over the course of the next three weeks, never got it
It must
be something about certain people's immune systems and I mean when I think about it, my mom, she's almost never sick. I think my mom gets sick maybe every other year
she really doesn't get sick very often. I tend to catch a cold or a flu probably once, maybe twice in a year, you know? So I wonder if it's just she has a stronger immune system than me and my step dad. But I don't know like I think that like my whole childhood to even, I never really remember my mom being sick very often and even when she was, it was usually like a one day bug. So my theory is just that she's got a tough immune system.
Good
in
my area, it was right around the time
that me and my step dad got it about, like I said month and a half ago, you know, it went from how like I knew maybe three people who had gotten it like this entire time to knowing like more people than I could count, who have had just over the course of these last two months, all of a sudden it was like dominoes our whole kind of area all, you know, you just heard every week about someone new from church, community or someone from school or the people at my work, like someone was getting it, you
know, it
was,
it's just because it was crazy for me, you know, it was like, I was very aware that the virus was going around, you know, since the start of this, but I didn't really know anyone super close to me who had actually gotten it tilt right around now in the fall all of a sudden everybody Well, I mean obviously not everyone, but just a lot. Mhm.
I mean,
I'm very bad at all and neither did my step dad honestly. Um and you know, there's, yeah, he, he ended up having a fever for about three days, a little bit of a cough and a sore throat and just kind of, you know, lethargic feeling really tired and just like, you know, just like under the weather, um he wasn't really feeling bad for longer than maybe four or five days. I, for me, I just got like really intense
headaches and super fatigue. Like I was just sleeping straight through the day. Honestly, I might have had more symptoms and just not been awake to know that I had them because I was just sleeping all the time. And, but for me that was also, yeah, just about for maybe
45 days. And then, you know, then kind of, you know, on the men still quarantined for the full like 14 because we wanted to make sure we were safe and doing everything. That's right. Um, you know, if it was lingering in our systems at all, even after symptoms leave, but you know, just kind of like drank a lot of water, uh, have you use those little vitamin C packets, you mix into your drinks and stuff just to eat healthy and sleep a lot. You know, the body heals so much quicker when you sleep. So when my body said it was tired, I said, okay, I'll sleep because I mean I was given excuse at work and everything and I know a whole lot else to do. So I just, I took the time to rest and I really credit that to why he and I healed so fast is because we didn't try to like push through, you know, we blend ourselves rest and chill and I
think that would be okay.
Oh my gosh.
Well.
And you have a little compassion please.
In
fact,
my goodness,
you are not over these last nine months about how serious this is. It's not a cold.
Yeah. And I mean, you did have a cold, You gotta be, you gotta be compassionate. You have to allow people to take that rest that allows them to get better. You know, just then I think, you know, it just doesn't fully heal and you're just gonna get sick again next week
because
little more
thanks.
Yeah. Honestly, not wanting to have to go and get tested as a big motivator to stay safe because they're miserable. Yeah,
every time, every time I've gone, they've done both. My nostrils.
I've
never had it be just one.
We
was just
one.
I wish it would have been nice. Oh
no,
I had no idea. My nose went so deep,
I
had no idea. I thought my nose stopped
like here.
No,
Thanksgiving
1st. Yeah, of course, going to be different this year. Um usually my thanksgiving is a huge event back when uh, my grandparents first moved into the area, they originally from Nebraska, and then they moved over here, and my grandpa worked at the hospital, and there was one other family in the masons and they had also just moved to the area. So, first year that they ever were here in town, because the hospital was brand new, so, lots of folks had moved in to be working there and nobody knew anybody or anything like that. So dr mason and dr smith, that was my grandpa. Um just them and their wives before them have thanksgiving together that year because you know they didn't have any family local or anything like that. And ever since then the masons in this mess, we've done our thanksgivings together.
So
as long as I've been alive we've done it with the masons, masons and the Smith families have had a joint a joint thanksgiving. And so usually it's like it's around 50 people.
You
know it's not a it's a big thanksgiving a lot of people. And so you know obviously we can't have 50 people all together. You know people from all different age groups, people from all different levels of health and security. So we're gonna do our thanksgivings separate in our own you know family units. So um the only person I know my brother is going to fly in from L. A. Where he's from, he's got a quarantine here and get tested when he lands and everything and make sure that he's safe. But yeah we're gonna try to do a zoom call between the families and everything in the middle of the day but as far as the meal goes it's just going to be in our separate units. But you know I'm happy that we're still going to celebrate you know and that we have at least the opportunity to do that you know? And I'm glad my brothers flying because otherwise I know he'd spend the holiday all by himself
out there in
L. A. You know, so I'm really glad he's coming in even if we can't have everybody together. Really happy that my brother is going to be it and he actually he took a lot of time off of work, He's coming in thursday and it's going to be here for like a full week and a half. Which is I haven't seen him since this all started, You know? I haven't seen him in like nine months actually. Yeah, I think the last time, last time I would have seen my brother would have been like christmas like last year or New Year's New Year's export from the last time I saw him.
it's long, you know, and me and my brother are very close, he's only a year and a half older than me, so we're very very close. You know, I had thought I would, you know, I would go and see him sometime in the spring. Um
Because you know, I was like I had been looking at tickets like oh I'll go for like a long weekend and come
see you
in L. A. Or something like that. You know when I get a break from things at school because it was my senior year and then nope just couldn't happen. But
I think
we
only got three more days, I'll get to see them.
How
about
you? What are you doing for thanksgiving?
Good.
and do what?
do
it, yeah.
Tacos
were good.
it's hard to get
through turkey. It's a big thing
you're
You know that's that's really good like ground turkey,
it's a little really
my family all the time.
Well I mean it was to say you can't do tacos as a main and still have you know, potatoes and gravy and everything else on the side, you don't have to stick to the theme, you know
all those stuffing stuffing is my favorite side.
christmas time, Well it used to, we used to have sort of the tradition um where we would on christmas Eve, we would be at my grandparents house which is in the same town, we always, I grew up in the same town as my grandparents will be at grandparents house for christmas eve, there'd be christmas eve, church service would go to that and we come back from service
and my brother and I would each get to open one gift on christmas Eve and we would eat special food and we always had oysters do that is always what we had on christmas oysters do and then um I don't know where that tradition came from, but it's always what we did, we have oysters do um and
then christmas day would happen at our house, my family. Um,
and grandma and grandpa would come over and we would do presence in the morning and then presence and we'd eat cookies and drink coffee and hot cocoa in the morning. And then when we were done opening presents and exchanging our gifts, we would have brunch that my mom would make and then everybody would like all into their post brunch coma, take a long nap and I would, you know, play with whatever gifts we had gotten
or
things like that. Usually
I
always get a book at christmas time
and I'd open up a book and start reading that and then we'd spend the evening at grandma's again and do dinner. But this year's gonna be, uh, this year last year different because both my grandparents
ended up passing away and we've moved into the home that they lived in. So to me now I'm living here at grandma's house because my mom inherited the home, so this past year we moved here and now all of christmas happens at grandma's house
and it's
nice to be here and live here because there's so many good memories, you know this, you know a place where we would spend christmas eve and we would come here for dinner every sunday, we always had sunday night dinner at grandma's and we'd be here whenever there was a football game or a basketball game or something on that we didn't have on because grandma had cable, so we'd come over and we'd watch the games together and stuff, so you know now christmas eve and christmas and every other day it gets to happen at grandma's house, which is really
nice. Mhm,
it's nice,
I really, I'm so blessed, very,
very blessed
it.
Everybody is able to to recognize, you know how lucky they are and how blessed they are. Yeah,
Uh they're too busy looking
at what they don't have to recognize what they do have.
Thank you.
Well,
it's like you're talking
about it where your son works,
the people who are running that company, it's just about the company, it's about making money and moving forward. No compassion for the people who are humans that make that happen. You know, you have to have that humanity.
my God.
Hey
Green is
you have to fight that stuff. You know, sometimes people, people like those sorts of companies think they can just get away with it because some people won't fight it and that's what they drive off of is the people who won't fight it. You
have
to fight it though because you'll be surprised even if you just ask for like I want an itemized receipt sometimes you know it will come back from the medical bills and though it will be a little bit shorter because if you don't ask for an itemized thing, they have snuck in little things to charge you for and you got to ask and if your insurance gets denied, you have to ask why and sometimes you know people just want to ask God
it's
such
a thing that you have to fight for it. But you do.
People are becoming more aware of that sort of thing you know and you can't treat people like that forever and expect your company to get to still keep you know going through, people will take notice, people will talk and people will know and it and you can't get away with it.
huh.
You
know
not their property.
good.
Yeah you did. You did
Yeah. Start preparing your way to get out of there while you're at this time do
it. Absolutely.
it's hard to take a risk you know unless he knows he's got somewhere to go
next even if it's bad you still need food on the table and textbooks and
it's hard uh
but it sounds like he would find work
pretty easy if he's
that
good.
and how old are, how old are these kids, are they like younger or?
Well me too. Yeah. Tennessee is actually really temperate though. It goes it gets it gets a winter to you know Tennessee is not quite so far down that they don't
get a winter. Yeah my my best friend is about her whole family's from Tennessee and we've driven down to see her aunt and uncle who are over in Tennessee and we've been there when it's cold out and it gets no you know and they get but they don't get terrible snow you
know they
still get compared but they make it through pretty okay
but then in the summer it does get crazy hot you know they still get the range but the range is just sort of scooped over towards the hot side.
we
do not yeah we we get to escape it.
Don't have to be to conscious about it
Six
I don't know either. I guess if it's it's 2:30 for now. So I guess we we probably filled our time. We started pretty much on time I think.
Good.
Yesterday I actually had one of these two and the person on the other side, like I don't know what was going on with them, but they just like ignored me. And then about 15 minutes into it, they just shut their camera
and I was trying to talk to them and I could tell they could see me because they like made eye contact with me and at one point they got up and I could hear them talking in the room about how they could see me looking at them. And I'm like the point of this is to talk to each other. But she sat down in front of the computer after about five minutes of me looking at an empty chair and then she put headphones on and like went like this on her phone and really dude, if you just wanted to get the participation in, you don't even start the call because you're not going to get like if she was just there to get paid, like you're not going to get paid if you don't talk to me and then she just shut off the video
and I didn't know what to do. So yeah,
I did. Yeah. Well when the quiz popped up, I wrote that like something happened that prevented us from completing our conversation and I sent a note to the uh the researchers saying she was on the call but she just wouldn't talk to me. So
I know yeah. And I don't know whether or not I'm going to get paid for it or not because I mean I was there and I, I spoke to the camera.
She just didn't speak back. I had a one sided conversation.
Well I stayed on for the full 25 just in case her camera was about to turn back on. So
I did and I said I stayed for the full 25 minutes. Couldn't tell whether or not she was just choosing to not talk to me or if she didn't know what was going on. But it was it was odd. Was so today I was worried when I was turning my camera and I was like okay, I hope this person talks to
me
it does. Uh Yeah,
every group except her that I've talked to has been really fun to talk to, you know?
It's a shame if you clear the spot in your day, you know, and then you end up getting tossed out. What can you?
Youtube?
Yeah. You too
nice talking to you too Jody. Have a great day,
but.