Hey,
how are you?
I'm good. So how, where you, where are you? What?
my police jodi and I am from michigan, so we're not too far away.
No.
city. I'm in a little one were like, Oh, maybe 20 miles from grand rapids. So it's a little, how's the weather there? Is it windy?
No,
go away.
I
know it's, it's going to be here to it. I don't really think it thundered or lightning here, but it sure did it. I just had to go to the store and it was like, you could feel your car just as you do and it's like, I don't like this. And then people whose garbage can covers flew open, There's garbage lying around. It's like, oh
situation.
my gosh, that is there because glass is heavy.
one.
Oh, what a math. Lucky will buy it because glass, I've never heard of that really. But we've had some strong winds though. How far are you from the lake at all? Quite a bit.
well
you're quite a ways than it's probably a lot worse by the lake shore.
Yeah we're not too far from where I'm probably maybe I don't even think five miles from the lake where we live now.
Really close and they say that right now the waves are at 10 miles high coming into shore. I just heard it on the radio, it's like it's high you
know? I know.
yep. Yeah so I hope this just doesn't tell us what winter is going to be like.
What?
it was
I
know they've
been
you
know it's a farmer's almanac is usually I don't know how but they're usually pretty on
I'm
going
home.
it's crazy. So what do you go to school?
No,
it's really a blessing that
is no good. That is so because it's rough out there right now.
What?
that's a blessing. I know
these kids that don't have anywhere to go, it's scary.
It is, it really is. Oh God,
yeah. Right now I'm um I was working at a um commentary. I've been working for the schools, but then I moved back to Holland, which is where I'm from.
and I want I don't want to keep driving back and forth and luckily I did because the transmission went out in my truck, so lucky I
did
there and so I put the school system just working part time. I'm actually on disability. I, oh, it's probably about eight years ago. I'm just minding my own business driving that, you know, and the police were directing traffic. There was a red light and I had a little little, I called it my little pink, it was a little magenta color tracker was just my fun car. All of a sudden I got hit from behind 50 mph. The girl didn't
seem that the police were directing traffic at a light that was out And she had like this, I don't know, like I want to say a 77 suburban. So I was about a year and uh, a two level spinal fusion, so that just put me out. So I'm disabled, but I work part time. I'm doing pretty good. Do you know with all this covid when it all came, I was working a I was in the front line job because we make um we were making stuff for grocery stores and restaurants, making the sandwiches that you buy it when you go to a gas station. And so we worked the whole time, we never shut down because we were an essential business. You know, we had we work elbow to elbow and at the beginning we weren't wearing masks or anything because it wasn't even said they heard or anything and nobody got sick through that whole, I would say first three, not nobody still has, but here, that whole three months, nobody got sick.
And it's
like,
yeah, and then you talk to other people and they're like, oh my God, one person got it and everybody brought it.
you
know.
Yeah. I just uh a chance like this with a girl the other day and she said she she has five brothers and sisters, she lives at home and her dad got it, or no, her dad didn't get it. He had diabetes, but somebody got it and nobody out of the other six people in the house, nobody else caught it and they still just went about their business. I mean they cleaned and stuff, but I mean didn't
wear.
Thank
you,
See that's crazy. I mean, I don't know, there's just something really weird about that by
sp
What?
It's got to be because I never get sick either ever. I don't even remember the last time I was sick. Yeah, it's like I don't remember because you know, and that's good not come with, you know, But I ended up um when all this was going on, I ended up having surgery just before it hit, which is good because I got it and then I got to blacks at home. But even
through all of that, you know, is it really going around big time inch where you're at right
now
possible?
All
that
crazy.
So how did you get through it? You guys get
bad or?
Mhm.
What?
Important.
That is so important when people are sick. It's and people just, yeah they always try to push through. I'm tough I can do it but it doesn't help. You're the first person I've talked to besides the girl the other day but she didn't have it but that actually has had it you know and I know my son he had surgery on his foot so he's off work and it just so happened just like two days before he yeah when he was off about two days later someone got diagnosed that works right next to him
and then it went around the whole factory and offices and just ever been luckily he didn't
get because he's got young kids and stuff but the owners were so his owner that company are weird. They're not christian believe me they're just awful people they need to be but they didn't even they were more like when the people that said well don't worry about it because of HIPPA, we can't tell you who it is, but monday you'll find out because they'll be gone and it's like okay
and that they don't they have none, they're like calling the people what are you gonna be back? Um before
when
they were at least I'm contagious. Well everybody's got in any way and it's like oh my
what is the matter with you? You know
I
And then more people are going to get sick and it's just a vicious cycle before
my surgery, I had the you know, I had the different cold, did you know the tests and stuff? But I had one and I couldn't, he must have been training because he went on and on it had to do it in the car And he went up to one Nostril and it was fine. I thought well that's not so bad. I mean it was uncomfortable and it kind of hurt but you know, and then he did the second nostril and it's like okay, that didn't happen last time. And he went in crooked and cut the whole inside of my hose was
bleeding and it was so sore for it was sore for like four days and
then I never want another one. Never again. Yeah.
they are and it's like to do both of them. But I know it's because he thought they thought he's training, he didn't get it done right. But he did, I think the first time.
So
what?
Oh, I've had four of them now for the
different
third
only one. Yeah.
God, doing it twice all the way up to the brain.
But
I
am.
I
know. isn't that crazy?
I know it's not something you think about but oh well you know that's his life right, so you're getting ready for the christmas season two coming? Well thanksgiving, we're standing
Christie
all
of this
It's
just
come
on.
so long to me.
Uh
faced
with
Do not
look
good,
that would be really nice. Yeah that
would
mean
um I think we're gonna get together with my son so I got my son and my daughter and then um his kids, he's just newly divorced so I don't know who's going to have the kids on thanksgiving Day because the his ex her family well you never know when her mom is gonna swoop in, they live in florida so show up whenever and then everybody's plans change so I'm not quite sure you know? But we'll get together at some point.
I don't know though. I think we might just do it different this year and do taco do
tacos instead of the earthy. Just
do
you
know
everybody loves them and you know if we would do turkey, I don't think we'll do just for the there's not enough of us. Well
it
is, it's a big thing.
So my son is like let's just do tacos this year and I'm like that'll work. We could do turkey tacos or chicken pox.
I
know and it's good for
yeah, but still then potatoes and gravy and stuffing is down.
true. That is true because all nothing beats them, potatoes and gravy and stuffing.
I know, I know mine too numb. And then, what do you guys usually do at christmas?
People
Mhm.
What?
And
that
was
it.
What?
Thank you.
I
was like, well,
Nice.
That all my son, I like that
you had a good childhood.
Who
are? Yes, you are and that's good, you know, you are, you know,
and that's
There's a lot of people that don't care, they don't see it, they don't and it's like, you don't know how lucky you are.
That's
that's true, That is true. You know, and that we can't think that way. People can think that like it's such a different world from when I grew up. I mean you're a breath of fresh air you know
it's like I don't know it's just so different. It's not it's like a me me me all the time with people it seems like and you know they don't care about anything but themselves or what they want or their family wants or their kids want you
know.
Thank
you.
it's awful. I mean he had surgery on his foot. I don't know, it's one of them crazy things he's walking you know the kim and the kids are walking and he seasons bucket so he just kicks it and it had cemented it. Oh
who would have thought? Right so
who broke something in his foot? But he kept working with it thinking he just pulled a muscle or you know whatever so it got worse and worse and worse and worse and worse. Well he finally had surgery. He's dealt with it for years but he finally held surgery.
He wasn't he didn't even have the stitches out yet and his company was calling him when are you gonna be back? And he's like I can't even move yet you know? And they're like where you've been gone for four days. No and you know what else they did? He had the knife. He had this is so this is satan he had surgery scheduled right and he did everything the right way. Everything. They didn't pay his insurance from his paycheck the night before he had surgery. It was due that day and they took it out of his check. Never paid it. So no nothing is covered on any on his surgery or anything. So he's got to fight that because they wow. But they didn't.
The people hold
it,
And we
didn't believe
it
you do and they didn't pay his disability payment to aflac so all his income stopped. Mhm. And it's like they're trying to break him to make him go back. He can't even drive yet. I mean I could take him and pick him up but I mean he can barely walk yet you know and the doctor took them off still another month. She's like there is no way you haven't you can't even have physical therapy yet you know because it takes time to heal before you can even do it and it's like these people you know what though through it all I am a firm believer, everything what goes around comes around and they will it will come back to them and then hopefully they'll change their ways. But if they don't, then they're gonna they made their bed, they're gonna lie in it because you do that and they've done it to so many people. It's not just him. Yeah.
They're finding that out too because my son is I've always told him since he was like three years old, you should be a sale fan. I mean he was little and he would say, let me buy bubble gum and then he by bubble gum and go to school and was in kindergarten. He'd go to school and he'd sell one. You always you know, had that personality. And um he's uh he sells for them. I don't know what he does exactly,
but bomb, they thought they would be there just mean people mean spirit. And they hired another guy and then they told him, well, we're gonna have to let you go because you make too much money but we want you to train your replacement. No. So he ended up taking a $10,000 pay cut and he said I'll stick around only because he needed the insurance because he knew he was going to be having surgery ended up. He um he has all of his business on his phone. You know all his people that his customers and everything and it's not a they were too cheap to give him a phone. That's their downfall. So he has to use his own. They can't come his phone away from him. It's his phone, it's not
their
phone.
Oh let's take. Well anyway my he was my cousin is one of his or his cousin to is one of his big contracts and he didn't even know it was his cousin because he's my age. So he never, you know until my cousin says are you jodi's boy he's like Morris because of the name, you know? But anyway it ended up that um he's a he had he was a big contract he had with him and he owns the company. When they found out that they were going to let my son go. He made three phone calls and then every every contract that my son got, they were moving with him
and the owner work. Oh yeah we really we we we we made a mistake telling you that we were going to let you go.
you did. Why? You did. So it's like yeah now that you found out you're gonna lose like 75% of your business now you're scrambling. Oh Lord. So it's like I told him just you're off set things up and lee,
you
don't need to stress anymore. You don't need any of it. It's not worth it. You know, I mean, he can do so much better, but when you got three kids and
That
this yeah,
let's and he's
I
think
so.
He's gonna offers. But they're out of state. Yeah, like florida and Tennessee and different ones. I mean in a heartbeat they'll snatch him off. But I told him, you know what, you might just have to go. Me and your sister will go stay at the house because I had sold mine when I moved. So we're renting temporarily anyway. Then the kids can still come and go as they want. You know, their mamas around two and I can they get to school, get to work whatever they're gonna do and you're gonna do what you gotta do until you figure out what you're gonna do.
One is little, she's only 10 but who are like 14 and 16, so they're they're older. But I think I think his mom would be okay if they ever wanted to move down. So because she just moved closer to her mom. But that heat I like, you know, for me, I like the four seasons.
Well,
go
on.
Uh
I hate the crazy hot. But you know what nowadays without air conditioning, you
know?
Yeah. So that's cool too, you know? But I don't know, air went off my truck and I drive an old truck. I like old cars because that way if someone smacks the side, you don't get upset, you know? And uh it's
Yeah. Yeah. So I've always driven older and heat seems to come like minds. It's old, it's like a 98 little toy truck and the heat comes up. I don't know why I like from the engine they did then back then and it's like in the summer. But
yeah, and then the air went out. I didn't even notice what time we started this. Yeah.
Did we do that for the last couple of times? We we didn't start on time one day. I couldn't get it started in the guy waited thank God
it wouldn't connect and it's like what's going on?
Who?
Warm.
you write that down?
you want to get paid for it?
What?
Because I did it the one time I got stood up or as one guy says, I got left at the altar and um Mhm. Uh they got I want to say a couple of bucks because no show you know? But because you were on it for about 15 minutes they should pay you.
and told him that. Right.
Well
that's awful. Oh it takes all kinds, doesn't it?
She was just in it for the money and nothing else. I love this the first time I did it I thought I don't know.
mine too. I have had really cool people and I've only had one no show each time so that wasn't so bad. Kind of. It was like yeah.
But anyway you have a wonderful christmas in
a wonderful thanksgiving. Claire.
So nice to talk to you.
you