Mhm. Hi
hey, is this your first time doing one of these?
Uh I had one scheduled for yesterday Um and I waited like 20 minutes and then they showed up and then immediately though, Yeah,
I get I got paid I think like 2, 2 50 I think. And I was just like, well I mean it's better than nothing, but also 15 is uh it's something, did you find this through a prolific. Yeah,
yeah,
yeah. Uh I was doing that a few weeks ago when I found it and then the first person that I got matched up with, we actually had a conversation um and he was saying that he actually found it through uh mturk, you
know what that is?
Yeah. Um and uh he said that for them, they were paying 25, so I was just like, I was like well can I, you got a link for me, can I join in or something? Um I've been trying to to do mturk for a little bit, but apparently it's like uh difficulty getting for some reason.
Do
it,
Yeah, wow. Yeah, it feels like I I've heard the term slave labor go around where
it's like Mhm.
The people who I think at least have made that much, I think it's just like they dedicated as their job and I know that there's like the hit scraper stuff that like automate some tasks for you. Um and so I think they're just like they go all in, no bathroom breaks, no eating just 9 to 5, complete enter and then the rest of the day is like prolific or something and they'll just kind of match it.
Mhm. I I actually found this whole prolific m trick stuff on it, you know what Reddit is?
Yeah, be your money or no. Yeah, yeah, I I stumbled upon it and at first I was like, I'm not a drinker, I'm barely old enough from 21, but I was just like what is this subreddit? And then I was like, wait you guys make money just sitting on yourself to that I'm interested. Um And so the first one I signed up was for like swag bucks or something and it was cool, it was like, it was easier and it felt like better But it was like $5 and Amazon gift cards a month, so you were limited to only Amazon. Uh So I was just like yeah, but and then prolific came and um every month they'll post like how much a certain website has paid you and some people are like em trick 2000 prolific, 300. And I'm just like what, what are you doing? I
get like
Is this like uh, you know your full time or do you have a job and do this on the side?
I work in cybersecurity. I'm kind of doing like two, I'm in college for it and I'm almost finished. But then I also have an internship that was cool. But now I'm doing like online uh uh because of collect, we're doing like zoom meetings instead of physical. Um, but unfortunately, they did announce that they're going to open up the company like next week with like massive, like they're doing 12ft distance I guess they're doubling it just to make sure. um, it is a huge office. I'm in Los Angeles and so we have a huge office space here and so like it's going to be doable, but I just prefer to stay home honestly.
It just feels easier.
Yeah I've uh I've seen the same thing but then I've also seen like certain companies I think facebook but I can't be sure. Uh they said like okay we might go full online but you're going to get a pay cut since you're not going to be having to commute and all that and I'm just like wow it's I get why they're doing it because you will save money. But I don't think it's it's kind of like you know the nice way of doing things. It is facebook, it is a massive company so I'm not expecting them to be nice but
it's just crazy. Yeah my company hasn't said anything like that, that they've kind of been like they're still doing there, we have um uh quarterly bonuses every quarter and they're still going for it. They haven't pushed that down even though the company has been affected. I mean, you know, we used to do like physical security stuff too, not just online. I don't do that, but the company does and I'll be a part of the team that goes and I'll focus on the computer and someone else will focus on the physical. And so that was like, what one of the biggest things and obviously we can't do that now. So even though they haven't told us directly, I know the company has been affected a lot by it, but we're not seeing the effects of it, you know? Yeah.
Has your company like, have you seen effects within like any firings or anything like that?
Mm hmm.
He
did
one
different?
Order
How
is your brother? Yeah.
not
the
pain
that she expects. Yeah.
One thing.
Hard.
Yeah. Our our governor has been uh, people talk about the, the one thing I live not in L. A. But like an hour away, But I live like in an area, if you travel 10 minutes to the north, you get into rural, straight Republican conservative, I'm not going to wear a mask area. But then if you go the opposite direction, it's completely different. And so just from being outside and seeing what people are saying, you get like, you know, both sides of Muslims doing a horrible job, News needs to get kicked out. I've seen booths to have him uh, like removed signatures and stuff. But then I've also seen protesters who are like he's doing a great job. So you know no one's perfect, you're always gonna have people who want to kick you out and stuff. But I think he's done a pretty good job. I think that especially like in terms of like the health aspect of it, I know that we essentially shut down for a few weeks and um it was during the whole toilet papers, missing stuff where there was none, everything was just shut down. The company had had also mentioned like a stay home if you get sick, our company has pandemic pay. Um
So if if if you get sick and you like, even if you can't work even online you'll still get paid but only for like two weeks tax. And I know that one of the people on my team had it and they couldn't, they were like actually in the hospital and so they couldn't but like work but they were still paid however at the two week mark they were let go because they were just like, you know we've we've done what we can um we'll give you a position when you come back if we have one but we just can't afford to keep you on board if you're not working beyond these two weeks. Um Yeah. So it was like good news you get paid but bad news if you if you're still sick after two weeks you're on your own.
Bye. Yeah.
I think it's exposed like people is like, I know I've heard the term most people aren't like financially ready for a missed paycheck or something
and
I think I think this pandemic has like shown that to a lot of people. Yeah.
Three.
It's
something, yeah.
I
was
like,
We have
been about
All
College.
That's a bigger
issue.
Yeah.
Mhm.
We thought about that too. It's it's really difficult. We thought about new Zealand too. I have family there. Um, their immigration is very strict. You need to have like you need to be employed in the field, they need you need to have zero criminal record. I think even if you have like speeding tickets, the move you into consideration and I'm just like, I get it. It makes me feel safer if I get in, but also I really want to get in. Um, even if we're like, you know, even if we're near the end of trump's, you know, time and we get someone new, I still feel like there's issues here that I don't really want to be a part of like, you know, it was pay um Yeah, it's really difficult. I've uh I went to university in Washington state and um it was a completely different like aspect, you know, from uh working and living in like industrial area to being in the wilderness because I went to a university in the very middle of the state and like the actual city was like desert ish. But if you travel a little bit out, it was mountain and snow and trees and so it was complete opposite. And so I know Canada is a little bit of both where you have, you know, nature and all that and you have a few cities here and there and new Zealand is like Holderness. Uh
now
trends and
stuff like Michael
Dog. Yeah. What?
Your
cases.
I
have
directed
my
things here,
You're probably
I can't
either.
I
can't
either.
Tech.
ideal compliance
about
out there.
Manual
labor stuff.
Yeah. No, I I tried learning uh computer programming to people assume I know it and I know like one, I don't know if you know what Lennox is, but uh it's not programming, but it kind of looks like it if you're in the terminal. So I'll be on Lennox and they'll kind of assume I know computer programming. So that gives me a question that I have zero clue. I tried learning it. I made it past a half hour tutorial on python. And then my brain exploded and I'm just like, I have zero clue what's going on and I'm tired of it. Um You need to have like quantitative stuff. Like I know that if you're good at math, you're like sort of naturally good at programming. And I was an f student in math. I barely may. I barely graduated high school because of math. Everything else with B's and A's, math was always f 30. Um Even in college I just barely passed algebra. I did not, I never made it to a geometry class or anything like that. And so with programming, you know, it looks like a great field. I know that programming, it's one of those things where you can do completely online. You can be, you can work completely remote even before corona, but it's just so difficult to wrap my head around like what are you doing and you're just like typing away and all that.
Hi.
My
water.
This step.
This way.
hm. What what do you do exactly? You said management earlier now?
How?
Yeah. I still feel like that's an in demand field. Every company needs like some sort of book keeping people at that.
It's not enough
to work. Yeah. Yeah.
No. Yeah,
I I've worked corporate since leaving college And it's uh it's nice because of the pay. I mean, I don't know what you've heard about cybersecurity, but everyone always taunts to pay about how high it is. And it's true my first job out of college, I was making 65, which is great. Yeah, it was great and full benefits and everything. Um and so, you know, there's a lot to it And the thing about my field is that everyone hears about, you know, Hey, you can make six figures easily and you can, I'm near it right now. I'm like at 85 or something.
Um and like I said, you get quarterly bonuses and stuff, so it's like climbing every day. I'm sure we're going to take a hit soon. I feel like the company adventure is going to be like, wow, okay, we need to stop these. But you know, it's good and because everyone always taunts the pay people trying to get into it um that don't really know what they're doing. And so it kind of saturates the field. And so I know when I was interviewing for this position, we had like 250 applicants and I was, I was near the very end And I got in and so I'm just like, I, I was considering leaving because it was an office building and I was, you know, I think it was like, like eight. a.m. And so I was just like, yeah, I'm going to go home because all these people versus me there's no way. And like, you know, obviously the cover doesn't tell the full story, but these people look like they knew what they were doing. Um Apparently they didn't or something and they didn't get chosen because I know I was the only one that to get chosen out of all that all those people. But yeah, it's uh
it's crazy. Yes.
Yeah.
Mhm.
All
I
don't
think
I'll be crying.
That's right.
Don't worry.
dramatic change.
You were
funny.
That's
it. Right.
Thank
you.
The wall still hasn't been bill and it's been four years. So I think that should be enough to tell people that maybe this isn't working, but
It's uh it's crazy.
I think
this
thing. Yeah.
by
some
states.
masks are bad, yeah.
I never thought a pandemic would be politicized to this, to this strongly. It doesn't, I don't I don't think it ever has to this, just like to this extent. Um I know for a little while in college, I wanted to do like epidemiology Medical School was hella expensive, so I said no way. But I took a course in like, you know, we learned about how the black death started and all that and it seems that then in cholera and even Ebola medical doctor said, hey, do this and everyone said, okay, let's do it. But then here, you know, to be completely fair at first vouching everyone was saying don't wear a mask, it's fine, but then it evolves, you know, the thing with medicine is that it evolves with time. And so then they were like, wow, it's better to wear than nothing. But people just had made up their mind and so trying to go into star with stores without masks and all that stuff and then the workers are being attacked for trying to enforce it. I know that uh, I forget what state it was, but a state just passed a law where it's like a felony now
to attack a worker.
I was, I was thinking, I was like, I'm not sure if it is. Yeah. And so that's good. I guess that's something to come of it, but it's just crazy that it's been politicized this much. Yeah.
I
get here
already.
Heidi
time.
Thank
you.
I know. Right.
It's
like
three,
Great.
Wait,
Okay.
of
great.
No. Yeah, I think I know what you're saying is that we we've kinda had these issues but we haven't really had to like face them directly. And so maybe I think to illustrate it um instead of focusing on the virus, I feel like especially some republicans have kind of like said just turn around and it won't be there, it's fine. Um but in doing so we face deeper issues. Um and so, you know, especially with the protests going on, I felt like that just shows like how divided we were um deep down and then this just kind of brought it all together to truly show us just how crazy it is. But then new Zealand is they're having zero cases for 100 days. We're just saying can we have that? No. Okay,
well
They had one case I think I heard it might be like a new outbreak, but the fact that they still made it 100 days without should speak more than a new outbreak. But it's
crazy. Mhm.
Lot.
I won't let's
stop me.
Thank you