Hello?
Uh No, I've done a couple others the first.
you get, you didn't get paid,
Yes,
pretty cool app.
emperor.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
yeah. You know, I I've been on mturk for, I don't know, probably like three years um and it hasn't been like, I haven't made a lot of money doing it. Um a lot of it's like, I don't know if, you know like, like some of the tasks are like, you know, like transcribe this like audio into text and I don't know, it's like three minutes of audio, but it only pays like Like five cents or something. And so you know, like after a while you do like, I don't know like 20 of them, you only make like 60 cents, like it's it's not like big cash kind of stuff. Yeah, I don't know how people do so well
on mturk,
but yeah,
mean
I don't do it enough, but yeah, I because I I read something about it initially um I heard, oh you know this guy made like 10 grand or something doing it in like a year, I was like oh that's pretty good supplementary income, and then I got on and I'm like oh I've probably made like 100 bucks in like three years of doing it. Yeah, so
Yeah yeah, I I cannot unfortunately, I can't do that kind of that kind of lifestyle, but some people can, yeah. Uh huh.
Oh yeah, that's actually how I found about prolific too,
I know,
I I see the same stuff and I'm like my god, like I I'm doing something wrong or I'm not getting these these hits, like I mean yeah,
no I have a full time job so um I have a pretty like flexible schedule. Um like today I'm probably like um I usually work like 8-4 central. Um So yeah I work in operations and finance and right now because of the pandemic, I'm working from home so I've been getting up at like seven and just working until like 3 30 ish. So yeah. What about you?
Yeah, I mean
yeah it seems like I mean it seems like the technology space, it just seems like it's like something that can very easily be done at home. I mean like my work, there's really no reason I need to go in the office, so I mean um I work in a higher ed so I um yeah I mean all all the stuff I do is computer based, I don't like see clients or anything so. Yeah.
yeah, that's crazy,
Yeah.
Um Yeah, I mean there's been some furloughs um
but it hasn't, I haven't, I mean there's been a couple
of
people on my team who were let go um but a lot of the
people like I've just been noticing
like throughout the organization, there's like people who are just getting furloughed or um
There is one lady I know who um she I think she works, she is still considered a full time employee. But um because she's hourly
like she was
She was making you know like uh like kind of a set salary but she was paid by the hour but now her her hours were reduced to 30 so she still gets benefits. but Like she just
lost
10
hours
Yeah, it is what it is, I mean it's I've had friends who've lost their jobs I've um yeah it's it's rough it's really rough but you know one good thing is
um I like like you for instance you're in California you guys have a pretty like solid um like Newsome I think he's a pretty solid like governor like um ours
is he's okay I'm in Chicago so um yeah he's kind of a corporate fat cats so yeah but yeah
Oh that's
that's crazy.
yeah
no truly
truly
Yeah and this you know I know um There's a there's a lot floating around about you know um I don't know if you if you I'm sure you've heard Trump past that unemployment it's now down from I think 600 weekly to 400. And I remember like I remember when like the 600 thing first came
out, I was like okay that's that is like hardly acceptable but
it's it's ok
now it's like you
know
these
some of these senators are like oh well you know people are getting paid more to like you know sit around
unemployment
and blah blah
blah and it's just like that's that's such a huge issue though like if If getting an extra $600 a week
like means that you're getting paid more than you know you would as an employed person like that's
issue
so it I don't know I'm yeah I'm actually um
my my partner and I are actually um um
we were considering I have uh I have family in Canada so I'm uh I don't know, I'm gonna start reaching out to them, maybe I can get dual citizenship or something uh huh
New
Zealand
though,
like um
I I forgot the Prime Minister's name but oh my God she's doing amazing um yet new Zealand they they've
got
they've got the rack together man, like I I've also
heard and
I
think you're really
fortunate
um to be like tech minded, I tried taking like computer programming classes
and I mean that shit just
goes
way
over
my head
so I it's good that you're working in kind of like cybersecurity,
I mean it's possible that you might be able to find something
you know
out there um
yeah, I mean yeah, I think you'd have a better shot than if you were doing some like you know desk work or
something
yeah or that, yep.
Yeah, and you know, it was like um because I took a couple of classes and I was just like
the whole time I was like looking around and like I am I the only one like who doesn't know what the hell this guy's talking about like, and I I could watch
videos
until I was blue in the face and I still, I mean I can do like some front end stuff like and by like God help me if I need to do anything with like, like you said, python
javascript like no,
I'd I'd rather eat worms like I
so I work in operations
and finance, so um I do a lot of database management, I do um like bookkeeping accounts, payable kind of stuff. Yeah.
yeah, they do, yeah, it's it's I'm definitely um I come from a nonprofit background so um yeah I'm hoping once all this blows over I can start transitioning into something like I don't know, a little bit less corporate
but
So
that's
That's great.
That's great.
Yeah. Yeah. So
but yeah we'll see what happens. Yeah.
Yeah I I think no matter what in
november it's like you said it's not going to be it's not going to be ideal. I mean
well I think it would be
more
ideal
you know if the dem if biden
wins
but I think it won't be like nearly like we won't
yeah it won't be a dramatic change. It will be a very like
subtle
change versus trump. I mean if trump gets reelected like holy hell
like
I I will I will like go to Manitoba and flip hamburgers
if I have
to like I will do whatever I need to do to get the hell out
hey you know. Mm
Yeah yeah I mean it's it's
it's
definitely
this whole pandemic, I'm hoping it really wakes people up um and I somehow
I don't think it
will,
I mean there's always gonna be these crazy right wing nuts. Who?
are bad you know like uh the pandemic is a hoax. All this shit. Uh huh
Oh it's Illinois
yeah it was Illinois
I yeah I mean I guess um I mean there's
I
am
I'm
originally
from michigan
so
I know like
it like breaks
my
heart
seeing all of these like crazy right
wingers with their rifles
and shit like going up to the capital and you know, I just, oh my God, I'm just like, come on, like how how are people this stupid, how are people this like selfish? Um So I mean there's this pandemic has like I feel like opened up a lot
of, a lot of wounds in
this
country and yeah, I don't know. I don't know how, yeah, I don't know how these these wounds can be repaired. I mean, even with like a democrat in office. Yeah.
Never,
never, never.
I completely
All right, well, I think our
time is up here. Um Yeah, 25 minutes. Yeah. All right. Well,
it was
it was nice talking to you and good luck with your career and uh Yeah. Yeah.
All right, I'll talk to you by.