Hey. Uh I hope I haven't been waiting too long.
Uh Yeah. Yeah. Sounds fine you hear me?
It's
it's just now noon for me uh
Oregon. Although I'm from California still. Yeah.
Uh Never been.
Yeah. Yeah it goes California Oregon Washington.
Two.
uh yeah a few times. This is my 5th, 5th 1 I think
I did four earlier in the year. And then I just got the thing they said, oh yeah you can do up to up to six now and yeah these
these are
Um Not so not really, nothing,
nothing super awkward or anything. Oh what happened?
That does sound pretty weird. Huh? Yeah, I mean you're that's a lot of stuff to put off limits. Yeah.
Um I've actually I've I guess I've been doing this for about a year now. I started I started it late last year, I started doing prolific and ah what I started working for rev they the youtube captioning and transcription. Well I kind of like prolific more, It's it's easier and uh it's it's easier, surveys are less reliably available as far as, you know, getting work. But also I think, I think politic pays better a lot of the time. Okay. Mhm.
What?
but
everybody
business surveys you mean or?
That's that's not, I mean, I I've done back when you could go outside and in a room with people, I would occasionally do focus groups. Uh although those were, those were also relatively few and far between. Yes. You know, they certainly compared to two prolific or, or rev or something where, you know, you probably got something every day.
Yeah, I like, I like I prolific says I've made, I think, I think I just crossed £800 since I started
using prolific and Yeah, that's that's not bad. I mean that's the exchange rate. That's that's like 1000 bucks that I wouldn't have had otherwise. That's thank you.
yeah. I mean half half the time they'll uh, they'll top of them seem like they want you to guess because then at the end of like, oh, what did you think this was about? I was like, well,
I mean he asked me a bunch of stuff about racism. So this is probably about that. Yeah.
No.
Um, I am
in
my, my main job is digest right now is I'm a freelance programmer and I mean I'm I'm looking for like work with an actual company. But I thought, you know, there's got to be, there must be a way to make money on the internet. I know people do that and I sort of why I started googling around, uh I found a reddit thread. I think it was on a car, a reddit, you know, separate on
but on, you know, wait, wait non scam ways to make some amount of money online and basically, you know, they do exist. They're not usually super lucrative compared to if you had a job, job. But my my my parents are helping me out with with rent. So I figured I, you know, I, I should I should be doing something Uh, to make one some money. Will you actually rather I found it, it's called, it's called
beer money. I think so a lot of this stuff on there, you know, it's with the understanding that this is like if you, it's not, it's not live on it money, but it's, You know, it's like $50 a week or something. Which is, which, which is what I make on a good week and in prolific. Not always, but especially earlier in the year when, I mean when in like March, when, you know, there were all those coronavirus Studies and a lot of warm world occurring and they'd pay 10 bucks. Uh, thinking I've still got a couple of those that are going, but a lot of them have also have also wrapped already. Yeah.
Yeah, I got, I got rev I got prolific and I also, I signed up for swag bucks, which I hate that name. But I, so a swag bucks seems like it seems like it requires a lot of investment to really get that going. And
also,
yeah, also a lot of stuff on there seems like you've got to spend money to make money. They're basically like they want, they want your grocery receipts or they want me to, you know, sign up for hulu, which unfortunately I'm already on hulu so I couldn't get that like $20 unless I wanted to make a new camp. But yeah, it seemed like a lot of work. So I hit like I get $20 on there and then I just cashed out with a gift card.
Yeah. Well then the issue I had with their surveys is because I think the prolific does you fill out all their demographic stuff and then they do the screening for you where with prolific you're just with with swag bucks, you're just sort of picking a random picking out of the giant list of surveys and then hoping that you don't get screened out because it turns out oh they wanted to sell me a car or something. But I don't yeah, but I don't have a car. So. Yeah.
Like like it occurred I was doing the videos. I mean I was I was really just trying to hit those daily minimums to get the bonus and doing even doing that was was taking a lot of time. And it occurred to me that there's probably some some sort of system I could set up to maybe make the videos, watch and rate themselves. But also that seems like the sort of thing that might get me kicked out if they found out I was doing that.
But you
gotta you
gotta
rape
them up or down at the end. Right.
Oh they don't
have
another
one. All right. Well I remember was that I would play through, you would play videos and then I would give it a thumbs up or a thumbs down and then it would show me another video and then every like 10, 5 or 10 videos I would get a bonus or something.
Yeah, basically, uh my my my thing I was doing, I had, I had to click occasionally as I was thinking, man, if I could just set up something so it would automatically click in this area, then I could just like leave this on all the time. But also you
all
know
pinball.
Oh yeah, I mean, I mean like with prolific, I just, I mean now basically since it goes into paypal, I just, if I, if I want something online, I get it with that money instead of my, my my bank account. That I mean if I, if I, if I, if I really clamp down on on on spending there and I just, you know, saved it up for a while. I probably, I could probably replace this laptop when it, when it eventually uh goes out or something. It's Or or I could or I could buy a switch or a PS5 or something basically if I just let this accumulate for a bit, so you know that's that's something,
yeah, stocks, stocks started bad,
that idea. I mean if I knew anything about stocks uh would probably be a possibility, but I mean it's the I'm sure there's somewhere I could learn about that.
Like how how much do you need to invest in something like as a baseline, like is it like 2050, 100? I mean, I assume there's a a floor
I
recognized some of the company names. Uh huh,
I mean I've got a friend who does, he he doesn't use uh he doesn't do prolific and stuff, I don't think, but he I think he's got an app that like you that you know, he that lets him put some he put some small amount of money a month into stocks through some app. He's God I know, I mean I know this, I know this stuff is doable, I've just never really looked into it I guess.
Oh I'm I'm 33.
Uh huh. I I haven't heard of, I have not heard of the financial independence movement.
Never
time.
Yeah, I mean not that sounds like a good idea.
Oh yeah, I mean listen this this isn't this isn't bad. Yeah,
no it's always the like oh God what if I who am I going to end up with? I hope that I can Talk to them for 25 minutes. uh Mhm.
Not Really, No one, No 1,
No one, no one too bad in that, in that respect,
the
traffic feature. You mean where I didn't, we have those in California. I know I, I live in Portland now, but I moved here from bend, which is more in central oriental while back and bend has roundabouts, which I had never seen before in America certainly.
Um I've been to, I've been to uh the U. K. Where I have been to the UK and I've been to Italy when I was in, when I was in high school, we, my family took a couple of vacations to Italy, which I would love to go back now at the time, I was a teenager and I wanted to spend my spring break at home playing video
games and
I, I mean it was, I ended up, I ended up having fun, but I complained a lot and I mean I still kind of, I, my parents really wanted to see, it felt like they wanted to see every single church and cathedral in Rome, which even now
I would probably have other priorities, but uh but you know, yeah, like now that I'm older, I'm glad that I got to go to Italy and like I say, I would love to return there sometime when, when world events
But
jesus,
I mean my parents do, my parents still do uh they're really not, not, maybe not that much traveling, but they say that they had to call them stuff off because they're they're in California, so they, they've really got a, because Oregon Oregon is not doing too bad with, with covid, at least not in, not in Portland. I think the outlying more rural, some of the more rural counties are are having trouble, but like here here in the city I can like I go out, I wear a mask but I don't generally feel like oh god I'm gonna I'm going to get it. Um Given what like the numbers are, but I'm a little I'm a little, I'm a little worried about my parents. But also, I mean I know they're not gone the, you know, they know what the they know what precautions they've got to take and they're and they're doing that, they're not they're not going to the beach.
Yeah that that's like like I said I've got I guess I've Oregon is not doing too bad. But yeah, I got a lot of friends in other states who are like boy, I sure hope that I go and I can get groceries and not uh come back with anything terrible,
come
in. Yeah, no coming out the other end of this, I mean I've I've been growing my hair out, I actually, my last haircut was in March, and it was like two days before everything started closing down here. Right, nah, uh
um I I started a timer on my phone a little bit after we started talking, and it's at 23 minutes and 45 seconds, so, I
mean
if this is another Another yeah, because they they made a big deal and they made a big deal in the instructions on this one, but I don't remember previously about how it has to be 25 minutes, 24 minutes is not.
Oh yeah, that yeah, that was weird and it seemed to go on and on, and eventually I was just sort of eventually, I was like, I you know, I I may I make an effort when a prolific thing asks me to determine something to actually figure out. But a lot of you got, you got four options and sometimes it didn't seem like any of them could really be gleaned from looking at a close up of some companies like, well, like this person could be panicked,
Yeah. Like I don't, I don't, I don't, you know, I always try to strive for something more than just random clicking, but it's
like
You're thinking there was, there was no percentage bar. Like you sometimes get to at least know uh how far for something like that. Yeah, that was that was that was a little weird. Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. We're
25. So
it's like, like as a swag bucks, just, it seems like you need to have more of a, like you have to sort of have more of an operation built up for it than I.
Yeah. And then good luck. Best of luck with the stocks and and spying books and financial independence. Yes.
Have a good one.