Hello? Hello? No. Oh Uh huh Mhm Mhm Right Mhm All right. Mhm Okay. Mhm Yes yeah. Hi
no, can you hear me Okay?
Perfect. How are you doing this monday right now for me it's an afternoon. I'm not sure if it's afternoon for you or still
morning
California?
florida.
Right. Oh well I haven't been to Oregon either I don't think, No, that one's below Washington. Right,
okay, so I've been through Washington. I haven't been Oregon yet so soon. Maybe I'll see. So
have you done this before?
me too, congrats.
All
They're fun. Did you have any weird ones?
I had one.
Oh the guy I believe was in africa and he was on a VPN and he wouldn't tell me anything, he wouldn't tell me his name, he wouldn't tell me where he was, wouldn't tell me anything about himself. Yeah, so I just sat there like um okay, like, and so he he just couldn't, I knew he was trying to game the system by being on a VPN, right, and I understood that completely, but it was very hard when, you know, I was like, oh, so what about your family? And he's like, I can't talk about that, okay, uh what about your education? I can't talk about that. So that was, and then, you know, he was like, oh let's talk about movies and I was like great. And he's like, I like horror movies and I was like awesome, which one's your favorite? And he's like, Jason Freddy. Okay, so it was weird.
so anyway, so how long we've been with prolific?
Yeah, I've been doing like even market research
and that's been a good player. So have you been
doing
any of those stuff?
Well, sort of their like, um, so just recently I had one from amazon so I would tell them like I have an amazon echo dot and so I would tell them all the commands that I've done. Um And what I would like to see improved upon And they sent me $150 and it was an hour worth of my time. So I've done one from facebook and I can't tell you about that because I had to sign an N. D. A. Um but usually I try to look for those that are between 60 to $150 per hour And I make about $2,000 a month.
All right. Yeah that is the tough part with market research. Is that you it's not study it's either feast or famine like right now like two weeks ago I had tons of studies this week. Nothing so it's kind of uh right, it's a good way to make some money.
That's awesome,
And it doesn't take much time. And I actually I like doing the prolific studies because then I can kind of try to figure out what they're trying to ask. You know, like some of the questions you're just like, well what are they really trying to look for here?
So what got you?
hate the ones, I hate the math ones, the ones where they're just like where the math gets harder and harder and harder and then they're like, you have failed. How do you feel about that? Well,
I feel pretty stupid. Thanks. But hm. So what got you going into prolific and rev
for
me?
Fuck.
What?
I saw the same subreddit thread and that's how I got into prolific.
I've
done swag bucks for 10 years.
Yeah. I do the surveys and I do the videos. Um and they've been getting a lot more like panel research. So for instance last Tuesday or Wednesday, I did one on pasta and it paid me $18 for an hour. I wasn't doing anything, so I figured why not? Um But yeah, it's really slow going for the amount of work that you have to put into it.
All right. And that's where I think the time consuming is, I mean I try to only spend like an hour a day Um doing swag bucks and I make about a 100 $25 a month on that. But the amount of time that you do spend on it, it's really not worth it Unless you have like 10,000 hours of time and you know, stuck inside.
Right. So there is a trick basically leave your computer on overnight, go into the watch tab on the left hand side and find the ones that have the little circular thing. And those are automatic videos. Let those play
layoff.
Let
those
play.
No,
don't
play
automatically.
All right. So, yeah, I mean, like I said, I just let my computer run on light and get those little 5 to 10 cents or whatever, but it meets the daily goal, so
You
know,
and the thing is, is like,
like you said, with like the beer money, you're never going to get rich with these, but they do put a little bit of jingle in your in your pocket. So I I say everything adds up pretty quickly.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean for me I'm always like it gets it doesn't so I buy stocks with my swag bucks and I'm paying off my student loan with the papal. So I mean for me it's every little bit is adding up right now, so I'm so happy just to have found prolific and and swag bucks when I did so.
So
sure if you're on twitter, there's the invested diplomats and there's invested dividends and um no, I mean I've been investing new number of years so um you know go with something that you know and start investing in it and then start learning.
well I use I use stockpile which is 99 cents per trade, but they let you buy fractional shares at $5 So you can just invest $5, but then you'd have to subtract that $99 to purchase that stocks you're only making for, you know what I'm saying? So if a stock with pen, you're only buying $4 worth of that share. So um but swag bucks, if you go into the reward store and type in stockpile, they have stockpiled gift cards where they pay the commission for the fee for the trade. So I get $25 in gift cards. So I've been buying like A. T. And T. Um Philip Morris, you know Leggett and Platt Newell and then of course have bonds and an E. P. F. Well in a few reads, but the reeds are not doing good, so don't get it to reads right now, I'm sure that just all went over your head a
little bit.
Okay. So yeah if you just start doing like $5 uh we you'll start growing and what I've done is just start um Just $25 a month And I'm up to $6,000. So. Right.
because how old are you if you don't mind me asking?
Okay You know because right now I'm 43 and then my husband is 39 and I'm trying to get him the early retirement. And so if you haven't heard of like the financial independence movement, have you heard of fire or anything like that?
Okay basically it just says try to accumulate as much money as you possibly can. Um so that you can retire early before the age of 65 so that you can start living life, you can live life on your own terms. You know the financial independence part. Um So we have six more years and will be able to retire. So my husband will be 45 And I will be 50. So I'm hoping hoping, hoping, hoping. But
you know if
you go in like yeah a podcast would be choose F I that's a good podcast to check out and that's where we got started. Um and so right now I think we're saving 55% of our income so Mhm. Yeah
it's so fun, it's so hard to try to talk to a stranger because it's like I don't know like what to say and I don't know how it will come across, like I never want to sound preachy or anything but I'm also interested in like what your life experiences. So it's so hard with these little chats that they set up with us.
huh.
Did you have anybody who didn't shut up Who just kept talking and parking? And then
well
I had a guy from California who told me all about roundabouts, in detail
about roundabouts.
So what do you say in America? Where have you travelled?
but
right, so you didn't get it?
nonsense,
settle down.
I'm right. I don't know. I mean I had so I had $21,000 worth of travel lined up for this year Including a three week tour in Tokyo, but first class airlines and uh had a Hawaiian cruise for this end of this year. Everything's canceled everything and the bad part is is that I've only gotten I don't even think I've gotten half of my money back. I think I've gotten $2,000 back right now so I took so much time like I travel, hacked it. So like the air fires were all taken care of. The cruise was paid for, everything was, you know, but this was like, it would have been $21,000 if you would've had to pay for it out of pocket instead
of using credit card points. Right? And I still have only gotten, I want to say $1,500 back. So it's it is what it is, but I feel almost like all my planning, like I had spreadsheets, that's how dedicated I was to this, I had spreadsheets and uh I just feel like the entire last year was for not because I can't travel this year, so I'm a little Uh huh I'm sad. Right.
right now it's it's hard, it is, it's you know, for me being in florida, I mean where are cases exploded in june in july because everything opened back up and it was like stepping out of your house was like you're taking your life in your own hands because people weren't wearing masks and you know, people were in social distancing. And then as now, like every store and restaurant down here, you have to wear a mask to be admitted. Now, it's like 99% compliance with everybody wearing mass. Um but if the governor didn't do that, that was just individual businesses. So yeah.
All right. So, you know where the thing is, is that the way I look at it is we're surviving Covid I almost feel like I could take on the world, you know, like I've made it, I stayed home and watched too little. Right. I mean, we did
this stuff.
Yeah, it's crazy. But I think that's our time. It's been 25 minutes. Or do you have something different?
All
right. We've got another minute and 15.
Did you because I haven't been on one of these chats in over a month now? But did you think that it was like a little bit weird with the eyes? Did you get the eyes where you have to think of where they were or what they were trying to convey?
Or like when they would do this? Is she surprised? And you're like, no, I don't know. And you're just like, I'm taking a best guess on this one.
I
tried to give it all my attention, but at the end I was just like when will this end? Because it was just so new? He was so odd to
then we make it
all
right, well, it was great chatting with you stay safe and I hope you find more income opportunities other than swag bucks.
You got to have a routine.
There you go. Alright, well, calculator or not?