Hi,
I'm glad, how are you? Hi, what's
your name? Sure.
And
yeah, I'm from pennsylvania, How about you?
cool. That's quite a way.
Um it's
also pretty hot. It's I want to say in like the Upper 80s
low 90s.
Um Well it's a little cooler in the morning, but uh I mean
Check it's 79° right now
but
for 73,
but it's because it's like morning. Yeah.
okay. Yeah, it's not bad hot here. Yeah.
I just graduated college. Um Like last, last august I mean I guess it's not just graduated, I still feel like it's pretty recent. Um
And
I'm working
full time. Yeah.
Um I was a double major in
finance and business information systems.
Yeah I am um I may uh technology consultant so um it's kind of yeah, that's
No,
no
I I just I don't want to say I'm prolific. I'm sorry. I just I I feel like, yeah, but it's a small private school um that's actually pretty close to my house. Yeah.
Um How are you?
cool cool. So
are you a financial advisor or what's
what's
your jumping
and I was okay.
Did you just graduate as well?
Oh okay
I'm sorry I can't talk.
Um I mean there's a lot of corn fields, a lot of corn fields, lots of blue skies, lots of trees so. Yeah. Yeah it's uh it's picturesque
I guess. Yeah but there's not there's not that
much
to do especially with Covid but um it's it puts me in a good mood I want to say
I love.
Yeah. How about
you?
I'm sorry I I think there's a lag I think there's like a lag in the audio so go go ahead Say what you were gonna say.
Thanks.
That's right
I
I normally work out of new york city but I moved back home to P. A. Because like because
of covid everything was remote. Um But I've been trying to like exercise
more. Um And I mean I can't
really do much right now. I I kind of go and play some tennis with my sister and my mom sometimes. Um um
Yeah that's about and I work full time and I guess I surf Reddit there's it's not really anything else and I am
consistent. Yeah.
All
I bought
stationary bike
and
I don't want to use me. No no no not a pelican. I don't even use it though.
Yeah it is actually a two things drying on it right now.
Yeah.
Yes uh New york was very busy but I feel like new york's one of those uh cities where
um people aren't very nice I guess they're very like it's very fast paced. Um It's definitely different from like from like a I don't know if I'm I'm like a
like
like a
everyone's just kind of in a rush trying to get where they want to get. Uh
Yeah it would, I feel like it kind of built up because I went to like a small town high school and then uh my college had a lot of um racial diversity and and and I I really enjoyed that. Um I feel like I didn't see many asians when I was in high school where I was like in college actually met a lot more asians and like that was kind of nice. Um And then like in new york I meet like even more asians and it's just like I don't know it's just nice I guess. Mhm.
No.
Uh Yeah me too.
Yeah. Yeah I do I do like asian food I think I like it I think I've um I think I've definitely tried more of it
since since going to college. I know I know that sounds like weird but like um I never had I never had thai
food
before going to
college and like I never had like I never really had korean was like one of those things but I've had like chinese because I am chinese so. Yes.
Yeah.
that's really good. Yeah.
No.
Um Yeah. Yeah I I don't I don't know I think I just got bored because normally at work I I have a lot of like gaps and um a friend just recommended it um you know just to kill time while still being productive
so I was like I'll sign up for it,
check
this.
Yeah. Um I want to say a month month or a month. Yeah.
yeah.
Uh
I
no
I'm still I
can see you.
this is weird
Yeah
yeah.
Um
Okay I I don't I do some user testing outside of that. Not really. Yes. Uh These are testing dot com.
It gives me anxiety but I think it's helped me a lot with public speaking. Yeah.
Um I actually actually do quite a lot of presentation uh just because
I'm like
entry level so I'm kind of expected to like put together. Um So I am like present them to the client, but.
Uh huh I try my best. Mhm.
Yeah, I think
I think I think uh what was I gonna say? Oh yeah, I was definitely worried about like layoffs. I don't know why. I think it's a very um it's very
unreasonable
for me to think about that because I feel like partners
would go first. Like I've just been that's like kind of what I've been thinking about when I think
about work. Yeah.
Do you think?
yeah.
No.
Good night.
And a sax.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
I
no,
I bought that during
Covid and I I didn't point. Oh
I have
an app,
I don't um yeah,
it kind of hurts your fingers.
I
do have a pick, I do have a pick but it's just not as intuitive I guess. Uh
it's a decoration now,
the most
recent.
Yes, next to my bike.
Here
is it? Yeah.
I said.
Yeah.
Uh Yeah I do like to travel um But I I feel like I am, I mean I just graduated so I don't I never really had that much of a chance to travel other than um study abroad. I studied abroad in shanghai which was pretty cool. Um But um I I don't think we'll anywhere super like exotic or super out of the norm I guess. Um like I guess some countries in Asia, some states but definitely not all 50 states, so still very much not not not well traveled.
I've seen pictures of Greece and it's just so like
it's so um
pastel colored and like I don't know the buildings, it's like really, it's really cool.
Well.
What?
Uh No, no it was just shanghai. Um it was too expensive to go like too many voices. Um And also I had some internships um during the time that I wasn't there, so I I didn't really have done that either. Yeah.
I would say I'm pretty I'm pretty good
with
mandarin. Um But I'm definitely not like expert or like I'm not even really professional level, but like my my my firm likes to say that I'm bilingual to the client, I'm I'm not but okay, it helps me get on
projects that I want to be on, so.
Sorry?
yeah, I need to meet you. My my grandmother always spoke
with
um very like local dialect uh like it's such a small amount of people speak it and like my parents speak to her in it, but like I don't really understand it that that well. Yeah.
Do you do you have any kids?
Oh,
do
you you
want to have
more?
this is funny.
you do you plan on having more kids?
I am, I mean, I mean I'm not like at the point where you are married and you know, settle down and at a really good place in your career. Um I but I've been like I kind of do, I kind
of
don't
um I kind of like sometimes just want like five dogs and call it a day, but I don't think I don't know. Yeah.
Well yeah,
did your parents
ever like say anything about, like, I don't know because because asian parents tend to be a little bit more, you know, disappointed.
What?
When did you guys get married?
uh okay. 10 years,
And
What?
What made
you want to have kids? Uh huh.
And
what? Yeah,
Yeah, I am.
No, no, thank you, thank you. I I definitely appreciate it because I know that you're definitely very similar to me and I guess it's almost funny like looking at future me
like
what
what good decisions I can make.
Tesla.
that's true.
Yeah. I think um I think definitely
that like like saving is is a great piece of advice. Um I've been trying to save more but also a I feel like if I were to move back into the city, rent is just going to be so expensive.
All
Thanks.
Yeah. 100% remote. Until at least January but until further notice. Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah. I don't see that happening either. Yeah.
sorry, sorry, I don't I don't mean I don't mean to cut the conversation short or um but I have a meeting um That to run to unfortunately. I still I still work today. Yeah.
Yeah. It was great.
Doctors
were
doing,
Thanks.