Yeah. All right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. What? Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. All right. I see, china. Mhm. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah.
How are you?
How?
Okay.
We're part of the country, are you from?
Texas, sure.
it is. It's also very hot. What's the weather like up in pennsylvania
and
And my editor
add right now or?
And
Okay.
Okay. It's about
the same.
Yeah. Okay. It's 80° here right now. So usually get, I think today is that we're going to be about 100. It's pretty hot. Yeah.
So, what, what, what do you do up in pennsylvania?
that's that's
very recently
menu.
do you, where do you get your major in?
And?
Okay, awesome. So I guess you're using between again? Well,
You go to Penn State or or did he, did you go to
school
in?
not fair enough.
I was also a double major, quite a ways to go uh finance and accounting. So, uh I work in finance now here and for a company here in texas. Um
Uh
not
to that,
it's more of an analyst position. Uh huh.
So it's not, it's not,
no, I graduated uh, Like 15 years ago. Yeah.
Yeah,
no, no worries. Um, yeah, it's cool. Uh, yeah. So what is there to do up in pennsylvania? Anything binary interesting in pennsylvania?
All
I
think.
That's good. That's yes, that's all that matters. Not that you can
put you put yourself in a good mood. Yeah, There's not well since Covid, I think everyone
was.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. What's your question?
Okay. Uh, No, I'm just saying uh, it's, there's really not much to do now since we're in covid times. Um But normal times it's I think texas is a concrete jungle at
least for the big cities where really isn't any like greenery and could dress stuff things to see
all about the concrete and buildings and Hubble bubble wrap. So what do you I guess
besides the picturesque? Yeah.
I know.
Heart.
I heard
All right.
not
life is uh I think she's got cabin fever since we've been stuck in the house and like she likes to work out to just big she's big on running. So um he's like hounding us to go goodbye a treadmill so we can actually work out inside the
house and we have it treadmills are expensive. We're so used to like you know just having a gym membership and just going to the gym to go work out, that's not happening here, gonna have to make sure
what we got.
Okay. Yeah, not appellate
on though.
Oh yeah, it's like it's a clothes hanger now.
that's usually what happens when the when I when I buy a fitness equipment, it starts out with a good idea and then it becomes that a place to put things versus usually influence for uh That's funny. Um
Yeah from besides besides going to see a picturesque and in playing tennis, I guess that's what you'd like to do outside of work, did you guess you've only worked for a year outside of college? Right. Yeah. So how is new york before this chaos
and
More
of a small town
field. Okay.
Yeah, I think, I think one of the things when I went from a small city, when I went to high school, like I think the Mac are our max population for high school is like 300, and then I went to a university, uh big university here in texas, and my first semester class was Like one of the big classes like 600 people, so there was more people in that one class than my entire school, so I'm sure it's like a big culture shock going from pennsylvania to new york, the hubbub of new york. Uh
you've you've grown in the asian population too, so I think it kind of follows the same thing our our high school to college to work environments, grew pretty much intact, like my high school, I was one of two and then higher school and then college It went from like 2% of the population
to say like 20 to 30. Um
So and then I moved a big city in Houston. Uh And now there's as much asian as I wanted to have if I if I want to keep with the looking for asian so it's it's fun, it's interesting. So you are you asian food or no are you?
I am not.
I
see it
and.
Yeah
I think I think our our lifestyles are very very similar so high school or when I grew up I'm chinese as well, so we ate chinese food pretty much predominantly uh in college I tried Vietnamese food. Uh had fun for the first time, I was like man this is great,
so I now it's like you can try like you said thai food I've had I've had indian food, I mean it's not it's not east asian but it's still you can try to see a lot more now that you're you're doing that. So uh anyway anyway how'd you uh how'd you get in, started missing prolific,
assume that this is where you're doing it from? Yeah.
Sunday?
How
long have
you been doing it?
Okay. Yeah, I think I started about the same time I got bored and I'm like okay let me figure out something out. And I think I started in like late june so a month and a half. Uh huh.
Of doing this. Uh Thank you, logged out or I'm logged out. Yeah.
Yeah,
can you still see me?
I can't see you anymore,
so
Okay. Maybe it's my connection but I haven't had any issues before. Uh
The Yeah.
Uh Yeah well connected anyway. Um Well I guess you can I'll see this random face on the screen. And uh
did you uh did you do you do anything other than prolific uh
to make them my money?
Okay. How does that work for you?
Thank you. Back to your uh Okay. Um I guess yeah, in finance and business information that you don't really do a lot of public speaking. Um Yes, at least finance, I know we don't really make, you do a lot of presentations. It's just for me it's uh just crunched the numbers and move along on our way. Not too many presentations going to.
I'm
happy.
Bad.
Yeah, I guess that I mean I guess you get get a side benefit of extra cash from user testing and also like uh to help with the uh working on your public speaking skills.
13 18.
I
know,
And
you
know you would think so but I think usually so I'm working finance. So I know you you said you had your finance degree as well. So when I had a different, I was at a different company Uh six years ago.
Uh My first longer than that. Anyway, my first three months in they had already set people to get get laid off. And like it wasn't always the partners like you would expect it's all the middle to entry level staff that I got. That's because they want the people are making the decisions. Don't want to say hey cut me okay
buddy over here because that we've been working together for a song. They cut the people they don't know. So if it was a bit awkward because you know as a chinese person I knew who was getting two of
the people is like and you walked by him every day and he said, oh hey good to you, you're going to be on that list too. So it's like,
yeah, that is a bit awkward for that period. So yeah. But
yeah, that's it's not work in the oil and gas. So it's, it's part of the, part of the all you sign up for, its very very chaotic. Um And
when good things are really good and when things are bad that can get really bad. So yeah, so
I see you have a guitar or a musical instrument, You play,
you play guitar?
No
Brown.
Are you trying to learn?
I
don't know.
Uh huh.
Does it? You know, I don't play any instruments so I've assumed you don't have a pick right? Use a pick or
do you?
yeah, I guess so. Yeah.
Next
week
next to your bike.
Perfect. Yeah. We, we, we, my wife and I since like I told you she's she's gotten a lot of stir crazy. So we bought a bike, uh bought a bike two years, three years ago and we hadn't really used it. We used it a lot more in the last three months than we had in the prior 2.5 months years because
like,
but it's so hot in Houston, like you step outside, its immediate immediate humidity that you get hit with. So I was like, oh, I really
really do it during the middle of the day. Uh huh.
Uh you like to travel light?
I don't, I don't really expect you to be, unless your parents like took you around on my tour. So that's not too shocking. So I don't think again one year out of college for me, I don't think I I think I went to Mexico. Like a from foreign foreign country. I think they went to Mexico and that's that the extent of my foreign country trips right recently we, my wife and I went on our delayed honeymoon, we went to Italy and Greece. Uh huh.
But
back.
The pictures are basically what you see like it's pretty much exactly like what I what I expected to be by looking at the pictures we saw. Um it's also very very laid back. My wife and I went out there and we're like okay a lot of hustle and bustle kind of similar to new york in some aspects but it's just like what people go on their way. You can we wrote a the four wheeler on
the road because there's no other cars. It was really interesting trip I recommended once I wouldn't
go back, just something good. So I guess you went to shanghai you said for study abroad. Did you do any other study abroad? Yeah.
So I did I assume if you didn't know mandarin before you know mandarin a little bit more now? Uh huh.
I
think.
and
I guess that's that's it, that's all that matters. Yeah I
speak very very poor Cantonese so yeah so it's it's I've lost a lot of my my usage of it because my grandma passed away um And I she only spoke Cantonese so if you wanted to talk to your my grandma you have to speak Cantonese.
That
was
Yeah. Yeah that's the same my mom. Well I think they grew up in Hong kong but it's they know a different dialect like you're saying it was really like we knew Cantonese but she knew something like this. Maybe mandarin, like a local dialect of mandarin and we're like huh what are you talking about? We don't understand like uh explain. It's like not it's not Cantonese that we speak. Uh that frequency. Uh huh.
I have a two year old so he's he's a handful um
toddlers,
toddlers
tom
was
uh like coworkers and like throw random tantrums. Well
what is wrong with your kid? Uh Yeah.
Uh We'll see about that. I think I think I'm going through this phase of like oh man you are so much work. Do I really want to go through the type of stage again and have to deal with that? Uh We'll see it, it's definitely rewarding at times. But other times you test your patience. So from that standpoint, uh uh Yeah, would you like I guess would you want kids one day or you you're like totally, completely happy?
I'm
gonna
have
Yeah, I can see. So I think like, like first graduated college, I was my my girlfriend and I know why like we're like, no, not a chance not having any kids, we're just gonna have our two dogs and call it happy, happy life. Um Funny how things change a few years down the road and now we've got a two year old. But yeah, we were totally like, we were the the stereotypical couple who were like just happy to go traveling, spending our money on ourselves being quote unquote selfish. Um We're like that's that's totally
four of us. uh
I am
my parents were normally like, you know more standoffish and say, okay, you do what you want to do. They're they're very, very, I want to say Americanized from that aspect, but my wife's mom was all about that. She's like, all right, you are married now. So like, she's like, looking
at her wife like, you're married now, okay, let's let's let's get some kids going, you're like, that's not where our plan is, like, why are you getting made and all that? So, yeah, she was she was all about the asian stereotype of let's go, let's go, let's go, let's have kids have kids because because she had six kids, so she was expecting a daughter to have more and more kids. So it's like, uh we're not about
Uh 2010, so
yes, so yeah, almost 10 years now. Uh So it's it's been an interesting ride, like we said, like I said, when we first got married, so obviously the kids too, so the first seven years, you're like, nope kids
and now here we are. So I life changes from one year
to the next, so I wouldn't whatever you, whatever opinions you hold now, you may or may not hold them 16 year down the road.
But
I think a lot of it was just, you know what we were, I think it was like you're saying is that we're very settled in our careers and I'm more of a, I want to make sure our finances are in order and I don't want to have to struggle to like have a kid and have it au make the decision between buying diapers or buying better food or whatever. So once we got into that uh good place against it was like okay, we can we can manage it. So that was that was one thing. And then yeah, I don't know, it felt better, you know, we're in a better place from a financial standpoint. I think I'm all
about findings is my wife. So yeah, it's different. So Early in your career I would say, I think you're
So was it your when you're when you're into your career, hopefully you're contributing to your 41K. Your
age and all that stuff um definitely do it now. Don't Wait till you're in your 30s and 40s to start. So an unsolicited advice for you.
For
10
minutes
definitely invest now because theoretically you've got 20 to 30 years of working ahead of you make that money work, don't I mean enjoy yourself, but also make sure you save enough to do. But that's me, I've always been all about all about saving. And I assume if you've got a finance degree, you kind of have a general idea. So definitely keep that, keep that in mind. Um, one glimpse see think of like what I wish I would have known when I was one year out of college, I wish I would have invested in amazon. Uh, but no,
I think investing and contributing to my raw fire a is one thing I wish I would have done more because I still did, it just didn't, I was like, yeah, I put a little more in but also wasn't making that much to be able to contribute all that much to to the rocky areas. But I also wanted to spend money too. So
you have to find that balance not guaranteed.
And uh
and so you know that if you say that, I know we're past our time. so if you want to stop we can um but I just read an article or read like an email that I just received that like I don't know if you're going to new york city or somewhere else in your, you don't have to tell me. But I just read an article um that said like landlord since I think vacancies in in apartments
in new york are at all at a high like Landlords are giving like 1.7 months of rent for free to get people to get back into the city. All right so just something maybe to keep in mind when when when you decide if you want to move back into the city but
Is your company working at like 100% remote?
Okay.
I think irises October one but I don't see October one happening.
Anyway. Right.
sounds good. It was nice talking to you. I I appreciate
you
spending
time.
All right
I'll talk to you later. Take okay.