SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Right. A girl, Yeah. Mm. Chance. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Okay. Right. Right. Hello? Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's the biggest man. No. Right. Let's go. What we stayed in. Well, I'm gonna harm because you're really, I told you I'm scared anymore. Oh my God. Yeah. I used to know one's mind. Okay. Yeah. The money. You know how uh Oh, yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yes. Mm. What, what, what? Yeah. What do you think? Call me on. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. I will see you. Nothing. Everything. Yeah. Yeah. That's me. What's changed? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Bill. Yes. No. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And yes, Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. When they his it's I mean the medical community. Yeah. I've never Yeah. I'll tell you what. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. What? Okay. Yeah. Yes. What is it? The country Club? It's like you're gonna dress, Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Just get off a little. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, Yeah. Good morning. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Hey, you can't be thanks to you. I'm Yes. Hi. Yeah, let's let's do it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Once I got Yeah. So what you're still on that they want to stretch your main source, Goldman's dummy the hook. They're not gonna react. I don't see you think I think I'll show up. Yeah. Uh huh. Cool vision. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh skater. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So they have a tv cheers and this is the shoulder. It was the mother and I got your level section. Uh huh. Uh huh. Listen, yes. Yeah. Thank you. It will happen. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Going welcome easy. Sure. Suzanne. Yeah. Was Yes. The school conclusion. Yeah. Really? Hi. I'm going to miss this. No, son. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Dial your skill anyway. Yeah. Huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. An extensive movement. It was like to get it. So uh what's your eggs photos they were going eating political interests in june. So we have. Thank you too, correct. It's true. Yeah. Mhm. Excellent. Yeah. Yeah. The I two, I think. You know the other reason. Yeah. Baby. Oh, baby. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Mm. Yeah. It's not a they make a mistake. Oh my God. What do I need to steer? What do you do? Yes, kid. But you know nothing You yeah, tell this week. You risk the still touching her enough. So you got to take a book from stop to talk. She doesn't want his ankle. So when I got express with it, I know sometime. What's your story? No, but I am really. No, it was you. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. But Uh huh. Mhm. Well, I do. Come on you guys, whatever. Oh definitely. Yes. Are you thinking? Doesn't mean to do that? Yeah. It's a wonderful come on in the book. Mhm. Show your child. Where is it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Well, I was hurt sometimes. You hungry clothe taste out of the way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, 83. Yeah. Yeah. Let's pick us up. I told you. Yeah. Yeah. He needs to chris go way up. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I am from texas. You want to do that? But this woman is there really kill him. I'm It was Yeah. Mm Hello? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hi howdy,
SPEAKER_L: are you the one um doing this video connection thing?
SPEAKER_R: that's right,
SPEAKER_L: Cool. What's your name?
SPEAKER_R: I'm Amanda
SPEAKER_L: I'm holding? Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you too.
SPEAKER_L: So it looks like we're just supposed to talk for 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Is that really it? There's like no guidelines or anything?
SPEAKER_L: Um I just want to make sure that like I get paid. So um I'm going to re read the instructions real quick unless at a timer for 25 minutes to. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think that's it.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Um So what part of the country are you in?
SPEAKER_R: Um So I'm in san Francisco. Um What about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in southern California. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Really
SPEAKER_L: Uh Near san Diego. Mhm. So what makes you do these prolific studies?
SPEAKER_R: it's a good question, I'm a grad student. Um I get paid to go to grad school but it's not like a big salary so um I used this to kind of supplement the expensive living in san Francisco.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Do you do research? Is that why you get paid to go to grad school or?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so most um stem fields give us a stipend to go to grad school. Um So I'm in environmental engineering um and you get paid to like do research full time basically. Um And then at the end of that like the the hope is that you get like a much better paid job because you have an advanced degree, so people like do that risk benefit, cost analysis for themselves. But yeah, it's like a solid five years of making a lot of money, so uh what about you?
SPEAKER_L: Uh I graduated high school a year ago and I'm going to start college in august uh in N. Y. C. I want to be a mechanical engineer. So that's kind of like my degree goal. And I mean I do this because it's decent income that like I can do from my room pretty much. And um I don't have to spend like that much time. Like I also tutor on the side, but that's much more time consuming. Either the pay is higher. I don't like getting with the kids, so this is easy.
SPEAKER_R: this is easy side money for sure. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So what what does the stifling mean? Like when you apply to grad school, do you say? Oh I want to get my graduate education in environmental engineering and then they just pay you or like how does, how does that work for you at least
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: a good question. Um So I've actually been to three different grad schools, I bounced around a little bit um just because I was trying to find the right fit, so I was at Yale University for a year um and it was not the right fit. Um And then I went to Carnegie Mellon University, which is in pennsylvania. Uh
SPEAKER_L: god,
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: that's it, that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's an intense school. Uh
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: I liked it there. Um But then my advisor uh decided that she wanted to, she got a job offer at stanford basically, so we moved with her to stanford. Um So that's like the range of types of schools I've seen and I know that the stipends can generally go a little bit lower, but it is the standard at all, like stem programs, so engineering programs that um you get a stipend to offer um for your first year. So sometimes the school covers it. Sometimes your new advisor covers it like your new boss. Um and they'll say you know you get about $40,000 plus health insurance um to come work for me uh and do research and uh take your classes basically. And then some of the like higher like the higher achieving students can apply for federal grants for their own research interests. So the Science Foundation does that also the Department of Defense has their own version. Um And so you can get like three years of uh money to do what you're most interested in otherwise after that first to your priest type and usually um you have to work for a specific grant that your advisor has one. So your advisor submitted to NSF or something and said like I'm gonna do this three year project and I'm going to employ to grad students on it. And so they get all the money for that and then you have to work on that project to get that salary. Oh gosh.
SPEAKER_L: So does
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: that mean you have to contact a professor before you apply to grad school or like you have to have that lined up basically?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it definitely varies, but most people reach out to one person that they're interested in at each school maybe. Um and they do that like in the fall as they're applying, Usually applications are due around the same time they are for undergrad, so um you'll find like maybe that professor is a good match and they're interested in you, but they're not taking any students for the next couple of years or maybe they'll say, you know, I see why you thought I was interested in this because I haven't updated my website in a while, but my research has changed. Um but we have this new professor who would actually be a great fit, so you'll like started to figure out who's hiring and what schools might be a good fit for you, what what made you excited about mechanical engineer?
SPEAKER_L: Um I suppose I just like building stuff with like my hands as you know as a child and through high school I did clubs like rocketry, robotics, different stem clubs and I found myself more interested in how things move as opposed to um programming stuff. I mean I also do web development and I'm going to use that as like a source of income hopefully in the future somehow. Um but I just kind of, I feel like it has the right mix of like math, physics, chemistry and computer science for me. And also um recently I had a volunteer position, a mechanical engineering lab and I worked with other grad students, like I just kind of help them if they need help putting up something or if they needed someone to like proof read their things for like basic grammar errors and I did that up until the covid panic or the covid thing happened and then since the lab got shut down, like can't really do anything with them. So that kind of sucks. But I was just kind of doing it unpaid just for fun just to learn about like what one project would be in to learn from the assistant professor who is running it. So I think that's probably the path I'm going to go down for now just because it also has a lot of practical applications in the real world to that. I don't know it yet, but I hopefully will figure out more in the future.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no that's awesome, I have a few friends from undergraduate mechanical and hairs um and they've all found like pretty interesting jobs doing a pretty wide diversity of things, so yeah
SPEAKER_L: did you go to do your undergraduate study?
SPEAKER_R: um I also did my undergrad at stanford, so my partner has been kind of walking back and forth, sorry about that, but uh
SPEAKER_L: sir,
SPEAKER_R: we met at stanford and um she actually got a job at a start up here that she was really excited about and has been like at that same startup for like ever since, so when I left to go to grad school and other places, we ended up long distance. Um So when my advisor uh so that we were moving the stanford, it was a really lucky break. Yes. Um
SPEAKER_L: An accident. No kidding, like that's that's actually amazing. Oh my God.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, are you excited about moving to new york?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah, I'm going to Colombia um in Morningside Heights, so I'm pretty excited to do that. Although I don't know if that's gonna be happening um this year. I mean I hope it does, but you know, I'll just make the best out of the situation and just, you know, see where I can go. I'm not sure about doing graduate education because I don't quite understand undergraduate education to get to graduate education, but I think it might be something I have to look at in the future, so I'm like, oh wow, lucky break that, you know, you do that stuff at stanford, so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's um it's not for everybody. Um and I think that sometimes people who don't know what they want to do, like senior year has coming and you're like crap, I don't know what I want to do, so like use grad school as a way to like kind of avoid that problem. Um Those people tend to suffer the most intergraph because they're not really driven to do it, they just don't want to have to jump for chances to do other things, but um yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: master's degrees especially can be really, really useful. Um A lot of schools have like the co terminal program, do you remember you mentioning that?
SPEAKER_L: The co terminal?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so like um you get a master's degree along with your bachelor's degree and it might take like five years instead of four.
SPEAKER_L: I've heard of, I've heard of something like that, okay, that's
SPEAKER_R: did
SPEAKER_L: what it is.
SPEAKER_R: you go to visit Colombia?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Not before I applied, but I visited once, I got accepted. I mean I had been to new york before, but I just hadn't been there just because doing the long like forest top of visiting colleges isn't particularly in my domain, considering I'm in southern California, You know, take like two weeks to go to all the East Coast ones. And then we did do a trip up to the Bay Area a couple of years ago, me and my dad to visit some of those schools up there. So but I was more keen to new york than anywhere else, so that's
SPEAKER_R: Nothing.
SPEAKER_L: why I've chosen.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's awesome. Sorry, I had to let my dog back inside. Um I remember visiting Colombia and it was like a really beautiful campus and everybody like the freshman year, most everybody is in like the same kind of small area, get to know a lot of people pretty fast.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, I went to stanford once on my assistant professor guy that I volunteer under. I think he did his masters at stanford. I mean it's on his website, his website, so I shouldn't know that. But I don't remember because it's been so long since we've been in contact. But that was such a nice school. How it was kind of sad I didn't get in. But I mean and I still like new york better than Palo alto for just I'm more of a city person even though I live in like a relative suburb. So Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No. Yeah this is, I mean that's fine. I'm living in san Francisco and not down in the face. Yeah, it's very idyllic but it's also there's like nothing going on. So I totally understand like figuring out a huge city like new york while also being an undergrad sounds like a good experience. So
SPEAKER_L: It could be for sure. How did you meet your professor that you've been following around while they do their research?
SPEAKER_R: um so when I went to Yale, I was joining um So so I work on like water treatment stuff. Um So when I was graduating undergrad I knew I wanted to be a professor. So I was like definitely going straight into grad school. Um and I thought that I wanted to do like advanced water treatment. So you know what reverse osmosis is? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: more or less.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, there's like a huge diesel plant that probably serves your area, the desalination plant. So um so I would wanted to work on reverse osmosis membranes and materials and stuff. Um and like the person to do that is at Yale. So um I reached out to him and I enjoyed that lab and uh pretty much immediately realized that even though I have a lot of experience and experimental labs, I actually didn't want to do that for the rest of my life. So um I was much more interested in like the regional level and like policy level work that has potentially more impact. Um One of the kind of secrets about reverse osmosis as a research field is that they're low key hitting the thermodynamic limit already in terms of like how energy efficient it can be. So obviously there's still improvements to be made, but they're pretty minimal. Um So my advisor at Yale, he's like the godfather of all the people who do this in the country. So like he's got professors at almost all the other schools that were students in his lab and uh my advisor was one of those students who moved into the policy space. Um And so I actually work for my old advisers student I guess. Ah But that was good because when I moved um my old advisor at Yale was like I can't really be mad about this like it's somebody that I care about that you're going to go work for. So I'm just happy that it's working out. Um So yeah so I really like her, she's really intense but that's just the way bosses are sometimes.
SPEAKER_L: So you started your graduate education for this professor at Yale and then they referred you to another person who is at Carnegie Mellon and then that person at Carnegie Mellon just happened to go to stanford.
SPEAKER_R: That's right. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: a lot of moving around. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: sounds fun though. Sounds like you're you're smart so.
SPEAKER_R: it's it's been a lot of hard work. Um And transferring schools during a PhD kind of sucks because you
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: have
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: you'll have to like retake some tests and stuff to prove that you're like stanford quality which is you know all the I. V. S do this bullshit to each other. They're like we have to make sure you can pass our version you know? But um yeah it's been good um It's a lot of effort but hopefully it'll pay off in the end.
SPEAKER_L: So now you now you don't want to be a professor for reverse osmosis?
SPEAKER_R: That's right yeah right now I do work in water treatment and water quality analysis to energy and agriculture. So um
SPEAKER_L: So what work is there in that field then? Is there like there you like gonna expect things? Are you going to like try and get even closer to that limit of energy efficiency or just like what's the angle?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so um I think so if like salinity is on the X axis here and this is like pure water, here's ocean water and here's like super super salty water. Uh And then like here is like different technologies and increasing energy costs and other costs. Um This area is really well covered by reverse osmosis. You treat somewhat saltier water than desalinating seawater, but the whole area over here it can't treat it, it basically like clogs up the membrane with salts um
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: because it's just so concentrated. So the only other option that is cost effective right now is these like really really energy intensive thermal systems. So I remember that um you know, evaporating water, it has a really high energy cost compared to other materials. Um And so because of that basically you're evaporating the water out of the salt water mix and it's really energy intensive. So um there are other like membrane processes and other advanced processes that are trying to bridge the gap between this area and this area a little better. Uh That's useful for agriculture also um fracking water and the other uh they're called produced waters, but it's a euphemism for oil wastewater basically. Um And so all of those types of waters can be pretty hard to treat. Um And so I'm working in like the agricultural space helping on solutions like that. Um luckily there's a bunch of startups in the bay that are interested in doing similar work for agriculture, so that's always an option. But I still really like to get a professorship job if possible, doing this kind of work. So it'll be like Palestine analysis with like scientific background and domain knowledge requirements.
SPEAKER_L: So would you like work at one of the start up to the professorship or would you start your own lab or? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I would have my my first choice is to apply to um like different universities as a new professor. Uh
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: And if I get that then I would like start my own lab there and then my fallback plan is like living in the bay is pretty great. So
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: if that doesn't work out, I'll just go work for one of those startup companies. Hopefully.
SPEAKER_L: isn't it, isn't it like really expensive though? Like I don't know the neighborhoods have only been once or twice, but imagine it's like really expensive living there.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it is. But you're about to move to Manhattan, so yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I got to make money like that's the biggest worry. I mean with this pandemic and stuff too is like having I'm sufficient income just to pay things, but thanks, we'll live with my parents right now so I don't have to worry about that. I can just do these studies whenever they pop up. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: that part of the reason that you decided to take a gap year or was there some other reason?
SPEAKER_L: Um Money definitely because I had never worked in high school before, which I kind of think was like dumb idea. I mean, I could have easily worked the same job I do now as I did in high school just because I have, you know, extra time whenever I didn't do the sports that I played, but also I just felt that moving to a school like Colombia are just moving far away from home and starting a different level of education with the background and knowledge and like, I guess like social capacity to like not get stressed out over things would have been just um really difficult just to manage and I, you know, didn't want to, you know, start at my school, like falling down and then like suddenly getting my groove, so I could just kind of took this year off and just kind of, you know, enjoy um having the time off and just working on different projects and living on my own, and just kind of like, getting all of those kings out of the way and all of those different factors, and then, so once I go to college now I'll be more prepared for, you know, whatever they throw at me and I can just really have the best chance of like, succeeding. So that was kind of innovation behind it.
SPEAKER_R: that's like really wise of you. So
SPEAKER_L: I got I got pushed into it by my parents a lot, but I also just was like, I don't want to go from high school to college and then from college to graduate school to a job, like, there's no, like, break. And I mean, also when I went to Columbia the first time, like, I wasn't particularly super happy with it. Like, I don't know if you've ever had, like a sense of like you've done something instead of being really happy just like, I'm glad that was over,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: kind
SPEAKER_L: you're just
SPEAKER_R: of,
SPEAKER_L: really use instead of just like, oh my God, yes, I did it. So I just kind of thought that that was the best course of um action at the time and I mean it's been pretty good, like if you have the chance to take time off, I mean I think most people should at least consider it, so Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: between my undergrad and grad. Um I was feeling a little I guess a little bit the same way about moving over to the East Coast. Uh huh. And so that whole summer my partner and I went to Australia and like drove down the coast and at one of those camper bands.
SPEAKER_L: drove down the Gold Coast on the Oh my God,
SPEAKER_R: dude it was great if you ever want to do a trip like that I highly suggest it.
SPEAKER_L: did you do you surf, did you like surf the coaster? Just just drive down it?
SPEAKER_R: Um We're definitely in the like category of people who are not good at surfing but like a lot you know the best surfers on having the most fun. So yeah
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: there's a good bit um We started up like in the northern part of the Gold Coast. I forget the name cans C. A. I. R. N. S. A common place to like leap into um the great barrier reef stuff. So that was the most expensive part of the trip was like going out and snorkeling in the reef. Uh And then after that we rented uh one of those camper vans that you sleep in and drove down the coast over a few weeks. And we stopped it like a bunch of beaches and windsurfing. Ah And yeah it was, it's hard to like, I mean I know that I knew this when I was getting ready to go to college, so I'm sure it's in your minds but like you stop having so many opportunities to have like extended stretches of freedom from work. So summers are going to start being about internships and then you have a full time job and all of a sudden you only have like you know two weeks of paid vacation a year. And so like and I'm definitely grateful that we had a chance to like do an extended kind of trip like that. But I can understand your like motivation to spend some time getting ready to move to the East Coast.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've been talking to some of the student advisors there recently and uh they just talked about not being particularly to scatter brains trying to do like too many things at once at my time there. So my hope with this like volunteering position is that hopefully once I come back and have even better education, like each summer, like I have like a reliable like experience working there and maybe if I want I could possibly do um graduate research there, if that's the path that I choose. But I don't know, I just think it's kind of, it was difficult, at least for me just because there's not like one direct playbook or not one thing, like you can set your mind and you just have to kind of think about all these different factors they're going in and I feel like my high school didn't do enough for me, so I was just like well, time to take some time off and make some money, So it's worked out pretty good though.
SPEAKER_R: So what is this world that you work and what kind of work do they do?
SPEAKER_L: um Say that one more time congress passed by,
SPEAKER_R: Sorry. I was asking, what does the mechanical engineering lab your work at? What do they focus on?
SPEAKER_L: so there I asked them to simplify it for me once and they said they take fuel mixtures and gas mixtures and they burned them to try and create um and node cathode batteries. And then they hope that those batteries can have practical applications and like phone devices and other stuff. And you know, I was like, oh okay, I did not know you could do that. So I always see that their machines like they'll burn some mixture and then we'll just have like these little plates that they'll put in like these trays and it was just like analyze the patterns that they work on them. And then I mean like I don't understand all of it, but I mean it's cool to just like c then see them talk about it and um when sometimes like the professor will be explaining something and then he'll like dumb it down a bit and he'll like bring in like a physics concept and learn like oh okay so that's why that mixture burns a different color or something and that's why it's on the visible spectrum or whatever. So I mean I just I like the application of like seeing something like materialized that's not 25 minute timer by the way, it's a duck. Okay
SPEAKER_R: Uh Mine also hit 25 so it's
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: pretty
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: it's just like how do you end this? Yeah
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: log out. Um
SPEAKER_R: See a timer? I don't know. I guess we can just move on to the next section.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I'm gonna all right, I'm gonna close the window then, so it was nice meeting you. Bye.