Hi howdy,
that's right,
I'm Amanda
nice to meet you too.
Yeah. Is that really it? There's like no guidelines or anything?
Yeah, I think that's it.
Um So I'm in san Francisco. Um What about you?
Really
it's a good question, I'm a grad student. Um I get paid to go to grad school but it's not like a big salary so um I used this to kind of supplement the expensive living in san Francisco.
Yeah so most um stem fields give us a stipend to go to grad school. Um So I'm in environmental engineering um and you get paid to like do research full time basically. Um And then at the end of that like the the hope is that you get like a much better paid job because you have an advanced degree, so people like do that risk benefit, cost analysis for themselves. But yeah, it's like a solid five years of making a lot of money, so uh what about you?
this is easy side money for sure. Mhm.
Yeah, that's
a good question. Um So I've actually been to three different grad schools, I bounced around a little bit um just because I was trying to find the right fit, so I was at Yale University for a year um and it was not the right fit. Um And then I went to Carnegie Mellon University, which is in pennsylvania. Uh
huh.
Yeah, it's an intense school. Uh
I liked it there. Um But then my advisor uh decided that she wanted to, she got a job offer at stanford basically, so we moved with her to stanford. Um So that's like the range of types of schools I've seen and I know that the stipends can generally go a little bit lower, but it is the standard at all, like stem programs, so engineering programs that um you get a stipend to offer um for your first year. So sometimes the school covers it. Sometimes your new advisor covers it like your new boss. Um and they'll say you know you get about $40,000 plus health insurance um to come work for me uh and do research and uh take your classes basically. And then some of the like higher like the higher achieving students can apply for federal grants for their own research interests. So the Science Foundation does that also the Department of Defense has their own version. Um And so you can get like three years of uh money to do what you're most interested in otherwise after that first to your priest type and usually um you have to work for a specific grant that your advisor has one. So your advisor submitted to NSF or something and said like I'm gonna do this three year project and I'm going to employ to grad students on it. And so they get all the money for that and then you have to work on that project to get that salary. Oh gosh.
Well.
Yeah, it definitely varies, but most people reach out to one person that they're interested in at each school maybe. Um and they do that like in the fall as they're applying, Usually applications are due around the same time they are for undergrad, so um you'll find like maybe that professor is a good match and they're interested in you, but they're not taking any students for the next couple of years or maybe they'll say, you know, I see why you thought I was interested in this because I haven't updated my website in a while, but my research has changed. Um but we have this new professor who would actually be a great fit, so you'll like started to figure out who's hiring and what schools might be a good fit for you, what what made you excited about mechanical engineer?
Yeah, no that's awesome, I have a few friends from undergraduate mechanical and hairs um and they've all found like pretty interesting jobs doing a pretty wide diversity of things, so yeah
um I also did my undergrad at stanford, so my partner has been kind of walking back and forth, sorry about that, but uh
we met at stanford and um she actually got a job at a start up here that she was really excited about and has been like at that same startup for like ever since, so when I left to go to grad school and other places, we ended up long distance. Um So when my advisor uh so that we were moving the stanford, it was a really lucky break. Yes. Um
Yeah, are you excited about moving to new york?
Yeah, it's um it's not for everybody. Um and I think that sometimes people who don't know what they want to do, like senior year has coming and you're like crap, I don't know what I want to do, so like use grad school as a way to like kind of avoid that problem. Um Those people tend to suffer the most intergraph because they're not really driven to do it, they just don't want to have to jump for chances to do other things, but um yeah,
master's degrees especially can be really, really useful. Um A lot of schools have like the co terminal program, do you remember you mentioning that?
Yeah, so like um you get a master's degree along with your bachelor's degree and it might take like five years instead of four.
did
you go to visit Colombia?
Nothing.
Yeah. That's awesome. Sorry, I had to let my dog back inside. Um I remember visiting Colombia and it was like a really beautiful campus and everybody like the freshman year, most everybody is in like the same kind of small area, get to know a lot of people pretty fast.
No. Yeah this is, I mean that's fine. I'm living in san Francisco and not down in the face. Yeah, it's very idyllic but it's also there's like nothing going on. So I totally understand like figuring out a huge city like new york while also being an undergrad sounds like a good experience. So
um so when I went to Yale, I was joining um So so I work on like water treatment stuff. Um So when I was graduating undergrad I knew I wanted to be a professor. So I was like definitely going straight into grad school. Um and I thought that I wanted to do like advanced water treatment. So you know what reverse osmosis is? Yeah,
yeah, there's like a huge diesel plant that probably serves your area, the desalination plant. So um so I would wanted to work on reverse osmosis membranes and materials and stuff. Um and like the person to do that is at Yale. So um I reached out to him and I enjoyed that lab and uh pretty much immediately realized that even though I have a lot of experience and experimental labs, I actually didn't want to do that for the rest of my life. So um I was much more interested in like the regional level and like policy level work that has potentially more impact. Um One of the kind of secrets about reverse osmosis as a research field is that they're low key hitting the thermodynamic limit already in terms of like how energy efficient it can be. So obviously there's still improvements to be made, but they're pretty minimal. Um So my advisor at Yale, he's like the godfather of all the people who do this in the country. So like he's got professors at almost all the other schools that were students in his lab and uh my advisor was one of those students who moved into the policy space. Um And so I actually work for my old advisers student I guess. Ah But that was good because when I moved um my old advisor at Yale was like I can't really be mad about this like it's somebody that I care about that you're going to go work for. So I'm just happy that it's working out. Um So yeah so I really like her, she's really intense but that's just the way bosses are sometimes.
That's right. Yeah
a lot of moving around. Yeah.
it's it's been a lot of hard work. Um And transferring schools during a PhD kind of sucks because you
have
you'll have to like retake some tests and stuff to prove that you're like stanford quality which is you know all the I. V. S do this bullshit to each other. They're like we have to make sure you can pass our version you know? But um yeah it's been good um It's a lot of effort but hopefully it'll pay off in the end.
That's right yeah right now I do work in water treatment and water quality analysis to energy and agriculture. So um
Yeah, so um I think so if like salinity is on the X axis here and this is like pure water, here's ocean water and here's like super super salty water. Uh And then like here is like different technologies and increasing energy costs and other costs. Um This area is really well covered by reverse osmosis. You treat somewhat saltier water than desalinating seawater, but the whole area over here it can't treat it, it basically like clogs up the membrane with salts um
because it's just so concentrated. So the only other option that is cost effective right now is these like really really energy intensive thermal systems. So I remember that um you know, evaporating water, it has a really high energy cost compared to other materials. Um And so because of that basically you're evaporating the water out of the salt water mix and it's really energy intensive. So um there are other like membrane processes and other advanced processes that are trying to bridge the gap between this area and this area a little better. Uh That's useful for agriculture also um fracking water and the other uh they're called produced waters, but it's a euphemism for oil wastewater basically. Um And so all of those types of waters can be pretty hard to treat. Um And so I'm working in like the agricultural space helping on solutions like that. Um luckily there's a bunch of startups in the bay that are interested in doing similar work for agriculture, so that's always an option. But I still really like to get a professorship job if possible, doing this kind of work. So it'll be like Palestine analysis with like scientific background and domain knowledge requirements.
I would have my my first choice is to apply to um like different universities as a new professor. Uh
And if I get that then I would like start my own lab there and then my fallback plan is like living in the bay is pretty great. So
if that doesn't work out, I'll just go work for one of those startup companies. Hopefully.
Yeah it is. But you're about to move to Manhattan, so yeah.
that part of the reason that you decided to take a gap year or was there some other reason?
that's like really wise of you. So
it's
kind
of,
between my undergrad and grad. Um I was feeling a little I guess a little bit the same way about moving over to the East Coast. Uh huh. And so that whole summer my partner and I went to Australia and like drove down the coast and at one of those camper bands.
dude it was great if you ever want to do a trip like that I highly suggest it.
Um We're definitely in the like category of people who are not good at surfing but like a lot you know the best surfers on having the most fun. So yeah
there's a good bit um We started up like in the northern part of the Gold Coast. I forget the name cans C. A. I. R. N. S. A common place to like leap into um the great barrier reef stuff. So that was the most expensive part of the trip was like going out and snorkeling in the reef. Uh And then after that we rented uh one of those camper vans that you sleep in and drove down the coast over a few weeks. And we stopped it like a bunch of beaches and windsurfing. Ah And yeah it was, it's hard to like, I mean I know that I knew this when I was getting ready to go to college, so I'm sure it's in your minds but like you stop having so many opportunities to have like extended stretches of freedom from work. So summers are going to start being about internships and then you have a full time job and all of a sudden you only have like you know two weeks of paid vacation a year. And so like and I'm definitely grateful that we had a chance to like do an extended kind of trip like that. But I can understand your like motivation to spend some time getting ready to move to the East Coast.
So what is this world that you work and what kind of work do they do?
Sorry. I was asking, what does the mechanical engineering lab your work at? What do they focus on?
Uh Mine also hit 25 so it's
pretty
good.
I
don't know.
See a timer? I don't know. I guess we can just move on to the next section.