Uh huh. Right. A girl, Yeah. Mm. Chance. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Okay. Right. Right. Hello? Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's the biggest man. No. Right. Let's go. What we stayed in. Well, I'm gonna harm because you're really, I told you I'm scared anymore. Oh my God. Yeah. I used to know one's mind. Okay. Yeah. The money. You know how uh Oh, yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yes. Mm. What, what, what? Yeah. What do you think? Call me on. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. I will see you. Nothing. Everything. Yeah. Yeah. That's me. What's changed? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Bill. Yes. No. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And yes, Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. When they his it's I mean the medical community. Yeah. I've never Yeah. I'll tell you what. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. What? Okay. Yeah. Yes. What is it? The country Club? It's like you're gonna dress, Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Just get off a little. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, Yeah. Good morning. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Hey, you can't be thanks to you. I'm Yes. Hi. Yeah, let's let's do it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Once I got Yeah. So what you're still on that they want to stretch your main source, Goldman's dummy the hook. They're not gonna react. I don't see you think I think I'll show up. Yeah. Uh huh. Cool vision. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh skater. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So they have a tv cheers and this is the shoulder. It was the mother and I got your level section. Uh huh. Uh huh. Listen, yes. Yeah. Thank you. It will happen. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Going welcome easy. Sure. Suzanne. Yeah. Was Yes. The school conclusion. Yeah. Really? Hi. I'm going to miss this. No, son. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Dial your skill anyway. Yeah. Huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. An extensive movement. It was like to get it. So uh what's your eggs photos they were going eating political interests in june. So we have. Thank you too, correct. It's true. Yeah. Mhm. Excellent. Yeah. Yeah. The I two, I think. You know the other reason. Yeah. Baby. Oh, baby. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Mm. Yeah. It's not a they make a mistake. Oh my God. What do I need to steer? What do you do? Yes, kid. But you know nothing You yeah, tell this week. You risk the still touching her enough. So you got to take a book from stop to talk. She doesn't want his ankle. So when I got express with it, I know sometime. What's your story? No, but I am really. No, it was you. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. But Uh huh. Mhm. Well, I do. Come on you guys, whatever. Oh definitely. Yes. Are you thinking? Doesn't mean to do that? Yeah. It's a wonderful come on in the book. Mhm. Show your child. Where is it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Well, I was hurt sometimes. You hungry clothe taste out of the way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, 83. Yeah. Yeah. Let's pick us up. I told you. Yeah. Yeah. He needs to chris go way up. Yeah. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I am from texas. You want to do that? But this woman is there really kill him. I'm It was Yeah. Mm Hello? Mhm.
are you the one um doing this video connection thing?
Cool. What's your name?
I'm holding? Nice to meet you.
So it looks like we're just supposed to talk for 25 minutes.
Um I just want to make sure that like I get paid. So um I'm going to re read the instructions real quick unless at a timer for 25 minutes to. Mm hmm.
Okay. Um So what part of the country are you in?
I'm in southern California. Yeah.
Uh Near san Diego. Mhm. So what makes you do these prolific studies?
Okay. Do you do research? Is that why you get paid to go to grad school or?
Uh I graduated high school a year ago and I'm going to start college in august uh in N. Y. C. I want to be a mechanical engineer. So that's kind of like my degree goal. And I mean I do this because it's decent income that like I can do from my room pretty much. And um I don't have to spend like that much time. Like I also tutor on the side, but that's much more time consuming. Either the pay is higher. I don't like getting with the kids, so this is easy.
So what what does the stifling mean? Like when you apply to grad school, do you say? Oh I want to get my graduate education in environmental engineering and then they just pay you or like how does, how does that work for you at least
because
god,
that's it, that's cool.
huh.
So does
that mean you have to contact a professor before you apply to grad school or like you have to have that lined up basically?
Um I suppose I just like building stuff with like my hands as you know as a child and through high school I did clubs like rocketry, robotics, different stem clubs and I found myself more interested in how things move as opposed to um programming stuff. I mean I also do web development and I'm going to use that as like a source of income hopefully in the future somehow. Um but I just kind of, I feel like it has the right mix of like math, physics, chemistry and computer science for me. And also um recently I had a volunteer position, a mechanical engineering lab and I worked with other grad students, like I just kind of help them if they need help putting up something or if they needed someone to like proof read their things for like basic grammar errors and I did that up until the covid panic or the covid thing happened and then since the lab got shut down, like can't really do anything with them. So that kind of sucks. But I was just kind of doing it unpaid just for fun just to learn about like what one project would be in to learn from the assistant professor who is running it. So I think that's probably the path I'm going to go down for now just because it also has a lot of practical applications in the real world to that. I don't know it yet, but I hopefully will figure out more in the future.
did you go to do your undergraduate study?
sir,
An accident. No kidding, like that's that's actually amazing. Oh my God.
Uh Yeah, I'm going to Colombia um in Morningside Heights, so I'm pretty excited to do that. Although I don't know if that's gonna be happening um this year. I mean I hope it does, but you know, I'll just make the best out of the situation and just, you know, see where I can go. I'm not sure about doing graduate education because I don't quite understand undergraduate education to get to graduate education, but I think it might be something I have to look at in the future, so I'm like, oh wow, lucky break that, you know, you do that stuff at stanford, so.
Mhm.
The co terminal?
I've heard of, I've heard of something like that, okay, that's
what it is.
Uh Not before I applied, but I visited once, I got accepted. I mean I had been to new york before, but I just hadn't been there just because doing the long like forest top of visiting colleges isn't particularly in my domain, considering I'm in southern California, You know, take like two weeks to go to all the East Coast ones. And then we did do a trip up to the Bay Area a couple of years ago, me and my dad to visit some of those schools up there. So but I was more keen to new york than anywhere else, so that's
why I've chosen.
Mhm. Yeah, I went to stanford once on my assistant professor guy that I volunteer under. I think he did his masters at stanford. I mean it's on his website, his website, so I shouldn't know that. But I don't remember because it's been so long since we've been in contact. But that was such a nice school. How it was kind of sad I didn't get in. But I mean and I still like new york better than Palo alto for just I'm more of a city person even though I live in like a relative suburb. So Yeah.
It could be for sure. How did you meet your professor that you've been following around while they do their research?
more or less.
So you started your graduate education for this professor at Yale and then they referred you to another person who is at Carnegie Mellon and then that person at Carnegie Mellon just happened to go to stanford.
That's
sounds fun though. Sounds like you're you're smart so.
All
that.
So now you now you don't want to be a professor for reverse osmosis?
So what work is there in that field then? Is there like there you like gonna expect things? Are you going to like try and get even closer to that limit of energy efficiency or just like what's the angle?
huh.
So would you like work at one of the start up to the professorship or would you start your own lab or? Yeah.
huh.
No,
isn't it, isn't it like really expensive though? Like I don't know the neighborhoods have only been once or twice, but imagine it's like really expensive living there.
Yeah, I got to make money like that's the biggest worry. I mean with this pandemic and stuff too is like having I'm sufficient income just to pay things, but thanks, we'll live with my parents right now so I don't have to worry about that. I can just do these studies whenever they pop up. Okay.
Um Money definitely because I had never worked in high school before, which I kind of think was like dumb idea. I mean, I could have easily worked the same job I do now as I did in high school just because I have, you know, extra time whenever I didn't do the sports that I played, but also I just felt that moving to a school like Colombia are just moving far away from home and starting a different level of education with the background and knowledge and like, I guess like social capacity to like not get stressed out over things would have been just um really difficult just to manage and I, you know, didn't want to, you know, start at my school, like falling down and then like suddenly getting my groove, so I could just kind of took this year off and just kind of, you know, enjoy um having the time off and just working on different projects and living on my own, and just kind of like, getting all of those kings out of the way and all of those different factors, and then, so once I go to college now I'll be more prepared for, you know, whatever they throw at me and I can just really have the best chance of like, succeeding. So that was kind of innovation behind it.
I got I got pushed into it by my parents a lot, but I also just was like, I don't want to go from high school to college and then from college to graduate school to a job, like, there's no, like, break. And I mean, also when I went to Columbia the first time, like, I wasn't particularly super happy with it. Like, I don't know if you've ever had, like a sense of like you've done something instead of being really happy just like, I'm glad that was over,
like
you're just
really use instead of just like, oh my God, yes, I did it. So I just kind of thought that that was the best course of um action at the time and I mean it's been pretty good, like if you have the chance to take time off, I mean I think most people should at least consider it, so Yeah. Mhm.
drove down the Gold Coast on the Oh my God,
did you do you surf, did you like surf the coaster? Just just drive down it?
huh.
Yeah, I've been talking to some of the student advisors there recently and uh they just talked about not being particularly to scatter brains trying to do like too many things at once at my time there. So my hope with this like volunteering position is that hopefully once I come back and have even better education, like each summer, like I have like a reliable like experience working there and maybe if I want I could possibly do um graduate research there, if that's the path that I choose. But I don't know, I just think it's kind of, it was difficult, at least for me just because there's not like one direct playbook or not one thing, like you can set your mind and you just have to kind of think about all these different factors they're going in and I feel like my high school didn't do enough for me, so I was just like well, time to take some time off and make some money, So it's worked out pretty good though.
um Say that one more time congress passed by,
so there I asked them to simplify it for me once and they said they take fuel mixtures and gas mixtures and they burned them to try and create um and node cathode batteries. And then they hope that those batteries can have practical applications and like phone devices and other stuff. And you know, I was like, oh okay, I did not know you could do that. So I always see that their machines like they'll burn some mixture and then we'll just have like these little plates that they'll put in like these trays and it was just like analyze the patterns that they work on them. And then I mean like I don't understand all of it, but I mean it's cool to just like c then see them talk about it and um when sometimes like the professor will be explaining something and then he'll like dumb it down a bit and he'll like bring in like a physics concept and learn like oh okay so that's why that mixture burns a different color or something and that's why it's on the visible spectrum or whatever. So I mean I just I like the application of like seeing something like materialized that's not 25 minute timer by the way, it's a duck. Okay
well
so
it's just like how do you end this? Yeah
just
log out. Um
Okay. I'm gonna all right, I'm gonna close the window then, so it was nice meeting you. Bye.