SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: my care beds in. Good morning, can you hear me okay?
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you okay. I made a huge mistake, I actually hit the next one. I
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: was I wasn't paying attention so I got like really nervous, I had like this huge anxiety moment where I hit I hit the wrong thing and then I saw this um caveat where it's like if you accidentally hit the next button you can click
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: here to get back in.
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: So I was like okay good. So anyway
SPEAKER_R: preemptively knew that that was gonna happen.
SPEAKER_L: yes thank will. Yeah exactly.
SPEAKER_R: know that it's funny that you mention that because that's actually a fear of mine. I'm like, what if I accident? Because I know they have the, like, click this button to get into the chat, but then they have the next button which you click after and I'm like, and I've almost accidentally done that. I thought, oh boy, what what would happen? So thank you, thank you for Phil I am that that they
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: wouldn't
SPEAKER_L: not that hard, like it's pretty simple and I messed
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: it up so there you go.
SPEAKER_R: I think this is a great start to the chat. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: just you know teaching teaching what you're not supposed to do. So that's that's basically what I did
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. And they know human nature, so they put a little button in there so we could get back. Right,
SPEAKER_L: at.
SPEAKER_R: That's that is funny.
SPEAKER_L: I so my
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: name
SPEAKER_R: ahead
SPEAKER_L: is Gina, my name is Gina,
SPEAKER_R: gina gina. And where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from New Jersey,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, New Jersey. Nice.
SPEAKER_L: what is your name?
SPEAKER_R: My name is D lisa. It's deep.
SPEAKER_L: So lisa d
SPEAKER_R: D E L I S A
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you too lisa where
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: meet
SPEAKER_L: you from?
SPEAKER_R: you. I am completely on the other side of the United States. I'm from Portland Oregon.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God, what time is it?
SPEAKER_R: It is seven a.m.
SPEAKER_L: Oh God bless you,
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: that's, wow.
SPEAKER_R: okay. I'm getting the sleepiest out of my eyes. I kind of slept in a little bit.
SPEAKER_L: Oh God bless you for waking up so early. I mean in real life, in real life I wake up at about eight a.m. That's like the time when I get up and you're wow, seven am good for you.
SPEAKER_R: Well I I am not a morning person. Let's just preface that I've been working from home since March since Covid hit. I'm a nurse case manager with infectious disease. Ball
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: things. I know, so, but my my workday doesn't start until about eight, so you know, 8-5. And but I've been working from home. So anyway, how about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: I'm actually on permanent disability. I have, I have bipolar disorder and in my former life I was a professor, I taught english at the college level, I taught high school english and lisa lisa. I
SPEAKER_R: Problem.
SPEAKER_L: had to earn money obviously to pay my bills right?
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: But the the anxiety of interacting with others and having scrutiny and I had these intrusive thoughts and when I was at work, when I was at work I would have this terrible anxiety and then when I would go home I would be thinking about being at work and then when I would go to bed I would be dreaming about being at work. So
SPEAKER_R: boy.
SPEAKER_L: it's like, I would exactly be at work 100% of the time, and then when I would be off, because it's a teacher, you get this quote unquote break. So I would say, I would say like, in june for a few weeks I'd be okay. But then as soon as july would hit, the anxiety would start hitting me again. It wasn't just like, it wasn't just in my mind. I would get, I've gotten in car accidents because of this anxiety. I
SPEAKER_R: It's stressful.
SPEAKER_L: am, I threw my back out because of the anxiety. I would, like, hold the anxiety in my back and I kind of feel like I'm um 47 years old. I've been, I
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I feel like I'm a pretty intelligent person and
SPEAKER_R: definitely.
SPEAKER_L: I'm fair, I'm fairly accomplished. I have a master's degree, I was accepted into a doctoral program. I was in the Peace Corps. I'm a published writer. I've been in therapy for years. Um,
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like I have really tried to lick this. You know what I mean? Like I've done a lot of like self work and self help books and I've prayed and I've like, I've done like journaling like I've done like a lot of of work and I spoke with a therapist the other day and the therapist is like, you know, Gina, I think maybe you should practice this thing called radical acceptance. Maybe you need to radically accept the fact that maybe you're just disabled and instead of fighting against it and being in denial and being angry and beating yourself up and maybe
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you need to put your energy into accepting it because if you can accept it, you can learn coping strategies and you know, you can try
SPEAKER_R: For
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: like be happier and live a good life and you know, problem solved, you know, and I know we're getting like really deep here and
SPEAKER_R: What? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I wanted to, obviously I wanted to talk about you and I want to hear about your life, but did you did
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: ask me like, well what do you do? And the truth is lisa it's such a big part I think of who you are like, well what do you do? How do you spend your days? And it's really hard. I think telling people well, well I don't work, you know what I mean? Like it's really a big deal, you know? And so I think sometimes I feel like I have to sort of either defend myself or explain myself and I guess I felt the need to sort of like explain my life situation what I mean.
SPEAKER_R: Well, and that's good for me to know like that question. I mean that could, you know, also, you know, bring up bring up things for people. I myself, I'm I struggle with depression and anxiety. Um I have, I'm actually with a local chapter NAMI here.
SPEAKER_L: I do not me to. When do you, Yeah. Do you do you do like zoom meetings?
SPEAKER_R: Um I haven't done any zoom meetings yet with NAMI. I've done the full on class with NAMI and I'll do the
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: walk.
SPEAKER_L: kind do you own a mean to
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: cut you off?
SPEAKER_R: no, no, that's fine. Yeah. So I actually did the class for people who have a mental illness and then my husband took the class for friends and family of people who have a mental illness, which is really helpful for him because I think he, he understood, helped him understand that my brain on MRI does not light up where, you know, like, like he's like, he's always positive before IQ and all of that. And I, you know, struggled with depression since God, since since I can remember since I was a teenager and also, you know, I'm really glad you brought this up because it it makes me think about and I've talked with my husband, but like, I don't know how, how long I can do my job that I do. Um I mean I just don't know mentally how long I can do that, I'm 50 and I don't think I can get to 65 with that. Like I uh and it's kind of that reality that hit me probably about like two years ago and I'm like
SPEAKER_L: Realized.
SPEAKER_R: like I'm going to either like crash and burn and just because my mental health, I also deal with a lot of people's problems and
SPEAKER_L: Of course
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I try not to take them on as my own. I'm also an impact so I can feel people's I think that's part of the freaking problem, but
SPEAKER_L: we're like absorbing your, like absorbing it.
SPEAKER_R: I can't even go into, it's so strange and I usually you know don't devote, but I think we're I think we're on a whole level of different level of a conversation which is really refreshing by the way uh is that I can walk into a room, I can feel people's emotions like oh, it's just like,
SPEAKER_L: Can I tell you something? Honestly,
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: I feel that way too. I feel like
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: I've always been a very, like a one on one person. I feel
SPEAKER_R: man?
SPEAKER_L: like being with a large number of people. I get very, very overwhelmed and I feel like um when people have very severe problems, I absorb, I absorb what they're. So if you're saying you're, you're a nurse practitioner, did you say
SPEAKER_R: I'm so I'm a nurse case manager. So I'm a
SPEAKER_L: case
SPEAKER_R: because yeah, so it dealt with a lot of um and it's infectious disease. I have a few covid patients that I'm working with, but my patients are mostly HIV positive and I mean, my gosh, talk about the frickin trump. All right. If I mean, nice trauma, you know, all of that. And I'm thinking, you know, and there's some amazing people I've met and brilliant.
SPEAKER_L: Oh da lisa,
SPEAKER_R: Also exhausting, right? It's like, you know, it's like I've got to like cover um You know, and then I have like two kids at home. I have a 14 and a 1914 and 17 year old. And then I got my husband and I'm like, who sometimes I just need to like I got a piece out.
SPEAKER_L: So you, so you were saying you were saying that you feel like Two years ago you were like, Wow, I don't really know how much longer, I don't know if I can make I don't know if I
SPEAKER_R: Get
SPEAKER_L: can make 65.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You know, yeah, as far as working, especially in this case management, I mean it's just a little overwhelming and people, I've been doing it for almost six years, I've been a nurse for 27, but I've been doing this particularly for for six. Um as far as case management I think maybe another couple of years and um you know, and the thing is, is like, well, you know what else, no matter what I do. And I think with my, with my mental health and my husband's like our goal is that, you know, you would retire ideally a six day just because I mean, I don't I don't think mentally I could handle it any longer and I know that it chips away at my, I was kind of like my foundation and I feel like when I get a hit to my mental health, it just kind of crumbles my foundation a little bit. Um kind of like, it's made out of sand or something. Um and I have to have that balance of um of like exercise or something like because I need those positive endorphins that, you know, that kind of, that kind of bring me bring me back there and um yeah, so it's it's interesting because I it really kind of hit me and it was, it was a moment, you know, and I also know that, you know, if I were to apply for disability also because I in case management also realize the reality, it's not you don't make the money that you used to make and so and people don't think about that, they're like, well, I'll just get disability and I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: How do you live?
SPEAKER_R: how do you live? I mean like literally how do you live?
SPEAKER_L: No, no, it's a real it's a real concern for me. It's a real concern for me.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, absolutely, absolutely. Because I mean I, you know, I have um you know, patients who like here rent if you're just for a studio apartment in your in New Jersey, so God only knows how much rent is, but for a studio apartment is going to be about $1,500 a month here.
SPEAKER_L: No, it's about no that's about the same here. It's about the same like 1500 for like a studio or something like Right.
SPEAKER_R: And if you make 1700 on a good day on, you know,
SPEAKER_L: How do you eat?
SPEAKER_R: great, how do you eat? Okay, let's put this into the equation and it's so people just have this magical oh, just go on disability. It's
SPEAKER_L: Someone
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: for stability.
SPEAKER_R: and I need to, you know, you know what I'm saying? Like people who need to, I need, you know, they need to, but it's not this magic, you know, it's not cutting the, you know, yeah, being able to live and and all of that. And I think that that's like our society just doesn't understand that because it's not their reality unless they're in that position.
SPEAKER_L: Right. But can I ask you a question in the meantime? But you mentioned you mentioned like exercise. What are some of your and you also mentioned like chiseling away at your foundation. What would you say? Some of your coping? What are some of your coping strategies on a day to day basis just to sort of keep yourself together.
SPEAKER_R: Um meditation just having time for me and to focus I find I don't do it often enough it's kind of like I have a list of goals right now that is definitely just kind of otherwise you know to stop the chatter in my brain because I can like you know go on thinking about a million different things but
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it just.
SPEAKER_L: want to try to do that. I want to try to do that. And I put it on a list of things like I really need to try to do like mindfulness meditation and
SPEAKER_R: I'm going
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: gotta
SPEAKER_R: look
SPEAKER_L: tell
SPEAKER_R: at an
SPEAKER_L: you,
SPEAKER_R: apple.
SPEAKER_L: I I feel like I'm not, I feel like I'm not really committing
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: to that the way I should. Um I don't know if it's because I find it difficult when I start doing it. I feel like my mind keeps wandering and I got to keep bringing myself back. Um
SPEAKER_R: hmm.
SPEAKER_L: but that's something I should work on and I didn't mean to cut you off. You
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: said you do meditate, What else do you do?
SPEAKER_R: No so I used the mindful app and a mind body M. I. N. D. S. A mind body at the O. D. Y. And I haven't and I just restarted it so trust me I am not like I'm not the guru on it, but I also need to do that more religiously um exercise. I find in fact because I am working from home um that about noon I need to get up and go for a walk because I'm also dealing with people's, I mean that's what I do is I deal with people's issues and problems. So um actually was talking, I joined uh well I have a gym, they finally opened up over here and then
SPEAKER_L: Did they? That's incredible. Our our gyms are still closed
SPEAKER_R: uh yeah they opened up in june um and then you have to wear masks and stuff even while you're you're working out, it's like whatever okay.
SPEAKER_L: first.
SPEAKER_R: But I have a friend that it's like we committed to, we actually share the cost of a trainer to like, you know, kind of get back like in the in the routine. I also had a um really bad back injury in december of this year where I was paralyzed from the waist down. I'm not now. I
SPEAKER_L: What,
SPEAKER_R: know it crazy. It was absolutely crazy. I'm, it's called coda sequana. It's like C. A. U. D. A. E. Q. U. I N. A. It's like a horse tail feather of your spine. Um Yeah, crazy. I just had, I mean, I have herniated, just kind of have a bad back anyway, but I just did a simple fall outside my house, going to the car, going to work and I was like, oh, I feel fine the next day I couldn't get out of bed um then my bladder, I could meet my bladder and oh yeah, it was crazy. My left leg went, it was, it was insane. And finally I'm
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: long, how long did it take you to get like use back
SPEAKER_R: um so I, well, so that was on a Wednesday before thanksgiving that it happened. I went to the doctor and Wednesday was finally able to crawl to the shower and he was like oh you know like we'll just do an X ray and I'm like okay. And then then it started um it wasn't so bad, then it started to get worse, so the pain was excruciating but the pain start to get better but I sort of lose you know, sensation in my left leg and then the bladder and that was by Wednesday. I finally Tuesday, I went into the hospital and there they did emergency surgery on Wednesday. So right after I'm gonna have to walk with a walker um Type of thing. I mean I was wearing depends, I mean that's all good now. I still have what they call saddle anesthesia, so whatever you sit on a horse, it all is numb or like electric pain and crazy stuff. So so yeah.
SPEAKER_L: almost like a, like a shock, like like shocked still.
SPEAKER_R: I'm still, yeah and it's not all the time but um but when it happens I I literally stopped like in the middle of walking or whatever it is. Um so and uh so that's gotten I mean that was what eight, almost nine months, it was nine months ago and that's actually starting to get better as far as my mobility pain wise. But I have to I mean I already have my mental health issues and then I have to push through the pain and I'm not on any pain meds or anything because I also know that I mean not just like jacked me up so I'm you know, exercise exercise is the best thing for me, even when I'm in pain, I actually feel better when I get done.
SPEAKER_L: Because I think you release, I think you're releasing endorphins which sort of right? What kind of exercise?
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: Because I'll be honest, I'm a very I'm a very sedentary person. I I do
SPEAKER_R: And red.
SPEAKER_L: basically nothing And I committed to doing like 15-20 minutes of walking a day just to start and I feel like it's better than nothing and we'll see what happens, you know? And I I don't want to push myself and lose interest and then stop doing it all together, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I started with walking and um built up, I would say probably five months ago, I was about in april I started working at my backyard, which is was a disaster. I mean just blackberry bushes, everything and I could only work for about Maybe 10 minutes at a time before I had to go in and rest and that was my day. Now I can do about two hours out there, but I had to slowly
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: build myself back.
SPEAKER_L: and what do you do? What do you do for the two hours?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well I was, you know uh like whacking down uh blackberry bushes and and so for the two hours now um kind of maintenance we have like we were putting up a gazebo even though like I'm not lifting anything because that's one thing I'm like off the table for the rest of my life is lifting anything because literally my spinal cord chunks of it were everywhere, like it was not pretty, they couldn't even sew it together, they had to patch it with Gortex. So um so I'm lucky, I'm really, I have to look at my blessings and that's another thing because I can go deep into the negative. I call it the vortex that will suck me in. Um but I have to think about the positive, Oh my God, there are people who have what I have, who are in wheelchairs and they're having a straight cath themselves. I'm not so I, you know, consider that a huge blessing
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: and I'm also determined to not let this beat me, You know, I'm going to do it in to do to protect my spine, but I'm like you're not you're not taking me down. So I kind of get a little, you know, little superhero attitude.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. No, I think that's wonderful. That's wonderful. So you're you're exercising at the gym but you're also doing like gardening,
SPEAKER_R: right, so gardening, walking, I love to walk. um I used to run with my back, I can't, yeah, that's not a good idea, so I love to walk, kind of get out there, get some fresh air um see some nature, love hiking, I've been trying to do that on the weekends um Again, I love kayaking because I can do that with friends and it's a good, you know, upper by, we just did
SPEAKER_L: You sound
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: like a really, you sound like a really healthy person. Like I think my ultimate life goal, like I would like to maybe once a month go hiking, maybe go bicycling, you know like once a month and just sort of like slowly, slowly start adding that into my regiment.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I find that if I, for me personally, if I don't schedule it, I don't do it, so if I have a calendar and I put it on there and especially if I have someone else going with me, I'm more committed because then I feel
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: bad
SPEAKER_L: do you do this with friends or do you do this with your husband?
SPEAKER_R: uh he's uh he, he doesn't a lot, like I went kayaking yesterday and that was with him, but as far as walking, he has really, his knees and feet are pretty bad, so that's it's painful for him. A lot of it. I do alone, but something um sometimes I'll try to get with my friend Alana and just because if we we kind of helped motivate each other so if I'm doing
SPEAKER_L: That's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: exercise usually with her. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's important. You
SPEAKER_R: Just a weekend
SPEAKER_L: take do you take any
SPEAKER_R: first.
SPEAKER_L: medication for your depression?
SPEAKER_R: So I do I take effects or 150 mg though. It's interesting. I have what's called I guess um hyper withdrawal. So if I don't take that every day let's say I miss one day I will be violently ill. I will be throwing up, I will be um uh chest pain, nausea, vomiting, shortness of breath, all of that. So I'm supposed to see a psychiatrist to kind of you know, switch and figure out. But I'm also scared because I know what it's like to go off medication and onto another medication. It's like just give me two weeks to be my by myself with nobody around me. So I haven't
SPEAKER_L: Do you think do you think it's like that with the effects or or do you think that it would be like that with any medication?
SPEAKER_R: I've never had it like that with any other medication and I've been probably about four. I was talking I was actually going to join this um some sort of study group, research, study group about depression in that and um I was talking with the doctor about that and she said, oh she goes that's like actually what we call hyper withdrawal and she goes, you may want to consider talking to a psychiatrist because that's I mean that's that's awful for you and if I rarely ever miss, but when I do it's just not, it's like it's not pretty. But then I'm also I know that it treats my depression and they feel good. So it's this just keep taking your meds or if you switch because I've switched before and the other med wasn't good. So
SPEAKER_L: What is good?
SPEAKER_R: nervous, I'm nervous.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: I'm like
SPEAKER_L: tough.
SPEAKER_R: that, do I not? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I just I just went on a new medication and I feel pretty stable and I have um I don't know if it's because of um going on disability, I don't know if it's because of the pandemic, but I've been having daily anxiety that is very hard to control. And I've been throwing all of these different like techniques at it. Deep breathing, journaling. I've been going to Anami meeting, I've been doing like this zoom nah mee meeting um there's this other thing called DBS. A it's called the depression bipolar Support Alliance. I don't know if you're interested,
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know if you're interested in maybe going to like a support group online but I do feel that they're hopeful. And
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's I'm gonna write that down.
SPEAKER_L: it's called the depressed, it's called D. D. B. S. A. And it's all
SPEAKER_R: Cbs
SPEAKER_L: over America DPS A. And then you would look up your state and it's the depression bipolar support Alliance.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wonderful. Yeah, I just wrote
SPEAKER_L: Then
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: there's and then there's Anami and then there's nah me. So I have been doing these support groups via zoom and I feel like again it's not the same thing as going to a therapist or going to a psychiatrist but it's like a little bit extra of a support group so you get to talk to other people and and um you know, I've been trying to do everything I possibly can, but my psychiatrist put me on like new medication and I feel like it's been sort of leveling me out but I found that I finally had to go on an anti anxiety medication and I'm just I'm hoping and praying that that will be the linchpin that sort of like levels me out a little bit. But all you can do is what you can do and just try every day and
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: work steps and everything
SPEAKER_R: And it's so important I think like what you're talking about with the support group, so I'm going to look into that thank you is that you know, you're not alone, you're
SPEAKER_L: yet.
SPEAKER_R: not alone. And I think the sad thing is that when you start talking more people, you know, there's more people out there than, you know, because it was so you know taboo to even talk about it and I have to be honest, in my in my career I really didn't start talking about it until about maybe four years ago about health. And, and I think there's also that, you know, that stigma of unfortunately a shame, you know, and even though it's like I explained it to my husband, I said, if you, because sometimes don't ask me things that I just mentally can't handle, I just mentally cannot handle. And I said, what if you were to ask somebody, somebody had a broken leg and you were asked them and they were in a wheelchair and you ask them to get up, walk over there and go get the mail or something, because of what I would never do that. And I go, exactly, I'm like, this is this right up here, this ain't shining bright, I'm intelligent, I'm very intelligent, I'm very, you know, I mean, and I think that's what I find is a lot of people with mental illness are very intelligent and I don't know if there's a correlation there, but but I said, you know, you're asking me to do something that I mentally cannot handle and so you're asking me to literally risk myself mentally to go, do you know, whatever that you know might be that I can't go there as I think it's important that well I don't have a broken leg and you can't visibly see what's wrong that that you know, I do have some issues, so you know.
SPEAKER_L: You know I will I will tell you that. I think it's really incredible though that your husband was willing to go to the family and friends, NAMI meeting my husband, I love my husband and he's so good to me and he lets me stay at home and not work And what doesn't, he doesn't get it, he doesn't get it. And he tries to like give me advice and I'm like, dude, you just don't get it, you
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: just don't understand like I'm legitimately every day doing the very best I can and some days I just, I just can't do it. And the most, the most that I can do is like if I can make dinner for you and I could take out the garbage and I can make the bed and like that's what I can do, but I'm gonna like I'm on the couch watching television and I'm feeling anxious and he's like, I don't understand why you're anxious, you're life is great, you have nothing to worry about, I'm completely taken care of you, what is your anxiety about? And I'm like, you don't understand, it's like a chemical imbalance, I'm taking my medication, I'm doing everything I can. Why don't you go to this nanny needing? And he's like, I don't need to go to the nanny meeting, I'm fine. So, I mean, I think it's really great that your husband was willing to do that, but it's like, I can't control, I don't have control over what he does and I love him and I accept him for what his limitations are and we do have a good marriage, but I recognize that he has certain limitations and there's only so much that he can do,
SPEAKER_R: yep, it's kind of that old adage that you can only change yourself, I mean you can't change anybody else. And still, even with that, I mean my husband will, he's very happy go lucky guy and I'm not that person. Um uh uh you know, he's uh and still, I mean, even though I went to the meeting, which is great. Um there's still, I mean he's like, you know, I just don't get it. I don't, you know, I don't understand what's wrong or um I think are being a little Uh huh. But yeah, it's just that, you know, I think you've just learned to kind of let me be me and
SPEAKER_L: You're
SPEAKER_R: red.
SPEAKER_L: very you're very, in many ways, you're very blessed. And you're also, you know, you have two Children. I mean, honestly do lisa, I think kind of, my whole life,
SPEAKER_R: Remember.
SPEAKER_L: I was sort of aware of the fact that, like, Children would not be something that would be in my future. I'm like, I really have to be able to just maintain my health, take care of myself.
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I don't think I could be responsible for Children. I don't think it's something I would be able to do and just like you said about disability, like I'm very concerned about finances right now right now, even though I'm on disability, I'm trying, I'm doing prolific. I'm trying to make like $5 a day so I could stock that aside because I'm concerned about retirement. Like, I'm
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: trying to do everything I possibly can because I want to make sure that I'm okay later in life, you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. And you know what actually this is I got goose bumps because my husband and I are really and we've been married six years, but we've known each other since we were teenagers um and um is that I think we always believe that good people connect with good people and there's a reason that we're having this chat today. I
SPEAKER_L: I'm really glad I met you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, me too, me too. I feel like it's just it's refreshing. I know a lot of other chats we've talked about kind of current events or different things like that. Um but I'm really glad we had this conversation, like my kids know about my mental illness. I mean, well, you know, we have our little, you know, so I and that's not like we're joking about mental illness, but it's it's commonly talked about in our family. Um and I remember my daughter one time said, she goes, well, I'm really glad because my son has anxiety and you know, and I got my issues and she's like, oh, I'm really glad I don't have mental illness, and I looked at her and I was, there's some words that wanted to come out of my mouth, but I didn't go, I said, well so let me see here. So so since you don't which is wonderful um what do you what do you learn from that? And she goes well I don't know. I said well I hope you have compassion for people to write. And so it's funny. She ended up dating somebody who had some mental health issues and um you know she wasn't falling into the co dependent type thing but but she was like she actually had compassion. I'm like wow okay good.
SPEAKER_L: right, That's great.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah you should've seen the look I gave her like oh great,
SPEAKER_L: That's fantastic.
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: That's fantastic.
SPEAKER_R: I'm glad we talked today, this is
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: really, I'm really glad we talked today to do lisa. It was really a pleasure. It was a pleasure
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: talking with you. And if I learned
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: anything
SPEAKER_R: take it.
SPEAKER_L: today today, I learned that maybe I can do a little bit more mindfulness and I learned that I'm not alone
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely. Absolutely
SPEAKER_L: and I really appreciated talking to you. And I'm gonna enjoy filling out my survey afterwards.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Me too. Absolutely. Gene.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: It was nice
SPEAKER_L: we'll
SPEAKER_R: meeting
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: a wonderful, have a wonderful day, enjoy
SPEAKER_R: You too.
SPEAKER_L: the rest
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: of your day.
SPEAKER_R: day cannot. Yeah, fine.