Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh.
I can hear you okay. I made a huge mistake, I actually hit the next one. I
was I wasn't paying attention so I got like really nervous, I had like this huge anxiety moment where I hit I hit the wrong thing and then I saw this um caveat where it's like if you accidentally hit the next button you can click
here to get back in.
So I was like okay good. So anyway
yes thank will. Yeah exactly.
it's
not that hard, like it's pretty simple and I messed
it up so there you go.
just you know teaching teaching what you're not supposed to do. So that's that's basically what I did
at.
I so my
name
is Gina, my name is Gina,
I'm from New Jersey,
what is your name?
So lisa d
nice to meet you too lisa where
are
you from?
Oh my God, what time is it?
Oh God bless you,
that's, wow.
Oh God bless you for waking up so early. I mean in real life, in real life I wake up at about eight a.m. That's like the time when I get up and you're wow, seven am good for you.
But
I'm actually on permanent disability. I have, I have bipolar disorder and in my former life I was a professor, I taught english at the college level, I taught high school english and lisa lisa. I
had to earn money obviously to pay my bills right?
But the the anxiety of interacting with others and having scrutiny and I had these intrusive thoughts and when I was at work, when I was at work I would have this terrible anxiety and then when I would go home I would be thinking about being at work and then when I would go to bed I would be dreaming about being at work. So
it's like, I would exactly be at work 100% of the time, and then when I would be off, because it's a teacher, you get this quote unquote break. So I would say, I would say like, in june for a few weeks I'd be okay. But then as soon as july would hit, the anxiety would start hitting me again. It wasn't just like, it wasn't just in my mind. I would get, I've gotten in car accidents because of this anxiety. I
am, I threw my back out because of the anxiety. I would, like, hold the anxiety in my back and I kind of feel like I'm um 47 years old. I've been, I
I feel like I'm a pretty intelligent person and
I'm fair, I'm fairly accomplished. I have a master's degree, I was accepted into a doctoral program. I was in the Peace Corps. I'm a published writer. I've been in therapy for years. Um,
I feel like I have really tried to lick this. You know what I mean? Like I've done a lot of like self work and self help books and I've prayed and I've like, I've done like journaling like I've done like a lot of of work and I spoke with a therapist the other day and the therapist is like, you know, Gina, I think maybe you should practice this thing called radical acceptance. Maybe you need to radically accept the fact that maybe you're just disabled and instead of fighting against it and being in denial and being angry and beating yourself up and maybe
you need to put your energy into accepting it because if you can accept it, you can learn coping strategies and you know, you can try
to
like be happier and live a good life and you know, problem solved, you know, and I know we're getting like really deep here and
I wanted to, obviously I wanted to talk about you and I want to hear about your life, but did you did
ask me like, well what do you do? And the truth is lisa it's such a big part I think of who you are like, well what do you do? How do you spend your days? And it's really hard. I think telling people well, well I don't work, you know what I mean? Like it's really a big deal, you know? And so I think sometimes I feel like I have to sort of either defend myself or explain myself and I guess I felt the need to sort of like explain my life situation what I mean.
I do not me to. When do you, Yeah. Do you do you do like zoom meetings?
What
kind do you own a mean to
cut you off?
Realized.
Of course
we're like absorbing your, like absorbing it.
Can I tell you something? Honestly,
I feel that way too. I feel like
I've always been a very, like a one on one person. I feel
like being with a large number of people. I get very, very overwhelmed and I feel like um when people have very severe problems, I absorb, I absorb what they're. So if you're saying you're, you're a nurse practitioner, did you say
case
Oh da lisa,
So you, so you were saying you were saying that you feel like Two years ago you were like, Wow, I don't really know how much longer, I don't know if I can make I don't know if I
can make 65.
How do you live?
No, no, it's a real it's a real concern for me. It's a real concern for me.
No, it's about no that's about the same here. It's about the same like 1500 for like a studio or something like Right.
How do you eat?
Someone
for stability.
Right. But can I ask you a question in the meantime? But you mentioned you mentioned like exercise. What are some of your and you also mentioned like chiseling away at your foundation. What would you say? Some of your coping? What are some of your coping strategies on a day to day basis just to sort of keep yourself together.
I
want to try to do that. I want to try to do that. And I put it on a list of things like I really need to try to do like mindfulness meditation and
I
gotta
tell
you,
I I feel like I'm not, I feel like I'm not really committing
to that the way I should. Um I don't know if it's because I find it difficult when I start doing it. I feel like my mind keeps wandering and I got to keep bringing myself back. Um
but that's something I should work on and I didn't mean to cut you off. You
said you do meditate, What else do you do?
Did they? That's incredible. Our our gyms are still closed
first.
What,
How
long, how long did it take you to get like use back
almost like a, like a shock, like like shocked still.
Because I think you release, I think you're releasing endorphins which sort of right? What kind of exercise?
Because I'll be honest, I'm a very I'm a very sedentary person. I I do
basically nothing And I committed to doing like 15-20 minutes of walking a day just to start and I feel like it's better than nothing and we'll see what happens, you know? And I I don't want to push myself and lose interest and then stop doing it all together, you know?
Well
and what do you do? What do you do for the two hours?
All
Absolutely. No, I think that's wonderful. That's wonderful. So you're you're exercising at the gym but you're also doing like gardening,
You sound
like a really, you sound like a really healthy person. Like I think my ultimate life goal, like I would like to maybe once a month go hiking, maybe go bicycling, you know like once a month and just sort of like slowly, slowly start adding that into my regiment.
You
do you do this with friends or do you do this with your husband?
That's crazy.
Yeah. That's important. You
take do you take any
medication for your depression?
Do you think do you think it's like that with the effects or or do you think that it would be like that with any medication?
What is good?
That's
tough.
Yeah I just I just went on a new medication and I feel pretty stable and I have um I don't know if it's because of um going on disability, I don't know if it's because of the pandemic, but I've been having daily anxiety that is very hard to control. And I've been throwing all of these different like techniques at it. Deep breathing, journaling. I've been going to Anami meeting, I've been doing like this zoom nah mee meeting um there's this other thing called DBS. A it's called the depression bipolar Support Alliance. I don't know if you're interested,
I don't know if you're interested in maybe going to like a support group online but I do feel that they're hopeful. And
it's called the depressed, it's called D. D. B. S. A. And it's all
over America DPS A. And then you would look up your state and it's the depression bipolar support Alliance.
Then
there's and then there's Anami and then there's nah me. So I have been doing these support groups via zoom and I feel like again it's not the same thing as going to a therapist or going to a psychiatrist but it's like a little bit extra of a support group so you get to talk to other people and and um you know, I've been trying to do everything I possibly can, but my psychiatrist put me on like new medication and I feel like it's been sort of leveling me out but I found that I finally had to go on an anti anxiety medication and I'm just I'm hoping and praying that that will be the linchpin that sort of like levels me out a little bit. But all you can do is what you can do and just try every day and
work steps and everything
yet.
You know I will I will tell you that. I think it's really incredible though that your husband was willing to go to the family and friends, NAMI meeting my husband, I love my husband and he's so good to me and he lets me stay at home and not work And what doesn't, he doesn't get it, he doesn't get it. And he tries to like give me advice and I'm like, dude, you just don't get it, you
just don't understand like I'm legitimately every day doing the very best I can and some days I just, I just can't do it. And the most, the most that I can do is like if I can make dinner for you and I could take out the garbage and I can make the bed and like that's what I can do, but I'm gonna like I'm on the couch watching television and I'm feeling anxious and he's like, I don't understand why you're anxious, you're life is great, you have nothing to worry about, I'm completely taken care of you, what is your anxiety about? And I'm like, you don't understand, it's like a chemical imbalance, I'm taking my medication, I'm doing everything I can. Why don't you go to this nanny needing? And he's like, I don't need to go to the nanny meeting, I'm fine. So, I mean, I think it's really great that your husband was willing to do that, but it's like, I can't control, I don't have control over what he does and I love him and I accept him for what his limitations are and we do have a good marriage, but I recognize that he has certain limitations and there's only so much that he can do,
You're
very you're very, in many ways, you're very blessed. And you're also, you know, you have two Children. I mean, honestly do lisa, I think kind of, my whole life,
I was sort of aware of the fact that, like, Children would not be something that would be in my future. I'm like, I really have to be able to just maintain my health, take care of myself.
I don't think I could be responsible for Children. I don't think it's something I would be able to do and just like you said about disability, like I'm very concerned about finances right now right now, even though I'm on disability, I'm trying, I'm doing prolific. I'm trying to make like $5 a day so I could stock that aside because I'm concerned about retirement. Like, I'm
trying to do everything I possibly can because I want to make sure that I'm okay later in life, you know what I mean?
I'm really glad I met you.
right, That's great.
That's fantastic.
That's fantastic.
I'm
really, I'm really glad we talked today to do lisa. It was really a pleasure. It was a pleasure
talking with you. And if I learned
anything
today today, I learned that maybe I can do a little bit more mindfulness and I learned that I'm not alone
and I really appreciated talking to you. And I'm gonna enjoy filling out my survey afterwards.
All
we'll
have
a wonderful, have a wonderful day, enjoy
the rest
of your day.