Mm
I'm good. I'm Annie
nice to meet you. I have to move my window because they have a giant monitor, so I'm looking down mm So where are you located?
Oh wow, I'm
in Chicago
cold. No, actually it's beautiful here today. I mean it's like 50 maybe. That's cool to you.
Where are we?
And
what part of texas did you say your own
Austin? That's awesome. I'd love to Austin. I've never been to texas but my parents used to
go there too. Is it like Galveston here? The ocean a golf I guess. Um for like 10 years and they invited me to go there and I never did. It was always like during the winter and I was busy with work and stuff, but hopefully um, I'll make it there. But I'd love, I always wanted to go to Austin because it seems such a cool place.
One
All right.
I mean they were, I know they had to go through Galveston but they were like out like way on the beach and it was actually really beautiful and my dad would fish.
maybe it's
I can't remember the exact spot where they went, but my father actually passed away about a year ago and so my mom didn't go there this year and so I can't remember exactly where it was, but I know they were near Galveston, but definitely the water wasn't brown where they were.
It was like it was beautiful.
Well
we go down to,
Oh, I bet. So. Has it been easy for you to work from home? Well, I guess you have to stay inside now or did they kind of loosen restrictions with covid where you live?
Yeah, I'm in Chicago. So basically we have like if we can only go out for essential things and I mean our lakefront is closed down right now and it's the caseloads are going up, so
not like overwhelming the city, but it's frustrating because there are people I live on the north side of Chicago near to universities and students have been sent home, but a lot of the students are here, you know, just hanging out and there's so many students that are just like running around, like nothing is different and so frustrating because I'm in the same, I'm not close to my mom, my mom was in michigan, so I'm distant from her physically, but
I want to go see her. I haven't seen it since february and she's in a vulnerable population. She has an autoimmune disease and takes drugs to suppress her immune system. So she's like kind of at risk and so I really careful and it frustrates me, like when I go you know out and I'm wearing my mask and I'm saying
I'm like constantly because I live in a very urban place so it's like I'm walking like into the street to get away from people. It's like it's so um people like perception of what is safe or how to either taking this are so varied. Yeah.
Being selfish. Yeah.
Well
Yeah I feel I feel you I feel the same way and um we did the same for my mom at the beginning of april and I have a brother but he lived in Seattle with his family and so we had like my aunts and uncles and cousins and my brother and my mom's friends like everybody joined zoom and we sang Happy Birthday. Um
It was awesome. But I mean at first like I I felt like at the beginning of april I was chilled with all this because I'm a graphic designer, I work from home, normally have my own business, so I I'm not necessarily, I don't like staying home all the time, but I'm working from home every day anyway, so I was like this isn't really that different, you know,
I just have to be careful when I have to go to the grocery store and stuff,
but now that it's may I'm like okay, you know, I can't continue doing this for months and lines. Yes, I
was
dating someone
for all
of
it and that Well he lives in europe when he got stuck there and then when he came back he is a nurse, so he like working and we didn't really know each other that well, so I haven't even seen the person I was dating and
we don't think it's safe to see each other and who knows like what will be happening when this is all over. I feel like it's weird.
Yeah. I don't have Children either
but um I mean just looking at my brother's family, he has one daughter, just one daughter, she's she's only seven but my brother and my sister in law ourself like there um they have their own businesses so you know nobody's getting like paid time off or anything like that you know what and they're trying to teach their daughter at home and like tag teaming so they can continue doing some sort of work, you
know like sister in law as a therapist and my brother does home inspections and it's like I mean they're getting into a groove with it but it's kind of like my nieces, I feel so bad for these like going to work with them and they're working by themselves so it's safe. But it's just yeah, I feel I feel grateful that I can just like focused on helping people in my neighborhood and help my family and be supportive to my friends. And also like when my dad got sick last year, it all happened really fast and was unexpected for our family. So um I ended up spending the bulk of last year at my mom's in michigan and like finally the last month I've had time to kind of like finish healing myself if
that makes them just
getting back into my own world and like thinking about what what I want in the next few moors and just taking care of myself. And that's been kind of a weird, I've kind of felt like that was a blessing in some ways, but you want to go back outside?
Well
yeah my mom and I were talking about that.
I know it's you know a couple other people that lost relatives, loved ones like right before the stay at home orders happened
and they also feel kind of grateful in a sense that they have been able to grieve with their families and I am not someone a friend of mine lost a relative like last week and there able to have a funeral but they are like only allowed to be like five people at a time and then they can go to a cemetery but they have to like only five people can be closed and everyone has to stay in their car. I mean it's like
is
you're
doing what we need to do to retain their family rituals and things like that but it's not it's not ideal. It was I'm sure it's really making things a lot harder, you know, in an already tough situation. Yeah.
Yeah. I'm going to definitely go and see my mom. I'm hoping I can go and see her at the end of May. But I do have a kind of escape that I can take advantage of right now. And that is, I do urban agriculture in Chicago. So I'm able to go to this space where we grow things because we can stay socially distant. We can have like five, you know, or under people in our space and we're planting vegetables and doing all
this stuff. So I feel like what I've been doing is like riding my bike 10 miles, being there all day like a couple of times a week and then I come home. So I feel like I've been able to go outside, enjoy the springtime and stuff like that. But I would say like I want to just give someone a hug.
that's wonderful.
principle.
I am all for Bernie Van. Mhm
I know,
yeah, it's crazy.
I first
met Bernie Sanders when when I first moved to Chicago, I was part of the Democratic Socialists of America
and I went to a thing called the Debs dinner that they had Chicago. It might just be a Chicago thing or maybe it's in other chapters too. But he was the speaker
and I was like this was like 15 years ago and I was like fell in love, I was like, I just love this person and I followed him ever since then and ultimately where I live, it's like big burning country, you know, it's
of Chicago
goes
and
Oh my gosh.
Mhm
I think
I get the feeling that the local chapters really very greatly in terms of their mission and what they try to accomplish this on the level of whatever region they're in. But I found like in Chicago, when I got involved, it was like when the occupy movement started or always think beef, you know, food, not bombs and things like that, so it was more of a grassroots, like getting um, you know, social justice organization and then there was Bernie Sanders, you know, I kind of just the, the hero of the de esa, but now I feel like there, I'm not sure if there are more organized on a national level now, they might be just because of how much more that platform has um,
you know, more widely known.
and
me,
it's easy
for such, I felt like when I was getting involved in that. Mhm. It would have been easy to get swept up into it and then I myself have to look at it like is this really distracting me from my path? Like whatever it is, I'm supposed to be doing that my heart me to do, getting involved in lots of groups and causes, while it might sound appealing and feel like it would give me purpose when I'm feeling that super connected to my purpose. Like I try not to get involved anymore. I mean I used to be part of like food and water watch and
the anti vehicle campaigns and
I
felt like I was sharing good information and getting the word out, but now I just grow food. Well not designing stuff.
mary.
it's true.
Well it already happened when all the covid restrictions drops in like you can I order seeds all the time in the spring and normally like if I'm germinating stuff and something doesn't sprout, I realized, you know, I need new seeds, I can get
them within like a week and see companies were overwhelmed and sold out of everything. Like there was a run on scene. It was and they're like replenishing things now, it's not like a dying situation, but I think so many people started gardens at home and that's awesome. But at the same time it's like I think people started like stockpiling, you know, it was the proper mentality took over and I mean understandable because this is kind of unprecedented weird situation.
that's
that's crazy.
No, and maybe, I mean I know for me I will be thinking about preparedness for
whatever more now. I mean I feel like you know from my own life like thankfully I work from home normally like things weren't really that um upset by the covid frankness for me but still it's like I need to really think about like if something else were to happen what would I need to be prepared for and yeah
I think I would order seeds a lot of them.
and neither stored properly like kept dry and cool. We had Swedes and R. C. Library for our garden that are from like 2012 and they germinate. So I mean you can definitely, you know do a little seed vault. I have them in in sealed in plastic in a box in the fridge.
You know they're like dry and cool and they're fine.
Oh really? That went fast.
Oh let's see. Oh yeah
this is
28.
Yeah it was nice talking with you.
Thank you. I hope and continue to go well for you too.
What
did you see what he was?
Cindy was nice to meet you, Cindy.