Mhm. Um Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Stop it. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mm hmm. Okay. Yeah. Oh. Oh, can you stop required it? Mhm. Two Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh yes. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
Oh hi, hold on. I'm looking at something else. Oh, hi, How are you?
Hi, I'm Cindy.
I am in Austin texas.
No.
Okay, so it's cool you said
um it's funny because um when it's 50 degrees in texas, where like is it a cold 50 degrees or is it a hot $50?
Um but yeah, it's really beautiful outside today too. We have like a nice cool front. Um so
it's really nice.
Austin texas.
What?
Oh, Austin is like, I shouldn't even belong to texas because texas is oh, don't even get me started on texas but it's definitely like an oasis. It's a texas oasis. But it's funny that you mentioned Galveston because my great grandfather actually emigrated to the United States through Galveston because it used to be known as the Ellis Island of the South. So yeah, so a lot of um italian immigrants came to, well a lot of immigrants from everywhere came to the United States through Galveston. So Galveston has that pretty intense history. Um And so I actually grew up overseas um But my dad was from Galveston and when I came back to the United States I went to high school and Allison lived there for a number of years. But Galveston is a city that's constantly in flux because of the storms that happened there a lot. And it's also kind of conservatives, so I don't
really care to be there.
Water when you go to the ocean, the water is brown and except for a few weeks in october when it's more greenish looking, but usually it's like brown and it just doesn't look appealing. So I stay away from Galveston.
okay, so maybe he was going to like across the ferry to like Crystal Beach or something like that,
No.
we're Uh huh.
Really beautiful. Yeah it depends more time of the year also. Um And the reason the water is brown and Galveston is because um of the Mississippi River um without all the silt and it you know the way the gulf moves, it comes down
toward.
Yeah. Well I did live in Houston for quite some time um You know just because you know moving up to Houston from Galveston um But my family all lives in Austin and I've been trying to get here and I just moved here back in october yeah I like it a lot. I work at facebook so that's also interesting.
so they did I honestly to be honest I haven't even looked at what the restrictions being lifted are because I don't plan to do anything different than what I've been doing for the last two months. Um mainly because um I am the only person that my mom comes in contact with and so um I do her grocery shopping and she had a heart attack in december so I'm really careful for her mainly for her and I do think that um going out right now the same way we were doing before is not a good idea. So I I'm staying here, they have opened some businesses and some restaurants which I think is awful to force servers to, you know, work right now. I just, that's terrible. And anybody who goes to a restaurant just because right now, I feel like I'm sorry. They're selfish. Seaward. Yeah. Mhm.
We've been doing.
Are
We're um
Well, I find that it's not only a rich with them, but they may be spreading the disease and not even know, like for me, I'm more like, hey, be careful, I'm not more like, hey, be careful, I'm more like, hey, you're being a dick, go home.
And yeah, and like um here in Austin, there is a lot of beautiful nature and a lot of rivers. Um there's a uh an area called the Green Belt and it's basically just rivers all over and, you know, not mountains, but you know, it's very, there's a lot of hiking and a lot of water water areas and the weather is so nice. Now people are starting to go to the water and I want to do that so badly. But I'm not because I don't know if I have Corona, I could have gotten it last week at the store and I don't know yet, you know what I mean? So I'm not gonna go be around people because first I don't want to get it, I don't know who has it and I wouldn't want to give it to anybody and it's just very frustrating. Yeah, I get pretty upset about it, but then I'm trying to forget, but
um I've always been a home body so I don't really mind staying home too much. But what I do mind is not being able to go see my friends and my family. You know, being able to hug her next and you know, just have a meal with them. You know, we had a birthday party for my mom on zoom the other day and it was actually really fun. It was it last like over four hours but it was still just so I'm like is this a new normal? I don't like it.
Yet.
All
Only,
is
the
go ahead. Oh,
you
meeting
Poland.
because we don't know what the new normal is going to be when it's over. It's really like gonna be, everything's going to be so different. Um I hope some really good things come out of this but I don't have any Children. So that's a huge feeling of relief for me that I'm not responsible for any other humans. Um and I just can't imagine what people with kids feel like. Um as far as like people with a bunch of kids that have to stay home and take care of them now, I'm like, oh thank God, I don't have any,
no.
When?
Around
dinner,
yeah, I have two questions for you. First one is regarding this conversation and I know this is going to sound really weird and flippant even, but I'm kind of glad in a way that the thing with your dad happened before all of this, because you might have not been able to go see him or like
even funeral and
I can't imagine having to go through that, lose a loved one and not even be able to commiserate with your family or even go to say, you know, your goodbyes. I just feel so bad for people that have to go through that.
Well I
Yeah. That's
hard. So
hard.
Um My other question that I was gonna ask you was do you have any ideas of what you want to do when it's safe to go back out?
Not
What? Yes. I actually convinced my mom to let me hug her. I had a mask on and she had a mask on and we just like came to each other really close like this. But we hugged for a good 30 seconds because it was so nice.
Like yeah, it had to happen. I was like get ready. You're getting a hook. okay. But yeah, the hugging, I mean I'm definitely a kind of person that can be alone a lot. I can, you know, I can stay in my home for a long time. But hugging when I want to hug is important. Like I used to when I lived in Houston and I didn't have family, the only people I would really see where people that I worked with and so I would always give people that work hugs and I'd be like, look I live alone, so I'm sorry, I'm going to get out from you and they're like okay. Um But yeah, it's so important. I really hope that um also from this we I don't want to start talking about politics, but I really hope universal
healthcare becomes a thing really soon. I don't think it's going to happen because you know, we don't have Bernie but I know
so sad
during this facebook group and I think I'm gonna leave it though because it's heartbreaking. Um and it's the facebook group is called for people to pretend that Bernie Sanders is the president. You see all these posts about like wonderful things that are happening for people and then I'm like oh this is great and then I look and I'm like oh I'm in this group, it's not happening. Um But yeah, Bernie came here um and I went to a Bernie rally, it was so cool and there was so much momentum and we really thought he was gonna take texas and it was so close and then it all went crap from there and then he didn't have a chance when all the primaries you know continued during the corona which I just think it's ridiculous and
I
don't
Well
Tom.
Austin is reading
burning
and
dreaming often. I mean you should have seen there are like thousands and thousands of people at that rally. It was amazing and then that stupid idiot Alex jones showed up.
Yeah and he was like on the outside of where we were with a huge sign and big old bullhorns and yelling at everybody and I was just like shut up, get out of here, it was ridiculous. But yeah um one of my friends is really involved with democratic socialists of America and so is my mom um usually a
joiner kind of person. Um but I really feel like um on a on a national level we can't get anything done on a national level clearly democracy is dead when it comes to that like the people aren't getting what they want. Um And I cannot believe I have to vote for frickin joe biden. But I think that that the D. S. A. Is a really good um a really good organization and I'm gonna look into it some more because my mom is getting involved and she goes to their little meetings and stuff so I'm gonna
kill you.
mm.
Right. Yeah, I honestly don't know too much about it, but all I need to do, I mean I have the information at my fingertips. I'm just like not I've just always not been a joiner only because. Uh huh. I think it might be some like subconscious walls up against people. Like I don't trust people but I don't know
I don't trust them. I just in general I stick to the people that I know and my friends just because I don't want to get burned. So
I tend to stay away from groups and stuff like that of just strangers. But um
well,
Every
the
world.
Yeah, growing food is important. That's another thing that my family and I have been talking about is getting some land for ourselves so that we can all be together if, you know, if we need to. Um
and uh she was like yeah, we need to get some land so we can grow some crops. And I'm like, well I say we start collecting seeds now because
because you know when the run on seeds comes, if we have a stash already, we already have, you know, uh we're ahead of the game.
What?
Mm. Well, and also there was also a run on this medication called Antabuse, I don't know if you've ever heard of it. Um but alcoholics use it to deter them from drinking because you take it every day and then if you drink alcohol while you're on it, you get really sick. So yeah, so basically I am an alcoholic, but I quit drinking last year, but the only way I was able to stop drinking um it was really hard because you have to stop drinking for like three days to get all the alcohol out of your system where you can take it. So like that was really hard for me, but I ended up doing it. Um and
then I ended up not having to take the pills because I was like, okay, I'm not going to drink. You know, I didn't really need the pills and I ran out. Well then when all this started, I was like, you know, maybe I should just have that in case I need it. Well, I can't find it anywhere. And um it's on back order from the, from the supplier. I found one pharmacy that will give it to me, but they want $50 for a 30 day supply. And I was like, that's ridiculous because I normally pay like $10. Um So
yeah, it's crazy. I just feel bad for all these alcoholics that are, you know, you know, can't get what they need because you know, well, it's not, it's not their fault. It's not anyone's fault. Like I'm glad that the alcoholics were like, hey, let's get this. So we don't lose our sobriety. But it's just crazy. I don't think the world was ready for what happened. We were not ready.
So.
Yeah. I need, I have like a little,
I'm going to order start getting seeds just because I feel like it's important and if I never am able to use them, I can pass them along to another generation, you know? Um
Well,
Yeah, I'm gonna start doing that actually. Um I have a huge like storage room out on my balcony. Um I'm gonna start filling it up with water. Um You know, nonperishable food goods, paper goods, just just normal things that I would need in case there was some kind of, you know, the in case the water supply got contaminated some kind of way or something because you never know what could happen. And then, you know, yeah, definitely. Gonna think more as far as preparedness goes, I think we've been on this call for over 25 minutes now.
I've been taking it's 1 13 and we started at 12 45. So we're good.
Right. Yeah. My little timer. I started a few minutes before and the timer.
30
minutes. So I know we're good. All right. Well, this was interesting and fun.
You I hope everything goes well with you and I hope you get to see your mom soon.
All right. Well, you have a great day. And you said your name is Amy. Right at
war
Cindy.
Thank you guys.