SPEAKER_L: that. Er That's better. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I'm sorry jesus. Yeah. All right. Yeah mm. That's fucked up. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Small. Yeah. Uh Yes. Mhm. I don't think nobody is coming again options. Hi that's
SPEAKER_R: hey,
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing great thanks. How are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm just making up.
SPEAKER_L: It's nothing else to do.
SPEAKER_R: Addition. No,
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: Have you done one of these before?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I've got a couple so far
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, not bad money. Right.
SPEAKER_L: not bad. Get to talk
SPEAKER_R: So where
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: from
SPEAKER_L: people.
SPEAKER_R: so far? Yeah. Um So where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm in Cincinnati. Ohio
SPEAKER_R: I love Ohio, Yeah, I'm from north Carolina.
SPEAKER_L: You Ohio when you? That's all right.
SPEAKER_R: And yeah, I'm in north Carolina, so
SPEAKER_L: you're in north
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: Carolina.
SPEAKER_R: fine.
SPEAKER_L: Okay I'm sorry I misunderstood. You
SPEAKER_R: Uh There is, oh yeah,
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: like I said, I just woke up, I had to run to the gas station and get coffee because I ran out.
SPEAKER_L: gotta have that
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, definitely. Um So how has things been since Covid started? Right.
SPEAKER_L: like a like a bad twilight zone.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know what you mean. This has kind of been like the only way I've been able to keep things floating while I've been like waiting for paychecks and stuff like that. Um Be able to find jobs, that something bad. It's just been uh it's just been a while trying to coordinate everything because I have a six year old, we got like this on and off school thing going on. Uh and any time he feels like a little bit weird, we kind of get freaked out and you know, we're like, okay, get him out, you know, we'll take him for a couple of days or something. So uh, I don't know. I think that I think all that stress is like finally kind of getting to us a little bit, but all right, well, goodbye. We always do. Yeah. So has it affected your family very much?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What was that?
SPEAKER_R: Has it affected your family a whole lot?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh Well we were kind of already kind of eccentric and introverted but you like lose the choice of doing what you want to do and then when you do go out it's crappy it's like you know but pretty much yeah like going to the gym or you know doing frivolous stuff I guess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I haven't really been missing the bars, restaurants or anything like that. I can kind of go with that, that stuff, you know? Um, honestly all the people of my age around here that are in the bar scene and things like that have just been passing it around like crazy. So I don't even want to hang with those people right now. Um It's
SPEAKER_L: but I
SPEAKER_R: been
SPEAKER_L: bet it's rough. I mean because I have a 23 year old so you know, no kids in college imagine that. I like, I don't see how she's, I go crazy. I
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: was partying in my twenties. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Partying
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: good with
SPEAKER_R: I definitely
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: spent
SPEAKER_L: bumper.
SPEAKER_R: like, yeah, right. Yeah, we don't we don't have anything going on right now though. It's a shame since live music shutdown. I haven't been doing anything. That's been the only thing that's been getting to me. Um Is that your party anywhere? I don't need a barter
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: party,
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: you know? Um
SPEAKER_L: I thought about that
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: too because I was able to start experiencing hanging out with my kids, going to rap concerts and you know, really enjoying it, you know, and that we had all these plans for the summer. No.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. At least she should still young. You know, you got plenty of time to go party with it, you know? I think that's like most parents dreams if not they're not cool parents, you know, if they they don't want to party with their kids when they get all their
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: last
SPEAKER_L: mind
SPEAKER_R: name, you have
SPEAKER_L: it,
SPEAKER_R: to be best friend, you know? But that's what I wanna do with my kid. Yeah. I wanna
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: be able to take
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: them places
SPEAKER_L: it,
SPEAKER_R: and get fun.
SPEAKER_L: do it and let them pay like the payoff is great thinking pampers and stuff as an investment.
SPEAKER_R: All right. I like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Getting people buying you lunch. I remember, you know, sacrificing my lunch for them, but now there we don't sell them sometimes. It's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm hoping one day I uh I can make something and piecing out of him or at least to make something out of himself and he can do it. Uh I don't know. I think that's what every other parent wants to I just want to see their kids successful. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: So what do you do for work?
SPEAKER_L: Uh I usually like work with working social services and mental health and just work
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: with christ victims of homeless stuff like that.
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: fantastic.
SPEAKER_L: so now makes a little sketchy because I can't really be out there. How just hands on, you know, grassroots hands on with the people. So that makes it a little difficult. You know? Everything
SPEAKER_R: I have a friend
SPEAKER_L: being
SPEAKER_R: that works
SPEAKER_L: restricted.
SPEAKER_R: at. I'm sorry. Mhm. I have a friend that works in a
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: shelter. She said it's been crazy, you know? She says
SPEAKER_L: Hm.
SPEAKER_R: she it's been outbreak after I have really big and uh it doesn't really slow down. Um Just me and my friends are actually putting together, I don't want to call it an organization because it's a little bit less like formal than that. But it's really just a group of like us, like 20 something's going out to parks, cleaning them up, uh collecting clothes, collecting food making soup and just, you know, we have food pantries all over town, kinda like a little free library thing, but it's just like little food baskets or something. Um And so we're gonna post the flyers and all those, tell everyone where they can go a couple of days ahead of time uh and give them a free meal at least or something. Um trying to build up some traction with the city so we can show them that we're doing something positive. And so that way when our group is ready to, you know, do something a little bit more fun, we can maybe like rent out like a parking deck or something like that and uh throw down there. Yeah, so I'm trying to trying to push everything towards fun, but through this like community effort uh because everyone my age is either just totally slipping, uh making something of themselves or they're just lost and completely I'm 29 so like everyone that I know between 25 30 is like going crazy with not knowing what to do uh still trying to be safe and things like that. Um and me and a couple other friends came up with this idea to give everyone an outlet and then eventually do our best to like reward, you know, if if it's not a parking deck, it will be at least a parking lot and we can socially distance everyone. Um There's some DJs up or something like that and and kind of make something happen out of it.
SPEAKER_L: That sounds great. That does, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we're still
SPEAKER_L: Every
SPEAKER_R: figuring everything
SPEAKER_L: little
SPEAKER_R: out.
SPEAKER_L: bit yellows.
SPEAKER_R: Oh right. Yeah, totally. Um trying to jump on it as fast as possible because it's already cold here. Uh not as cold as a high, but it's still cool. Um and it's only gonna get colder for the next couple of months and I know I know a lot of these homeless people in town there, my homies, they're my friends, you know, like I see them and they know me by name and you know it it's a it's a high five, I get on the street or whatever, you know, and um I can't watch those people go call it, you know, I've never have, you know, I've been here for 12 years like and from the beginning like you know bartending and all that other stuff, like there's always a free slice of pizza for those guys or something, so I got
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: to try to make something happen. Uh I mean they're good, they're resourceful. There's lots of, there's lots of things going on around here. We have like an urban ministries, Salvation Army does some stuff. Um, like I said, we have a shelter in a crisis center. Um, but those are so understaffed the, the like quality of like what you have to deal with their just because I don't know, I've visited a lot. Um, like I said, I also know a lot of these people. Um, so I know their attitudes and things like that and I get why some of them don't want to go to sleep at the crisis center or go to the shelter or things like that. Um, because there is a lot of things, there's a lot of diversity and why people are out there
SPEAKER_L: robert.
SPEAKER_R: in the first place and you know, um, you can't blanket everyone, you know? But I, but I get why, I don't know, I've traveled a lot. I was homeless in northern California. I didn't go to the missions, I didn't go to the crisis centers because I was afraid someone's gonna steal my stuff or what I asked
SPEAKER_L: You know.
SPEAKER_R: for no reason, you know? Um and so it was a thing so I can't, you know? Um and I was fine like up there, everyone knows that you're just trying to go work on a farm and all this stuff. So the
SPEAKER_L: And.
SPEAKER_R: communities take care of you. Um there there are lots of programs for that. Um, but also I was making pretty good money even though I was sleeping in a hammock. So you know, like I was fine. I was the most comfortable kid in the woods basically, you know? Um uh and you know, after having done that, especially like, and being basically just blessed with like cannabis and money you know like a good camping you know? It was like we were coming back you know it's like these guys don't have that you know what? We have ears tobacco you know like and no one's telling that on the street you know? Uh huh. So yeah I'm trying to actually do something uh for everyone, I don't know how exactly, but I think I think for the most part if we just like yell at him and give him a piece of paper to tell them where to go, they'll figure it out. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Well, I mean, you know what I've experienced like what you're saying in my person, in my personal life, you know, giving a hand up like you get a dollar store, you know, can I get a couple of cigarettes, Yeah, you know, I don't care, you know? But professionally things like that, they bring that back and they say we went to this uh so and so and these guys put this thing together and you know I mean somebody else you were there right, you know, it was amazing and so you know they'll talk about it for days and never forget it. You know a lot of the people that I've dealt with it because they like a lot of here they have to be up in the morning and out the door,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: you know, and then it's like what do you do, you know, what do you do? How do you spend your data, you can come back that last meal and go to bed and they come across different things that other organizations and people are doing in the community and it gives them something you know to feel you know just human and just be able to even talk about if several of them attended the gathering. So all of that sounds great you know?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I like that perspective a lot too because I don't want to just be some one time thing you know I'd like I'd love to do something like twice a month you know have all of us young people go out and like do something for our city. Um Especially because I am going to asking a lot of the city to uh to do this other thing because I'm a musician and an artist. I mean, so are most of my friends as well. Um So I want to provide a space for that, but we also have a lot of these like little bubbles of 20 something's, you know, we've got like this this hippie crowd, we've got this like metal crowd, we've got all these little bubbles and I know everyone. Um and I kind of just smash that because there's no there's no music scene here. Um
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: There's no reason for everyone to be so divided and split up. Um And and Greensboro being such an artistic and and cultural city. Um I think it's a shame honestly that we don't have as much support coming from such a large group of people. Um So that's another thing that I want to change is because I'm gonna be doing this stuff in everybody's backyard. You know like it's gonna be a different park every month. It's going to be a different place to feed people every month. Um And and that being said like everybody's gonna see us um And that hopefully everyone will inspire more people to come out but also will um show people that if they're not doing what we're doing, if they're not putting something out and they're asking all the fact that maybe they should re evaluate what it is that they're doing it for. You know, that's another thing that I live in Greensboro and I don't know if you know much about Greensboro but we go hard, you know like uh like we blocked off 41 beyond a talent like their dad, we we blocked off our whole highway. I'm talking just like a group of like 200 kids. You know? And that's not even all the people who were out there, like we get the police scared in the city. Uh We're on top of that. We have so much love like and that's and that's where it all comes from. You know like that we are a lot tighter than we give ourselves credit for. But we have we have like this obvious like class divide between east and west. We have like um you know because we have also got like five colleges here too. So the way we planned out to break everybody up by their class and it's a mess. Um But Greensboro also historically has used music and entertainment to unite that entire thing instead of like letting it be a divisive thing. Um And and I'd like to see that again, because those are my favorite years here was when you got to meet anybody and it wasn't the same 60 people that you see at the bars every night. Uh There were things to do. There are some music on the streets and things like that, which obviously now I get why people are more withdrawn and
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: I'm not trying to put anybody in a bad situation, but while it's just bad, I know that me and my friends can chip up $5 twice a month to hook up like at least like 50 60 people. Um because we definitely have that um As far as just like the population of people that we see um just wandering around a lot of times now. I I personally I know where the camps are. Um I've been doing this for a while mostly just by hooking them up with bud and like a little bit of food or something like that. Um With just me and my friends. Um But I've had them take yes, I've had people take me to all these like little spots in town where like I can find like 10 or 12 people camp together. Um And I could go and just drop like a pot of soup or something on them. But um like you said, I really want that word about thing to happen. I want them to go to the crisis center until the other 50 60 people and then go to the shelter until like those 100 people and let everyone know like there's someone out here who gives a shit. Sorry, who cares? You know?
SPEAKER_L: Word travels on the street you know that you know
SPEAKER_R: Amen.
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: Amen to that. It sure
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: does.
SPEAKER_L: our own CNN you know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It is faster to. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and it's real er it's hispanic
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: sort
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: of.
SPEAKER_L: it's no bullshit.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and and and that's the other places where I come from. Two, it's like I don't know like like I said I'm I spent time out there, I was sending packages back, I get it, that's I'm not I'm not on the streets like that, you know what I mean?
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: But I'm real like I've seen it, I I know what it's like to live in the woods and do whatever. Um Because I wasn't the first time I did that, you know? I've mostly like probably I'd say like maybe a third of my adult life has been traveling and yes, that was by choice, but it wasn't like I had somewhere to come back to, it wasn't like I had someone sending me money, I definitely had to figure it out on my own and make it. Um And I never sat in one place either. Um It was definitely traveling, it was easier to to be like oh I'm hungry but I have a backpack, I'm backpacking you know as opposed to um yeah I'm just gonna sit under your bridge for like too much because I don't know what to do. Um Which I met a lot of those people too and and I took it upon myself to inspire as many of those people as I could to be to be like because everyone is different and so it comes with nothing but respect for anyone that has a hard life because I know how good I have it. Um But I and I know that other people like I said just don't know or don't know how to get to a different place and I don't think that should just be cast aside and forgotten about.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I think they need to be loved. You know? I think that I think they need some help and I think that it's our job as people who have a comfortable place to do something. I'm not saying we got to bring him inside and take them to your house, you know, trust them or anything like that. But you it doesn't take that too show compassion and and I care about another life and give it value.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's true. So true. I mean you could have a shit half shelter and still live a struggle. Life been there done it you know, struggle, a struggle. And at
SPEAKER_R: I'm about
SPEAKER_L: the end
SPEAKER_R: to pay
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: the day,
SPEAKER_R: groceries with the conversation, you know? So
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: I get it.
SPEAKER_L: I'm before the pandemic. It was a question on the survey. Like are you worried about the economy? Hell no, I mean because I'm gonna be poor, no matter who's the president, he is, no matter, you know, it's right out. It's hard out here for a pit.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I had a friend who was like uh you know if trump wins and we like because God Greensboro is not a trump city, I don't like trump to go. Um But you know there there were talks about whether or not some groups would would flip out, you know that they were right. Um And he was like man if we riot brian you're coming with me, we're gonna go. So we just to keep it real. I was just like I was like dude you're right, I broke, I will take advantage of that opportunity you know? Um I throw a bottle out of building or something. But I don't know I like I like a lot of our buildings, a lot of our buildings have history and stuff like that. No, I'm not saying the courthouse needs to be protected but like like the last time things went down here like we're not talking about blocking out 40. Uh You know we had we had a big standoff downtown um with the police and everything and some guys started like smashing the cultural rights building.
SPEAKER_L: Why?
SPEAKER_R: So a group of my friends went over there and just start protecting all the windows. and it was crazy like where did these dudes even come from? Like why are they here? They're not on our side obviously. Um And just like why would you go and attack like one of the only things downtown that was built to push against this, you know? And that money didn't just come from whatever esteemed mayors or something like that, you know that that was a community effort to build that that will work, you know? You know? But yeah. Uh Yeah and so like from from then on it was crazy. We had about five days of all of my friends that are bartenders and servers just standing outside this building waiting for some redneck to come back. Um because
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: we're gonna stop them out, we don't play. Yeah. Um And it's just it's just wild to think about because um since then downtown has almost become this like stage our venue for people acting out like uh which you know, it happens a lot anyway in any downtown but like you hear especially like a lot of it's been really chill for the last five years or something and I think all of the stress of everything um has like, you know, there's, well I heard gunshots every night no matter where I am in the city, that's
SPEAKER_L: Boy.
SPEAKER_R: fine. I get I understand that. Um But walking downtown this lada and then all of a sudden you're ducking like that's new to me, you know like
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: happened
SPEAKER_R: looked in
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: like the rough neighborhoods. Yeah. Yeah. I don't it blows my mind like I mean I get it, but at the same time like
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: man like that, it's usually in the neighborhoods like, you know like I usually hear that at three in the morning like up the street or something. Um, and I'm inside, I'm in my bed or something, but
SPEAKER_L: Over
SPEAKER_R: I don't, I don't, I didn't know where the sound was coming from the other day, you know?
SPEAKER_L: well, you know what I heard gunshots last night and I was I was in my bed and I was gaming and I'm like, oh damn because it's like you don't know if a stray bullet because I live in one of the worst neighborhoods in Cincinnati and it's a mixture. It's a culturally mixture. You know, everybody's poor here. white, black mexican, like it's a melting pot and everybody is pretty cool, you know? But the bible is just off the shame and sometimes I lay in my bed and not worry or if I'm in the living room in the front, you know, if I'm gonna be hit by a stray bullet and I hate
SPEAKER_R: Boom.
SPEAKER_L: that feeling, you know, I really do. It's scary. It's scary as hell. I'm like they need to invent something where you can maybe put up to you while I don't know, you know, because it's not gonna change, you
SPEAKER_R: Well in
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: Cincinnati's
SPEAKER_L: for a long time.
SPEAKER_R: pretty old city too, right? In Cincinnati is a pretty old city too. Right.
SPEAKER_L: It is and it's very conservative. We're all
SPEAKER_R: So we,
SPEAKER_L: right. Was super conservative.
SPEAKER_R: I guess everybody like a lot about that. There is a lot of like open land there. I've just always like either driven through or I've been to like Cincinnati or Cleveland or something like that, you know? So I've been to the cities. Um, and yeah, it does strike me out just because I always sing north, you know, and I forget that even north Carolina gets really bad, but we're also truly the south to, so I don't know, whatever. Okay. Treatment when I went to michigan to, you know, once you get past like Detroit and flint and stuff like that, it's just all rednecks. You know like why like you guys live in such a beautiful spot. Why do you want to have all this, you know? Whatever.
SPEAKER_L: the hell and that's all I can
SPEAKER_R: True
SPEAKER_L: do. I just keep
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: improving. I can't, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Well like he said,
SPEAKER_L: where
SPEAKER_R: it's about keeping it real to hell with all
SPEAKER_L: are you?
SPEAKER_R: of them,
SPEAKER_L: Damn
SPEAKER_R: You know,
SPEAKER_L: mask?
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: That's what
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: broke.
SPEAKER_L: concerned about.
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: Just put
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: the damn mask on when you come into town. You know,
SPEAKER_R: absolutely. I'm 100% with you. Um
SPEAKER_L: that's it.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: So we
SPEAKER_R: got,
SPEAKER_L: regretted this. I'm ready to go out here and live my best 50. You know, I'm 50 so
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: I'm ready
SPEAKER_R: way.
SPEAKER_L: to go out there and do it. You know what I'm saying? And this is wasting time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It really is. It's just over thrown attend potential. Yes sir. Yeah. Hey, we did it.
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: did.
SPEAKER_R: job. We
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: had.
SPEAKER_L: it was high energy. I was worried maybe because I've done too and nobody showed up. So I was hoping that somebody show up.
SPEAKER_R: I've had a couple where like people wouldn't ask any questions, keep the conversation moving at all. I was worried too because I was like, and I haven't had my coffee. I don't want to disappoint this lady.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I'm glad you do because you're extroverted and you've got great energy and I'm always there
SPEAKER_R: too?
SPEAKER_L: are musicians. I love music.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well I mean I love doing it. Um And honestly like it was really nice to be able to like kind of bounce a few ideas with this uh like helping out my community thing going on so.
SPEAKER_L: What's your stage name? If you don't mind me asking? So then I could be like, don't talk to him during this survey when you make it.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. Well I've I've got a little project. It's it's cool, it's just like what I'm playing with, it's called schedules S. I. G. I. L. S. It's on SoundCloud. Um It's cool it's just like some electronic kind of lobby stuff. Um
SPEAKER_L: It's okay.
SPEAKER_R: I'm getting better though, I've been writing music especially electronic stuff for maybe like 15 years. But this is the first time where I'm like trying to do something that's a little bit more like structured and fun like yeah that's such kind of sounds a little dub step here or something, but uh there's a lot of rappers around here that I want to work with. Uh So I'm gonna start working on working on my trap. Got my hat's going like crazy. Um But uh yeah, I mean eventually I just want to write some music that people can get down to. Um I tried I tried out to just like DJ other people's music too much or anything like that, so I am trying to write more. Um But again like I need to get some stuff together, especially if I do want to get some vocals on this thing. Um because I I don't know, like I said, I live in a place that's pretty politically and culturally charged, you know, I can get people to dance to whatever, but I want them to pay attention to his. We got a lot to say um
SPEAKER_L: That's right.
SPEAKER_R: and we got a lot to fix you know, and and music is a great way to do it.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: And so
SPEAKER_L: I'm sure I could borrow live man.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so I'm gonna be like kind of background producing a bunch of stuff for these people. Um and a lot of what I, what I want to do with my event is I don't even care if I perform, I just want to put on all these other people I'm building up um and and give them a place to do it and because I'm gonna be too busy running this event anyway, you know, I have lots of friends that can help me, but uh if I don't want anything to go wrong and I'm sitting on a stage, you know, like I want to be able to be there to contain and fix whatever is going on because I I've I have a lot of experience with the Vince been too
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: big festivals and all that stuff and I see how they organize people and how they how they make it work. Especially if we do get more than like just a couple of 1000 people out there. We're gonna need someone like me who can understand the logistics of moving everything around and fixing it. Uh And sometimes that happens a lot faster pace than you really want it to. So uh again like for me like it's killing two birds with one stone by building everybody else up. Um I build myself up. I get them more recognition. They come back to me for more clout, you know, or whatever it is. Um And that's all my favorite artists started their labels, you know, they did something for the community, they made it consistent and then once it passed the capacity of what they could do, they went international. You know and you can do that from your city. You don't have to go, you know you can skip touring the country, you know what I mean? Which you know I'm not going to I love this country, I love I love I love touring it. But you know once you get especially with social media and things like that, once you get your brand big enough to where you have a consistency in any place, all you have to do is replicate it over and over and over again and people love it. Um So
SPEAKER_L: Well, I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: wish
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: you luck in your endeavors and
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: we'll give it life and throw that out into the universe and make it make it happen,
SPEAKER_R: How about it? It was nice talking to you. Thank you so much.
SPEAKER_L: honey.
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: Here.
SPEAKER_R: have a good morning.
SPEAKER_L: I enjoyed it. Thank you.