hey,
how are you?
I'm just making up.
Addition. No,
Have you done one of these before?
Yeah, not bad money. Right.
So where
you
from
so far? Yeah. Um So where are you from?
I love Ohio, Yeah, I'm from north Carolina.
And yeah, I'm in north Carolina, so
I'm
fine.
Uh There is, oh yeah,
like I said, I just woke up, I had to run to the gas station and get coffee because I ran out.
Yeah, yeah, definitely. Um So how has things been since Covid started? Right.
Yeah, I know what you mean. This has kind of been like the only way I've been able to keep things floating while I've been like waiting for paychecks and stuff like that. Um Be able to find jobs, that something bad. It's just been uh it's just been a while trying to coordinate everything because I have a six year old, we got like this on and off school thing going on. Uh and any time he feels like a little bit weird, we kind of get freaked out and you know, we're like, okay, get him out, you know, we'll take him for a couple of days or something. So uh, I don't know. I think that I think all that stress is like finally kind of getting to us a little bit, but all right, well, goodbye. We always do. Yeah. So has it affected your family very much?
Has it affected your family a whole lot?
Yeah. Yeah. I haven't really been missing the bars, restaurants or anything like that. I can kind of go with that, that stuff, you know? Um, honestly all the people of my age around here that are in the bar scene and things like that have just been passing it around like crazy. So I don't even want to hang with those people right now. Um It's
been
All
hmm.
Well,
I definitely
spent
like, yeah, right. Yeah, we don't we don't have anything going on right now though. It's a shame since live music shutdown. I haven't been doing anything. That's been the only thing that's been getting to me. Um Is that your party anywhere? I don't need a barter
party,
you know? Um
But
yeah. At least she should still young. You know, you got plenty of time to go party with it, you know? I think that's like most parents dreams if not they're not cool parents, you know, if they they don't want to party with their kids when they get all their
last
name, you have
to be best friend, you know? But that's what I wanna do with my kid. Yeah. I wanna
be able to take
them places
and get fun.
All right. I like that.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm hoping one day I uh I can make something and piecing out of him or at least to make something out of himself and he can do it. Uh I don't know. I think that's what every other parent wants to I just want to see their kids successful. Mhm.
So what do you do for work?
Great.
That's
fantastic.
I have a friend
that works
at. I'm sorry. Mhm. I have a friend that works in a
shelter. She said it's been crazy, you know? She says
she it's been outbreak after I have really big and uh it doesn't really slow down. Um Just me and my friends are actually putting together, I don't want to call it an organization because it's a little bit less like formal than that. But it's really just a group of like us, like 20 something's going out to parks, cleaning them up, uh collecting clothes, collecting food making soup and just, you know, we have food pantries all over town, kinda like a little free library thing, but it's just like little food baskets or something. Um And so we're gonna post the flyers and all those, tell everyone where they can go a couple of days ahead of time uh and give them a free meal at least or something. Um trying to build up some traction with the city so we can show them that we're doing something positive. And so that way when our group is ready to, you know, do something a little bit more fun, we can maybe like rent out like a parking deck or something like that and uh throw down there. Yeah, so I'm trying to trying to push everything towards fun, but through this like community effort uh because everyone my age is either just totally slipping, uh making something of themselves or they're just lost and completely I'm 29 so like everyone that I know between 25 30 is like going crazy with not knowing what to do uh still trying to be safe and things like that. Um and me and a couple other friends came up with this idea to give everyone an outlet and then eventually do our best to like reward, you know, if if it's not a parking deck, it will be at least a parking lot and we can socially distance everyone. Um There's some DJs up or something like that and and kind of make something happen out of it.
Yeah, we're still
figuring everything
out.
Oh right. Yeah, totally. Um trying to jump on it as fast as possible because it's already cold here. Uh not as cold as a high, but it's still cool. Um and it's only gonna get colder for the next couple of months and I know I know a lot of these homeless people in town there, my homies, they're my friends, you know, like I see them and they know me by name and you know it it's a it's a high five, I get on the street or whatever, you know, and um I can't watch those people go call it, you know, I've never have, you know, I've been here for 12 years like and from the beginning like you know bartending and all that other stuff, like there's always a free slice of pizza for those guys or something, so I got
to try to make something happen. Uh I mean they're good, they're resourceful. There's lots of, there's lots of things going on around here. We have like an urban ministries, Salvation Army does some stuff. Um, like I said, we have a shelter in a crisis center. Um, but those are so understaffed the, the like quality of like what you have to deal with their just because I don't know, I've visited a lot. Um, like I said, I also know a lot of these people. Um, so I know their attitudes and things like that and I get why some of them don't want to go to sleep at the crisis center or go to the shelter or things like that. Um, because there is a lot of things, there's a lot of diversity and why people are out there
in the first place and you know, um, you can't blanket everyone, you know? But I, but I get why, I don't know, I've traveled a lot. I was homeless in northern California. I didn't go to the missions, I didn't go to the crisis centers because I was afraid someone's gonna steal my stuff or what I asked
for no reason, you know? Um and so it was a thing so I can't, you know? Um and I was fine like up there, everyone knows that you're just trying to go work on a farm and all this stuff. So the
communities take care of you. Um there there are lots of programs for that. Um, but also I was making pretty good money even though I was sleeping in a hammock. So you know, like I was fine. I was the most comfortable kid in the woods basically, you know? Um uh and you know, after having done that, especially like, and being basically just blessed with like cannabis and money you know like a good camping you know? It was like we were coming back you know it's like these guys don't have that you know what? We have ears tobacco you know like and no one's telling that on the street you know? Uh huh. So yeah I'm trying to actually do something uh for everyone, I don't know how exactly, but I think I think for the most part if we just like yell at him and give him a piece of paper to tell them where to go, they'll figure it out. Mhm.
What?
Yeah. I like that perspective a lot too because I don't want to just be some one time thing you know I'd like I'd love to do something like twice a month you know have all of us young people go out and like do something for our city. Um Especially because I am going to asking a lot of the city to uh to do this other thing because I'm a musician and an artist. I mean, so are most of my friends as well. Um So I want to provide a space for that, but we also have a lot of these like little bubbles of 20 something's, you know, we've got like this this hippie crowd, we've got this like metal crowd, we've got all these little bubbles and I know everyone. Um and I kind of just smash that because there's no there's no music scene here. Um
There's no reason for everyone to be so divided and split up. Um And and Greensboro being such an artistic and and cultural city. Um I think it's a shame honestly that we don't have as much support coming from such a large group of people. Um So that's another thing that I want to change is because I'm gonna be doing this stuff in everybody's backyard. You know like it's gonna be a different park every month. It's going to be a different place to feed people every month. Um And and that being said like everybody's gonna see us um And that hopefully everyone will inspire more people to come out but also will um show people that if they're not doing what we're doing, if they're not putting something out and they're asking all the fact that maybe they should re evaluate what it is that they're doing it for. You know, that's another thing that I live in Greensboro and I don't know if you know much about Greensboro but we go hard, you know like uh like we blocked off 41 beyond a talent like their dad, we we blocked off our whole highway. I'm talking just like a group of like 200 kids. You know? And that's not even all the people who were out there, like we get the police scared in the city. Uh We're on top of that. We have so much love like and that's and that's where it all comes from. You know like that we are a lot tighter than we give ourselves credit for. But we have we have like this obvious like class divide between east and west. We have like um you know because we have also got like five colleges here too. So the way we planned out to break everybody up by their class and it's a mess. Um But Greensboro also historically has used music and entertainment to unite that entire thing instead of like letting it be a divisive thing. Um And and I'd like to see that again, because those are my favorite years here was when you got to meet anybody and it wasn't the same 60 people that you see at the bars every night. Uh There were things to do. There are some music on the streets and things like that, which obviously now I get why people are more withdrawn and
I'm not trying to put anybody in a bad situation, but while it's just bad, I know that me and my friends can chip up $5 twice a month to hook up like at least like 50 60 people. Um because we definitely have that um As far as just like the population of people that we see um just wandering around a lot of times now. I I personally I know where the camps are. Um I've been doing this for a while mostly just by hooking them up with bud and like a little bit of food or something like that. Um With just me and my friends. Um But I've had them take yes, I've had people take me to all these like little spots in town where like I can find like 10 or 12 people camp together. Um And I could go and just drop like a pot of soup or something on them. But um like you said, I really want that word about thing to happen. I want them to go to the crisis center until the other 50 60 people and then go to the shelter until like those 100 people and let everyone know like there's someone out here who gives a shit. Sorry, who cares? You know?
Amen.
Amen to that. It sure
does.
Yeah. It is faster to. Yeah.
Yeah. It's
sort
of.
Yeah and and and that's the other places where I come from. Two, it's like I don't know like like I said I'm I spent time out there, I was sending packages back, I get it, that's I'm not I'm not on the streets like that, you know what I mean?
But I'm real like I've seen it, I I know what it's like to live in the woods and do whatever. Um Because I wasn't the first time I did that, you know? I've mostly like probably I'd say like maybe a third of my adult life has been traveling and yes, that was by choice, but it wasn't like I had somewhere to come back to, it wasn't like I had someone sending me money, I definitely had to figure it out on my own and make it. Um And I never sat in one place either. Um It was definitely traveling, it was easier to to be like oh I'm hungry but I have a backpack, I'm backpacking you know as opposed to um yeah I'm just gonna sit under your bridge for like too much because I don't know what to do. Um Which I met a lot of those people too and and I took it upon myself to inspire as many of those people as I could to be to be like because everyone is different and so it comes with nothing but respect for anyone that has a hard life because I know how good I have it. Um But I and I know that other people like I said just don't know or don't know how to get to a different place and I don't think that should just be cast aside and forgotten about.
I think they need to be loved. You know? I think that I think they need some help and I think that it's our job as people who have a comfortable place to do something. I'm not saying we got to bring him inside and take them to your house, you know, trust them or anything like that. But you it doesn't take that too show compassion and and I care about another life and give it value.
I'm about
to pay
my
groceries with the conversation, you know? So
I get it.
yeah, I had a friend who was like uh you know if trump wins and we like because God Greensboro is not a trump city, I don't like trump to go. Um But you know there there were talks about whether or not some groups would would flip out, you know that they were right. Um And he was like man if we riot brian you're coming with me, we're gonna go. So we just to keep it real. I was just like I was like dude you're right, I broke, I will take advantage of that opportunity you know? Um I throw a bottle out of building or something. But I don't know I like I like a lot of our buildings, a lot of our buildings have history and stuff like that. No, I'm not saying the courthouse needs to be protected but like like the last time things went down here like we're not talking about blocking out 40. Uh You know we had we had a big standoff downtown um with the police and everything and some guys started like smashing the cultural rights building.
So a group of my friends went over there and just start protecting all the windows. and it was crazy like where did these dudes even come from? Like why are they here? They're not on our side obviously. Um And just like why would you go and attack like one of the only things downtown that was built to push against this, you know? And that money didn't just come from whatever esteemed mayors or something like that, you know that that was a community effort to build that that will work, you know? You know? But yeah. Uh Yeah and so like from from then on it was crazy. We had about five days of all of my friends that are bartenders and servers just standing outside this building waiting for some redneck to come back. Um because
we're gonna stop them out, we don't play. Yeah. Um And it's just it's just wild to think about because um since then downtown has almost become this like stage our venue for people acting out like uh which you know, it happens a lot anyway in any downtown but like you hear especially like a lot of it's been really chill for the last five years or something and I think all of the stress of everything um has like, you know, there's, well I heard gunshots every night no matter where I am in the city, that's
fine. I get I understand that. Um But walking downtown this lada and then all of a sudden you're ducking like that's new to me, you know like
I
looked in
like the rough neighborhoods. Yeah. Yeah. I don't it blows my mind like I mean I get it, but at the same time like
man like that, it's usually in the neighborhoods like, you know like I usually hear that at three in the morning like up the street or something. Um, and I'm inside, I'm in my bed or something, but
I don't, I don't, I didn't know where the sound was coming from the other day, you know?
Boom.
Well in
Cincinnati's
pretty old city too, right? In Cincinnati is a pretty old city too. Right.
So we,
I guess everybody like a lot about that. There is a lot of like open land there. I've just always like either driven through or I've been to like Cincinnati or Cleveland or something like that, you know? So I've been to the cities. Um, and yeah, it does strike me out just because I always sing north, you know, and I forget that even north Carolina gets really bad, but we're also truly the south to, so I don't know, whatever. Okay. Treatment when I went to michigan to, you know, once you get past like Detroit and flint and stuff like that, it's just all rednecks. You know like why like you guys live in such a beautiful spot. Why do you want to have all this, you know? Whatever.
True
that.
Well like he said,
it's about keeping it real to hell with all
of them,
You know,
we're
all
broke.
Thank
you.
absolutely. I'm 100% with you. Um
I
got,
No
way.
Yeah. It really is. It's just over thrown attend potential. Yes sir. Yeah. Hey, we did it.
Good
job. We
had.
I've had a couple where like people wouldn't ask any questions, keep the conversation moving at all. I was worried too because I was like, and I haven't had my coffee. I don't want to disappoint this lady.
too?
Yeah. Well I mean I love doing it. Um And honestly like it was really nice to be able to like kind of bounce a few ideas with this uh like helping out my community thing going on so.
Oh yeah. Well I've I've got a little project. It's it's cool, it's just like what I'm playing with, it's called schedules S. I. G. I. L. S. It's on SoundCloud. Um It's cool it's just like some electronic kind of lobby stuff. Um
I'm getting better though, I've been writing music especially electronic stuff for maybe like 15 years. But this is the first time where I'm like trying to do something that's a little bit more like structured and fun like yeah that's such kind of sounds a little dub step here or something, but uh there's a lot of rappers around here that I want to work with. Uh So I'm gonna start working on working on my trap. Got my hat's going like crazy. Um But uh yeah, I mean eventually I just want to write some music that people can get down to. Um I tried I tried out to just like DJ other people's music too much or anything like that, so I am trying to write more. Um But again like I need to get some stuff together, especially if I do want to get some vocals on this thing. Um because I I don't know, like I said, I live in a place that's pretty politically and culturally charged, you know, I can get people to dance to whatever, but I want them to pay attention to his. We got a lot to say um
and we got a lot to fix you know, and and music is a great way to do it.
And so
yeah, so I'm gonna be like kind of background producing a bunch of stuff for these people. Um and a lot of what I, what I want to do with my event is I don't even care if I perform, I just want to put on all these other people I'm building up um and and give them a place to do it and because I'm gonna be too busy running this event anyway, you know, I have lots of friends that can help me, but uh if I don't want anything to go wrong and I'm sitting on a stage, you know, like I want to be able to be there to contain and fix whatever is going on because I I've I have a lot of experience with the Vince been too
big festivals and all that stuff and I see how they organize people and how they how they make it work. Especially if we do get more than like just a couple of 1000 people out there. We're gonna need someone like me who can understand the logistics of moving everything around and fixing it. Uh And sometimes that happens a lot faster pace than you really want it to. So uh again like for me like it's killing two birds with one stone by building everybody else up. Um I build myself up. I get them more recognition. They come back to me for more clout, you know, or whatever it is. Um And that's all my favorite artists started their labels, you know, they did something for the community, they made it consistent and then once it passed the capacity of what they could do, they went international. You know and you can do that from your city. You don't have to go, you know you can skip touring the country, you know what I mean? Which you know I'm not going to I love this country, I love I love I love touring it. But you know once you get especially with social media and things like that, once you get your brand big enough to where you have a consistency in any place, all you have to do is replicate it over and over and over again and people love it. Um So
I
don't know.
Thank you.
How about it? It was nice talking to you. Thank you so much.
You
have a good morning.