that. Er That's better. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I'm sorry jesus. Yeah. All right. Yeah mm. That's fucked up. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Small. Yeah. Uh Yes. Mhm. I don't think nobody is coming again options. Hi that's
it.
I'm doing great thanks. How are you?
It's nothing else to do.
All
Yeah I've got a couple so far
not bad. Get to talk
to
good
people.
Um I'm in Cincinnati. Ohio
You Ohio when you? That's all right.
you're in north
Carolina.
Okay I'm sorry I misunderstood. You
get
gotta have that
like a like a bad twilight zone.
Yeah. What was that?
Yeah. Uh Well we were kind of already kind of eccentric and introverted but you like lose the choice of doing what you want to do and then when you do go out it's crappy it's like you know but pretty much yeah like going to the gym or you know doing frivolous stuff I guess. Yeah.
but I
bet it's rough. I mean because I have a 23 year old so you know, no kids in college imagine that. I like, I don't see how she's, I go crazy. I
was partying in my twenties. Okay.
Partying
good with
no
bumper.
Well,
you know,
I thought about that
too because I was able to start experiencing hanging out with my kids, going to rap concerts and you know, really enjoying it, you know, and that we had all these plans for the summer. No.
I don't
mind
it,
do
with
it,
do it and let them pay like the payoff is great thinking pampers and stuff as an investment.
Yeah. Getting people buying you lunch. I remember, you know, sacrificing my lunch for them, but now there we don't sell them sometimes. It's pretty cool.
Okay.
Uh I usually like work with working social services and mental health and just work
with christ victims of homeless stuff like that.
And
so now makes a little sketchy because I can't really be out there. How just hands on, you know, grassroots hands on with the people. So that makes it a little difficult. You know? Everything
being
restricted.
it's
Hm.
That sounds great. That does, yeah.
Every
little
bit yellows.
And
robert.
You know.
And.
Okay. Well, I mean, you know what I've experienced like what you're saying in my person, in my personal life, you know, giving a hand up like you get a dollar store, you know, can I get a couple of cigarettes, Yeah, you know, I don't care, you know? But professionally things like that, they bring that back and they say we went to this uh so and so and these guys put this thing together and you know I mean somebody else you were there right, you know, it was amazing and so you know they'll talk about it for days and never forget it. You know a lot of the people that I've dealt with it because they like a lot of here they have to be up in the morning and out the door,
you know, and then it's like what do you do, you know, what do you do? How do you spend your data, you can come back that last meal and go to bed and they come across different things that other organizations and people are doing in the community and it gives them something you know to feel you know just human and just be able to even talk about if several of them attended the gathering. So all of that sounds great you know?
And
But
Word travels on the street you know that you know
we
got
our own CNN you know
and it's real er it's hispanic
you
know
it's no bullshit.
Well
No.
Yeah that's true. So true. I mean you could have a shit half shelter and still live a struggle. Life been there done it you know, struggle, a struggle. And at
the end
of
the day,
I'm
I'm before the pandemic. It was a question on the survey. Like are you worried about the economy? Hell no, I mean because I'm gonna be poor, no matter who's the president, he is, no matter, you know, it's right out. It's hard out here for a pit.
Why?
And
Boy.
that
happened
here.
No.
Over
well, you know what I heard gunshots last night and I was I was in my bed and I was gaming and I'm like, oh damn because it's like you don't know if a stray bullet because I live in one of the worst neighborhoods in Cincinnati and it's a mixture. It's a culturally mixture. You know, everybody's poor here. white, black mexican, like it's a melting pot and everybody is pretty cool, you know? But the bible is just off the shame and sometimes I lay in my bed and not worry or if I'm in the living room in the front, you know, if I'm gonna be hit by a stray bullet and I hate
that feeling, you know, I really do. It's scary. It's scary as hell. I'm like they need to invent something where you can maybe put up to you while I don't know, you know, because it's not gonna change, you
know,
for a long time.
It is and it's very conservative. We're all
right. Was super conservative.
the hell and that's all I can
do. I just keep
improving. I can't, you know,
where
are you?
Damn
mask?
That's what
I'm
concerned about.
Just put
the damn mask on when you come into town. You know,
that's it.
So we
regretted this. I'm ready to go out here and live my best 50. You know, I'm 50 so
I'm ready
to go out there and do it. You know what I'm saying? And this is wasting time.
we
did.
And
it was high energy. I was worried maybe because I've done too and nobody showed up. So I was hoping that somebody show up.
Well, I'm glad you do because you're extroverted and you've got great energy and I'm always there
are musicians. I love music.
What's your stage name? If you don't mind me asking? So then I could be like, don't talk to him during this survey when you make it.
It's okay.
That's right.
that's
I'm sure I could borrow live man.
All
Well, I
wish
you luck in your endeavors and
we'll give it life and throw that out into the universe and make it make it happen,
honey.
Here.
I enjoyed it. Thank you.