SPEAKER_L: Yes. Okay. Okay. Thank you. What do you think? Yeah that's true. We must live with you. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Nothing. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello. How's it going?
SPEAKER_L: All right so I'm richard
SPEAKER_R: I'm tired. Good
SPEAKER_L: hey,
SPEAKER_R: to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: so where are you located?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in northern Virginia outside D. C. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: I am Orlando florida outside of Disney world, yep.
SPEAKER_R: How's the diamond for you right now? The news seems to
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: be uh making it out pretty bad.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah no it's great. It's like 100° outside, The pool is like 90° normal. Um Son every day. Uh Socially things are open malls are open, movies are opening, beaches are open parks are opening so we're slowly getting back to a normal life. Um How about up there since you're outside of D. C.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So today we went to Phase three so I think we're up to 75% of the restaurants now. Everybody everybody here is pretty shocked by that. Uh I think most people think that we should be more closed down than we are. Uh Yeah so at least in theory we just opened even more today. D. C. Is not following along on that though. D. C. Is still staying at the previous stage. So northern Virginia is kind of like worried about it because it's like ok is everybody from D. C. Going to flood into northern Virginia?
SPEAKER_L: We are to still which have 50 but I guess we have more things of entertainment where we're at okay.
SPEAKER_R: so what do you normally do for work? Okay what do you teach?
SPEAKER_L: Um Normally it's social studies histories and things but last year I changed over to a social skills skills class to teach the next generation of manners they see have anymore.
SPEAKER_R: I see.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So how to hold a conversation, how to interact with each other, not beyond their phones all the time, compassion. Things like that. Job skills.
SPEAKER_R: Gosh my mom is a teacher teaches math and then uh I'm not a T shirt but I do
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: have a lot of online tutoring, so.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, cool. So with your mom being a teacher, was that rough as a kid? Because you're always expected to have higher standards than I guess a regular kid.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I've got I've got quite a few stories on that one. Uh So I had her in class in seventh grade and
SPEAKER_L: Your mom
SPEAKER_R: most
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: unique.
SPEAKER_L: speaker. Oh, that sucked.
SPEAKER_R: so she was the only geometry teacher at my school, so like I had to have her in class, there was no other way. And then uh all of my friends had her the next year, pretty much that was much worse I think because I was like why do we have so much american? I'm like well she gives me more than she gives you so you know deal with it. But the worst thing like with her being you know a teacher there, like all the other teachers when they normally wouldn't contact a parent for something what just immediately contacted and like this is ridiculous. Like you would not have contacted anybody else's parents, but because she's four doors down the hall, you're like telling all this stuff
SPEAKER_L: And she would like probably know everything about you as much as she could. That
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: that that
SPEAKER_R: there?
SPEAKER_L: fear Oh no, mom is going to find out because of what I'm doing in this other class, so I can't do anything in my class.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean most of the things that I got told on for by the teachers I thought were kind of ridiculous, like the band teacher accused me of reading a revolt of the trombone section, which
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: how we're
SPEAKER_R: true. Yeah, she like contact with my mom and I cried about it and I was like, this is absolutely ridiculous. My mom believed her first and I was like, mom, you know, I have a soccer tournament that weekend and that's why I'm not going clearly, I didn't read some revolts of the trombone section, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's like I didn't kill anyone.
SPEAKER_R: right. Yeah, I did nothing actually in that case, there were a couple other times where I did do something, it just wouldn't have merited a phone call home.
SPEAKER_L: All right. I mean, for a lot of kids, it's the basic okay, talking a class or falling asleep in class or getting distracted, like you said most times, not going to say something, but when it's the colleague teacher, you're like, maybe I should say something or not, it's almost like you're the sacrifice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was very annoying. But then uh obviously I went to high school so I wasn't at the same school, but then for my senior year of high school, my mom switched over to that school. So she was in the same school again. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: And one of those like, was she thank you. Did you try avoiding her at work at school? Because I see a lot of my colleagues that the kids, they will show up together and then they'll never see each other the rest of the day until the end of the day,
SPEAKER_R: Uh So we wouldn't even show up together for high school. I had to come, I had to come an hour early and so she she wouldn't be there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Now, and she ever tried doing, like, complaints to people to you about some friends of yours or you know, your friend. So And so she
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: was able to keep
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: the party.
SPEAKER_R: we're like complaints. She would tell me stories, but not like not like compliance per se.
SPEAKER_L: Well, we should respect you in that aspect. You want her sounding board okay. For
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: most
SPEAKER_R: not particularly to my friends.
SPEAKER_L: got it. So socially, like, what's going on right now, you said that you're not going to 75, are you excited for the increase in changing your world or are you you know, I'm still gonna like keep to myself?
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Mhm. I am kind of neither. I kind of wished that, you know, we had like a one month period that people in the whole country just like started seriously all at once and then we could probably be past it. I grew up as, but we haven't done that and it's pretty
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: clear we're not gonna do that. So I'm just kind of like, okay, like the added openness is just gonna, it's just gonna be worse. We're gonna be here longer and these like weird half lockdowns. I'd rather just be completely walk down for a month and then be back to normal than have this weird situation we're in now for who knows how long.
SPEAKER_L: Now were you when the lockdown first happened where you are those? Yes, It's this is my world. I'm happy to stay indoors all day. Or were you like, no,
SPEAKER_R: No, no, no,
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: want to
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: the outside world?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was I was one of the people that was like the weekend that it closed. I was out every single day of that week because I was like, oh, it's about to close probably for a long time. I'm going to be out here as much as possible.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. And then once you got inside, first thing sleep all day, like tons of sleeping, got up and then eventually tons of shows not watched and now I'm rather stuff to do.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm definitely ready for it to be over. I just, I just don't think it is over and I think we're opening quickly so I think we're gonna go right back in distributing worse.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I know, I don't know if you see the florida stories, but we went from just a few 100 cases every day, so now we're almost at 89 10,000 day in just a few days, and yet we're still going
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I have seen that. I mean I guess the other the other side of the coin is if we see a whole bunch of cases then you know maybe everybody gets it and we get immunity and we're done quicker that way. Who knows?
SPEAKER_L: true. Mhm. Now,
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: with,
SPEAKER_R: the feet.
SPEAKER_L: With the stuff that's happening down here, the new blame is the 20 and 30 year olds who are out there partying and enjoying life with no regard to social distancing, to masks, to hygiene or anything like that. They're just out there to party and have fun. So now they're getting blamed for all this in one aspect, I kind of see that because people are posting online, that's the invincible age when you're in your twenties and thirties, you're invincible, nothing will ever happen to you um because the bars have closed down again, so we lost our bars, um the beaches are starting to shut down again. Um Those are the places where 2030 year olds tend to go, the theme parks more for the families, less people Compared to beaches or the house parties, like our house parties or gatherings of up to 50 people. You know what your world is?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah ours is well it was 50 I think it might be 250 now as of today but It was 53 d. space which is pretty high. I mean I think like my view on it is if it's outside, especially if people have on masks, I don't think it's a problem. it's the inside part that I think it's probably gonna be not good, so like the bar is being open to me is shocking because like I feel like a bar is a perfect environment to spread it across the entire community pretty quickly. Like the beach, I don't really see how you get it from somebody at the beach
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: to be Arnold. No.
SPEAKER_L: Now have you, are you a mask person or no mask when you go out? What's your world like?
SPEAKER_R: If it's like around other people I'll have on a mask, it's like outside outside or inside, especially inside like the grocery store, obviously a mask we're
SPEAKER_L: Are you
SPEAKER_R: going to you,
SPEAKER_L: here are not mandated where you're at?
SPEAKER_R: we were mandated in Virginia
SPEAKER_L: We are not.
SPEAKER_R: for inside
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: we have, I'm like on the an area called four corners, so there's four different counties right there and one county it's yes, you must wear a mask going inside. So I've actually gone out of my way to go to other places that don't require masks. Jack.
SPEAKER_R: cigarettes, the masks,
SPEAKER_L: I am against the enforcement of masks where I will wear one going into the grocery store, that's not the issue. But to walk in the front door of the restaurant and then get seated now I can take my mask off. That part is if he for me because I'm walking in just to immediately get set so I get out of the car, throw the mask on, walk in the front door two seconds later mask is off so
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: if it was a waiting area, I would see like I've had times where I've waited in the lobby. But me personally like if I see that there's a wait to get into the restaurant, I'm not going to go to that restaurant.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that doesn't make a lot of sense currently or wait in line for a restaurant, I wouldn't do that either,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, almost all of our restaurants are open now we've lost a lot of restaurants because we're in the tourist area, buffets are gone, some buffet is closed forever. Um Some escape room places have closed down because they couldn't survive. A few
SPEAKER_R: mhm.
SPEAKER_L: movie theaters are not coming back, I guess they were barely making it. Have you seen any losses in your world or?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we uh we lost the largest hotel in Virginia that closed permanently. Um A lot of the restaurants in D. C. Have been closing because like the rent in D. C. Is enormous. So like if you are bringing in customers then you're not surviving. Uh A lot of bars have been closing. A lot of the bar is actually surprisingly have been doing like a lot of renovations. So I think a lot of them are planning on surviving. I don't know that to me it doesn't seem that surefire that they're even gonna be back next year. So it might be a bad investment. But at least a lot of the owners of the bars seem to be investing a lot of them have been putting in uh more rooftop seating so that it does seem smart because that's outdoors fish. But yeah we've seen several bars like investing millions of dollars and upgrades during the during the lockdown. And then I mean the other thing that's been a big impact for D. C. Is all the protests. So like a lot of the businesses especially down by the national mall have been boarded up for weeks and having been opening even if they are allowed to open because of the protests like they're completely boarded. Uh So it's interesting to see you know like kind of a double threat with like the protests and and the virus and everything, how much how many of the businesses are really going to survive
SPEAKER_L: Now
SPEAKER_R: once everything opens?
SPEAKER_L: your world up there is your news, your more protests or more virus down here. It's more virus and jobs that we're hearing, we really don't hear much protest of you're being a, I would say you hear a lot more protest stuff.
SPEAKER_R: yeah I mean I would start here more protest stuff from like friends and word of mouth when I do from the news in particular. Uh but like social media is covered in protest stuff just because you have a lot of people like going there and stuff. Uh Yeah so so out on the virus and yeah just generally I would say more virus can protest especially now when the when the protests first started like erupting for a week of wall to wall protest coverage.
SPEAKER_L: I'm wondering how much of the protest was spurred by cabin fever because you know, as soon as the up the lockdowns finished also now everywhere there's a protest and now, like you said, it's been almost a month. There's not as many if any in a lot of places.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I think uh I think that may have upped the number of people going because like I had never been to one before but then like at all these friends are like oh you gotta come to the protests. I was like whoa I do want to see my friends so I guess I'll go and I mean there were there were a ton of people there but everybody had on a mask and honestly like I would say it was in the hundreds of thousands of people the day that I went there were out there protesting and it was all I mean you were right next to people like there was no social distancing. Uh but everybody had a mask, you see hasn't seen any increase. So that's that's part of why I think that if you're outside, especially with the mask on that, you're not gonna be able to spread it. So like that's why I feel more comfortable with the beaches. But then you look at like in michigan, there was that one bar by michigan state that they've traced over 100 cases just to that single bar and the bar was only open for like a week.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, with us, we had a big influx um similar by the college campus, so we have a major college campus here. University of central florida and boom. And like you said, one weekend, almost 1000 cases popped up right there. And like you said, how many people were going to now see their friends that they haven't seen in a month And that caused it, like I'm invited to a 4th of July Party this week and I'm Iffy going over to their house. Um just
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: because it comes with a whole bunch of new people who, I don't know what their lifestyle was like during all this time. And do I want a chance just to see them for the weekend? So
SPEAKER_R: think we're
SPEAKER_L: there's gonna be a spike again this weekend.
SPEAKER_R: I think we're having one, so but my my view on it kind of at this point is like especially if it's a private gathering that if you want to go, you can go, you just need to stay away from anybody that would be like more vulnerable to it. Like Right now, like the only people I see are under the age of 30, like I don't
SPEAKER_L: I mean.
SPEAKER_R: interact anybody over the age of 30 except in like a grocery store where we're all wearing masks. And so I don't really view it as like A big risk to society if there's like a party of people under 30. The problem is that those people then go and visit their family members that are over that age and then give it to them. Like I went and saw my parents a couple of weeks ago. Uh actually we can have a go. And a week before that is when I went to the protest and my parents hadn't asked me to come until after already went. I was like, well I can't really come because I just went to this and like the whole ideology here was, I'm not going to go unless I know that I don't see anybody. It's older until after 20 weeks. And so they were like, well, you know, do you have any symptoms? I was like, okay. Like we're not playing this game. I'm going to
SPEAKER_L: Perhaps.
SPEAKER_R: go get tested for it. So I got tested for it. And then when I was like, okay, good to go. But I think the problem is like if people aren't being careful like that and they like just if they mixed the groups, that, that's really what I think we need to focus on, like keep the people that would actually die from this, safe from it. Everybody else do what you may. That's what I think we need to do.
SPEAKER_L: Um Like I got a friend of mine who is super like lockdown paranoid, I mean, he won't go to the grocery store, he'll have it delivered, leave it on the doorstep. Um
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: Nothing I mean he he will not leave his house at all and then
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: with me he's like I'm living vicariously through you. All right, so I've gone to the movie theater now, granted I go to the movies and you know we have our own row um go to the restaurants uh
SPEAKER_R: hmm,
SPEAKER_L: you know things like that and he's like I'm living vicariously through you, but how dare you go out? So it's like well what do you want? Do you want to stay in lockdown for you know the rest of your life or do you want to like you said be conscientious of like what you're doing out there, who you're interacting with and how you're interacting with people? Do you have people in your world your circle that is extremes against what your lifestyle is or you know, you're pretty much all the same.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I have, I have two friends that are like one is uh in med school and uh I went out with them in March like mid March, it was a friday, the friday before we locked down and I was out with both of them that friday night and then by that sunday I was going to brunch and they both were like hardcore judging me for going out and doing things. I was like two days ago, we were all out together and now we're already to the hardcore judgment and so they say pretty firm on the complete social distancing and isolation. And so I kind of was like, all right, I'm just gonna wait for them to get over this, I'm not going to contact them until they contact me. But this past weekend, they both uh they were like let's hang out. And so we all like hung out in person without masks without distancing. And I was like, oh my gosh, I'm shocked.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We like are you sure? Did you question them when they said let's go hang out?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was shocked. I was very, I was very I was not anticipating them saying that, especially because it's starting to pick back up now, but I think what did it for them was the protest. They both wanted to go to the protests. And so then after that, I think it kind of like broke there, you know, they're complete isolation. So they were just like, well, you know, it's just two people justification at all.
SPEAKER_L: Have you seen people in, what's the temperature like where you're at? Like I'm in the 90s.
SPEAKER_R: We're in the low 90s right now.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So I have seen by themselves walking along the street, the sidewalks never wearing a mask. There is no one else around them. Why are you wearing your mask in the middle of nowhere with no one around you? Have you seen that? Just four people are crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And I mean, people do that everywhere, but then there's the people that like wear the mask while they're in their car by themselves.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Our ones and I look over and like I have no mascot. I'm looking over at them with a mask. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't get that. I mean, if you're like walking through like town or something, I don't know how urban the area you're in is, but like, I mean like I can walk to a ton of restaurants and shops and stuff and it's all right by me. If I'm walking to one of those, like I'll bring a mask because I need one when I go in and I'm like passing a significant number of people.
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: I'll either put it on really quick or all like sidestep to get further away.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've got a lot of the walk, you know, walking the street like, okay, well there's a group coming, I'll go across the street or
SPEAKER_R: Or like
SPEAKER_L: let
SPEAKER_R: out into the turn line or something.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. I'll go somewhere else. Step away a little bit or look, you're approaching an intersection, like walking out of the corner, you see somebody coming All right, well, we both meet at the corn at the same time. I'll let them get there first and then I'll go to the corner um to at the in the grocery store. I'll sit at the edge or the start of the I'll and I'll wait for the aisle to clear before I walk in. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I'm not very careful about the grocery store. I just go wherever I'm like, well we have a mask, let's just do this.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Remember down here, it's both you can do either or mask or no masks down here, so um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I would not, I would not enjoy that in the grocery store. I want everybody to have on a mask in the grocery store.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, walmart's ugly. Like the Walmarts down here, like the people are just you see everything coming tourist area, so you have masked no mass all squished into the tiny little ill. And so like I look on the isle. Too many people, I'll go to a different island. Wait well,
SPEAKER_R: I was shocked when I drove back to like to visit, my parents, threw it in Kentucky, but I was losing their lake house that's in like kind of a rural part of Kentucky and I had to drive through like southern Virginia through part of Tennessee and then obviously part of Kentucky and In
SPEAKER_L: up.
SPEAKER_R: Tennessee, especially in Eastern Tennessee, like I stopped at a gas station. They're probably like 35 people in the gas station and I was the only one that had on a mask in the whole gas station. I'm like, wow. Like this is shocking to me. See this many people all in the same area, nobody has on a mask there inside. It's a gas station, it's not that big, so people aren't that far apart, but they didn't really, I guess they just didn't really care or they haven't seen enough cases there yet or I don't know
SPEAKER_L: now since you're a mask person um does it tell you when you have the no no's coverage anyone?
SPEAKER_R: the people that wear it on their chin is so
SPEAKER_L: And you just look at them and you do you want to say something or you just shake your head?
SPEAKER_R: I just moved further away and continue on.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Because I've gone to walmart and I'll see the workers and their master all under their nose, like defeating your purpose. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, not good. I don't think it doesn't really help that trump doesn't wear a mask because everybody is like, you know, it's almost become a political issue. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Um So I was watching a work meeting last night, the school board posted a meet at their meeting and it was on zoom. All sport members were from their own homes, they're all wearing masks during the meeting from their house. Exactly. Were like watching them like you're at home, why are you wearing a mask at home? So I mean like
SPEAKER_R: you're on
SPEAKER_L: it's ridiculous that you see now
SPEAKER_R: a little bit odd.
SPEAKER_L: with, okay, so you have masks, are you with everything is happening? Are you planning
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: on just using whatever you have right now or now? You're like let's go fashion or style or cute or you know, or you just face
SPEAKER_R: I got
SPEAKER_L: it,
SPEAKER_R: I got what I got.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. It's like I'm tempted to what one? I got something that's comfortable for me. It's more about comfort than look. But I've seen some online like, Wow, that's cute. That's $15. No, I'm not gonna spend $15 on this thing just like because it's got a face on it or you know, a funky saying or something. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I probably should get another one because one of the ones I have is
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: like comfortable, but it's kinda hard to put on and then The other ones that I have there, I've won in 95 that's like really
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: uncomfortable. I don't, I don't really think there's a reason I wear that to be honest. My mom get, she's like, you need to wear for this. I was like, uh, no, probably not. Uh and then like
SPEAKER_L: I just
SPEAKER_R: initially
SPEAKER_L: wanted,
SPEAKER_R: when I first started I was just using cut up t shirts, which we're fine. So I got plenty of those. Yeah. I don't have any plans on buying another one.
SPEAKER_L: And so your cook with us, like we've had um and we actually went maybe a half hour outdoors to the heat and just got so wet with sweat. It was just so hot out there. And I'm just imagining all the parks and outdoor life and stuff and we're gonna need multiple versions. So it's like do you get a whole bunch? You just keep reusing the same water washing the same one? Oh now are you doing the just the regular master, the pull up covers that? Have you seen those the ones that like
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: it was like a turtle cover your face?
SPEAKER_R: Pick a scarf almost. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: I've seen those. I I just have a regular one. I don't have one of those. Those are caught.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I agree. I think you're holding next covered. Um And I've seen some people which I think they're going to rob a bank, the mask, the sunglasses and a hat. I'm like all right, great. This is a new driver's license, pictures,
SPEAKER_R: That's what I ordered the protests. The mask. The sacrifices
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: in the hat was like, I'm
SPEAKER_L: know we were
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: talking
SPEAKER_R: gonna be identified.
SPEAKER_L: about it. This is where you put your little name tag across your face. Mhm. No
SPEAKER_R: I was like, I'll be here to support, but I will not be here
SPEAKER_L: identified.
SPEAKER_R: for any juice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. There we go. All right. So you think we're good on side?
SPEAKER_R: I think we are. Yeah. We started like a minute or two after two. So we should be at least 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mike Timer says 31 so yeah, we're good. Well, it was a pleasure, have a good time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Good morning. Yeah.