Hello. How's it going?
I'm tired. Good
to meet you.
I'm in northern Virginia outside D. C. What about you?
How's the diamond for you right now? The news seems to
be uh making it out pretty bad.
Mhm. So today we went to Phase three so I think we're up to 75% of the restaurants now. Everybody everybody here is pretty shocked by that. Uh I think most people think that we should be more closed down than we are. Uh Yeah so at least in theory we just opened even more today. D. C. Is not following along on that though. D. C. Is still staying at the previous stage. So northern Virginia is kind of like worried about it because it's like ok is everybody from D. C. Going to flood into northern Virginia?
so what do you normally do for work? Okay what do you teach?
I see.
Gosh my mom is a teacher teaches math and then uh I'm not a T shirt but I do
have a lot of online tutoring, so.
Yeah I've got I've got quite a few stories on that one. Uh So I had her in class in seventh grade and
most
unique.
so she was the only geometry teacher at my school, so like I had to have her in class, there was no other way. And then uh all of my friends had her the next year, pretty much that was much worse I think because I was like why do we have so much american? I'm like well she gives me more than she gives you so you know deal with it. But the worst thing like with her being you know a teacher there, like all the other teachers when they normally wouldn't contact a parent for something what just immediately contacted and like this is ridiculous. Like you would not have contacted anybody else's parents, but because she's four doors down the hall, you're like telling all this stuff
is
there?
Yeah, I mean most of the things that I got told on for by the teachers I thought were kind of ridiculous, like the band teacher accused me of reading a revolt of the trombone section, which
not
true. Yeah, she like contact with my mom and I cried about it and I was like, this is absolutely ridiculous. My mom believed her first and I was like, mom, you know, I have a soccer tournament that weekend and that's why I'm not going clearly, I didn't read some revolts of the trombone section, but
right. Yeah, I did nothing actually in that case, there were a couple other times where I did do something, it just wouldn't have merited a phone call home.
Yeah, it was very annoying. But then uh obviously I went to high school so I wasn't at the same school, but then for my senior year of high school, my mom switched over to that school. So she was in the same school again. Yeah.
Uh So we wouldn't even show up together for high school. I had to come, I had to come an hour early and so she she wouldn't be there.
Not
like
we're like complaints. She would tell me stories, but not like not like compliance per se.
no,
not particularly to my friends.
Mm. Mhm. I am kind of neither. I kind of wished that, you know, we had like a one month period that people in the whole country just like started seriously all at once and then we could probably be past it. I grew up as, but we haven't done that and it's pretty
clear we're not gonna do that. So I'm just kind of like, okay, like the added openness is just gonna, it's just gonna be worse. We're gonna be here longer and these like weird half lockdowns. I'd rather just be completely walk down for a month and then be back to normal than have this weird situation we're in now for who knows how long.
No, no, no,
no,
no.
Yeah, I was I was one of the people that was like the weekend that it closed. I was out every single day of that week because I was like, oh, it's about to close probably for a long time. I'm going to be out here as much as possible.
yeah, I'm definitely ready for it to be over. I just, I just don't think it is over and I think we're opening quickly so I think we're gonna go right back in distributing worse.
Yeah I have seen that. I mean I guess the other the other side of the coin is if we see a whole bunch of cases then you know maybe everybody gets it and we get immunity and we're done quicker that way. Who knows?
Just
the feet.
Yeah ours is well it was 50 I think it might be 250 now as of today but It was 53 d. space which is pretty high. I mean I think like my view on it is if it's outside, especially if people have on masks, I don't think it's a problem. it's the inside part that I think it's probably gonna be not good, so like the bar is being open to me is shocking because like I feel like a bar is a perfect environment to spread it across the entire community pretty quickly. Like the beach, I don't really see how you get it from somebody at the beach
to be Arnold. No.
If it's like around other people I'll have on a mask, it's like outside outside or inside, especially inside like the grocery store, obviously a mask we're
going to you,
we were mandated in Virginia
for inside
go
cigarettes, the masks,
I
don't know.
Yeah, that doesn't make a lot of sense currently or wait in line for a restaurant, I wouldn't do that either,
mhm.
Yeah we uh we lost the largest hotel in Virginia that closed permanently. Um A lot of the restaurants in D. C. Have been closing because like the rent in D. C. Is enormous. So like if you are bringing in customers then you're not surviving. Uh A lot of bars have been closing. A lot of the bar is actually surprisingly have been doing like a lot of renovations. So I think a lot of them are planning on surviving. I don't know that to me it doesn't seem that surefire that they're even gonna be back next year. So it might be a bad investment. But at least a lot of the owners of the bars seem to be investing a lot of them have been putting in uh more rooftop seating so that it does seem smart because that's outdoors fish. But yeah we've seen several bars like investing millions of dollars and upgrades during the during the lockdown. And then I mean the other thing that's been a big impact for D. C. Is all the protests. So like a lot of the businesses especially down by the national mall have been boarded up for weeks and having been opening even if they are allowed to open because of the protests like they're completely boarded. Uh So it's interesting to see you know like kind of a double threat with like the protests and and the virus and everything, how much how many of the businesses are really going to survive
once everything opens?
yeah I mean I would start here more protest stuff from like friends and word of mouth when I do from the news in particular. Uh but like social media is covered in protest stuff just because you have a lot of people like going there and stuff. Uh Yeah so so out on the virus and yeah just generally I would say more virus can protest especially now when the when the protests first started like erupting for a week of wall to wall protest coverage.
Yeah. Yeah. I think uh I think that may have upped the number of people going because like I had never been to one before but then like at all these friends are like oh you gotta come to the protests. I was like whoa I do want to see my friends so I guess I'll go and I mean there were there were a ton of people there but everybody had on a mask and honestly like I would say it was in the hundreds of thousands of people the day that I went there were out there protesting and it was all I mean you were right next to people like there was no social distancing. Uh but everybody had a mask, you see hasn't seen any increase. So that's that's part of why I think that if you're outside, especially with the mask on that, you're not gonna be able to spread it. So like that's why I feel more comfortable with the beaches. But then you look at like in michigan, there was that one bar by michigan state that they've traced over 100 cases just to that single bar and the bar was only open for like a week.
Yeah.
think we're
I think we're having one, so but my my view on it kind of at this point is like especially if it's a private gathering that if you want to go, you can go, you just need to stay away from anybody that would be like more vulnerable to it. Like Right now, like the only people I see are under the age of 30, like I don't
interact anybody over the age of 30 except in like a grocery store where we're all wearing masks. And so I don't really view it as like A big risk to society if there's like a party of people under 30. The problem is that those people then go and visit their family members that are over that age and then give it to them. Like I went and saw my parents a couple of weeks ago. Uh actually we can have a go. And a week before that is when I went to the protest and my parents hadn't asked me to come until after already went. I was like, well I can't really come because I just went to this and like the whole ideology here was, I'm not going to go unless I know that I don't see anybody. It's older until after 20 weeks. And so they were like, well, you know, do you have any symptoms? I was like, okay. Like we're not playing this game. I'm going to
go get tested for it. So I got tested for it. And then when I was like, okay, good to go. But I think the problem is like if people aren't being careful like that and they like just if they mixed the groups, that, that's really what I think we need to focus on, like keep the people that would actually die from this, safe from it. Everybody else do what you may. That's what I think we need to do.
The
No.
hmm,
Yeah, I have, I have two friends that are like one is uh in med school and uh I went out with them in March like mid March, it was a friday, the friday before we locked down and I was out with both of them that friday night and then by that sunday I was going to brunch and they both were like hardcore judging me for going out and doing things. I was like two days ago, we were all out together and now we're already to the hardcore judgment and so they say pretty firm on the complete social distancing and isolation. And so I kind of was like, all right, I'm just gonna wait for them to get over this, I'm not going to contact them until they contact me. But this past weekend, they both uh they were like let's hang out. And so we all like hung out in person without masks without distancing. And I was like, oh my gosh, I'm shocked.
Yeah, I was shocked. I was very, I was very I was not anticipating them saying that, especially because it's starting to pick back up now, but I think what did it for them was the protest. They both wanted to go to the protests. And so then after that, I think it kind of like broke there, you know, they're complete isolation. So they were just like, well, you know, it's just two people justification at all.
We're in the low 90s right now.
Yeah. And I mean, people do that everywhere, but then there's the people that like wear the mask while they're in their car by themselves.
I don't get that. I mean, if you're like walking through like town or something, I don't know how urban the area you're in is, but like, I mean like I can walk to a ton of restaurants and shops and stuff and it's all right by me. If I'm walking to one of those, like I'll bring a mask because I need one when I go in and I'm like passing a significant number of people.
I'll either put it on really quick or all like sidestep to get further away.
Or like
out into the turn line or something.
I'm not very careful about the grocery store. I just go wherever I'm like, well we have a mask, let's just do this.
Yeah, I would not, I would not enjoy that in the grocery store. I want everybody to have on a mask in the grocery store.
I was shocked when I drove back to like to visit, my parents, threw it in Kentucky, but I was losing their lake house that's in like kind of a rural part of Kentucky and I had to drive through like southern Virginia through part of Tennessee and then obviously part of Kentucky and In
Tennessee, especially in Eastern Tennessee, like I stopped at a gas station. They're probably like 35 people in the gas station and I was the only one that had on a mask in the whole gas station. I'm like, wow. Like this is shocking to me. See this many people all in the same area, nobody has on a mask there inside. It's a gas station, it's not that big, so people aren't that far apart, but they didn't really, I guess they just didn't really care or they haven't seen enough cases there yet or I don't know
the people that wear it on their chin is so
I just moved further away and continue on.
Yeah, not good. I don't think it doesn't really help that trump doesn't wear a mask because everybody is like, you know, it's almost become a political issue. Mhm.
you're on
a little bit odd.
I'm
I got
I got what I got.
I probably should get another one because one of the ones I have is
like comfortable, but it's kinda hard to put on and then The other ones that I have there, I've won in 95 that's like really
uncomfortable. I don't, I don't really think there's a reason I wear that to be honest. My mom get, she's like, you need to wear for this. I was like, uh, no, probably not. Uh and then like
initially
when I first started I was just using cut up t shirts, which we're fine. So I got plenty of those. Yeah. I don't have any plans on buying another one.
What
Pick a scarf almost. Yeah,
I've seen those. I I just have a regular one. I don't have one of those. Those are caught.
That's what I ordered the protests. The mask. The sacrifices
in the hat was like, I'm
not
gonna be identified.
I was like, I'll be here to support, but I will not be here
for any juice.
I think we are. Yeah. We started like a minute or two after two. So we should be at least 25 minutes.
Yeah. Good morning. Yeah.