Yes. Okay. Okay. Thank you. What do you think? Yeah that's true. We must live with you. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No mm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Nothing. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
All right so I'm richard
hey,
so where are you located?
I am Orlando florida outside of Disney world, yep.
the
Oh yeah no it's great. It's like 100° outside, The pool is like 90° normal. Um Son every day. Uh Socially things are open malls are open, movies are opening, beaches are open parks are opening so we're slowly getting back to a normal life. Um How about up there since you're outside of D. C.
We are to still which have 50 but I guess we have more things of entertainment where we're at okay.
Um Normally it's social studies histories and things but last year I changed over to a social skills skills class to teach the next generation of manners they see have anymore.
Yeah. So how to hold a conversation, how to interact with each other, not beyond their phones all the time, compassion. Things like that. Job skills.
What?
Oh, cool. So with your mom being a teacher, was that rough as a kid? Because you're always expected to have higher standards than I guess a regular kid.
Your mom
with
speaker. Oh, that sucked.
And she would like probably know everything about you as much as she could. That
that that
fear Oh no, mom is going to find out because of what I'm doing in this other class, so I can't do anything in my class.
That's
how we're
Yeah. It's like I didn't kill anyone.
All right. I mean, for a lot of kids, it's the basic okay, talking a class or falling asleep in class or getting distracted, like you said most times, not going to say something, but when it's the colleague teacher, you're like, maybe I should say something or not, it's almost like you're the sacrifice.
And one of those like, was she thank you. Did you try avoiding her at work at school? Because I see a lot of my colleagues that the kids, they will show up together and then they'll never see each other the rest of the day until the end of the day,
Yeah. Now, and she ever tried doing, like, complaints to people to you about some friends of yours or you know, your friend. So And so she
was able to keep
the party.
Well, we should respect you in that aspect. You want her sounding board okay. For
most
got it. So socially, like, what's going on right now, you said that you're not going to 75, are you excited for the increase in changing your world or are you you know, I'm still gonna like keep to myself?
What?
Now were you when the lockdown first happened where you are those? Yes, It's this is my world. I'm happy to stay indoors all day. Or were you like, no,
You
want to
the outside world?
Mhm. And then once you got inside, first thing sleep all day, like tons of sleeping, got up and then eventually tons of shows not watched and now I'm rather stuff to do.
Well, I know, I don't know if you see the florida stories, but we went from just a few 100 cases every day, so now we're almost at 89 10,000 day in just a few days, and yet we're still going
true. Mhm. Now,
with,
With the stuff that's happening down here, the new blame is the 20 and 30 year olds who are out there partying and enjoying life with no regard to social distancing, to masks, to hygiene or anything like that. They're just out there to party and have fun. So now they're getting blamed for all this in one aspect, I kind of see that because people are posting online, that's the invincible age when you're in your twenties and thirties, you're invincible, nothing will ever happen to you um because the bars have closed down again, so we lost our bars, um the beaches are starting to shut down again. Um Those are the places where 2030 year olds tend to go, the theme parks more for the families, less people Compared to beaches or the house parties, like our house parties or gatherings of up to 50 people. You know what your world is?
correct.
Now have you, are you a mask person or no mask when you go out? What's your world like?
Are you
here are not mandated where you're at?
We are not.
So
we have, I'm like on the an area called four corners, so there's four different counties right there and one county it's yes, you must wear a mask going inside. So I've actually gone out of my way to go to other places that don't require masks. Jack.
I am against the enforcement of masks where I will wear one going into the grocery store, that's not the issue. But to walk in the front door of the restaurant and then get seated now I can take my mask off. That part is if he for me because I'm walking in just to immediately get set so I get out of the car, throw the mask on, walk in the front door two seconds later mask is off so
that
if it was a waiting area, I would see like I've had times where I've waited in the lobby. But me personally like if I see that there's a wait to get into the restaurant, I'm not going to go to that restaurant.
Mhm. Yeah, almost all of our restaurants are open now we've lost a lot of restaurants because we're in the tourist area, buffets are gone, some buffet is closed forever. Um Some escape room places have closed down because they couldn't survive. A few
movie theaters are not coming back, I guess they were barely making it. Have you seen any losses in your world or?
Now
your world up there is your news, your more protests or more virus down here. It's more virus and jobs that we're hearing, we really don't hear much protest of you're being a, I would say you hear a lot more protest stuff.
I'm wondering how much of the protest was spurred by cabin fever because you know, as soon as the up the lockdowns finished also now everywhere there's a protest and now, like you said, it's been almost a month. There's not as many if any in a lot of places.
Yeah, with us, we had a big influx um similar by the college campus, so we have a major college campus here. University of central florida and boom. And like you said, one weekend, almost 1000 cases popped up right there. And like you said, how many people were going to now see their friends that they haven't seen in a month And that caused it, like I'm invited to a 4th of July Party this week and I'm Iffy going over to their house. Um just
because it comes with a whole bunch of new people who, I don't know what their lifestyle was like during all this time. And do I want a chance just to see them for the weekend? So
there's gonna be a spike again this weekend.
I mean.
Perhaps.
Um Like I got a friend of mine who is super like lockdown paranoid, I mean, he won't go to the grocery store, he'll have it delivered, leave it on the doorstep. Um
Nothing I mean he he will not leave his house at all and then
with me he's like I'm living vicariously through you. All right, so I've gone to the movie theater now, granted I go to the movies and you know we have our own row um go to the restaurants uh
you know things like that and he's like I'm living vicariously through you, but how dare you go out? So it's like well what do you want? Do you want to stay in lockdown for you know the rest of your life or do you want to like you said be conscientious of like what you're doing out there, who you're interacting with and how you're interacting with people? Do you have people in your world your circle that is extremes against what your lifestyle is or you know, you're pretty much all the same.
Yeah. We like are you sure? Did you question them when they said let's go hang out?
Have you seen people in, what's the temperature like where you're at? Like I'm in the 90s.
Okay. So I have seen by themselves walking along the street, the sidewalks never wearing a mask. There is no one else around them. Why are you wearing your mask in the middle of nowhere with no one around you? Have you seen that? Just four people are crazy.
Yeah. Our ones and I look over and like I have no mascot. I'm looking over at them with a mask. Yeah.
correct.
Yeah. I've got a lot of the walk, you know, walking the street like, okay, well there's a group coming, I'll go across the street or
let
exactly. I'll go somewhere else. Step away a little bit or look, you're approaching an intersection, like walking out of the corner, you see somebody coming All right, well, we both meet at the corn at the same time. I'll let them get there first and then I'll go to the corner um to at the in the grocery store. I'll sit at the edge or the start of the I'll and I'll wait for the aisle to clear before I walk in. Uh
Mhm. Remember down here, it's both you can do either or mask or no masks down here, so um
Yeah, walmart's ugly. Like the Walmarts down here, like the people are just you see everything coming tourist area, so you have masked no mass all squished into the tiny little ill. And so like I look on the isle. Too many people, I'll go to a different island. Wait well,
up.
now since you're a mask person um does it tell you when you have the no no's coverage anyone?
And you just look at them and you do you want to say something or you just shake your head?
Mhm. Because I've gone to walmart and I'll see the workers and their master all under their nose, like defeating your purpose. Mhm.
Um So I was watching a work meeting last night, the school board posted a meet at their meeting and it was on zoom. All sport members were from their own homes, they're all wearing masks during the meeting from their house. Exactly. Were like watching them like you're at home, why are you wearing a mask at home? So I mean like
it's ridiculous that you see now
with, okay, so you have masks, are you with everything is happening? Are you planning
on just using whatever you have right now or now? You're like let's go fashion or style or cute or you know, or you just face
it,
Okay. It's like I'm tempted to what one? I got something that's comfortable for me. It's more about comfort than look. But I've seen some online like, Wow, that's cute. That's $15. No, I'm not gonna spend $15 on this thing just like because it's got a face on it or you know, a funky saying or something. Yeah.
What?
Yeah.
I just
wanted,
And so your cook with us, like we've had um and we actually went maybe a half hour outdoors to the heat and just got so wet with sweat. It was just so hot out there. And I'm just imagining all the parks and outdoor life and stuff and we're gonna need multiple versions. So it's like do you get a whole bunch? You just keep reusing the same water washing the same one? Oh now are you doing the just the regular master, the pull up covers that? Have you seen those the ones that like
it was like a turtle cover your face?
like
Yes, I agree. I think you're holding next covered. Um And I've seen some people which I think they're going to rob a bank, the mask, the sunglasses and a hat. I'm like all right, great. This is a new driver's license, pictures,
you
know we were
talking
about it. This is where you put your little name tag across your face. Mhm. No
identified.
Yeah. There we go. All right. So you think we're good on side?
Yeah. Mike Timer says 31 so yeah, we're good. Well, it was a pleasure, have a good time.