SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Come on. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Because yeah you do. Mhm. Do yeah. I that's right, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh Oh you're seeing more right. Uh huh. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Hi, can you hear me Okay?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can hear you. Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I can see though. So this is my second time doing this. Have you ever done this before?
SPEAKER_R: no I haven't.
SPEAKER_L: I say? Okay, so usually I start off by introducing myself and having the other person introduce themselves. Would you like me to go first or would you like to go first?
SPEAKER_R: Um I can I can go first. Um I'm Marie, I'm a college student. I'm 18.
SPEAKER_L: What are you majoring in?
SPEAKER_R: Um Theater performance, yes.
SPEAKER_L: part of the country do you live in?
SPEAKER_R: Um It's like south. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I'm Sherry and I'm right now I'm a homemaker. But I lived in Japan for 23 years where as a teacher and I made textbooks as part of my job, I'm living in California in the far northern part, which is where all the wildfires are. So
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: it's not the best time right now, although you can I guess you can't see just the edge of my door. It's it's like a luxury the doors open, it's not so smoky today, I can actually have fresh air coming in which is great. So so I'm sorry, so I I didn't mean to cut you off. So is there anything in particular that you're interested in besides? Of course your major?
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah I like music so um I take voice lessons and I have a piano and guitar and I practice those like you're not super good at it.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: No, I
SPEAKER_L: see
SPEAKER_R: I enjoy it. I'm trying to get better.
SPEAKER_L: what kind
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: music.
SPEAKER_R: okay who um like what I play or like when I listen to um I listened to like a lot of alternative indie pop rock and then I guess I kind of play what I listen to but on guitar I go like I like classical guitar, he says. So
SPEAKER_L: I see, how long have you been playing guitar?
SPEAKER_R: um four years
SPEAKER_L: Ah So you you're probably pretty good then.
SPEAKER_R: I mean like on and off because I haven't been taking the lessons because consistently but I mean I'm not taking them now and now. It's just kind of like I practiced on my hand, but
SPEAKER_L: Uh So you're a university student but you're at home right now because the pandemic,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm taking all my classes online, the university isn't too far away, so I drive there if I have classes in person, but they keep them mostly online, so.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I figured you probably weren't at school when I heard the dog, so. Yeah. So yeah. Is this your parents home that you're in right now? I see. Well when I was your age, well actually I was living with my parents until I finished college when I was 21. So my, my major way back in the old days with psychology. So and I did work in that field for a couple of years before I met my husband and um we moved to Japan about three years after I graduated from college. So, so that's a really, really long story. But my husband was actually my pen pal and I fell in love with him before I met him. So it's it was like a long distance thing before there was the internet, which was very difficult. But anyway, so there's nothing wrong with living with your parents, I guess what I mean to say. Yes, especially not in this day and age. Right? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: for expensive the door
SPEAKER_L: I imagine
SPEAKER_R: in.
SPEAKER_L: being a theater major at this time is very tricky. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What happened
SPEAKER_L: So how how is your school coping with that in terms of getting you to do
SPEAKER_R: island?
SPEAKER_L: essentially performing from a distance?
SPEAKER_R: Uh they do their best um luckily for this semester, I'm not any like acting specific classes, I have a class where like we do a little bit of acting, but it hasn't been as much of an issue. The people who do have acting classes, they say it's a little bit harder because you want to be able to like, you know, get up and be very physical and they can't really do that as much, but they do their best.
SPEAKER_L: So how how did you decide to pursue this? Because this is a really tough field to be studying? What spark that for you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um I've always like been been into stories always, you know, I I loved writing when I was younger and I was just kind of like always in the creative field and I when I was in eighth grade, one of my favorite teacher, she started a theater club and so I convinced my friends to join me and we we did our first play and it was really fun and I kind of came back and just it felt right and I felt really happy whenever I was acting, it just feels right,
SPEAKER_L: Is it about not being yourself for a while?
SPEAKER_R: it's um I guess in the sense it is it's kind of like a living through the stories and experiencing other people's perspective. I feel like when you're acting and you're taking on it helps widen your world view and helps you find yourself right.
SPEAKER_L: Do you have a favorite actor who you know inspires you? You would like to kind of be like,
SPEAKER_R: Florence Pugh. She was in little women, the new one, she's fantastic.
SPEAKER_L: okay, I haven't seen the new little women. I'm sorry, I've seen many versions actually a little women, but not that one. Yeah. Is that one something that's streaming?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if it's dreaming, I've seen it, I just thought when it came out in theaters
SPEAKER_L: Oh, which would have been a long, long time ago at this point?
SPEAKER_R: it was yeah it was december before all of us.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I can understand that. So you seem actually a bit shy. Are you shy?
SPEAKER_R: I mean I guess I am, I try not to be but I'm always had a little bit awkward, I've been getting better.
SPEAKER_L: let's have a little surprised because you seem shy, but you are enacting, which you know, that's why I said, is it about inhabiting another character? Because maybe that's a way of kind of breaking out of who you feel you are and how you feel restrained by who you are. But yeah, I mean I've talked to you for what, five minutes or something. It's not like I know your whole history or something, but just just I've done this actually when I was teaching I would meet New people repeatedly, like every day there would be like you know, six, 10 new people and then they were also very shy because Japanese people are pretty shy. And so I kind of have a feel for that sort of behavior based on that not all of them were, but probably about 80% were because Japanese people are quieter than Americans in general. So I'm actually really used to talking to strangers, but most people aren't and you're really young and when I was your age I would have been shy about this too. So I don't, I hope I don't embarrass you by mentioning that.
SPEAKER_R: No, it's it's fine, I've kind of I kind of realized it and I just I embrace it.
SPEAKER_L: Good. That's good, that's great. So, so yeah, so so is there a particular play or performance that you're thinking? Yeah, I one day I want to do that.
SPEAKER_R: Um Not really, I'd like to do the importance of being earnest again because that's probably one of my favorite plays um but there's not like a particular play that I'm like I need to do that one just kind of I'm also interested in and new things, I kind of want to pave my own way as well and do you new characters because that's kind of exciting.
SPEAKER_L: Do you mean you want to write your own content or just find
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: something somebody else has created?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I find new work instead of because I've only done an original play once that I didn't have any context or that was a challenging experience, but I think that was fun and good.
SPEAKER_L: So uh since I'm not an actor, how how is that kind of thing, particularly challenging?
SPEAKER_R: Um It's more, I mean at least for me when I'm if I get a script and it's been performed before, I can watch other people's performances and see if I like it, see if I don't like it, you know, and kind of get inspiration from that. But when you have your like a whole new character, you have to go out like mine all that yourself and figure out who they are and create all those nuances. Um So it's kind of I mean, I guess I've only done it once, but maybe maybe it's easier as you a lot.
SPEAKER_L: I hope so, for your sake. Yeah. So so when you say creating nuances, how does that happen? I mean I've never studied acting, I don't know anything about it and I'm curious about how that would work.
SPEAKER_R: I mean, I guess it's not like a technical term but like for me it's just um you know the subtle things in everyday life that people do that give you more a person's personality. I guess it's I guess a lot of the psychology.
SPEAKER_L: How do you convey those nuances through acting?
SPEAKER_R: Um I mean it's just like body language and just you know tone of voice and sort of things like that where you put emphasis where you don't put emphasis
SPEAKER_L: right. That's
SPEAKER_R: our usual. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: makes sense. It's funny. I am, I used to be a big fan of really old tv shows like from the fifties or whatever and one thing you notice about them is there is no nuance whatsoever in the acting, an old tv, it's all like theater and completely in your face and then you watch more modern things and as you see through the evolution of tv or movies From the 50s, 60s, 70s and up to the present that it's become so much more sophisticated now than it used to be and that's kind of why I asked you if there's someone you wanted to emulate because is there some particular way? And it is interesting because I think doing something in a very controlled and subtle way is really modern but also I would imagine quite difficult. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: way that she does it it's so natural. She just it's really I'm just really impressed by it. I wonder though um I mean I guess I can't travel back in time or anything but since acting for film and acting for stage are different. I wonder if like back in the 50s when they're making the shows of acting for stage was similar, it was not
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: being
SPEAKER_L: wondered about that too. I think it probably was because, I mean I think things like, I mean not that I'm a big Shakespeare person, but I have seen a little Shakespeare um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that those kind of plays are actually written to be over the top, aren't they? You can't
SPEAKER_R: I think that I mean I think it just depends on the director and how you approach is you can really go out their way.
SPEAKER_L: right. In terms of your, You said you're 18, so probably the life where you're working and you know, out in the world seems like it's a million miles away right now. But how do you envision your future being in terms of making a living or what, what job you might be doing?
SPEAKER_R: Um I have kind of decided that I want to do, just kind of like go with the flow, but also I want to be open to new experiences, so I don't want to stick to stage acting for anything. I want to try Phil maybe voice acting if I can just go out and do whatever I can and I'm trying not to worry too much also about like, you know, 50 years in the future, whatever this kind of do what feels right and take all the opportunities I can.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's a good idea. And one of the great things about living in this time is that you can really kind of make your own content because you could make a Youtube channel, you could do anything you wanted um and you may not be able to make enough money to live on it, but who knows? People do right, people do that. And uh in the past there was such a narrow path to creative success and now that path is much more broad, much broader. Sorry, I was an english teacher and I still don't use correct grammar, so, so yeah, so you know, it's not like you just have to either get a job in an industry or not, there's a lot to be done. So how do your parents feel about what you're doing? Because it is a riskier choice? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: How are they about all that?
SPEAKER_R: Um They're very they're very supportive actually, which has been amazing. Um They just they also want me to um to consider other things in case like baking. I like baking. So maybe
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: getting
SPEAKER_L: too. Actually made bread this morning, I made sour now from my own homemade sour dough starter, which I like many people started to do when the yeast ran out because of the pandemic. So what do you like to bake?
SPEAKER_R: Um mostly deserts and stuff, but um you know, I kind of have kind of depth and everything I've been baking for for a while. I wanna branch out from more traditional, like I guess american big goods and and kind of go more and look into asia and try that out of
SPEAKER_L: actually,
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: you know, I was gonna ask if you've ever made anything fairly exotic, you're frozen were frozen? Okay, sorry,
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: we were frozen there for a moment. So sorry, sorry, have you made anything, you know, exotic from another country?
SPEAKER_R: I mean just like european things, but nothing really more than that.
SPEAKER_L: Uh You might want to try some japanese cotton cheesecake, it's actually really tasty and very light and if you're good working with meringue, it's not hard to make, but people are really impressed with it, so because it's very jiggly and kind of cool, but I've been making that for years because well I actually didn't make it in japan because they don't have much of a baking culture, They've actually stolen everything from europe. And yeah, so what was the last thing you baked?
SPEAKER_R: Chocolate chip cookies. I've been on this campaign to find the best chocolate chip cookie recipe I have and it's been ongoing. So I've just been working on, it's just another attempt of me trying to find a better recipe.
SPEAKER_L: Right. So which which recipes have you tried? I mean they're they're like some pretty famous ones out there for like these really fat kind of chewy cookies and then there are of course the classic tollhouse ones. What kind of things are you trying?
SPEAKER_R: um I mean, lots of stuff. It kind of, it depends. I've tried cookbooks a lot now, I'm mostly online, like you find videos and
SPEAKER_L: Youtube
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: try
SPEAKER_L: a really good resource
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: for that. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: The latest one I tried was off of a YouTube channels. Their thing I guess tasty. Like they have a ton of like those sort
SPEAKER_L: Tasty
SPEAKER_R: of,
SPEAKER_L: has a huge amounts of cooking videos. Have you ever looked at binging with babish?
SPEAKER_R: I love him.
SPEAKER_L: I actually tried his pizza, he has some basics with babish about pizza crust and I made his new york pizza crust for the first time, like three days ago. It's got to ferment in the refrigerator for two days though so you have to be patient and it was the best
SPEAKER_R: That,
SPEAKER_L: pizza I'd ever made. So yeah I definitely recommend following his lead although sometimes he's kind of very kind of skimming the surface but still Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Have you made, oh sorry
SPEAKER_L: please please.
SPEAKER_R: have you made the vodka?
SPEAKER_L: No I have never made a bobcat but I want to, it's just it's been so hot and smoky here and I didn't want the house to get warmer. Um Also the flour shortages were not helping. So are you having any trouble getting flour?
SPEAKER_R: Um We've had I mean there were a couple of times where we could get flour but it's been pretty easy to get things here. It leads now.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, now it's better. I've been getting £25 bags and just keeping them in the closet because I'm afraid it's going to run out again. So have you tried the bob ca
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I've tried his recipe pretty good. I I liked it a lot.
SPEAKER_L: so is it a long proof or is it just kind of a more basic one or two hours type of proof
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: situation?
SPEAKER_R: I think I think it was overnight.
SPEAKER_L: Mm Yeah, that really helps. It has really helped to prove overnight because it develops the flavor a lot. So yeah, I do want to try that. Um but I don't tend to make as many sweetbreads is more kind of basic stuff like focaccia or things like that. And I don't make many cookies. I'm not a big cookie person. My husband is the cookie monster, but not me. But I'm more of a bread and cake kind of person. Yeah. So do you also watch the great british bake off?
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: You don't,
SPEAKER_R: everyone talks about it but I just haven't gotten around to it.
SPEAKER_L: you guys don't have netflix or you just don't have time.
SPEAKER_R: We we do I just haven't I'm just really bad with watching tv shows because it's so daunting since there's so many episodes.
SPEAKER_L: Uh, you don't have to go through all at once. So, you know, but I can understand that when I was your age and when I was in college, I actually didn't watch Tv except in the summer. So, and then I did what every college kid did in the summer, which was watch days of our lives. I don't know why I don't watch soap operas at all and I didn't watch them before, but in the summer when I was in college I would watch that one soap opera. And of course it was weird. It had like vampires and possessions and
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: strange story. It's so it was not like a normal soap opera anyway. Split personality, you know? So yeah. So yeah, I can understand that. You're probably pretty busy studying and doing whatever you need to for school. Yeah. So I'm sorry, is your school a specialty school for?
SPEAKER_R: Um No it's just a general state university.
SPEAKER_L: Right. So you have to take a bunch of general subjects as well as your major? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah at least the semester like all my classes I'm actually taking um a general psychology class this semester so that's been fun.
SPEAKER_L: Is it yeah. Is it something in particular about it that you find interesting?
SPEAKER_R: I mean I think everyone's just interested by you know the human brain learning more about yourself and how you become you. So that's been fun and my teacher is really cool which
SPEAKER_L: Well that's
SPEAKER_R: helps.
SPEAKER_L: good. I actually didn't like my general psychology class when I was in college. That was not what compelled me to to study psychology. It was actually the book Sibyl, do you know that book?
SPEAKER_R: It sounds familiar but I don't know what
SPEAKER_L: It's a better woman. It was really popular in the late 70s. A woman who had like 16 personalities and you know how she became, how she developed multiple personalities and how she was treated because it was written by her therapist. And um that book, the strange thing about it is that I'm not even sure that people having split personalities is a real thing now. Um I'm not sure that it wasn't invented. Uh and it's really really rare. So but the book just in general may be curious and that's how it ended up being the case. But my husband's actually a therapist, a licensed therapist. So he became one when he was 50. So it was like a late career change through my my influence. So so yeah. So is there something in particular about what they're talking about in your class that's interesting to you? Like because for me it was always behaviorism and B. F. Skinner. Not anymore. But it was then. So is there some point that's more curious for you?
SPEAKER_R: Palmer I guess it's just general things and maybe like learning about attachment styles. I thought that was particularly interest and.
SPEAKER_L: styles is like the flavor of the month is psychology right now when I was younger it was it was behaviorism and now everything is all about attachment. Yeah. Did you pinpoint your attachment style?
SPEAKER_R: Um I think I think I did I can't remember what it was now but it's like it's so interesting to learn about that stuff I didn't think about like your whole life and then think about other people and like see how like all the things you learned about plans. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Does everybody in your class think they have all kinds of disorders because they're learning about them for the first time They say oh I'm like this because that's what happened when I was there
SPEAKER_R: I mean that hasn't, we haven't really talked about um disorders yet but also it's all online so it's kind of hard to.
SPEAKER_L: Of course. Are you guys doing zoom so that you actually have a class experience or is it more you just listen
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: all zoom.
SPEAKER_L: right so people actually can interact?
SPEAKER_R: Um They can interact but it's at least so it's kind of for some of the classes it straight up zoom and then other classes it's not soon. I mean it's like zoom but it's not exactly but most of the, at least for psych you have so much to get through. So it's more of like a watch, you can like ask questions but like piers inter asking.
SPEAKER_L: Right. So you would be, so this is your first year, isn't it? Yeah. So you've only actually this is october um you've only actually been in classes for like a month and a half or something months and a half, two months. Uh So how do you find college as an experienced relative to high school? And I know that you're having a weird college experience, but the level of classes in the style of learning or what I'm talking about more so than the social impact,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: how do you feel about that relative to high school?
SPEAKER_R: I I really enjoy it because I get to pick what I'm learning more and like I feel like I'm getting ready for something,
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: many credits are you taking?
SPEAKER_R: I don't remember how chris how many chris I'm taking and
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: I'm taking
SPEAKER_L: Many Classes? five or 6?
SPEAKER_R: six six,
SPEAKER_L: six, Okay. You're probably taking 18 credits unless one of them is like a short like two days instead of three days a week kind of thing. Yes, the six is actually a pretty heavy load besides obviously some of your theater classes in psychology, what else are you taking?
SPEAKER_R: I'm taking sociology. Um Yeah that most of them are theater theater base, there's like script analysis and an intro to theater and then there's stage tech. Stage checks. Actually pretty cool because I get to learn how to, I've been sewing a little bit for that class and that's been really cool because I've always kind of wanted again.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: So I all that
SPEAKER_L: is about making props or costumes then?
SPEAKER_R: um This one yeah this classes um costumes and makeup. So like as an actor is supposed to know how to put on basic stage makeup, pound contour and then I guess um if you wanted to go into stage tech and go into the costumes department with that would be I guess an intro to that. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: mm So when you say you're saying that means you're making costumes,
SPEAKER_R: Um No um when I'm selling I'm just learning how to how to sell like the basic stitches so far.
SPEAKER_L: did you not study sewing in some class in high school?
SPEAKER_R: um We didn't have, um, the school I went to was pretty small so we didn't have a bunch of specialized classes.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's cool, I went to a small to say we only had 82 people in my graduating class, so I don't know how is your smaller than that?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we had like 20 something or
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: graduated.
SPEAKER_L: God, how did that happen? Do you live in a super rural area?
SPEAKER_R: No, like um, it's a charter school, so it was like a branch off.
SPEAKER_L: Bright. I see, char charter schools largely for people who are problematic students in in high school.
SPEAKER_R: huh. No charter schools. Um, it's just not with the state. Um you can kind of tailor, that's what you want. Like my school there, the whole thing was like classical education and reading classical works and going back to philosophers and such.
SPEAKER_L: I see. So did you choose that or did your parents choose that for you?
SPEAKER_R: It was kind of a joint decision. Um I joined when I was in middle school and I just stayed because I liked it and I like the people and teachers.
SPEAKER_L: what kind of philosophers in particular were you looking at? Because philosophy in high school is a pretty hard thing to study because you don't have enough life experience to really undermine or under my underscore what you're learning?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, our our philosophy class was mostly just reading um, what was it? Brave New World. It was pretty fun. But I guess we didn't get us into it. As we because we could have boat throughout all my times. We mentioned Plato and Aristotle and Socrates and went through them multiple times. Now is the
SPEAKER_L: did
SPEAKER_R: support.
SPEAKER_L: you think A Brave New World?
SPEAKER_R: I really enjoyed it actually.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so did I when I read it many, many, many years ago? But
SPEAKER_R: And.
SPEAKER_L: yes, the whole dystopian genre is something that uh I actually really used to love. Um and I read pretty much all I could get. Is it something that was more a part of your classes are just that one book,
SPEAKER_R: Um actually the same the same time you're reading brave new world in our literature classroom reading 1989. So.
SPEAKER_L: 1989? I don't think I've ever read that 1984.
SPEAKER_R: 1984. L listen Don't just think of that time. But we were in 1984 at the same time and it was really interesting because they were like completely different dystopian world. All right
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: usually. Yeah. I think it was just that was the trope for that year because we usually didn't read a ton of dystopian.
SPEAKER_L: Right. I would recommend if you're interested in me. I know you're a college student, so you're super busy reading textbooks and studying. But if you have time read this Perfect Day by Ira Levin. Ira Levin also do you know Rosemary's Baby? Kind of Yeah, he wrote Rosemary's Baby, but he also wrote this Dystopian novel called This Perfect Day and among because I actually took a class and dystopian novels. So I read a whole bunch of it and that was definitely the best one and very easy to read, relatively speaking. Not so Because I think that 1984 in this perfect day. Sorry. So, um brave new world are
SPEAKER_R: Stop.
SPEAKER_L: kind of a little clergy to get through, because the language is a bit kind of stilted and they don't build their world quickly or smoothly. It's what I recall, would you say that's true
SPEAKER_R: Um I didn't have a Brave New World was pretty easy to get through. Um 1984 was a little bit slower, but I didn't have too much trouble with it.
SPEAKER_L: right now? I don't mean that it was hard. I just meant that it wasn't I don't know how to say this. You get the feeling that they were writing from a particular uh huh. I'm sorry, I can't say almost academic, but they weren't doing it from the viewpoint of the reader so much from their own viewpoint. Because one thing about writing is that you always have to say, okay, in my head, this makes sense. And in my head this this flow is really well, but you have to think about how another person is going to receive it. And I think that this perfect day was a better book for being in the reader's viewpoint rather than in the creator's viewpoint. So yeah, also Player Piano by Kurt Vonnegut's another good one, of course, everything by Kurt Vonnegut's a good one, so at least I think so. So yeah. So
SPEAKER_R: I can
SPEAKER_L: please,
SPEAKER_R: I I can see that. I think 1984 brave new world definitely say the writers had a particular idea in mind, particularly messages they're trying to get across, not necessarily play in the world. Like the world was a medium to get their message through.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Do you think everything back and think about those books and think, you know, the world is a lot closer to those worlds now than it's ever been before, especially in 1984.
SPEAKER_R: When we were reading it, we discussed that a lot. I mean, I can I mean for me, I was like, oh this is so grim, how how can this be like our world? I guess they're like things in it that makes you think of our world? But I thought it was just so grim. I was no
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. You don't want to believe it, right? Yeah. But there are a lot of parallels, so it's something to be careful about. I think so. So yeah. So we're going to finish up soon, but I wanted to ask you how you got involved in prolific and how long you've been involved.
SPEAKER_R: Um It's only been like uh like maybe a month, It was just kind of like um I wanted something like on the side that I don't really have time for, like a main job was just kind of like a little little fun thing. And I actually I started doing because for like we had to take um we had to get credits for participating and in labs and I like that and I was like, oh, I can guess that's it was fun and I don't find it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It is fun actually. It's very enjoyable. It's one of the reasons I'm doing it that and you get a little bit of extra money. Yeah, so, so I guess we should wrap up. I think we've been
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: more than 25 minutes, but it's nice talking to you and uh, I hope you have a good day and bake something interesting.
SPEAKER_R: here too.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Goodbye.