Yeah, I can hear you. Can you hear me?
no I haven't.
Um I can I can go first. Um I'm Marie, I'm a college student. I'm 18.
Um Theater performance, yes.
Um It's like south. Yeah.
What?
Oh yeah I like music so um I take voice lessons and I have a piano and guitar and I practice those like you're not super good at it.
No, I
I enjoy it. I'm trying to get better.
I
like
okay who um like what I play or like when I listen to um I listened to like a lot of alternative indie pop rock and then I guess I kind of play what I listen to but on guitar I go like I like classical guitar, he says. So
um four years
I mean like on and off because I haven't been taking the lessons because consistently but I mean I'm not taking them now and now. It's just kind of like I practiced on my hand, but
yeah, I'm taking all my classes online, the university isn't too far away, so I drive there if I have classes in person, but they keep them mostly online, so.
for expensive the door
in.
What happened
island?
Uh they do their best um luckily for this semester, I'm not any like acting specific classes, I have a class where like we do a little bit of acting, but it hasn't been as much of an issue. The people who do have acting classes, they say it's a little bit harder because you want to be able to like, you know, get up and be very physical and they can't really do that as much, but they do their best.
Yeah. Um I've always like been been into stories always, you know, I I loved writing when I was younger and I was just kind of like always in the creative field and I when I was in eighth grade, one of my favorite teacher, she started a theater club and so I convinced my friends to join me and we we did our first play and it was really fun and I kind of came back and just it felt right and I felt really happy whenever I was acting, it just feels right,
it's um I guess in the sense it is it's kind of like a living through the stories and experiencing other people's perspective. I feel like when you're acting and you're taking on it helps widen your world view and helps you find yourself right.
Florence Pugh. She was in little women, the new one, she's fantastic.
I don't know if it's dreaming, I've seen it, I just thought when it came out in theaters
it was yeah it was december before all of us.
I mean I guess I am, I try not to be but I'm always had a little bit awkward, I've been getting better.
No, it's it's fine, I've kind of I kind of realized it and I just I embrace it.
Um Not really, I'd like to do the importance of being earnest again because that's probably one of my favorite plays um but there's not like a particular play that I'm like I need to do that one just kind of I'm also interested in and new things, I kind of want to pave my own way as well and do you new characters because that's kind of exciting.
What?
Yeah, I find new work instead of because I've only done an original play once that I didn't have any context or that was a challenging experience, but I think that was fun and good.
Um It's more, I mean at least for me when I'm if I get a script and it's been performed before, I can watch other people's performances and see if I like it, see if I don't like it, you know, and kind of get inspiration from that. But when you have your like a whole new character, you have to go out like mine all that yourself and figure out who they are and create all those nuances. Um So it's kind of I mean, I guess I've only done it once, but maybe maybe it's easier as you a lot.
I mean, I guess it's not like a technical term but like for me it's just um you know the subtle things in everyday life that people do that give you more a person's personality. I guess it's I guess a lot of the psychology.
Um I mean it's just like body language and just you know tone of voice and sort of things like that where you put emphasis where you don't put emphasis
our usual. Yeah. Mhm.
way that she does it it's so natural. She just it's really I'm just really impressed by it. I wonder though um I mean I guess I can't travel back in time or anything but since acting for film and acting for stage are different. I wonder if like back in the 50s when they're making the shows of acting for stage was similar, it was not
being
Yeah.
I think that I mean I think it just depends on the director and how you approach is you can really go out their way.
Um I have kind of decided that I want to do, just kind of like go with the flow, but also I want to be open to new experiences, so I don't want to stick to stage acting for anything. I want to try Phil maybe voice acting if I can just go out and do whatever I can and I'm trying not to worry too much also about like, you know, 50 years in the future, whatever this kind of do what feels right and take all the opportunities I can.
Yeah.
Um They're very they're very supportive actually, which has been amazing. Um They just they also want me to um to consider other things in case like baking. I like baking. So maybe
getting
Um mostly deserts and stuff, but um you know, I kind of have kind of depth and everything I've been baking for for a while. I wanna branch out from more traditional, like I guess american big goods and and kind of go more and look into asia and try that out of
like,
there's
I mean just like european things, but nothing really more than that.
Chocolate chip cookies. I've been on this campaign to find the best chocolate chip cookie recipe I have and it's been ongoing. So I've just been working on, it's just another attempt of me trying to find a better recipe.
um I mean, lots of stuff. It kind of, it depends. I've tried cookbooks a lot now, I'm mostly online, like you find videos and
then
try
the
The latest one I tried was off of a YouTube channels. Their thing I guess tasty. Like they have a ton of like those sort
of,
I love him.
That,
Have you made, oh sorry
have you made the vodka?
Um We've had I mean there were a couple of times where we could get flour but it's been pretty easy to get things here. It leads now.
Yeah I've tried his recipe pretty good. I I liked it a lot.
Are
I think I think it was overnight.
I don't
everyone talks about it but I just haven't gotten around to it.
We we do I just haven't I'm just really bad with watching tv shows because it's so daunting since there's so many episodes.
Well
Um No it's just a general state university.
Yeah at least the semester like all my classes I'm actually taking um a general psychology class this semester so that's been fun.
I mean I think everyone's just interested by you know the human brain learning more about yourself and how you become you. So that's been fun and my teacher is really cool which
helps.
It sounds familiar but I don't know what
Palmer I guess it's just general things and maybe like learning about attachment styles. I thought that was particularly interest and.
Um I think I think I did I can't remember what it was now but it's like it's so interesting to learn about that stuff I didn't think about like your whole life and then think about other people and like see how like all the things you learned about plans. Mhm.
I mean that hasn't, we haven't really talked about um disorders yet but also it's all online so it's kind of hard to.
It's
all zoom.
Um They can interact but it's at least so it's kind of for some of the classes it straight up zoom and then other classes it's not soon. I mean it's like zoom but it's not exactly but most of the, at least for psych you have so much to get through. So it's more of like a watch, you can like ask questions but like piers inter asking.
And
I I really enjoy it because I get to pick what I'm learning more and like I feel like I'm getting ready for something,
so
I don't remember how chris how many chris I'm taking and
I think
I'm taking
six six,
I'm taking sociology. Um Yeah that most of them are theater theater base, there's like script analysis and an intro to theater and then there's stage tech. Stage checks. Actually pretty cool because I get to learn how to, I've been sewing a little bit for that class and that's been really cool because I've always kind of wanted again.
So I all that
um This one yeah this classes um costumes and makeup. So like as an actor is supposed to know how to put on basic stage makeup, pound contour and then I guess um if you wanted to go into stage tech and go into the costumes department with that would be I guess an intro to that. Uh huh.
Um No um when I'm selling I'm just learning how to how to sell like the basic stitches so far.
um We didn't have, um, the school I went to was pretty small so we didn't have a bunch of specialized classes.
Yeah, we had like 20 something or
graduated.
No, like um, it's a charter school, so it was like a branch off.
huh. No charter schools. Um, it's just not with the state. Um you can kind of tailor, that's what you want. Like my school there, the whole thing was like classical education and reading classical works and going back to philosophers and such.
It was kind of a joint decision. Um I joined when I was in middle school and I just stayed because I liked it and I like the people and teachers.
yeah, our our philosophy class was mostly just reading um, what was it? Brave New World. It was pretty fun. But I guess we didn't get us into it. As we because we could have boat throughout all my times. We mentioned Plato and Aristotle and Socrates and went through them multiple times. Now is the
support.
I really enjoyed it actually.
And.
Um actually the same the same time you're reading brave new world in our literature classroom reading 1989. So.
1984. L listen Don't just think of that time. But we were in 1984 at the same time and it was really interesting because they were like completely different dystopian world. All right
usually. Yeah. I think it was just that was the trope for that year because we usually didn't read a ton of dystopian.
Stop.
Um I didn't have a Brave New World was pretty easy to get through. Um 1984 was a little bit slower, but I didn't have too much trouble with it.
I can
I I can see that. I think 1984 brave new world definitely say the writers had a particular idea in mind, particularly messages they're trying to get across, not necessarily play in the world. Like the world was a medium to get their message through.
When we were reading it, we discussed that a lot. I mean, I can I mean for me, I was like, oh this is so grim, how how can this be like our world? I guess they're like things in it that makes you think of our world? But I thought it was just so grim. I was no
Um It's only been like uh like maybe a month, It was just kind of like um I wanted something like on the side that I don't really have time for, like a main job was just kind of like a little little fun thing. And I actually I started doing because for like we had to take um we had to get credits for participating and in labs and I like that and I was like, oh, I can guess that's it was fun and I don't find it.
All
here too.