Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Come on. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Because yeah you do. Mhm. Do yeah. I that's right, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh Oh you're seeing more right. Uh huh. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Hi, can you hear me Okay?
Yes, I can see though. So this is my second time doing this. Have you ever done this before?
I say? Okay, so usually I start off by introducing myself and having the other person introduce themselves. Would you like me to go first or would you like to go first?
What are you majoring in?
part of the country do you live in?
Oh I'm Sherry and I'm right now I'm a homemaker. But I lived in Japan for 23 years where as a teacher and I made textbooks as part of my job, I'm living in California in the far northern part, which is where all the wildfires are. So
it's not the best time right now, although you can I guess you can't see just the edge of my door. It's it's like a luxury the doors open, it's not so smoky today, I can actually have fresh air coming in which is great. So so I'm sorry, so I I didn't mean to cut you off. So is there anything in particular that you're interested in besides? Of course your major?
I
see
what kind
of
music.
I see, how long have you been playing guitar?
Ah So you you're probably pretty good then.
Uh So you're a university student but you're at home right now because the pandemic,
yeah, I figured you probably weren't at school when I heard the dog, so. Yeah. So yeah. Is this your parents home that you're in right now? I see. Well when I was your age, well actually I was living with my parents until I finished college when I was 21. So my, my major way back in the old days with psychology. So and I did work in that field for a couple of years before I met my husband and um we moved to Japan about three years after I graduated from college. So, so that's a really, really long story. But my husband was actually my pen pal and I fell in love with him before I met him. So it's it was like a long distance thing before there was the internet, which was very difficult. But anyway, so there's nothing wrong with living with your parents, I guess what I mean to say. Yes, especially not in this day and age. Right? Yeah.
I imagine
being a theater major at this time is very tricky. Yeah.
So how how is your school coping with that in terms of getting you to do
essentially performing from a distance?
So how how did you decide to pursue this? Because this is a really tough field to be studying? What spark that for you?
Is it about not being yourself for a while?
Do you have a favorite actor who you know inspires you? You would like to kind of be like,
okay, I haven't seen the new little women. I'm sorry, I've seen many versions actually a little women, but not that one. Yeah. Is that one something that's streaming?
Oh, which would have been a long, long time ago at this point?
Yeah. Yeah, I can understand that. So you seem actually a bit shy. Are you shy?
let's have a little surprised because you seem shy, but you are enacting, which you know, that's why I said, is it about inhabiting another character? Because maybe that's a way of kind of breaking out of who you feel you are and how you feel restrained by who you are. But yeah, I mean I've talked to you for what, five minutes or something. It's not like I know your whole history or something, but just just I've done this actually when I was teaching I would meet New people repeatedly, like every day there would be like you know, six, 10 new people and then they were also very shy because Japanese people are pretty shy. And so I kind of have a feel for that sort of behavior based on that not all of them were, but probably about 80% were because Japanese people are quieter than Americans in general. So I'm actually really used to talking to strangers, but most people aren't and you're really young and when I was your age I would have been shy about this too. So I don't, I hope I don't embarrass you by mentioning that.
Good. That's good, that's great. So, so yeah, so so is there a particular play or performance that you're thinking? Yeah, I one day I want to do that.
Do you mean you want to write your own content or just find
something somebody else has created?
So uh since I'm not an actor, how how is that kind of thing, particularly challenging?
I hope so, for your sake. Yeah. So so when you say creating nuances, how does that happen? I mean I've never studied acting, I don't know anything about it and I'm curious about how that would work.
How do you convey those nuances through acting?
right. That's
makes sense. It's funny. I am, I used to be a big fan of really old tv shows like from the fifties or whatever and one thing you notice about them is there is no nuance whatsoever in the acting, an old tv, it's all like theater and completely in your face and then you watch more modern things and as you see through the evolution of tv or movies From the 50s, 60s, 70s and up to the present that it's become so much more sophisticated now than it used to be and that's kind of why I asked you if there's someone you wanted to emulate because is there some particular way? And it is interesting because I think doing something in a very controlled and subtle way is really modern but also I would imagine quite difficult. Yeah.
I
wondered about that too. I think it probably was because, I mean I think things like, I mean not that I'm a big Shakespeare person, but I have seen a little Shakespeare um
that those kind of plays are actually written to be over the top, aren't they? You can't
right. In terms of your, You said you're 18, so probably the life where you're working and you know, out in the world seems like it's a million miles away right now. But how do you envision your future being in terms of making a living or what, what job you might be doing?
Yeah, that's a good idea. And one of the great things about living in this time is that you can really kind of make your own content because you could make a Youtube channel, you could do anything you wanted um and you may not be able to make enough money to live on it, but who knows? People do right, people do that. And uh in the past there was such a narrow path to creative success and now that path is much more broad, much broader. Sorry, I was an english teacher and I still don't use correct grammar, so, so yeah, so you know, it's not like you just have to either get a job in an industry or not, there's a lot to be done. So how do your parents feel about what you're doing? Because it is a riskier choice? Yeah.
How are they about all that?
me
too. Actually made bread this morning, I made sour now from my own homemade sour dough starter, which I like many people started to do when the yeast ran out because of the pandemic. So what do you like to bake?
actually,
you know, I was gonna ask if you've ever made anything fairly exotic, you're frozen were frozen? Okay, sorry,
we were frozen there for a moment. So sorry, sorry, have you made anything, you know, exotic from another country?
Uh You might want to try some japanese cotton cheesecake, it's actually really tasty and very light and if you're good working with meringue, it's not hard to make, but people are really impressed with it, so because it's very jiggly and kind of cool, but I've been making that for years because well I actually didn't make it in japan because they don't have much of a baking culture, They've actually stolen everything from europe. And yeah, so what was the last thing you baked?
Right. So which which recipes have you tried? I mean they're they're like some pretty famous ones out there for like these really fat kind of chewy cookies and then there are of course the classic tollhouse ones. What kind of things are you trying?
Youtube
is
a really good resource
for that. Yeah. Yeah.
Tasty
has a huge amounts of cooking videos. Have you ever looked at binging with babish?
I actually tried his pizza, he has some basics with babish about pizza crust and I made his new york pizza crust for the first time, like three days ago. It's got to ferment in the refrigerator for two days though so you have to be patient and it was the best
pizza I'd ever made. So yeah I definitely recommend following his lead although sometimes he's kind of very kind of skimming the surface but still Yeah
please please.
No I have never made a bobcat but I want to, it's just it's been so hot and smoky here and I didn't want the house to get warmer. Um Also the flour shortages were not helping. So are you having any trouble getting flour?
Yeah, now it's better. I've been getting £25 bags and just keeping them in the closet because I'm afraid it's going to run out again. So have you tried the bob ca
so is it a long proof or is it just kind of a more basic one or two hours type of proof
situation?
Mm Yeah, that really helps. It has really helped to prove overnight because it develops the flavor a lot. So yeah, I do want to try that. Um but I don't tend to make as many sweetbreads is more kind of basic stuff like focaccia or things like that. And I don't make many cookies. I'm not a big cookie person. My husband is the cookie monster, but not me. But I'm more of a bread and cake kind of person. Yeah. So do you also watch the great british bake off?
You don't,
you guys don't have netflix or you just don't have time.
Uh, you don't have to go through all at once. So, you know, but I can understand that when I was your age and when I was in college, I actually didn't watch Tv except in the summer. So, and then I did what every college kid did in the summer, which was watch days of our lives. I don't know why I don't watch soap operas at all and I didn't watch them before, but in the summer when I was in college I would watch that one soap opera. And of course it was weird. It had like vampires and possessions and
strange story. It's so it was not like a normal soap opera anyway. Split personality, you know? So yeah. So yeah, I can understand that. You're probably pretty busy studying and doing whatever you need to for school. Yeah. So I'm sorry, is your school a specialty school for?
Right. So you have to take a bunch of general subjects as well as your major? Yeah.
Is it yeah. Is it something in particular about it that you find interesting?
Well that's
good. I actually didn't like my general psychology class when I was in college. That was not what compelled me to to study psychology. It was actually the book Sibyl, do you know that book?
It's a better woman. It was really popular in the late 70s. A woman who had like 16 personalities and you know how she became, how she developed multiple personalities and how she was treated because it was written by her therapist. And um that book, the strange thing about it is that I'm not even sure that people having split personalities is a real thing now. Um I'm not sure that it wasn't invented. Uh and it's really really rare. So but the book just in general may be curious and that's how it ended up being the case. But my husband's actually a therapist, a licensed therapist. So he became one when he was 50. So it was like a late career change through my my influence. So so yeah. So is there something in particular about what they're talking about in your class that's interesting to you? Like because for me it was always behaviorism and B. F. Skinner. Not anymore. But it was then. So is there some point that's more curious for you?
styles is like the flavor of the month is psychology right now when I was younger it was it was behaviorism and now everything is all about attachment. Yeah. Did you pinpoint your attachment style?
Yeah. Does everybody in your class think they have all kinds of disorders because they're learning about them for the first time They say oh I'm like this because that's what happened when I was there
Of course. Are you guys doing zoom so that you actually have a class experience or is it more you just listen
and
right so people actually can interact?
Right. So you would be, so this is your first year, isn't it? Yeah. So you've only actually this is october um you've only actually been in classes for like a month and a half or something months and a half, two months. Uh So how do you find college as an experienced relative to high school? And I know that you're having a weird college experience, but the level of classes in the style of learning or what I'm talking about more so than the social impact,
how do you feel about that relative to high school?
How
many credits are you taking?
So
How
Many Classes? five or 6?
six, Okay. You're probably taking 18 credits unless one of them is like a short like two days instead of three days a week kind of thing. Yes, the six is actually a pretty heavy load besides obviously some of your theater classes in psychology, what else are you taking?
So
is about making props or costumes then?
mm So when you say you're saying that means you're making costumes,
did you not study sewing in some class in high school?
Oh that's cool, I went to a small to say we only had 82 people in my graduating class, so I don't know how is your smaller than that?
my
God, how did that happen? Do you live in a super rural area?
Bright. I see, char charter schools largely for people who are problematic students in in high school.
I see. So did you choose that or did your parents choose that for you?
what kind of philosophers in particular were you looking at? Because philosophy in high school is a pretty hard thing to study because you don't have enough life experience to really undermine or under my underscore what you're learning?
did
you think A Brave New World?
Yeah, so did I when I read it many, many, many years ago? But
yes, the whole dystopian genre is something that uh I actually really used to love. Um and I read pretty much all I could get. Is it something that was more a part of your classes are just that one book,
1989? I don't think I've ever read that 1984.
Yeah.
Right. I would recommend if you're interested in me. I know you're a college student, so you're super busy reading textbooks and studying. But if you have time read this Perfect Day by Ira Levin. Ira Levin also do you know Rosemary's Baby? Kind of Yeah, he wrote Rosemary's Baby, but he also wrote this Dystopian novel called This Perfect Day and among because I actually took a class and dystopian novels. So I read a whole bunch of it and that was definitely the best one and very easy to read, relatively speaking. Not so Because I think that 1984 in this perfect day. Sorry. So, um brave new world are
kind of a little clergy to get through, because the language is a bit kind of stilted and they don't build their world quickly or smoothly. It's what I recall, would you say that's true
right now? I don't mean that it was hard. I just meant that it wasn't I don't know how to say this. You get the feeling that they were writing from a particular uh huh. I'm sorry, I can't say almost academic, but they weren't doing it from the viewpoint of the reader so much from their own viewpoint. Because one thing about writing is that you always have to say, okay, in my head, this makes sense. And in my head this this flow is really well, but you have to think about how another person is going to receive it. And I think that this perfect day was a better book for being in the reader's viewpoint rather than in the creator's viewpoint. So yeah, also Player Piano by Kurt Vonnegut's another good one, of course, everything by Kurt Vonnegut's a good one, so at least I think so. So yeah. So
please,
yeah. Do you think everything back and think about those books and think, you know, the world is a lot closer to those worlds now than it's ever been before, especially in 1984.
Yeah. Yeah. You don't want to believe it, right? Yeah. But there are a lot of parallels, so it's something to be careful about. I think so. So yeah. So we're going to finish up soon, but I wanted to ask you how you got involved in prolific and how long you've been involved.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It is fun actually. It's very enjoyable. It's one of the reasons I'm doing it that and you get a little bit of extra money. Yeah, so, so I guess we should wrap up. I think we've been
more than 25 minutes, but it's nice talking to you and uh, I hope you have a good day and bake something interesting.
Thank you. Goodbye.