Hello, can you hear me?
All right, perfect.
I'm Jason
and
yeah. Nice to meet you too. Um So do you know if we're supposed to uh press forward on the survey or not?
Okay.
I kind of got um so I'm in ah doing a masters program and we're doing um consumer research. It's an entrepreneurship program. So I kind of got introduced to the platform on both sides because uh um you can use it for our own research purposes, but I guess you can also make a little bit of money on the side, so.
I go to I go to U Dub, so I'm I'm doing my Masters right now in the business school. Um I guess my undergrad was finance marketing, that sort of thing. Um As far as what's going on, the program is kind of like you're supposed to essentially work on your own company um While you're in the program um they kind of divided up it's a quarter system, so it's ideation um you kind of begin to create the product or service, you're gonna end up launching and then kind of jump into that. So for us, we're home to core company where launching into sustainable candles and um those kind of products and so right now we're we just went to our first farmers market craft market last thursday, so
we're
starting, yeah, so we're starting to begin to actually sell to people in person. Mhm. Thanks. So, ah what about yourself? What's, what's going on?
I don't know.
thank you very much,
hmm.
People who have,
I
Mhm. Yeah, I I once upon a time I did want to be a computer science engineer, but um after taking the intro python and java classes, I kind of just note this. Yeah.
Yeah I still remember, I think everyone makes you do like the Hello World program or something like that. Right? That's the first one. Yeah. I think the most complicated thing I ever made was like this thing that ah you could just punch in the dimensions and they would draw the space needle in those dimensions in pixels but nothing more complicated than that.
Um So actually I don't know if you can see it on my shirt but um actually me, there you go. So I'm a drag
racer.
So this is this is reading,
this is the reading teams. Reading team. So um I went to race down there in California. This I'm from Washington but
I went to race down there.
Um So I race in sportsmen and pro and sometimes in super pro class. So um that's
what I do, I get
to the hobby.
I blame my friend. Uh
Yeah, I blame him one because it's it's not easy exactly on the wall it but it's an expensive sport in that regard. But um ah we kind of just went out there just because we both on sports cars to see what they kind of run because you can't really do that on a public street and uh I kinda just won some rounds like not even really trying just kind of accidents and you know what if I this is my first year actually doing it competitively. So what if I actually gave my competition license, go and practice and actually ah Try and win some stuff and uh it turns out I can actually win um and actually ranked nationally, I'm ranked number 28th and in one of my classes after
making
it to the divisional races. So um uh yeah, so we'll see where we go next year. So I raise, I raise an electric car race, a Tesla, which is unheard of in drag racing world just because everything is a gas. Ah but ah one of the things about an electric cars that they're ridiculously consistent because in drag racing, it's all about consistency um in reaction time. So
for me, the car is dead on consistent to the 1000s of a second every single pass. So it's mostly about just me working on my own reaction time and getting that down low and consistent. Yeah. Mhm.
Yeah.
Mhm. Mhm.
Good night.
Right. Yeah, I think it's a little bit strange just because ah I do you know, you hear that everywhere you go um but sometimes those people do show up at the track. but uh the funny thing is I guess that most of those people aren't really there to actually compete, they're kinda just there for show for the pictures
But
actually not really good at driving a car at high speed so um Yeah especially now that I've gotten more into the spotlight, you can, you can clearly tell who who's in there to compete and who
who's
just
It's it's a lot different to be able to control a car consistently driving 14,050 mph and even if it's just in a straight line um And I guess you almost begin to almost respect the car more like you know that racing kind of has its place like you know not on public streets because ah you can get uh I mean just myself in one year I've seen 34 pretty bad crashes. You know where cars roll over They hit the barrier just because one little thing goes wrong 140 mph, it just
takes
second.
Yeah. Uh huh.
Yeah things can go around pretty quick but ah that that's also the, I guess one of those things is probably the most important things is tires, brakes. Um For us is you always gotta check them every almost every minute like ah you don't want those things failing because that's what's gonna stop you, that's what's gonna keep you going straight.
No.
Uh No no doing this. No. Um ironically I've been an accident but that's just driving on the street.
Yeah I think ah your video cuts a little bit out here and there, but for the most parts I can see it. Yeah.
Uh No, not at all. The worst thing I got was a nail in one tire. Um Yeah, it's mostly actually just ah driving on a normal street. I think I have like one a year. Not at fault though, but one a year, it's just those unavoidable ones, it's like you're stopped at a red light and uh someone just doesn't think it's red so. Yeah. Yeah, it's usually the or parking lot, one of the two.
Yeah, thankfully they've all been really slow so it's like it's almost like it's almost worse so because like they're doing it really slowly and you're like stop, stop, stop, nope. Yeah.
especially on campuses it's stared reckless. Yeah.
What ah what video games do you play? Uh huh.
Home.
interesting.
So no problem.
Yeah. I've heard great things about it. I ah I used to run like 1000 person roughly like gaming clan. We used him speak in discord. So we have guys that run play different games and stuff. But I've never actually played those games usually play MMO s like free to place. Um Yeah,
ah there's something I guess ah I wish you can kind of tell by the racing to, it's like there's a little bit of competitive edge I guess it's like doing in hobby show at, you know, mos can get the job done to online as well.
Yeah, Yeah, I didn't play that one. Yeah, I tried another probably gonna when I guess that I tried to CS go, but I sucked
at it. So
I'm like, yeah, no, Yeah, I tried it, sucked that and I'm like, yeah, no, I'll stick to the games and get at.
Yeah. Um, I guess does madden count a single player? I don't know. Just playing in like,
huh. Yeah, that's,
that's,
that's
really about it.
Yeah. And I don't think about a uh, probably be it. Yeah. Mhm.
Um, I don't know. I don't think so. No, it's not. I live ah actually live with my parents. Yeah. So you know with covid everything. So basically I don't know about, I think in our most colleges in California, like pretty much storms
are closed.
Yeah, pretty much nearly everything is either close or like unless you work in stem, like in the medical school, like you have some medical school is pretty big unless you work or study in that department, like you're not supposed to be on campus and everything is close. Yeah.
Um, it's been all right. Um, but it it's been strange because it's like yeah I'm supposed to graduate next year or yeah next year it's crazy that sounds. But um uh you know it might even be online, like it might not even be an impersonal graduation so foreigners.
It's completely I mean it's a lot of people thought like you know it might be gone in a few months but it yeah
2021 looks gonna look, it's gonna be pretty similar 2020 in that regard. So yeah I'm kind of I guess expecting graduation to be online in June
You know at this point because I I went from undergrad straight into my masters, so my undergrad graduation was online and so my masters will also be online, so I'm like yeah at this point like it's I'm kind of used to it. Yeah, so I guess the bad part is if I could decide to go the PhD route, if uh if I end up getting a PhD and for some crazy reason, I still have to end up walking online in three years. But I don't think that's gonna happen or I hope not.
I've heard about it is 1918, but I don't recall what how long. Yeah.
it's a good thing. Um
No, definitely. Like I guess the next decade we'll we'll forget about it. But Um I don't think next year and hopefully 2022 is better.
Yeah. It's a tricky world, especially in drag racing. I on the demographics there are ah are pretty interesting. I don't think anyone that believes in mass.
Mhm. Yeah. It's it's what? Ah So, well, I think California is, I should have a better way better actually when I went to them. I actually got surprised because um Probably like 80% compliance. Um Which is so completely surprising because um up here whenever you go to the events, like There's one race track where like no one likes, I'm like one out of like 1000 people that wear it. Um But ah here it's mostly why older retired folk that tend to race. Um And then in California to actually diverse, like you actually have people from all backgrounds that are actually doing this. Um So. Mhm.
You could um It's different in that um Because you're so because I'm so different, like I'm both a person of color and young and you at the sport. Um It's kind of like that weird thing like because I actually win. Um and so these guys have been doing this for 15, 20 years.
So
a few, But honestly, most of them, it's like you almost like when their respect by beating them out, right? It's like,
like, like, you know, a lot of them are just good competitors in that sense. Like they
they may say
stuff, Yeah, they may say stuff like
beforehand, but like once they see you, they actually win one race and another one and another one is kind of like, well, I mean, you do you. Yeah, so that's
what I found. Yeah.
I mean, no, it's it's definitely like it ah it's ah well that's a well that's basically where all the racetracks are at least here in this state, there's only one race track and actual like King County, which is main Seattle and everything else is either west or east of the mountains in there, it's deep red country. Yeah. Yeah. And like our divisional race was like in the middle of Idaho, it's like an hour, two hours north of Boise. So it's yeah, kind of like the middle of nowhere.
No, no, that's that's what I'm saying, like it's it's it's almost like it's okay as on this year you're there to compete in their sport in a good way and like your because there's really no one
else. So I guess like, you know, I guess I don't think too much of it. I guess maybe if they were like, you know, 20 of me or 30 m, they might like start saying like uh Yeah, I think it's also a little bit different I think in that um they see uh like for example, I'm I'm second gen, so I grew up here, I was born here and you know obviously speak english, like I'm educated,
there's a there's a, there's a, there's a lot of different things that like, you can't really say one way or another. So it's like, uh, I guess that's why I can get away with some of those things I think would be different for different people. Um, and you know, and then I guess somewhat the socioeconomic factor to that, you know, I'm, I'm raising a Tesla. So it's like, uh,
there's,
yeah, it's ah, ah, I don't experience much of that as ah, basically as long as it's just me. Yeah. Right.
Um, no, I have a shop that helps me. Um, but all the wheel and suspension work. Yeah, I do that. Mostly. There's not much work to be done on electric car. Um, If something goes wrong with the motor, everything that I just can't do anything for about a month. Well the mechanics work on it because it's complicated, high voltage stuff. It's not like a gas car where you can actually work on them. Yeah, so pretty much just check on the tires and wheels and brakes. That's that's really all I can do.
Thank you.
Um Initially not too happy um uh now I guess they're okay with it just because like ah ah I wanted to see if I can actually do it well and it turns out I can actually do it well and and win and um like I was saying my ranking, so I made two divisions in Idaho and I lost in the semifinals. In my in my category, Had I won the semifinals and had I won the finals, I would have been on national television because I would have gone to the national event in Las Vegas and then I would have been a top eight driver in my class and would have been competing for $100,000 price pool. So to get that close in your first year, it's kind of like, well, I guess this is something you can actually give it a year, two more and see if you can improve and maybe one of these years you might actually pick up a national trophy. Um So,
reaction calculation some, yeah, it's a lot of different factors you gotta factor in temperature, wind and sometimes it's just honestly just your gut like you're feeling it or not. That's crazy as it sounds. Yeah.
it's
also a little
bit like chess.
Um because sometimes like I've come, I've gone and made it to finals round in some races and uh it's honestly at that point just who is more or less nervous, like if that that can make a difference in you going before you're supposed to go and getting a red light or getting a good reaction and winning, so.
Anyone.
Yeah, I've I've read lighted which is going before I'm supposed to go a few times in the final round. It's happened. Yeah, I guess that's one of the things I got to work on. Yeah.
no, I just I just I just lose the final rounds. I get second place. I mean you still want a little bit of money and you still get second place, but
yeah, yeah, you get disqualified disqualified if you go on red because it's like a tree, so it starts counting down to yellow, yellow, yellow green. Um If you go before the last green the red light pops up because you went before you're supposed to go. If you go in green, you're good. Now. The
question is, how quick
did you go on green and if your car is gonna run, what you said, it was gonna run?
Uh faulty. No, but I was having issues because one race, like I said, I got a nail on it, I didn't I I didn't realize I had a nail entire until probably four or five rounds in, and so I had to, I I'm like, okay, well, just just do one more round with an L. In it. Um
and nothing happened to the car or the tires thankfully, but um The car just ran off for just a little bit, like, ah probably 2/10 or 3/10 of a second, but that was enough to
to lose.
Yeah. No, no, that that's why the decision to run was uh I was mixed about it, but um I just let's just do it because it wasn't super deep in, but yeah, at speeds like that um it has the potential to just blow and
yeah, basically, and if it's on a front tire, that's really bad because then your steering goes um
if it goes on, if it's on the back tire, it's still okay because you can just steer. Um But
kind of everything that probably if, if you get a tire blood at 100 plus miles an hour,
anything like even just a plastic trim on the car, everything around the wheel,
well,
just get shredded,
kind of, yeah. Mhm, Mhm, mhm,
so you're in two lanes, you're probably separated by maybe 10-15 ft, so it's two lanes, it's a quarter mile, so from the start to the finish, two lanes separated
by
10.
Yeah, so one of the accidents that I saw was where the car on the right lane, um, had a problem with, I guess the wheel or the axle and it kind of hit the wall on the right side and then went all the way to the left side, actually hit the other car and took up the other car too. And then they both just did barrel rolls down the racetrack. Yeah.
So yeah, that's like worst case scenario, like your nothing's going wrong with what you're doing and then it's just another guy that
had an issue.
It ends
up
taking you out too.
Yeah. Well, I think we'll see. I I want to run that class gets a faster class. I don't I don't have the car to run that yet. I run to slower classes where That usually doesn't happen or if it doesn't happen if it does happen it's like a slightly lower speed. Like you might impact at 100 or 110. Um they probably impacted it close to like 160 170. So it's ah
at that point basically everyone just kind of weights a little bit. I mean while the ambulances drive out there but they wait in that the drivers can get out because if they if they can get out by their own power because all the cars have roll cages and they have like full body
ah fire suits and neck restraints and helmets. Like we're supposed to wear all that stuff. So if they can get out by themselves and usually they're
pretty
much fine, like worst case concussion. But yeah, it's usually when they can't get out by themselves. That's when uh that's
when you
were
a little bit because uh you don't know how bad it was, I give the roll cage actually held.
no, I'll just say there's nothing like crossing the finish line and having the wind light turn on on your side
and it's like, you know, Yeah, it's there's really no feeling so far that kind of matches that for me,
especially the bigger the event is um just as, I mean, that's the one thing too that I don't know how in the future years is going to go because normally The divisional events are in front of like maybe a 40,000 person crowd.
So right now this year I wasn't really competing in much of a crowd, so that wasn't a factor, but I don't know if it'll affect me positively or negatively in the future years, but there's something to be said I guess about, you know turning on the wind line having the crowd cheer you on like I'm sure that probably has some psychological effect.
it's
it's
strange so
yeah so but ah yeah turning on that wind light It's it's it feels nice. Yeah.
Hopefully. Hopefully.
Yeah I think so. All right so hopefully I know how to finish this survey.
I have a good one.