Yeah. Oh yeah wow. Yeah. Well
yeah I can hear you just fine.
Hi my name is Bell.
Nice to meet
you.
Not yet, that's after we finish this conversation is a different
time. Mm
Yeah that's I'm doing that part. Um Tell me more about your school. Where are you?
this
is
Um I'm just taking like general ed classes right now and they're all online um because of the coronavirus um But ideally I'd like to get into Entomology. Um The study of bugs. Um And
but that's really only a hobby at this point, like I'm not set on anyone
career path yet. Um
Nothing like what you're doing. Um I also do a little bit of like computer programming on the side um and I'm taking a google it course
online. Um That takes you through like software and hardware. Um And a little bit of like info security and um what have we not gotten to it? Um Well right now I'm on how computers communicate to each other and what steps each computer takes to connect two the World Wide Web basically like from where it starts in your hardware and what software uses and little increments up until it's connected to say your computer. Um
But I'm really only in the beginning stages of that, it's just a lot of information. Um But mostly I'm just doing general ed classes.
it's a headache for sure. Huh.
Mhm. I mean that's not bad. That's more than a lot of people can do. Um How about in your free time like what do you like to do for fun
team
name?
That's from Cool
boom
and
that's
all
that's really cool, wow. What made you get into that like when what was your first introduction of that?
That
moving
one
B Uh huh
Oh my God, that's great. You like something? Okay
mm.
Mhm. Little is in California um And
like I hear racing all the time just on the streets but I don't know anything about that world like I don't, all I know is that cars go back?
Yeah that's what
it is
Who knows
what
they're doing Britain's?
you
can lose
your traction and just yeah.
Oh my God.
Have you ever
gotten into like a bad accident doing that?
Look I don't know my signals
you're cutting out occasionally but nothing too severe. Yeah. Um Yeah so you were saying you haven't gotten into any bad accidents?
Yeah. Do people don't know how to drive in parking ones? I don't get it.
I don't know, it's like all the rules go out the window when you enter a parking lot.
Um See I don't do anything as cool as you do. Um Really like solitary, I just do a lot of like reading for fun and video games.
Well I'm stuck on Skyrim again. Uh huh I just can't seem to stop going back to it. Um But let's see, I've been playing God of War as well. Um I really liked all the batman
games. Uh Arkham Asylum, Arkham City mm The amazing Spider man game was really good. I really like the mechanics. Uh
the pacing made it feel like a longer game than it was, which I appreciated because it wasn't super long. Um
And I like the variety of the the enemies and the boss battles of Spiderman. Um Oh yeah I just keep going back to Sky Room. The elder scrolls just waiting for the next one to drop eventually.
I don't play with other people generally. Yeah. Yeah.
Do you ever play, see mm I mean the only one that comes to mind is world War craft.
Very
consciously
Yeah they are. Do you play like single player? Mhm.
I guess not an MMO
I'm
just
like her
smaller group of guys wow we're just like the complete opposite. That's so funny.
Did I see a roommate passed by before?
For the
most part they're shut down or just online only? I don't know about private schools but like U. C. L. A U. S. C. Our online.
How crazy is that? Right. How has your family been dealing with it?
that's so weird to think about walking on stage Just online. Mhm.
No.
Is that upsetting thanks? Are you looking forward to doing a person? Well
you need to. The spanish flu was our last crazy pandemic but I don't know how long that lasted. Mhm.
But I mean we don't hear about it today should
you know?
I don't know. So many anti maskers and anti vaccine people. Mm.
Yeah I was going to ask but I didn't know if I was rude.
That must be terrifying.
Do they get
really just offended? Yeah.
Okay. I can see that
they appreciated
that.
Alan.
That's
I know certain parts of Washington and Oregon can get really like redneck e. Yeah.
How is that for you to experience a lot of like tension or discrimination?
And
relax.
That
went,
Do you do all the work on your car?
That's pretty good. I wouldn't know what to look for. Mm Yeah. Um,
what do your parents think of you racing?
That's really cool. There's some like natural skill behind it. It sounds like uh huh.
I mean intuition definitely plays a factor into reaction time. I would say like you do
not
understand
it. Yeah.
Ah Sounds so tense. Uh huh.
I think I would be very nervous.
Does that mean points off or something like what's the,
it's just an automatic loss.
Well
stuff.
Yeah. Has there ever been a time when your car was faulty in a race?
And
enough
to make the Sudan? That's crazy. Just a single nail. I mean, I guess a nail in the tire can cause like a blowout, right? I don't know cars.
Just like sugar and the tire
good.
Will it like affect your rims at all? Oh
help.
It's a
great
thing.
Do you race close by two other racers? Like are you party
This
is free
line?
Yeah.
I was
just
taking
out
who? Yeah. I don't think your life is for me at all.
That
The netting
in this
area.
That's
when things are
bad.
Ooh. Yeah. Yeah. Do you like get adrenaline come downs afterwards? Do you like get nauseous or anything?
eric
this
but now.
Yeah, I would think so. I mean, I know like the NBA felt a little weird about having like a digital crowd, this
kind of
thing.
It's just super quiet.
Well, I hope you had a lot more of them. Mhm. Sounds like you will.
Okay. I think our time is up.
Yeah. He should be able to just press the arrow now and continue on. Um So I'm going to sign off. Bye