SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh huh wow, jesus okay. Yeah. What? Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah mm. Yeah. Hello? Yeah I'm sorry my um can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yes can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah sorry my volume maybe a little low um from
SPEAKER_R: That's fine. Six time to adjust it all anyway. Right.
SPEAKER_L: yeah so have you ever done this one before? The mm
SPEAKER_R: Um Yeah I kind of lucked out and found out about it a while back and I've been uh I think this is my this one maybe. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: yeah yeah what about you?
SPEAKER_L: just once before. Well the
SPEAKER_R: personally I just
SPEAKER_L: connections. Mhm mm.
SPEAKER_R: uh can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I can hear you pictures gone. Maybe just wait a second. I can't see you. I don't know if that affects anything. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: think if it comes back pretty quickly were good otherwise we're supposed to counter as a technical error.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah it says here uh persistent technical difficulties including audio video on the internet connectivity. Okay so we'll just let's we'll just do like a few minutes and it might come back. Mhm. Uh Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I haven't actually had to um um have a technical difficulty yet. I've had some that get a bit rough but
SPEAKER_L: Hm Yeah. Um so what's your plan for today? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: not much planned. This was the big thing and other than that I just take care of dinner and and watch some T. V. Or something.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. Okay you're the video came back so it should be fine. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: about you playing for the rest of the day?
SPEAKER_L: Um Not much I'm going to school, I went back to school and I'm hoping after this I'll be like still be motivated to work on that's it's so difficult, you know? Yeah like the online learning usually if I'm losing motivation, I like go to the library or the coffee shop, it's like no I can't do that. Just maybe like put some coffee shop smr on my computer and that's kind of does the trick.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah better than nothing I guess but yeah maybe a walk around the block just for
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: the out of the house set, I know I'm not very good at and doing things like remembering to go outside myself, so
SPEAKER_L: mm. Yeah. How are things like where you are, you know, with the whole stuff?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I'm in a Kansas city Missouri and uh yeah it's uh it's not the best here but I think it could be a lot worse, I mean for the most part a few times I've gone out people are wearing masks and everything and but from what I've heard our numbers are skyrocketing and I've seen plenty of people not wearing masks from a distance. Oh that's so mostly I'm staying in and have second hand news.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, same with me, yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so how so how is it, where you are then?
SPEAKER_L: it's good, I'm in northern California so yeah it's fine, I don't go out anymore because I was able to go back to like my substitute teaching job which is all online, so that's nice.
SPEAKER_R: cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_R: Is that what you meant by going back to school or or are you?
SPEAKER_L: um I'm also like uh going back to study, well this is my first semester for an english literature masters which like I don't know what I'll do with that, but I mean I like it so.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's awesome though, the master theory.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Two do you like english? I know a lot of people don't. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I I always um I was one of those um ap english kids for most of my high school and uh always really enjoyed those classes by um been a long time for me, I
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: graduated college four or five years ago now, but I got a degree in spanish and promptly
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: forgot
SPEAKER_L: next
SPEAKER_R: how to speak it stuff that
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: went really well, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I need to learn spanish again.
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: I just took the high school couple years in high school. I
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: have uh go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: All right, go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I was just saying like I have like a podcast where it's always telling me that it has new episodes that they're downloading and it's just building up. But um yeah, it's
SPEAKER_R: great.
SPEAKER_L: like a Scottish guy teaching you how to speak spanish, which is strange. Um
SPEAKER_R: I wonder how that will get back to the accent in spanish.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, see it seems okay. Mhm. I guess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: um yeah, for me uh I guess I got a degree in spanish and university and uh then pretty soon after that I found out that I actually really like german, so yeah, makes
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: a big difference having an interest in the culture so that you can actually listen to them, listen
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: it, being spoken a lot because they have some fantastic musical theater in german and Hi,
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah. Yeah, I used to be like really in tune with musical theater and now anytime someone mentions something recent I'm like what is no idea well, well
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'm basically aware of some of it. I know that Hamilton is really big and I did not enjoy that nearly as much as I hope I would.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, you watched it?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I was on a, is he streaming? I think that's something. Uh huh And this solidarity for having musical theater professionally recorded. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Mm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know the culture around. That's really weird. Like, I mean people, have you ever been like on tumbler? Like active on tumbler ever?
SPEAKER_R: um not not specifically if I've seen like screenshots and other social media so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_R: well, but
SPEAKER_L: it's super addicting. Um I stopped and I'm really glad I did. But yeah, people really like romanticized the, you know, the characters in it, which, yeah, which like was strange and problematic because it's like, ok, this is, this is like fan fiction of these guys. This like they're not you're not supposed to like actually worship them. Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yes.
SPEAKER_L: that was an interesting thing. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Mm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I've only listened to a couple of songs but I really like, I'm sure, I think it's really good at the very least.
SPEAKER_R: Mm Uh huh. Now, um, I was just really surprised. I didn't enjoy it more because um I mean, I love musical theater, I love political, musical theater even and it's just doesn't click for some reason, but I think that for me sometimes with new music, I need to listen to it a few times before I start to enjoy it.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: But,
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: but yeah, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: The first time I listened to the uh so the score by, I wasn't really into it. I'm like really? But then of course like about 20 times later I was really really into
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I did really get into the king George bit. It was weird because I was just completely ambivalent. Then one day I got a very strong urge to listen to it and now I love it. Okay, mm hmm. Okay. And
SPEAKER_L: So mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So are you doing anything like um are you working right now through
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: this or?
SPEAKER_R: you. Um No, I actually, I was unemployed before this hit which mhm. Um I was kind of tentatively starting to look for a job, just kind of very tentatively and then when this head I live with my mom and I don't really feel comfortable going out in the world and bring it back as she has lung issues and so I am
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: currently trying to sell stuff on Ebay and prolific. Mhm let so um going is it all on?
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry. Uh I think you cut out just for a bit. Can you repeat that?
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh sure. Sorry. Uh yeah, I was just curious about your substitute teacher uh job and is it all online or?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah, the district is completely online right now. I was uh substituting for a while. Uh No, I was just substitute was like my first school year substituting I think. And then March happened like you know everything shut down in March and it sucks because I had this other job that I liked that I had just gotten which was um at our local baseball stadium which is a minor league baseball stadium and like, you know, I was like learning how to like pour beers for the VIP boxes and it was so much energy and
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: I was so excited and of course that was like all canceled. Um So yeah it sucks and I don't know I just, it was sort of writing that new job energy and like um as soon as I as soon as I stopped working like I started looking for another job but then it was just not good like I worked at Chipotle and then amazon and then I got a tutoring job and then that was fine and then they like yeah and then I went back to something. So yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: wow a lot. At a really short period of time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I feel like I've like aged 10 years, I like asked my friend um I'm like have you do you look at the person you were exactly one year ago and think they're a completely different person, like you don't even know them anymore. And he's like, what are you talking about? Like? Oh no, I think it was because of the jobs that I think that way. Um but I'm glad because it kind of made me realize that I really do love substituting, so Okay. Yeah. And now I'm just
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: looking back at myself willing to go out and work um you know with the public and in a warehouse and I'm like, what was I thinking? Because now I'm like actually scared of the virus when before I was like,
SPEAKER_R: I know
SPEAKER_L: it's, I'm going to wear a mask but I'm sure it's fine. No. Yeah, that was that was insane. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I've always been pretty um cautious about it maybe I mean to an extreme extent even but I at the same time i it doesn't really feel all that real in some ways, I mean not in a way that I'm denying it or anything, it's just I feel
SPEAKER_L: I got
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: separate. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. For me it was always like, I don't really care about myself, but I'll just do this for other people, will just be cautious for other people. But um yeah, I feel the same way as you just because like I don't, you know, I'll like watch the footage from the hospitals and like, you know, like get really emotional watching that stuff and um and reading about people denying it, but like also at the same time, you know, I don't know anyone who has been affected by it or gotten it, but also, you know, it's like, well I guess I'm like super lucky in that way. So I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: mm. Yeah I'm honestly kind of worried about how I'll react once it's over and vaccines are out and because I've always been pretty germophobic to begin with so I'm just worried about having like seriously ramped up anxiety going out in society again.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, there might be just a whole generation of people who are just so much more cautious than previous generations, sort of like, I don't know, like I hear stories of people
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: uh who say like, oh my grandmother grew up in the great depression and now she like won't let anything go to waste. Like even like rotting food or something like, you know, so it might be something, something like that. Yeah, I can see myself because pretty much as soon as it happened in March, I I don't remember exactly when I said this bows, it was definitely like either in March or april, I'm like, wow, I'm never going to eat at a restaurant
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: uh for like the next three years for sure. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I'll probably just feel kind of growth for a while.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I don't see how even eating outside, even if like completely in the open, not even in a tent. Like I can't imagine just not worrying. I don't, I don't mean to give you up, but like, you know, like the idea of like not wearing a mask and being around other people that are not wearing a mask and you're all just like opening your mouth and like eating, I don't know, that's just so odd. But then even without the context of the virus,
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: I'm starting to think that is odd. I don't want to do that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: because I mean before the virus there's just so many people who will just like hack on their hands and then just mm that's
SPEAKER_L: even
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: me I guess like you know there are certain times there were certain times where I could just be in people's personal space and they're in my personal space and it's fine, you know? But yeah, definitely. Things will change after this. Yeah. Yeah. So uh my district is planning on was planning on going hybrid online and in person learning in january but I don't, I think they're going to push it back.
SPEAKER_R: So this upcoming january not the last one? Oh.
SPEAKER_L: Um, I think the whole, so back in March, the entire school year was cancelled, they didn't have um, they didn't go online or anything. It was like just completely canceling everything for the whole year and then they use that time to like, you know, get all the laptops going, all that stuff.
SPEAKER_R: So are they providing less absent?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah that's good. Yeah it's like uh really like low income area you know and I'm glad that they're providing like the food, breakfast and lunch and stuff, you just have to go and pick it up so that's good. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but it's a lot like sometimes you know I guess substituting is it? I don't know we just substitute for like three hours and then and that's it and you just like sit there, you're like okay going to school classroom, there should be a assignment there. I'm just going to take down your names. That's it. When
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: before I was yeah I was like breaking up fights, it was like constantly patrolling. It was getting your throat really sore from all the yelling and now it's like I feel like I'm not even working.
SPEAKER_R: wow. So you basically just sit and watch a bunch of students screens and that's it,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah sometimes they don't even turn on their uh camera so it's like sometimes there's like no one there and then I'll still get kids asking in the chat, can I go to the bathroom? It's like I can't you anyway and you're muted? Just go um
SPEAKER_R: What grade are you or grade maybe?
SPEAKER_L: um So I can do, well I'm, the district is K. Through 12 so I can pick up those and yeah including kindergarten, they I know from tutoring that they give kindergartners their own laptops and stuff. Um So I'm assuming that it's basically the same but I prefer middle and high school. I'm I don't know I'm kind of afraid to take the elementary and middle school jobs. These are I don't know how that will be in chat. I don't know if I will be constantly asking them to mute their mix, but you know there's enough high school jobs that it's fine. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I can't even imagine the like really younger years because isn't most of the schooling for that more socialization than like information,
SPEAKER_L: that's true. Yeah, it's when I was tutoring um something that really made me uh like it was like I was like wow, this is a wild world. Um was at my the tutoring place that I was working for involved sitting in a zoom room and just waiting for kids to come in and ask for help on their homework or something and so I was sitting in the zoom room and this kid comes in and um mm okay, uh so this kid comes in and he he's six years old and he says like oh google classroom isn't working for me, so we had to talk him through sharing his screen on zoom and then and then we had to talk him through composing an email to his teacher and like he didn't even know like how to spell and yeah he was like composing an email and he didn't know how to compose an email of course, because he had never had to do that before, so he had to like find his teacher's email address and put it in, like it was crazy, and because his mom was like working, she was in a conference call or something, I don't know, in a separate room, so like she couldn't help them. So he was like completely alone, just trying to figure this computer out just to get his google classroom, do his homework, and once that call was done like, oh my God, holy crap. Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: All right,
SPEAKER_L: So like, I don't know, they're like gonna do studies on these kids and like, I don't know what's what they're gonna find, I'll just do stuff like I'll keep my mic on for the whole class even if I'm like rapidly typing and if they might find annoying because I'm like, I don't know, maybe
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: like they feel alone, they need to hear this like me coughing or something to know that there's someone here, otherwise it will just be completely muted. So I don't know. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I could see that being helpful and this is really makes me wonder if this is just going to like really accelerate the how um technologically savvy kids are because I mean I was already kind of shooting board pretty quickly just with how much technology has changed. Right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: this is a real level of reliance.
SPEAKER_L: for sure. Yeah, it's interesting. It's going to be and it's like a whole range of effects on kids because like, you know this this kid who was having trouble and came into the zoom room, you know, his mom had to provide that this link to him saying if you need help, click on this link, going to go into this meeting and it's like, what about the kids that are completely left alone and are not given any resources by their parents or anyone? Like are they just going to flounder? So? Yes. Um No way. I don't know. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's a lot to
SPEAKER_R: that,
SPEAKER_L: think about. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: part of me feels like there should be like a packet or something that they can go through a checklist of what you can do to get help, but I don't know anything about kids and what that's going to even be helpful. Right,
SPEAKER_L: a lot of times, I mean, I'm sure like, because I remember I was the sort of student, I don't know if you were the sort of student where your teacher, if you do you remember like in middle and high school where the teacher would give you resources and then you would get a grade that was lower than what you thought you deserved, but you still, and it's like, nowadays, maybe in college you would ask like, why did I get this low grade? I feel like I should have gotten a better one. But like in middle and high school, like you don't think to do that and you're just like, oh God, like, and you throw it out and it's like, I'm sure the teacher would have preferred if you had gone up to them. But then there are these students or that's like an extreme where they won't look for help at all. They need that face to face. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mhm Oh yeah, well, and yeah, then there might be that a little bit of a divide where it starts to feel less like they're even talking to a person maybe. Okay. But you know, so are you just teaching through your uh local school district, are you doing anything like that V. I. P. Kid online teaching staff for? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So it's just my local school district right now that um the tutoring and the zoom room I um that was through basically a really really small company tutoring company that uh sort of partnered with another local school districts. And yeah and the that school district provided the link and we're like paying for the service. Um But yeah, the tutoring company, it was just typical small business stuff and I think the owners were going are going through a divorce but they forgot to pay me. And then it turned into this whole thing where they kept rushing me off. And finally I think I just I was getting like so anxious all the time because I'm like they're not gonna pay me, it's just gonna build up and eventually they're not going to believe me that this much you know unpaid
SPEAKER_R: nana.
SPEAKER_L: at this many unpaid hours could build up this way. So I was like I quit and they're like what happened? It's like I've been contacting you for over a month of like um So yeah that was like a whole thing but and it was so so much easier to quit because like right at that moment I was going back to my old job. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: good overlap. Did you only get paid for it though? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: uh they wrote the check, they felt really bad um I thought they were going to do it but uh yeah they felt super bad, they apologized all this stuff. Uh Yeah it's just typical, I think it was just when you have like a small business and you have a lot to juggle, some people are just
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: going to get sort of run over a little bit because you make mistakes and like that was like I was that person this time because yeah mm But yeah I'm I really like I'm so glad that I'm back here and hopefully once everything is done I can go back to the baseball job. But I don't know
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Do they have a tentative yields, get the job back if things go smoothly or would you have to reapply at this point?
SPEAKER_L: they have like a year by year like employees come back from the past, you know they just take them and then they hire the extra spaces that they have. But I was in the V I was a VIP like box server and my super my supervisor was laid off even though she had been there awhile. So it's like I don't know it's possible my the department that I work for especially since I was so new. I was like literally like their newest one of their newest hires might just cut me off. Which yeah I won't I won't expect anything, but I'll be pleasantly surprised if they don't.
SPEAKER_R: Well, um I got my fingers crossed for you then.
SPEAKER_L: Oh thank you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: huh. Yeah. Do
SPEAKER_R: Mm.
SPEAKER_L: you want to end this? Um
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah, I'm just double checking the time. Uh Right. But yeah, it looks like we've done the 2025 minutes. Right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. 25 minutes. Alright,
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: awesome. It
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: was so nice to meet you and to talk to you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You, too. And good luck with everything and staying safe and
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. You too.