Yes can you hear me?
That's fine. Six time to adjust it all anyway. Right.
Um Yeah I kind of lucked out and found out about it a while back and I've been uh I think this is my this one maybe. Yeah
yeah yeah what about you?
personally I just
uh can you hear me?
think if it comes back pretty quickly were good otherwise we're supposed to counter as a technical error.
Yeah I haven't actually had to um um have a technical difficulty yet. I've had some that get a bit rough but
not much planned. This was the big thing and other than that I just take care of dinner and and watch some T. V. Or something.
about you playing for the rest of the day?
Yeah better than nothing I guess but yeah maybe a walk around the block just for
the out of the house set, I know I'm not very good at and doing things like remembering to go outside myself, so
yeah I'm in a Kansas city Missouri and uh yeah it's uh it's not the best here but I think it could be a lot worse, I mean for the most part a few times I've gone out people are wearing masks and everything and but from what I've heard our numbers are skyrocketing and I've seen plenty of people not wearing masks from a distance. Oh that's so mostly I'm staying in and have second hand news.
Yeah so how so how is it, where you are then?
cool.
Is that what you meant by going back to school or or are you?
Well that's awesome though, the master theory.
Yeah I I always um I was one of those um ap english kids for most of my high school and uh always really enjoyed those classes by um been a long time for me, I
graduated college four or five years ago now, but I got a degree in spanish and promptly
forgot
how to speak it stuff that
went really well, but
thanks.
Why?
All right, go ahead.
great.
I wonder how that will get back to the accent in spanish.
Yeah, yeah
um yeah, for me uh I guess I got a degree in spanish and university and uh then pretty soon after that I found out that I actually really like german, so yeah, makes
a big difference having an interest in the culture so that you can actually listen to them, listen
to
it, being spoken a lot because they have some fantastic musical theater in german and Hi,
Yeah, I'm basically aware of some of it. I know that Hamilton is really big and I did not enjoy that nearly as much as I hope I would.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I was on a, is he streaming? I think that's something. Uh huh And this solidarity for having musical theater professionally recorded. Okay.
Mm
um not not specifically if I've seen like screenshots and other social media so
well, but
Yes.
Yes. Mm. Uh huh.
Mm Uh huh. Now, um, I was just really surprised. I didn't enjoy it more because um I mean, I love musical theater, I love political, musical theater even and it's just doesn't click for some reason, but I think that for me sometimes with new music, I need to listen to it a few times before I start to enjoy it.
But,
but yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I did really get into the king George bit. It was weird because I was just completely ambivalent. Then one day I got a very strong urge to listen to it and now I love it. Okay, mm hmm. Okay. And
yeah,
thank
you. Um No, I actually, I was unemployed before this hit which mhm. Um I was kind of tentatively starting to look for a job, just kind of very tentatively and then when this head I live with my mom and I don't really feel comfortable going out in the world and bring it back as she has lung issues and so I am
currently trying to sell stuff on Ebay and prolific. Mhm let so um going is it all on?
Uh huh sure. Sorry. Uh yeah, I was just curious about your substitute teacher uh job and is it all online or?
No
wow a lot. At a really short period of time.
Well
I know
Yeah I've always been pretty um cautious about it maybe I mean to an extreme extent even but I at the same time i it doesn't really feel all that real in some ways, I mean not in a way that I'm denying it or anything, it's just I feel
so
separate. Yeah.
mm. Yeah I'm honestly kind of worried about how I'll react once it's over and vaccines are out and because I've always been pretty germophobic to begin with so I'm just worried about having like seriously ramped up anxiety going out in society again.
Great.
What?
Yeah, I'll probably just feel kind of growth for a while.
they
yeah
because I mean before the virus there's just so many people who will just like hack on their hands and then just mm that's
it.
So this upcoming january not the last one? Oh.
So are they providing less absent?
Oh yeah, that's awesome.
So
wow. So you basically just sit and watch a bunch of students screens and that's it,
What grade are you or grade maybe?
Yeah, I can't even imagine the like really younger years because isn't most of the schooling for that more socialization than like information,
mm.
All right,
or
Yeah, I could see that being helpful and this is really makes me wonder if this is just going to like really accelerate the how um technologically savvy kids are because I mean I was already kind of shooting board pretty quickly just with how much technology has changed. Right,
this is a real level of reliance.
Yeah,
that,
part of me feels like there should be like a packet or something that they can go through a checklist of what you can do to get help, but I don't know anything about kids and what that's going to even be helpful. Right,
mhm Oh yeah, well, and yeah, then there might be that a little bit of a divide where it starts to feel less like they're even talking to a person maybe. Okay. But you know, so are you just teaching through your uh local school district, are you doing anything like that V. I. P. Kid online teaching staff for? Yeah.
nana.
good overlap. Did you only get paid for it though? Okay.
And
Yeah. Do they have a tentative yields, get the job back if things go smoothly or would you have to reapply at this point?
Well, um I got my fingers crossed for you then.
Okay. Uh
huh.
Mm.
Uh Yeah, I'm just double checking the time. Uh Right. But yeah, it looks like we've done the 2025 minutes. Right,
All right.
Mhm.
Yeah. You, too. And good luck with everything and staying safe and