SPEAKER_L: Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. Mother, wow. Okay. Okay. Okay. You are. Uh huh. You're
SPEAKER_R: story.
SPEAKER_L: not,
SPEAKER_R: I didn't mean to jar you.
SPEAKER_L: Uh, no. High.
SPEAKER_R: Uh, we're a little early. I just figured I'd drop, oh no, it's, we're right on time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, That's what I saw. I figured it was almost time. So I'm like, well, might as well just wait and
SPEAKER_R: Don't,
SPEAKER_L: see.
SPEAKER_R: don't mind my ridiculous headset. I would never own one of these. It's my brothers, but I couldn't get my bluetooth to work in the past two or three of these. So I'm using a USB headset that looks utterly ridiculous. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh, no worries. My,
SPEAKER_R: it has glowing lights on it. It has glowing lights. What, what is that
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: for? How was
SPEAKER_L: at
SPEAKER_R: work?
SPEAKER_L: least now we can verify it's somebody on the other end.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, sure. I just have had a lot of audio issues before and I figured using a USB headset would eliminate that, you know, so
SPEAKER_L: is it working?
SPEAKER_R: high. No, Yeah, everything's fine. Am I too loud or anything?
SPEAKER_L: No, you're good on this end.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, good. Everything sounds wonderful. Uh, what's your name?
SPEAKER_L: My name is Jintao. I'm yours.
SPEAKER_R: I'm Griffin.
SPEAKER_L: Nice to meet you. Where are you? Where are you are part of the,
SPEAKER_R: I'm an Arizona local. I've lived in Tucson Arizona for most of my life.
SPEAKER_L: okay. I'm in new Mexico.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, cool. I've actually only driven through new Mexico and the thing that I found remarkable about new Mexico is that it looks exactly like Arizona.
SPEAKER_L: Step for the most part.
SPEAKER_R: I just, yeah, I'm sure that there's different because there's weird parts like Eastern Arizona is all piney and
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: northern Arizona's cold ish. But in general I remember we were like halfway through New Mexico and there and I was like when are we going to be somewhere else? Like we've been in New Mexico for two hours dude. So you know, it's sort of just same sort of region anyways, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. I think the main difference between the two is that you guys get a way hotter than we do.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's been miserable especially with the climate change. Like it's just now finally started to cool down like it was 95 last week
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: I'm wearing a hoodie, I'm wearing a hoodie and I'm really pleased that I can wear one. It's a good, it's a good feel to not be just super hot. I have two fans in here and only one of them is running things are things are on the up and up. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: No, here, I think it's been low seventies here for the most part. We were
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: sounds
SPEAKER_L: eighties, we were in the eighties about two weeks ago and then it's been dropping slowly so but I don't know I heard that next week we're supposed to get back up into the eighties which I'm hoping that I'm kind of sick of the heat.
SPEAKER_R: It actually it rained day before yesterday for the first time in months and months and months and we were all astounded like it rained during the night. So I like came out I came out of my because I live in a like a guesthouse sort of thing and it came out and it was all wet outside. I was like oh like cold and magical. It was it was a beautiful feeling
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well at least in the rain we don't get that much rain over here so.
SPEAKER_R: Oh we we actually had the driest year in like Arizona history
SPEAKER_L: That's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: because we normally have a monsoon season. I don't know if you guys get the monsoon season but we have a month. Yeah we have the monsoon season and they usually get big huge crazy rainstorms. We got like one and it wasn't even very big. It was it was actually pretty pathetic. It was like a really really dry year here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah wow. That's crazy. Yeah. No here yeah I don't think we got that much rain normally, like every other year it'll be like a light rain and then we'll get a little bit more this year and last year not so much last year. We didn't get any snow, we usually will get a little bit, we didn't get any. So yeah, we've been pretty dry here
SPEAKER_R: snow. Trying to think
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: because it's I think it's snowed in Tucson three times in my life and one was sometime in the early two thousands. But the one that I remember the best is it snowed on, it was easter, it was my birthday, it snowed and I got a furby. It was a good fucking day.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. That's funny. Yeah. I think the one time I remember I think it was like back in 2000 and six is when I remember snow from here that was like really really big snow like where they were closing down the highways and kids have snow D's and it's crazy because
SPEAKER_R: Well it's it snows up on the mountains, on the mountains so you can go up to Mount Lemon and and there's you know like there'll be snow, there's probably I think there was snow like a couple of days ago when it got really cold but down here in the city because we're in a valley. Uh it doesn't stick like you can't even make snowballs or snowmen or anything, it'll like come down and then like immediately melt basically.
SPEAKER_L: okay that same here because that's what we are is a valley valley but north of us of course in an hour away tons of it so that's at least the good thing is we're not too far
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: from it if you want to see it it's about an hour to one of the ski resort things or whatever so it's not too bad but mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I hope you don't mind if I smoke.
SPEAKER_L: No let me here
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: in your now.
SPEAKER_R: well it's a nervous habit um I figure we should try to go till 30 after just to be safe because uh they have a they don't have a wiggle room, it's 25 minutes. Absolutely, so I think we should try to go over that by a bit, you know,
SPEAKER_L: No that's fine. That is definitely finds how,
SPEAKER_R: and it's worked so far and they pay the same day, this is like the best study on prolific I've ever had.
SPEAKER_L: oh yeah I think the only thing I'm disappointed in is this round is less than the last round that they did. Yeah the last,
SPEAKER_R: Because this is my first time in it.
SPEAKER_L: okay so yeah so what they did is this one is paying like 15 something in pounds. But the last one paid 17 £50. So this is because this is my fifth this is my fifth conversation so I'm glad that they put it up to seven so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's my fourth one, it's my fourth one and it's kick ass. I mean uh prolific is generally really when it comes to making additional income because they can wait so long I have like 30 P sitting there that's just like in limbo
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: and it's like come on you guys like just just just do it like really?
SPEAKER_L: I thought isn't they thought they sent out something that they're now
SPEAKER_R: Children.
SPEAKER_L: like they have like 10 days or 12 days or something to prove
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: two weeks, it might even be three weeks, it's like they have a long time to go through the data and pay you and it's fucking annoying and I always I always get like I'll get to like 4 98 because I have like a I have a slightly old account so I have instant, I have instant payouts and stuff but you know what I'm saying so I'm like two pence away from being able to pay out and you're like come on so
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: what kind of I was gonna go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: no say so how long have you been doing prolific? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Wait I think probably like two years. Mhm. Though I though I take it and leave it because it pisses me off because I don't get paid. I use other services like I use Que Me too. And Que me is great because even though you don't get uh you get denied, you get screened out of a lot of surveys, cash out at any balance. And once you get like you finish a survey and it goes into your balance, you can cash it out fucking right. Then you can cash out 50 cents if you need to. Which is awesome. And it's really neat. Especially if I like need a couple of bucks for cigarettes or something. You know, you can just
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: like I can go and do you know spend like half an hour and get get five bucks and then cash it out. Done no waiting. Which is
SPEAKER_L: well that's good. Yeah I haven't had too many problems so with surveys and if I do usually I just sent him a message and being like hey was my survey accepted and usually they'll reply because they have to reply in 20 within 24 hours.
SPEAKER_R: I have um like a 92% acceptance rate. But
SPEAKER_L: Hello.
SPEAKER_R: I've had I've had just over over the time I've I've I've screamed out on accident before. I remember once I screamed out because I typed in my zip code wrong, and like as soon as I click the button, I was like, no, wait, oh shit. Because I pay I pay attention as, you know, as much as you can because nobody actually really cares about surveys. I don't think, you know, like you don't really deeply care. I pay attention and I do the things, but I have screened out and I've also had errors and I've had to return surveys because like I I had it happened twice in the last month where um I was approved for surveys and I took them and I actually didn't. No, like I like they thought I was a manager and I don't have managerial experience, and I was like, no, I don't uh I don't know why you think it's not even in my profile. I don't I don't know why why why you do this to me and it messes up my reputation. I'm prolific. But it's still generally really bad.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's one of the few because I've done a bunch of other ones, but the other ones I've kind of, I found out with prolific for at least me, I tend to get more surveys from prolific whereas everywhere else I don't get, I'm not qualified for as many, so
SPEAKER_R: I get a good amount but I'm I'm kind of a bad person and I don't like doing the ones that are like low, you know, I don't like if it's if it's under like 50 cents and if it's long, you know, I don't want to do it. I had one
SPEAKER_L: Got
SPEAKER_R: that was
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: in my hue for like days. That was a dollar 75 for half an hour. And I was like uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: oh donna.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: But I did I did I ended up doing it just, it would go away. But you know, I don't like really long surveys for for low pay because I do a lot of fucking surveys and it's it's my time. You know? So go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: you first.
SPEAKER_R: I was just gonna ask you what kind of stuff you're into.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no. Um well not too much. I mean, um I
SPEAKER_R: You're not into too much stuff.
SPEAKER_L: no, not really.
SPEAKER_R: How?
SPEAKER_L: I mean with Covid and stuff just kind of hanging out chilling. Um I have three kids, so kind of just doing
SPEAKER_R: The mom thing.
SPEAKER_L: mom's being, you know, so all that,
SPEAKER_R: Well, it's conceivable. That's a good thing to be doing.
SPEAKER_L: what's the responsible thing to be doing?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, I mean I I approve. But do you like do you have any hobbies or interests in particular?
SPEAKER_L: I'm not, not too much. We are my kids. So because of zoom and well, right now, at least with Covid haven't done too much
SPEAKER_R: Take
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: because there's not much to do and um prolific, Like not just prolific, but surveys and stuff tends to take up most of my time and kids to school and kind of doing all that stuff. So working it
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: out.
SPEAKER_R: since when do you do you do you just like watch a lot of netflix?
SPEAKER_L: Um, surprisingly, no, the one thing I have gotten into lately is uh
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: an old show, I don't know how old, but like the Goldbergs, I don't know if you've seen the
SPEAKER_R: Let me google it.
SPEAKER_L: it's a
SPEAKER_R: I'll have to see. I don't have to see it to know what it is.
SPEAKER_L: it's based
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: I haven't watched it, but I I might know what it is.
SPEAKER_L: that would have been uh streaming a lot, catching up on. It's funny.
SPEAKER_R: No, I have not. I don't even know who any of these actors are.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't know
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: what kind
SPEAKER_R: looks
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: like a
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: situational
SPEAKER_L: has become.
SPEAKER_R: comedy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it's based in the eighties. So the guy that wrote it, it's based off his childhood.
SPEAKER_R: It looks like early eighties. Like almost like late seventies ish.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So that's kind of where it starts off as, but it talks about because he calls his mom's mother, like she's very overbearing. So you're just kind of watching it and unbelief, but at the end they show
SPEAKER_R: Once.
SPEAKER_L: he keep videotaped his whole childhood almost, so he's re enacting things that he videotaped. So it's kind of funny to watch like, man, somebody had that crazy of a family, but it's fun.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I had a crazy family. I have I have the craziest family I could I will end up writing a book about it. I'm I'm I'm an author, published for prose and poetry and stuff mostly. But one day I will write a book about my crazy ass fucking family because they're out there. Uh My my parents were first wave punks. Um It's just, it's been a lot of insanity and mental illness, a lot of mental illness. But you know, that's just sort of goes these days. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Not sometimes think that we can help so
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, it's I mean,
SPEAKER_L: problem.
SPEAKER_R: I'm supposed to be like a sob story, you know, just like, oh my God, like I always hear people like my parents are so crazy. Like you have not even you have not even.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I know. So you said you grew up in Arizona from Australia?
SPEAKER_R: I have lived, I've lived other places. I've tried to live a handful of other places, but I always come back to Tucson because it's my favorite city in the world besides Bisbee Bisbee. Arizona is actually where I want to die. Like like when I when I get older like I want to, I want to die in Bisbee. It's a little copper mining art community town hidden up in the mountains. It's fucking incredible. But Tucson is, yeah, it's the most, it's really laid back. Like like all the, like I I lived in the bay, I lived in Portland, I tried going south and just the
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: modality of the people here are just really chill and laid back which is something that I'm into. Like it's kind of, I don't know, it's sort of like a slow a slow moving big city. It was one as I was in the bay two years ago, I think it was about two years ago now and it just drove me crazy the way that people are like out in the world, like everybody is so important and and like what they're doing is so much more fucking important than what you're doing and they just like run past you with their dog and like scowl at you and it's just like whoa man. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Tucson's really like stony, I don't smoke weed but it's really like a she'll like laid back kind of place you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No. Well that's kind of like where I live because I live in Las cruces, so it's a smaller city in New Mexico, but it's one of the bigger ones at the same time. But yeah, the same thing played back. Everybody's just, you know,
SPEAKER_R: chill
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: nobody's got any where everybody's got something to do, but they're willing to take their time to get there, you know? So and yeah, because I've grown, I've been all over and there's just nowhere like it, you know, they call this place the land of entrapment
SPEAKER_R: Travel.
SPEAKER_L: because whenever you leave you can't help it, you just want to come back because the people,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: lifestyle.
SPEAKER_R: what they say, that's what they say about Tucson. They call two people called Tucson a black hole you know because it just drags you back into it and I don't mind. It's it's hot but I like it better than any other city I've ever been in.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yes, same here, same here for New Mexico like and there's just something about, I don't know about Tucson but I know like here like there's a lot of clear skies, cleanliness, like lots of things to do outdoors. That is one thing I like to
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: do.
SPEAKER_R: you're if you're into that if you like, if you like hiking and because we're in a valley, there's mountains all around us and trails and stuff, I'm a bit of an introvert, so I don't really get into that sort of thing myself, but I've done it, I've done it about it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I haven't haven't done in a while. Kids kind of take up time, so it's but
SPEAKER_R: Oh I understand, I I raised a bunch of my nieces and nephews and I've also uh I was engaged to a woman who had a child out of wedlock and I took care of him for and actually to I took care of, I took care of a little girl for like a really long time because she was irresponsible and uh no it's not, it's not I don't like, so I don't want my my stories to sound Stobbe if they do come
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: out as kind of sad,
SPEAKER_L: no actually
SPEAKER_R: I'm not, but
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: I just
SPEAKER_L: our
SPEAKER_R: want you.
SPEAKER_L: understanding like like it's impressive because a lot of people, it takes a lot for somebody to take care of somebody else's kids. Like you know, you have to be a decent type of person to do that because most of the times people especially I have friends that do that and that have had the other people, they're not interested really in taking care of the kids, it's more they just want the relationship and they'll do whatever it takes, so, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Well the big one, the big one, I was the second person to hold that child because her that her actual father was out of state working
SPEAKER_L: Over
SPEAKER_R: and so like it felt almost like my child, you know what I mean? I held I was like new board, I still have a picture even though I don't talk to that that any of them anymore because we got separated but I still have a picture of me holding millie like like an hour after she was born and it was like an unbelievable thing for me. It was like my favorite child ever.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's awesome. That is definitely awesome. So like do you go to, so are you going to school at all for anything or I mean he said you're a writer and you do serve it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I do gig work and I t. So I I've always worked from home, I've always worked remotely, I I do uh my last gig which just ended I was working for facebook actually I was training a I to replace me. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it doesn't,
SPEAKER_R: Which is you know, not a big deal but it was a
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: which was what it was mostly it was um tagging posts like so I control what people saw on facebook and I I classified what things were using like a really complicated series of tags to train an ai to do it for me. It was pretty good money.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so was it something that was like pretty easy to do from that end from facebook or is it time consuming or is it just knowing programming or?
SPEAKER_R: No it isn't programming at all. It was just listening to music and drinking beer like I am right now. And uh look I mostly dealt with crime, true crime like uh murders and stuff like that because I have a I don't really have a delicate sensibility and other people didn't seem to want to do that. And so I dealt with all the, because apparently people use facebook
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: for news which is weird to me. But uh yeah I I tagged crimes as what they were and
SPEAKER_L: permission to the boy.
SPEAKER_R: they became they went on facebook and it was, it was like $13 an hour and you could do it, you can do it whenever you wanted.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, wow, that's awesome. Would it be something you would do again, like on a different scale?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, sure I've done. I my only problem is is uh I'm a bit mentally ill and I I can't work like a set schedule so I need to be able to work when I want to work because if I if I have to work at a specific time. So that's why I was a little antsy about this conversation because it's like I have to do this at two, you know what I mean? Like hopefully I feel well enough today to do this to or whatever, but it's not, it's something you're very nice.
SPEAKER_L: Well you are too and yeah, I get the whole thing because yeah, this morning my daughter decided she wanted to wake up at five in the morning, so I'm like, okay, well I haven't read it too, I'm like all right, I'm
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: age.
SPEAKER_R: I was up till three and luckily they actually sent me because yesterday I did one of these yesterday and they did not send me the one telling me when my appointment was. So I I got the email that you have a
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: conversation in 60 minutes and I got it eight minutes before
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: I had the conversation. No because I always have email up because I do all these surveys and stuff, but I just happened to check and refresh my email and oh shit I have to get oh I have to get up and talk to somebody. My conversation yesterday wasn't very good. Unfortunately he
SPEAKER_L: have,
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: sorry.
SPEAKER_R: go ahead.
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: Oh he was he was he was really shy so there's a lot of like a blank
SPEAKER_L: awkward
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: Thailand.
SPEAKER_R: yeah and I kept trying to like continue drag the conversation along and then you know like you raise something and he even says he's interested in and
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: then he just says like two things and then doesn't say anything else and I'm like okay, I'm gonna roll a cigarette. So so video games, you know, you know something come on brother, help me out, it's only half an hour. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: no, I've all my conversations, I've been kind of concerned, but I haven't had any thing weird, I've had a lot of people from new york so Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: had to from new york.
SPEAKER_L: that's crazy. Yeah, I've had three
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: from
SPEAKER_R: weird.
SPEAKER_L: new york, you're from Arizona and then I have one from California, but they were all very type A so I just let them like go for it, talk.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, conversation before last was a new york girl and she she was bubbly and she just you like mention the subject and she just talked and talked and talked and I was like, yeah man, fucking hell. Yeah, I agree. You know? Yes, then that's fine with me, that's that's all good. I have a lot of weird interests myself.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, so what are you interested do?
SPEAKER_R: uh metal working. Um I like I like have a maker, I make stuff. Uh So
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I used to, when I was young I used to think I was going to be an artist because I make artsy things, but now I just figure it's more like making because I don't do one specific type of thing. Like I'm a terrible painter, but I I do illustrations and I do I I own a skate company where um I make collages on the bottoms of skateboards with real comic book pages
SPEAKER_L: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: and then steal them with acrylic varnish. I don't have my board in here, otherwise I fucking show you, goddamn I need to bring my board in here. It's in the main house. Um Well, my father also made skateboard, he's dead. My father is dead. But he he made no it's it's not. He made skateboards too, and he made them out of a he made long boards out of vintage water skis. Like these. So like, they're like, they're like this wide and they're really long, they're like set 6.5 ft seven ft tall, solid hardwood, and like really fancy. And he like did crazy stuff with the grip tape and he put long board trucks on them. They're beautiful things to look at. I have like five because I got, you know, I mean, I I inherited all of this stuff, but they are really impractical to ride. Like they're just they're they're they're so neat. Like I have his board and I like want to hug it, but it's like, I can't really do unless I lived on the boardwalk. Excuse me. In California. I can't write it anywhere because it's seven ft long. Like you can't hardly turn around a corner with it. But I don't know. I do I do weird stuff, I do wood carving, I do um wire wrapping, I do whatever. I have a low attention span, so I need constant newness in my
SPEAKER_L: constantly,
SPEAKER_R: life.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, before I had kids, I was the same way I was constantly into things and building, making same thing, like trying to figure
SPEAKER_R: Speaking.
SPEAKER_L: out new things or why not? Since kids just kind of got a little boring and you know?
SPEAKER_R: Well, it's just have to, you have to prioritize what's important, you know? But you know, you should also do things for yourself. I know you're you're making money and you're looking after the kids, but you should do things to make yourself happy too and I know that the kids likely make you happy, but you know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well I mean for the most part of their pretty good, I mean they're not they're good kids and as far as like, you know, I think it's the balance of just realizing that I think for me, it's just time like making sure they're where they need to be and everything and stuff. So I'm kind of noticing that shift and stuff because my youngest isn't hinder, so she uh she's doing Kindle
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: right now, so but I mean, Covid, Covid stops a lot of things. I know, we just got to put on a two week lockdown starting tomorrow, so I'm like
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. I think that they should lock us down again. Like I never left lockout because I'm an introvert but with the rallies and stuff like all our cases have surged up really high and it's just like God, just stay in your house, wear a mask, wash your fucking hands, come on people, jesus. It's not a conspiracy. It's the millions of dead people like, come on.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so yeah, we're getting ready to do that and we don't really have a lot of rallies and stuff, but because so were borderline between el paso. El paso's an hour from us, but Juarez is 45 minutes from that, So we're like an hour and 45 minutes from the mexican border. So with everybody coming over and then everybody from el paso, you know, so it's kind of a mixture. People are spreading it because of all the hanging out. But then it's also coming from the border, a lot of um, um, either immigrants or people who go across the border for work or come here for work are carrying it and stuff. So there's numbers are tremendously high. But then we have a lot of people that transfer and work do the same thing. So they're also, you know, so it's just one of those things, it's like, okay, well, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Well, we're it's Tucson. So we are like half an hour away from Nogales, like we're like a border town essentially as well. So I feel that like I could if I if I were to just get in the car and drive we could be in Mexico in like 35 minutes, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So, yeah, so it's one of those things, so I don't know, I'm hoping something comes up or they figure something out and
SPEAKER_R: Well, the uh the vaccine, the vaccine is about to come out.
SPEAKER_L: well, I know that they're testing. I heard there's like six different no
SPEAKER_R: But uh
SPEAKER_L: being.
SPEAKER_R: but uh Fitzer Fitzer has and it's it's behind Bill Gates and there's no conspiracy. Bill Gates is actually a great humanitarian, an amazing human being. And I believe in I don't know, I would say probably in the next three or four months there's going to be a general vaccine. And I don't know if it's going to be, you know, accessible to everyone, but I have Medicaid, so I'm sure that I'll be able to get it and I'm gonna fucking get that shit first thing because I would like to be able to go to a bar again. I miss bars. I miss bars so much. I love bars. I'm not even just like they're like comfy, cozy places where you can go and sit and be left alone or talk to fucking weirdos. It's like my favorite social. I'm a bad person apparently.
SPEAKER_L: It doesn't make me a bad person. No. So yeah, I don't know. We'll see if they do come out with it. I think I want to give it like six months and I want to see how everybody reacts to it just
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: gonna get, I'm gonna get it first thing. I'm gonna fuck, I'm sick of being paranoid all the time.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. It's not paranoid. It's because like for I know for me a lot of vaccines I have to know what's in them because I'm allergic to a lot of stuff. So the vaccine, their stuff, their strains in and um some of the things, but I'm actually like allergic to like I ended up in the hospital when I was younger, so it's just
SPEAKER_R: robert.
SPEAKER_L: one of those things to figure all that out.
SPEAKER_R: that's sensible. I just I'm not allergic to fucking anything and I'm nearly indestructible. And
SPEAKER_L: Very
SPEAKER_R: so I just
SPEAKER_L: lucky.
SPEAKER_R: want to just just stick it in me. Just just just just give me give me the fucking potion because no, they just released the their current test results and it said fitzer said that they had over 90% over 90% like six at like immunity. So that's that is a lot more immunity than I have right now. This horrible if I can just see. So Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: is true. So
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: it is
SPEAKER_R: we we we actually passed it, we can talk for a little bit more if you want or we can stop it here.
SPEAKER_L: no it's up to you I mean I don't know if you've got anything better do if you want to finish up I'm not doing
SPEAKER_R: Um I I can recommend you a Youtube channel if you're bored. I just found it and I'm still kind of gushing about it because it's so cool. Um Well it's called Vagrant Holiday Vagrant Holiday. Um It's a single, it's a single dude and he travels around the whole world like on the super cheap and he like stealth camps like he like sleeps in bushes and stuff and doesn't buy food and he just does ridiculous over the top things that he should get arrested for. But doesn't he went to Austria, He was in Vienna in Austria and he climbed up to the top of a fucking cathedral. Like he just he's like filming all of this and he almost gets caught a lot. Um There's a prison island in Washington. It's like a it's a it's a, I can't remember the word for it, but it's where they put people where they can't put people back into society like murderers and really bad child molesters and shit like that. And it's this island and it's been there for a long time, they've had facilities on it for a long time. So there's one active prison, there's one shutdown prison and there's like all these abandoned houses and it's super illegal to go there. So he just rides a kayak to the island and just explores it. He like goes into the abandoned prison. He's like exploring all these abandoned houses with a big old flashlight and it's if it's just crazy and he has this dry kind of deadpan kind of wit, but it's a really
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: great I actually, when I found the channel because it's like in total like six hours of content, I just watched all of it in a row.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I was just blown away. It was so good. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_L: yeah I wrote it
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: down really. Check
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it out.
SPEAKER_R: will leave you with that recommendation and I as we could just end it here.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. But it's great talking to
SPEAKER_R: Wonderful.
SPEAKER_L: and I hope you have a good rest of your day and week and
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day as well. You keep it, keep it real. Maybe, maybe I'll catch you on the video again sometime.