Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. Mother, wow. Okay. Okay. Okay. You are. Uh huh. You're
not,
Uh, no. High.
Yeah, That's what I saw. I figured it was almost time. So I'm like, well, might as well just wait and
see.
Oh, no worries. My,
Well
at
least now we can verify it's somebody on the other end.
is it working?
No, you're good on this end.
My name is Jintao. I'm yours.
Nice to meet you. Where are you? Where are you are part of the,
okay. I'm in new Mexico.
Step for the most part.
no.
Oh yeah. I think the main difference between the two is that you guys get a way hotter than we do.
Oh my gosh.
No, here, I think it's been low seventies here for the most part. We were
in
the
eighties, we were in the eighties about two weeks ago and then it's been dropping slowly so but I don't know I heard that next week we're supposed to get back up into the eighties which I'm hoping that I'm kind of sick of the heat.
Yeah. Well at least in the rain we don't get that much rain over here so.
That's crazy.
Yeah wow. That's crazy. Yeah. No here yeah I don't think we got that much rain normally, like every other year it'll be like a light rain and then we'll get a little bit more this year and last year not so much last year. We didn't get any snow, we usually will get a little bit, we didn't get any. So yeah, we've been pretty dry here
All right.
Nice. That's funny. Yeah. I think the one time I remember I think it was like back in 2000 and six is when I remember snow from here that was like really really big snow like where they were closing down the highways and kids have snow D's and it's crazy because
okay that same here because that's what we are is a valley valley but north of us of course in an hour away tons of it so that's at least the good thing is we're not too far
from it if you want to see it it's about an hour to one of the ski resort things or whatever so it's not too bad but mhm.
No let me here
in your now.
No that's fine. That is definitely finds how,
oh yeah I think the only thing I'm disappointed in is this round is less than the last round that they did. Yeah the last,
okay so yeah so what they did is this one is paying like 15 something in pounds. But the last one paid 17 £50. So this is because this is my fifth this is my fifth conversation so I'm glad that they put it up to seven so. Mhm.
No
I thought isn't they thought they sent out something that they're now
like they have like 10 days or 12 days or something to prove
it?
So
no say so how long have you been doing prolific? Yeah.
and
well that's good. Yeah I haven't had too many problems so with surveys and if I do usually I just sent him a message and being like hey was my survey accepted and usually they'll reply because they have to reply in 20 within 24 hours.
Hello.
Yeah. It's one of the few because I've done a bunch of other ones, but the other ones I've kind of, I found out with prolific for at least me, I tend to get more surveys from prolific whereas everywhere else I don't get, I'm not qualified for as many, so
Got
it.
Yeah.
Okay.
you first.
Oh no. Um well not too much. I mean, um I
no, not really.
I mean with Covid and stuff just kind of hanging out chilling. Um I have three kids, so kind of just doing
mom's being, you know, so all that,
what's the responsible thing to be doing?
I'm not, not too much. We are my kids. So because of zoom and well, right now, at least with Covid haven't done too much
just
because there's not much to do and um prolific, Like not just prolific, but surveys and stuff tends to take up most of my time and kids to school and kind of doing all that stuff. So working it
out.
Um, surprisingly, no, the one thing I have gotten into lately is uh
an old show, I don't know how old, but like the Goldbergs, I don't know if you've seen the
it's a
it's based
on
that would have been uh streaming a lot, catching up on. It's funny.
Yeah. I don't know
what kind
of
it
has become.
it's based in the eighties. So the guy that wrote it, it's based off his childhood.
Yeah. So that's kind of where it starts off as, but it talks about because he calls his mom's mother, like she's very overbearing. So you're just kind of watching it and unbelief, but at the end they show
he keep videotaped his whole childhood almost, so he's re enacting things that he videotaped. So it's kind of funny to watch like, man, somebody had that crazy of a family, but it's fun.
Not sometimes think that we can help so
problem.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I know. So you said you grew up in Arizona from Australia?
Or
Yeah.
Yeah. No. Well that's kind of like where I live because I live in Las cruces, so it's a smaller city in New Mexico, but it's one of the bigger ones at the same time. But yeah, the same thing played back. Everybody's just, you know,
you know,
nobody's got any where everybody's got something to do, but they're willing to take their time to get there, you know? So and yeah, because I've grown, I've been all over and there's just nowhere like it, you know, they call this place the land of entrapment
because whenever you leave you can't help it, you just want to come back because the people,
the
lifestyle.
Oh yes, same here, same here for New Mexico like and there's just something about, I don't know about Tucson but I know like here like there's a lot of clear skies, cleanliness, like lots of things to do outdoors. That is one thing I like to
do.
Yeah. Yeah. I haven't haven't done in a while. Kids kind of take up time, so it's but
No,
no actually
I think
our
understanding like like it's impressive because a lot of people, it takes a lot for somebody to take care of somebody else's kids. Like you know, you have to be a decent type of person to do that because most of the times people especially I have friends that do that and that have had the other people, they're not interested really in taking care of the kids, it's more they just want the relationship and they'll do whatever it takes, so, you know?
Over
Oh that's awesome. That is definitely awesome. So like do you go to, so are you going to school at all for anything or I mean he said you're a writer and you do serve it.
Yeah, it doesn't,
I mean
yeah, so was it something that was like pretty easy to do from that end from facebook or is it time consuming or is it just knowing programming or?
And
permission to the boy.
Oh, wow, that's awesome. Would it be something you would do again, like on a different scale?
Well you are too and yeah, I get the whole thing because yeah, this morning my daughter decided she wanted to wake up at five in the morning, so I'm like, okay, well I haven't read it too, I'm like all right, I'm
age.
I think
what?
have,
sorry.
No
awkward
Thailand.
True.
no, I've all my conversations, I've been kind of concerned, but I haven't had any thing weird, I've had a lot of people from new york so Mhm.
that's crazy. Yeah, I've had three
from
new york, you're from Arizona and then I have one from California, but they were all very type A so I just let them like go for it, talk.
Okay, so what are you interested do?
Mhm.
that's awesome.
constantly,
yeah, before I had kids, I was the same way I was constantly into things and building, making same thing, like trying to figure
out new things or why not? Since kids just kind of got a little boring and you know?
well I mean for the most part of their pretty good, I mean they're not they're good kids and as far as like, you know, I think it's the balance of just realizing that I think for me, it's just time like making sure they're where they need to be and everything and stuff. So I'm kind of noticing that shift and stuff because my youngest isn't hinder, so she uh she's doing Kindle
right now, so but I mean, Covid, Covid stops a lot of things. I know, we just got to put on a two week lockdown starting tomorrow, so I'm like
Yeah, so yeah, we're getting ready to do that and we don't really have a lot of rallies and stuff, but because so were borderline between el paso. El paso's an hour from us, but Juarez is 45 minutes from that, So we're like an hour and 45 minutes from the mexican border. So with everybody coming over and then everybody from el paso, you know, so it's kind of a mixture. People are spreading it because of all the hanging out. But then it's also coming from the border, a lot of um, um, either immigrants or people who go across the border for work or come here for work are carrying it and stuff. So there's numbers are tremendously high. But then we have a lot of people that transfer and work do the same thing. So they're also, you know, so it's just one of those things, it's like, okay, well, you know,
Yeah. So, yeah, so it's one of those things, so I don't know, I'm hoping something comes up or they figure something out and
well, I know that they're testing. I heard there's like six different no
being.
It doesn't make me a bad person. No. So yeah, I don't know. We'll see if they do come out with it. I think I want to give it like six months and I want to see how everybody reacts to it just
because
Oh yeah. It's not paranoid. It's because like for I know for me a lot of vaccines I have to know what's in them because I'm allergic to a lot of stuff. So the vaccine, their stuff, their strains in and um some of the things, but I'm actually like allergic to like I ended up in the hospital when I was younger, so it's just
one of those things to figure all that out.
Very
lucky.
is true. So
it is
no it's up to you I mean I don't know if you've got anything better do if you want to finish up I'm not doing
Right.
No.
yeah I wrote it
down really. Check
it out.
Thank you. But it's great talking to
and I hope you have a good rest of your day and week and