story.
I didn't mean to jar you.
Uh, we're a little early. I just figured I'd drop, oh no, it's, we're right on time.
Don't,
don't mind my ridiculous headset. I would never own one of these. It's my brothers, but I couldn't get my bluetooth to work in the past two or three of these. So I'm using a USB headset that looks utterly ridiculous. So
it has glowing lights on it. It has glowing lights. What, what is that
for? How was
work?
Yeah, sure. I just have had a lot of audio issues before and I figured using a USB headset would eliminate that, you know, so
high. No, Yeah, everything's fine. Am I too loud or anything?
Okay, good. Everything sounds wonderful. Uh, what's your name?
I'm Griffin.
I'm an Arizona local. I've lived in Tucson Arizona for most of my life.
Oh, cool. I've actually only driven through new Mexico and the thing that I found remarkable about new Mexico is that it looks exactly like Arizona.
I just, yeah, I'm sure that there's different because there's weird parts like Eastern Arizona is all piney and
northern Arizona's cold ish. But in general I remember we were like halfway through New Mexico and there and I was like when are we going to be somewhere else? Like we've been in New Mexico for two hours dude. So you know, it's sort of just same sort of region anyways, you know?
Yeah, it's been miserable especially with the climate change. Like it's just now finally started to cool down like it was 95 last week
I'm wearing a hoodie, I'm wearing a hoodie and I'm really pleased that I can wear one. It's a good, it's a good feel to not be just super hot. I have two fans in here and only one of them is running things are things are on the up and up. Yes.
Well
that
sounds
It actually it rained day before yesterday for the first time in months and months and months and we were all astounded like it rained during the night. So I like came out I came out of my because I live in a like a guesthouse sort of thing and it came out and it was all wet outside. I was like oh like cold and magical. It was it was a beautiful feeling
Oh we we actually had the driest year in like Arizona history
because we normally have a monsoon season. I don't know if you guys get the monsoon season but we have a month. Yeah we have the monsoon season and they usually get big huge crazy rainstorms. We got like one and it wasn't even very big. It was it was actually pretty pathetic. It was like a really really dry year here.
snow. Trying to think
because it's I think it's snowed in Tucson three times in my life and one was sometime in the early two thousands. But the one that I remember the best is it snowed on, it was easter, it was my birthday, it snowed and I got a furby. It was a good fucking day.
Well it's it snows up on the mountains, on the mountains so you can go up to Mount Lemon and and there's you know like there'll be snow, there's probably I think there was snow like a couple of days ago when it got really cold but down here in the city because we're in a valley. Uh it doesn't stick like you can't even make snowballs or snowmen or anything, it'll like come down and then like immediately melt basically.
thanks.
I hope you don't mind if I smoke.
It's
well it's a nervous habit um I figure we should try to go till 30 after just to be safe because uh they have a they don't have a wiggle room, it's 25 minutes. Absolutely, so I think we should try to go over that by a bit, you know,
and it's worked so far and they pay the same day, this is like the best study on prolific I've ever had.
Because this is my first time in it.
it's my fourth one, it's my fourth one and it's kick ass. I mean uh prolific is generally really when it comes to making additional income because they can wait so long I have like 30 P sitting there that's just like in limbo
and it's like come on you guys like just just just do it like really?
Children.
It's
two weeks, it might even be three weeks, it's like they have a long time to go through the data and pay you and it's fucking annoying and I always I always get like I'll get to like 4 98 because I have like a I have a slightly old account so I have instant, I have instant payouts and stuff but you know what I'm saying so I'm like two pence away from being able to pay out and you're like come on so
what kind of I was gonna go ahead.
Wait I think probably like two years. Mhm. Though I though I take it and leave it because it pisses me off because I don't get paid. I use other services like I use Que Me too. And Que me is great because even though you don't get uh you get denied, you get screened out of a lot of surveys, cash out at any balance. And once you get like you finish a survey and it goes into your balance, you can cash it out fucking right. Then you can cash out 50 cents if you need to. Which is awesome. And it's really neat. Especially if I like need a couple of bucks for cigarettes or something. You know, you can just
like I can go and do you know spend like half an hour and get get five bucks and then cash it out. Done no waiting. Which is
I have um like a 92% acceptance rate. But
I've had I've had just over over the time I've I've I've screamed out on accident before. I remember once I screamed out because I typed in my zip code wrong, and like as soon as I click the button, I was like, no, wait, oh shit. Because I pay I pay attention as, you know, as much as you can because nobody actually really cares about surveys. I don't think, you know, like you don't really deeply care. I pay attention and I do the things, but I have screened out and I've also had errors and I've had to return surveys because like I I had it happened twice in the last month where um I was approved for surveys and I took them and I actually didn't. No, like I like they thought I was a manager and I don't have managerial experience, and I was like, no, I don't uh I don't know why you think it's not even in my profile. I don't I don't know why why why you do this to me and it messes up my reputation. I'm prolific. But it's still generally really bad.
I get a good amount but I'm I'm kind of a bad person and I don't like doing the ones that are like low, you know, I don't like if it's if it's under like 50 cents and if it's long, you know, I don't want to do it. I had one
that was
in my hue for like days. That was a dollar 75 for half an hour. And I was like uh
oh donna.
But I did I did I ended up doing it just, it would go away. But you know, I don't like really long surveys for for low pay because I do a lot of fucking surveys and it's it's my time. You know? So go ahead.
I was just gonna ask you what kind of stuff you're into.
You're not into too much stuff.
How?
The mom thing.
Well, it's conceivable. That's a good thing to be doing.
Yeah. No, I mean I I approve. But do you like do you have any hobbies or interests in particular?
Take
it.
But
since when do you do you do you just like watch a lot of netflix?
Right.
Let me google it.
I'll have to see. I don't have to see it to know what it is.
I
I haven't watched it, but I I might know what it is.
No, I have not. I don't even know who any of these actors are.
It
looks
like a
situational
comedy. Yeah.
It looks like early eighties. Like almost like late seventies ish.
Once.
Mhm. I had a crazy family. I have I have the craziest family I could I will end up writing a book about it. I'm I'm I'm an author, published for prose and poetry and stuff mostly. But one day I will write a book about my crazy ass fucking family because they're out there. Uh My my parents were first wave punks. Um It's just, it's been a lot of insanity and mental illness, a lot of mental illness. But you know, that's just sort of goes these days. Yeah.
Oh no, it's I mean,
I'm supposed to be like a sob story, you know, just like, oh my God, like I always hear people like my parents are so crazy. Like you have not even you have not even.
I have lived, I've lived other places. I've tried to live a handful of other places, but I always come back to Tucson because it's my favorite city in the world besides Bisbee Bisbee. Arizona is actually where I want to die. Like like when I when I get older like I want to, I want to die in Bisbee. It's a little copper mining art community town hidden up in the mountains. It's fucking incredible. But Tucson is, yeah, it's the most, it's really laid back. Like like all the, like I I lived in the bay, I lived in Portland, I tried going south and just the
modality of the people here are just really chill and laid back which is something that I'm into. Like it's kind of, I don't know, it's sort of like a slow a slow moving big city. It was one as I was in the bay two years ago, I think it was about two years ago now and it just drove me crazy the way that people are like out in the world, like everybody is so important and and like what they're doing is so much more fucking important than what you're doing and they just like run past you with their dog and like scowl at you and it's just like whoa man. Uh huh.
Tucson's really like stony, I don't smoke weed but it's really like a she'll like laid back kind of place you know?
chill
you know?
Travel.
that's
that's
what they say, that's what they say about Tucson. They call two people called Tucson a black hole you know because it just drags you back into it and I don't mind. It's it's hot but I like it better than any other city I've ever been in.
if
you're if you're into that if you like, if you like hiking and because we're in a valley, there's mountains all around us and trails and stuff, I'm a bit of an introvert, so I don't really get into that sort of thing myself, but I've done it, I've done it about it.
Oh I understand, I I raised a bunch of my nieces and nephews and I've also uh I was engaged to a woman who had a child out of wedlock and I took care of him for and actually to I took care of, I took care of a little girl for like a really long time because she was irresponsible and uh no it's not, it's not I don't like, so I don't want my my stories to sound Stobbe if they do come
out as kind of sad,
I'm not, but
I just
want you.
Well the big one, the big one, I was the second person to hold that child because her that her actual father was out of state working
and so like it felt almost like my child, you know what I mean? I held I was like new board, I still have a picture even though I don't talk to that that any of them anymore because we got separated but I still have a picture of me holding millie like like an hour after she was born and it was like an unbelievable thing for me. It was like my favorite child ever.
Yeah. I do gig work and I t. So I I've always worked from home, I've always worked remotely, I I do uh my last gig which just ended I was working for facebook actually I was training a I to replace me. Uh huh.
Which is you know, not a big deal but it was a
which was what it was mostly it was um tagging posts like so I control what people saw on facebook and I I classified what things were using like a really complicated series of tags to train an ai to do it for me. It was pretty good money.
No it isn't programming at all. It was just listening to music and drinking beer like I am right now. And uh look I mostly dealt with crime, true crime like uh murders and stuff like that because I have a I don't really have a delicate sensibility and other people didn't seem to want to do that. And so I dealt with all the, because apparently people use facebook
for news which is weird to me. But uh yeah I I tagged crimes as what they were and
they became they went on facebook and it was, it was like $13 an hour and you could do it, you can do it whenever you wanted.
Yeah, sure I've done. I my only problem is is uh I'm a bit mentally ill and I I can't work like a set schedule so I need to be able to work when I want to work because if I if I have to work at a specific time. So that's why I was a little antsy about this conversation because it's like I have to do this at two, you know what I mean? Like hopefully I feel well enough today to do this to or whatever, but it's not, it's something you're very nice.
I was
I was up till three and luckily they actually sent me because yesterday I did one of these yesterday and they did not send me the one telling me when my appointment was. So I I got the email that you have a
conversation in 60 minutes and I got it eight minutes before
I had the conversation. No because I always have email up because I do all these surveys and stuff, but I just happened to check and refresh my email and oh shit I have to get oh I have to get up and talk to somebody. My conversation yesterday wasn't very good. Unfortunately he
was
go ahead.
Oh he was he was he was really shy so there's a lot of like a blank
like
yeah and I kept trying to like continue drag the conversation along and then you know like you raise something and he even says he's interested in and
then he just says like two things and then doesn't say anything else and I'm like okay, I'm gonna roll a cigarette. So so video games, you know, you know something come on brother, help me out, it's only half an hour. Yeah. Yeah.
had to from new york.
It's
weird.
Yeah, conversation before last was a new york girl and she she was bubbly and she just you like mention the subject and she just talked and talked and talked and I was like, yeah man, fucking hell. Yeah, I agree. You know? Yes, then that's fine with me, that's that's all good. I have a lot of weird interests myself.
uh metal working. Um I like I like have a maker, I make stuff. Uh So
I used to, when I was young I used to think I was going to be an artist because I make artsy things, but now I just figure it's more like making because I don't do one specific type of thing. Like I'm a terrible painter, but I I do illustrations and I do I I own a skate company where um I make collages on the bottoms of skateboards with real comic book pages
and then steal them with acrylic varnish. I don't have my board in here, otherwise I fucking show you, goddamn I need to bring my board in here. It's in the main house. Um Well, my father also made skateboard, he's dead. My father is dead. But he he made no it's it's not. He made skateboards too, and he made them out of a he made long boards out of vintage water skis. Like these. So like, they're like, they're like this wide and they're really long, they're like set 6.5 ft seven ft tall, solid hardwood, and like really fancy. And he like did crazy stuff with the grip tape and he put long board trucks on them. They're beautiful things to look at. I have like five because I got, you know, I mean, I I inherited all of this stuff, but they are really impractical to ride. Like they're just they're they're they're so neat. Like I have his board and I like want to hug it, but it's like, I can't really do unless I lived on the boardwalk. Excuse me. In California. I can't write it anywhere because it's seven ft long. Like you can't hardly turn around a corner with it. But I don't know. I do I do weird stuff, I do wood carving, I do um wire wrapping, I do whatever. I have a low attention span, so I need constant newness in my
life.
Speaking.
Well, it's just have to, you have to prioritize what's important, you know? But you know, you should also do things for yourself. I know you're you're making money and you're looking after the kids, but you should do things to make yourself happy too and I know that the kids likely make you happy, but you know. Yeah.
Well.
Oh wow. I think that they should lock us down again. Like I never left lockout because I'm an introvert but with the rallies and stuff like all our cases have surged up really high and it's just like God, just stay in your house, wear a mask, wash your fucking hands, come on people, jesus. It's not a conspiracy. It's the millions of dead people like, come on.
Well, we're it's Tucson. So we are like half an hour away from Nogales, like we're like a border town essentially as well. So I feel that like I could if I if I were to just get in the car and drive we could be in Mexico in like 35 minutes, you know?
Well, the uh the vaccine, the vaccine is about to come out.
But uh
but uh Fitzer Fitzer has and it's it's behind Bill Gates and there's no conspiracy. Bill Gates is actually a great humanitarian, an amazing human being. And I believe in I don't know, I would say probably in the next three or four months there's going to be a general vaccine. And I don't know if it's going to be, you know, accessible to everyone, but I have Medicaid, so I'm sure that I'll be able to get it and I'm gonna fucking get that shit first thing because I would like to be able to go to a bar again. I miss bars. I miss bars so much. I love bars. I'm not even just like they're like comfy, cozy places where you can go and sit and be left alone or talk to fucking weirdos. It's like my favorite social. I'm a bad person apparently.
I'm
gonna get, I'm gonna get it first thing. I'm gonna fuck, I'm sick of being paranoid all the time.
robert.
that's sensible. I just I'm not allergic to fucking anything and I'm nearly indestructible. And
so I just
want to just just stick it in me. Just just just just give me give me the fucking potion because no, they just released the their current test results and it said fitzer said that they had over 90% over 90% like six at like immunity. So that's that is a lot more immunity than I have right now. This horrible if I can just see. So Yeah,
well
we we we actually passed it, we can talk for a little bit more if you want or we can stop it here.
Um I I can recommend you a Youtube channel if you're bored. I just found it and I'm still kind of gushing about it because it's so cool. Um Well it's called Vagrant Holiday Vagrant Holiday. Um It's a single, it's a single dude and he travels around the whole world like on the super cheap and he like stealth camps like he like sleeps in bushes and stuff and doesn't buy food and he just does ridiculous over the top things that he should get arrested for. But doesn't he went to Austria, He was in Vienna in Austria and he climbed up to the top of a fucking cathedral. Like he just he's like filming all of this and he almost gets caught a lot. Um There's a prison island in Washington. It's like a it's a it's a, I can't remember the word for it, but it's where they put people where they can't put people back into society like murderers and really bad child molesters and shit like that. And it's this island and it's been there for a long time, they've had facilities on it for a long time. So there's one active prison, there's one shutdown prison and there's like all these abandoned houses and it's super illegal to go there. So he just rides a kayak to the island and just explores it. He like goes into the abandoned prison. He's like exploring all these abandoned houses with a big old flashlight and it's if it's just crazy and he has this dry kind of deadpan kind of wit, but it's a really
great I actually, when I found the channel because it's like in total like six hours of content, I just watched all of it in a row.
I was just blown away. It was so good. Yeah. So
I
I
will leave you with that recommendation and I as we could just end it here.
Wonderful.
Yes, I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day as well. You keep it, keep it real. Maybe, maybe I'll catch you on the video again sometime.