are you just getting, I can set up yeah can you hear me? Okay?
I I cannot hear you. It's a real real staticky.
Okay. Yeah be quick. Good. Hi how's it going?
I'm good. It is a rainy gray day here in Salem Oregon. Uh But it's good yeah
and
that's where?
Has it started snowing there yet
little
they were talking
about it might it might snow around here uh this week. So listen
what's that?
Overall it's good. Just like this whole week it's gonna be raining pretty much all day and night so it's good sleeping weather though.
Yeah. So what have you been doing with your day today?
Oh that's
it's so
I am also going to be working after this. I have a small sewing in alterations business.
Yeah it's pretty cool. So making stuff, I'm actually working on a messenger bag for a friend right now. So um
I do it's pretty new. I just got started recently. I've never had a business before, so this this is also for me that I've been doing it, it's a lot of fun. Um
Something to do. I used to work in the corporate world for a long time and it's just it's so soul sucking. It it's just it's not a happy happy life. Um So now I'm able to do something creative and actually make a little money doing it, so
I
mean I'll take it.
Yeah.
No,
no, I'm actually working from home uh about my little sewing stations set up actually another corner over here. Uh
It's pretty cool.
Not
much.
Hey,
that counts. That counts. You start somewhere.
Yes you can and it works just fine.
What's your medium, is it
prison?
Mhm.
Yeah. That sounds cool. I'm
happy anytime somebody is doing art, making something creative, like just putting uh good enjoy out into the world and in a rough time.
Yeah. That's great. Okay.
Um And you said that you're full time is like an admissions counselor. That's cool.
Like what did they think that you're going to do for them at 1:00 AM?
Right. I am.
Yeah. It is, I feel bad for the ones that like they were so excited and then they didn't get to go to a graduation even.
hopefully.
Um It's not great. I mean it's it's that way everywhere but more people are getting on board with wearing their masks and you know doing the things that they need to do to protect everybody. Um But they're still um kind of a large community in this, in this area that are I don't need to wear no my ask for it,
you know, there's that everywhere, what do you do?
Um I think so. Um I have not looked at them recently because it's I mean just kind of depressing to follow the numbers if we just know they're going to go up for at least a little longer, hoping things start to work in the other direction soon.
Yeah, we'll see what happens. I I really do hope so. Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah, so
it sounds like you work a lot uh
lot,
yeah, it sounds like you have like a lot of lot of varying interests and stuff. That's very cool.
Yeah, I understand, I like to stay busy too. Uh huh.
Yeah. Have you done one of these chats before?
Okay, that's cool.
Uh This is like my bit their sixth one of uh they do this in a couple of rounds um a few times a year. Um So it's pretty cool insulated. Um You know just meet somebody have a good chat with them and you get paid for. It is not a bad thing either,
Anything like, I mean the first couple of times I'm like is this a real person, is this like set up um so far? I think it's real people. No. Uh Yeah. Yeah, I mean I've had I've met with people um one was in like near Seattle, I talked to somebody in Chicago yesterday,
I talked to somebody in north Carolina. So um you get to meet people from all around. I mean you you probably deal without admissions counselor,
you
know?
There
is.
that's
too.
Well she could have it. I'm originally from florida so yeah, I don't that's being
Jacksonville. Mhm.
Orlando
is fine.
I want the Orlando is a lot of fun to visit. There's a lot of fun things to do there. But as far as living there year round, you have your heat, you have your humidity, you have your bugs, you have your snakes, you have your gators, you have like your crazy people like
snake, got a lot of snakes, a lot of poisonous snakes. Um
Right. Um I mean you're you're probably not going to see that in in the middle of the city but just outside of that there's trees and what are, you know kind of around.
Don't do it. No don't do it
if you want the warm climate, I recommend southern California over florida. Um But then you've got your fires on the west coast of pros and cons no matter where you go.
Mhm. Um It depends probably where you are.
Um I don't know that the economy is different in in the south, so I don't know.
And they didn't always just hop on the road and get to new york when you need to I guess.
I guess it's better than, you know, double your mortgage.
Is you
got
another cat? He said? Yeah.
mm. Well it needs a friend so they can terrorize the house together.
so hopefully one day you come home and they're just snuggling together and work it out.
I
would think it would go the other way. That's interesting.
Mhm. Um I don't right now I used to have some cats um in the cat person uh where I live now, I have housemates were on a two story house and um so downstairs to my housemates there, they actually have nine little dogs. Um That's a lot, but they don't come upstairs were I live? That's good.
I
would love to when I don't live in a place that I have that there are also nine dogs. Yeah.
I definitely
can adapt.
That's
true,
that's true. I'd love to have one of those cats that's like when the adventure cap that goes with few places. Um
go
not
have an end.
Yeah, so I'm just saying it's not having that I guess.
Yeah. So other than into the city um mentioned new york click, have you been able to travel at all this year? Um anywhere else? Do? Like one
Thing?
We have
I guess
it gets
you out a little bit,
where,
where were you gonna go?
That's cool though, I mean it's, I think it's good to be hopeful that it's going to open back up and that we are going to be able to travel again one day,
I hope. Um Have you been to Iceland before
Kelowna? It's opened up in a lot of recent years, as far as tourism um specifically like in my area, there's a lot of like direct flights that were from Portland to Reykjavik. Um Yeah, for a while they were doing like, because they're just trying to get more people uh they were like paying for your hotel if you'd come to Iceland. So a lot of people are going to Iceland is like a quick stop and then on to their final destination because they just, they were saving a lot of money. I don't know if they're still doing promotions like that. Um It might
be worth
looking
in to save
money
as it might be worth looking in to save a little money when you're ready to travel.
Let's
go.
That's cool.
Mhm. That would be cool. I could definitely use some more stamps on my passport next
year, you know? Mhm. Okay.
Um I have not yet. I want to, I've only been to Mexico so far. Um I want to get out and travel more. Um you know, as I have the opportunity to be good until then just travel the U. S. And check out what we got here.
I have not yet. I've not been to that region. I've been all across the south, some of the midwest and of course the pacific northwest and let's coast all that good stuff that still still have to make it to new york. It's on my list.
No.
I get that. Um it was that way in Florida. There's still so much that I've never seen. I was there for 27 years and I only went to Miami one time. I've never been to the Keys. I've never been to a lot of the things I get that was
yeah, us is it's so kind of situation there, but I've never heard of anybody that's gone to Key West that hasn't had like the best time ever sort of here. A lot of fun things to do.
I used autonomy,
definitely. Disney's fun. I like the universal parks um a little better. I think that it's just personal preference. Mhm.
What?
if you have kids, Disney is the way to go. Um I don't
have
kids.
Yeah, that's fair, that's fair.
gosh, that makes sense. Yeah. I never liked roller coasters until I went to um Islands of Adventure and I I got on the hulk I thought I was going to die. Um but I didn't and it
was actually a lot of fun.
I have not been to six flags and now um I
think
that's the worst, like at
least let me prepare
for it.
yeah, I can understand that. Uh I didn't get on one for many years because the first thing ride that I was on was at a local fair that had come to town. It was, you know, the boat that kind of rocks back and forth that eventually like some um I was probably 10 or 11 and I got on this ride and my bar wasn't locked down so the votes rocking back and forth and I'm like clinging onto this thing
for deal because I really would have fallen out. So I didn't get on any rides for a few years after that, you know,
And now when I do it's like, I'm checking everything like pushing on the bar, trying to see if anything is gonna move or um you know, because I don't want to fall out. That's not a good
time.
I just avoid the ones with the lap bars. If it's got a shoulder harness, I feel a lot safer. You're
not flying
out
of that. What's that?
I've not done those yet. I mean I would, you know one time, check it out.
Yeah, I guess
I would
imagine.
How were you like or you did you have like a shoulder harness? Say
Thanks.
Why?
Yeah, that's cool. I can go in any direction looked after me that doesn't bother me. I don't like the ones that are like Tower of terror that you just drop straight down. It's not that it's scary as much as it just makes your stomach not feels great, you know, going that fast in that direction.
But
Mhm.
Good for her. She can have that one. Yeah.
interesting.
It's interesting what people, you know like and don't like when it comes to that because they they should all be scary would think if you're done into it. But so uh
Yeah. Yeah that you're gonna put me on a plane somewhere fun. Mhm.
Not all get in any time. Yeah. Um What's your cat's name?
That's
so cute.
I love it.
General.
White Catherine. That way
based.
Well I mean aren't we all that way? Let's be real feed
me. I like you a lot better.
Mhm. I think we're actually getting close to our time as I will to go. But it was really nice chatting with you.
Um Good luck and you know your cupidity of it all and with your cats um
Youtube.