Oh Oh
yeah, can you hear me?
Mhm. I'm sorry.
It's going good. How are you?
yeah it was raining earlier here. I'm in South Jersey,
so
South Jersey. Yeah.
No not
yet covering
them.
Oh my God. Well the weather,
How's the weather?
Yeah it's like the cozy weather
uh just working. Um I'm an admissions recorder so I do a lot of the zoom calls anyway
talking to students and all that.
What about you?
Oh that's nice.
Do you have your own business like?
That's interesting.
That's
good.
Yeah that's really good.
Um Did you like working
offices like all day?
That's good.
I tried selling ones.
I didn't it didn't go well.
Yeah my mom loves it. She makes me dresses, she like make a lot of stuff and then she'll like tell me to learn and I'm like I made a mask. Yeah I didn't so it properly but I made it she's
like all right
yeah, can I just use glue to just glue it as long as a whole.
I actually started my own business too. Um But it's more like an Etsy page at first so I'm just doing like resin artwork. Yeah.
it's just reason for now
we'll use alcohol inc um michael powder so it's just like making little key chains. Um I
stopped advertising because like work got in the way I'm like uh got to get back into that,
you know?
Yeah. Yeah. I try.
Yeah.
So just talking to students counselors all day every day. Yeah. I love when students like text me at like 1:00 AM like no I'm off I'm off duty.
I don't know, I got a text last night, it was like around 10 saying Oh I just sent in my transcript. I'm like, I didn't reply because like I'm not gonna go on my computer to check if you really sent it in already.
So I just wait until this morning. I usually just reply back as soon as I wake up so they don't feel like I'm ignoring them. But I get it. High school students are having it really hard now.
graduation prom. That's really sad. I just hope next year is better.
Yeah. How is Covid there?
john
Are the numbers high?
I'll play.
Okay.
Yeah.
So
I mean, I try to keep myself busy because I get bored really easily so I just keep doing something. Either work, go on my business. Well no, I haven't done that in a while. I shouldn't say I'll try to keep something busy. I'm trying to start like maybe a photography licensing, get my photography license. Um, I tried real estate license, but it's expensive. You know, this
whole Covid, it's tough.
Yeah, I just like to not sit in one spot, just know it keeps me busy, you know?
Yeah.
No, not like one on 1. I did do like a group session, but that was probably earlier this year where um, we have to watch like some kind of show and then discuss it with a group. So that was like a while ago.
What about you?
Yeah. I never actually had a one on one. So it was, it was weird, like some one on one conversation. Like, okay, what do I talk about?
Well,
no,
no,
I actually only do Jersey, pennsylvania
and
Delaware, so I only meet those from those three states. That's it. Yeah.
So I
don't get to like travel much outside cause when they have to go to florida, my bosses on it, she's like, nope, I'm going
What would walk our?
I love Orlando, I
went there twice
or three times already. It's just Disney World and Universal Studios.
what makes?
in Orlando, I did not know that. I thought it would be probably like me in Jacksonville or Tampa,
I was actually talking to my husband and I'm like, can we move to florida? It's so nice. No,
what?
and it wouldn't be more expensive to live in California.
What?
Yeah, because we, I'm originally from new york, so we just moved to Jersey last year and we, because we couldn't afford anything in new york, I spent like 24 years in New York, so my parents still live there, the living in um in their apartments. So when we looked up like apartments, like houses were like, we can't afford it. So we just moved to South Jersey because it's the same like mortgages, the same restaurant up in new york. So.
Yeah, we didn't move a little far, it's about two hours, but it's not bad. We go like every other week because he has his family. Um I have my family, so it's not that bad.
Yeah, no, definitely. Like I don't think we'd be able to have our own place, especially with Covid and like our pays were decreased by a lot, so we wouldn't have been able to afford it impulse. We got another cat, so that's expensive.
They're
like,
I already have one. Um and then after seeing one, my husband's like maybe we should get another one, like a kitten. So we got another kitten and then that's expensive. Food is expensive like okay no more for now.
They just they can't stand each other crazy. Yeah.
Um They did in the beginning um before they were neutered, after they were neutered uh they lost it and started hating each other for some reason. I don't know why, but it's
just
that's what we thought too because we didn't necessarily need to neuter them because they're both boys and um we're like okay maybe it'll help like one of their anger problems now, it just made it worse. Yeah. Do you have any pets?
well you should get a cat. Cats
are the best.
I mean I was like,
although
the cats can start acting like dogs,
you
can start working.
my god, I put a leash on my kitten and he just fell over.
He just said nope I'm not going
anywhere
no. Yeah and it's it's not even heavy, it's just like a very light leash. And he just he runs when he like here's food with a leash on but when it's time to walk he's like no I'm just gonna lay here, you could drag me.
Yeah one day 1 day
we had
plans to, well we did go to Washington D. C. For my birthday. Um But we were kind of done with Washington D. C. And one day so we just stayed over at the hotel and then came back the next day. So
it's a really much travel. Yeah.
Do you
see it?
Yeah just just a little bit. But we were planning to um like we're trying to plan like to go all over the states to see like different states at least. Um we didn't have any like like plans this year, but we're thinking about like maybe overseas. Yes
and I had like off and then he had off but then Covid
uh we were thinking Iceland and then um either that or paris, well I wanted to go to paris hidden so but back and wait
one day.
No.
my
mom
marjorie
was there,
I'm sorry?
there is um this island off of Italy that's paying people to live there
for
I think 123 years, I forgot what it is, but really just live there, you get your business running there because they want to expand the population so you can look into that if you like Italy
and I'm sure your designs, it is gonna like if you open up a shop in ITaly people will love because I know how italian is. Italian people are with like designs and like all those clothes.
What kind of movement
do you visit? A lot of countries?
Yeah. Have you ever been to new york?
No, because It's weird because
I've been a resident there for like over 20 years, but I have not seen like tourist destinations because you live there, so you'll think like one day I'll just pass by it.
we wanted to do the keys to, but I think the hotels are expensive.
well that's cool. Hopefully when things do go down, uh we're still going to go back to florida, at least when it does really
just want to get back to Disney world.
because it's more things to do and then Disney's
like more kid ish, So
I
mean,
I'm a kid, I I consider myself a kid.
Well, I'll love to go to Disney. But yeah, I do like universal. Um it's just a 40, right? Because I hate roller coasters. So 40 rides is like my best friend.
Wait,
So you never went to six flags?
Well
if you do go to new york, definitely stop by Jersey and go to six flags and if you ride el Toro, I'm sorry, it's going to kill you, but they don't live at the end. My friends lie to me. They told me it's nothing.
they
if nothing,
get them there and then I look at him like, why is it making that sound there? Like it's just really old by the end of the ride, I'm like, that's it. No more rollercoasters.
footmen.
that makes sense.
No,
no, just me. I know how you feel. I always make them lock me to the tightest where I can't move. If I can't move, I'll feel safe. But it still scares me. I hate roller coasters. Unless it's not like the big ones, the kiddy roller coasters, I'll do like 100 times. Yeah,
There's a standing
up
one,
There's a standing up one.
They said it's not that bad. Well for like my friends it wasn't that bad because you're standing up so you don't really feel it as much. I felt it, especially
the
job.
I felt it. They didn't
so you're standing up and it's like a top thing that just comes down and you have to hold on here. But it's just that first drop your whole body is dropping. So when you see it you kind of like freak out a little. but
they when it goes upside down you
don't feel it. So that was that was the only part that I didn't mind.
my mom loves that. She
I think it was six flags, they had that tower um
but it was a parachute so you're basically sitting in a basket, they take you all the way up high and then they just drop you, I'm screaming my mom said again so we have to go again.
but then she doesn't like roller coasters, she just likes
that job.
no I like something that I know the ground is right here and I can't fall off and break my head.
Yeah.
Logan and Casper. Yeah I well Logan people think because of Wolverine but it's really because my childhood crush, his name was Logan Henderson from big time crush.
So
Nicole audience.
Yeah so his name is Logan and then Casper because he's all white with blue eyes. Yeah.
Mhm. He's a he's a devil, he might look like an angel with like oh the white, he is the devil.
Yeah. Uh huh But he's
only three. If you offer him food then you'll be like ok I'll be nice to you.
that's true.
Mr Yeah.
Yeah you too.
well have a nice day