SPEAKER_L: mm. Good morning.
SPEAKER_R: warning.
SPEAKER_L: How are you today? Oh
SPEAKER_R: I'm good. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm doing pretty well. I like that art on the wall behind you. Cool.
SPEAKER_R: thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Very colorful. Oh it's an elephant. That's beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Is that India indian inspired?
SPEAKER_R: I believe so. Yes, it's a tapestry. So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: My name is jay, what's your name
SPEAKER_R: my name is julie,
SPEAKER_L: julie? It's nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you too.
SPEAKER_L: Do you have any plans for the weekend?
SPEAKER_R: No, same as every weekend since Covid, you know what
SPEAKER_L: and when they.
SPEAKER_R: are my plans? Um uh Yeah I've done a lot of cleaning and a lot of purging of stuff and you know taking new classes and stuff like that. But no. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah no plans for the weekend. Um We've managed to get out for a hike um one weekend. That was nice. But you know we try and avoid going out and doing anything when we did the hike we went very early morning and we were able to avoid like crowds by like nine a.m. We were done and that's when they're where people starting
SPEAKER_R: Help.
SPEAKER_L: to fill up the parking lots and stuff so we're time that pretty well. But nothing for this
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: agree?
SPEAKER_L: weekend I don't think
SPEAKER_R: Are you what state are you in?
SPEAKER_L: um in Virginia right now. Northern Virginia just outside of Tuesday. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm I'm in Wisconsin and uh we are I guess third or fourth in the nation leading new cases of Covid.
SPEAKER_L: I believe that is correct,
SPEAKER_R: And I talked to my daughter because two of the other states are California and texas. And I said now look at the size of those states and the size of us, we have a big problem and we're mostly rural, you know, which you know it makes sense even Illinois, it makes sense for them with Chicago, Chicago is just blowing up but we don't have a Chicago, you know, Milwaukee, but that's not anywhere near
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: the size of Chicago.
SPEAKER_L: Malaysian wise right, It's no Chicago,
SPEAKER_R: And I live in a county where I live. The town I live in is 5000 people and where the county seat, so were the biggest town in the county and we're still rising like crazy. It's ridiculous.
SPEAKER_L: it's concerning. I'm really I'm really worried about the schools and in this area there I think like next week um going back for kindergarten and then they're planning on bringing first graders back, I think the first week of december, but they're so close to the like they say if the cases rise above X number for the county and if we have X number of you know um positive students within the district um we'll have to rethink the plan and potentially move back a phase which would push all the teachers into only virtual, but we're like literally I think nine people away from hitting that number and we still have this weekend to get through before they are supposed to be going back. I just, when you're that close, I don't see how it makes sense to say like, oh yeah, let's change everything for these young kids who have just started getting used to doing the virtual stuff. Let's throw him back in a classroom when we're five people away from saying all right, let's roll it back to bird should live, You do that, you're five people like, let's just say we're being, you know, too quick to try and move ahead, let's be patient and wait, you know, it's scary and frustrating. It feels like there isn't anybody reasonable making these decisions, you know? Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Do you
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: have thanksgiving plans this year? Is it going to affect your holiday?
SPEAKER_R: it's completely going to affect my holiday. My parents called a couple weeks ago and said we're not doing thanksgiving and I live where I live is the town that my brother, so I got divorced three years ago after 25 years of marriage,
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness.
SPEAKER_R: 25 rather shitty years of marriage.
SPEAKER_L: mhm Well I'm glad horse then.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly and I so I moved um and I moved where my brother was because he has two boys. They're really close to my daughter. I mean
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: they're all three, the little the three musketeers.
SPEAKER_L: we hear this.
SPEAKER_R: And so we were going to do thanksgiving up here, but I don't even know if I want to do that because
SPEAKER_L: we were
SPEAKER_R: my 16 year old nephew is still hanging out with his friends and I'm diabetic. So I'm high risk. I told my daughter, I mean we've been having a lot of issues with the online school thing. Um My daughter actually failed two classes for the quarter and I'm a former high school english teacher. So that does not sit well
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: with me.
SPEAKER_L: believe it, yep.
SPEAKER_R: And um so I told her, I said you're stuck with me. I mean until these numbers start to go down, you're done socializing. And I said this has nothing to do with punishment. Although there are other things that have to do with, you know, losing restrictions and such for punishment because it's just not OK. But I said this is strictly covid related. I'm like we're together and I said you're going to spend 24 7 with me, we're gonna clean and purge and get rid of stuff and she's just like oh that sounds fantastic, you know? Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: I was actually really looking forward to thanksgiving this year, it's gonna be the first year my mother was going to come to my house, I I've been cooking turkey since I was like 16 or 17, we used to go to my grandmother's house, like for a big extended family thanksgiving and my grandmother was getting older and so my father started cooking a turkey to bring over, so she'd have less to do and one year I said, hey pop maybe I could cook the turkey and he was like, yeah, jim, if you wanna you wanna do that work, you know, it's less for me, that sounds great and so I made one and I fell in love with it and I've been cooking turkeys I think ever since. Um but she had come down to like my house to have one. It's always been like, I'd go up there and cook. And so this year we were planning on her coming down to Virginia because we're originally from pennsylvania, but I told her like a month ago, I said I'm sorry mom, I don't think it's smart, I think we're gonna have to wait maybe next year, you know, do thanksgiving. Yeah. It's just not worth the risk. I am also high risk. I have uh an immunodeficiency disease. It's a like a chronic kidney condition. So my immune is just a little bit out of whack. And so might also have to be very careful.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Yeah, I think uh we will end up canceling christmas. My daughter had my ex and I don't communicate, I mean I communicate with him, he ignores me and he still it's an ego thing. I mean I'm the one who left him and blah blah blah. So he contacted my daughter and said you know are you coming for thanksgiving? And I and I said I don't think that's a good idea, I'm not going to allow that. I know that you have, I'm not trying to take away his visitation, but let's let's shift these cups this week to somewhere else. And he said, well, good after christmas would be fine. And I'm like, I don't think we're going to do christmas. I don't think
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: christmas is in the picture. I said, how about summer? You
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: that's more reasonable. I don't, you know, like, and even that we can't be saying anything definitively for summary we hope that we have it under control by then to be able to do some more of the things that were restricted on now but if we're not smart and we aren't patient it's going to be even longer you know and that's why we should wait on this school stuff. This doesn't make any sense to me.
SPEAKER_R: No. Well when I called the school the other day because we have three options we have in person and we have virtual, which means their aunts online during school hours attending classes, but online and then we have on demand, which means you can complete the work anytime you want to.
SPEAKER_L: See
SPEAKER_R: So my daughter has been in the virtual and she has gotten enough tardiness and truancy ease in that we got a letter from the Police Department saying that we will, we are going to get a citation. Well, again, I find it absolutely utterly ridiculous that you can be truant from your bed. Like she's online a lot of times. She's like, oh, I didn't turn on my web camera or
SPEAKER_L: Not.
SPEAKER_R: you know, I had to go to the bathroom and so I was marked tardy. So anyway, I called the school and I said, this is not working, we need to change her to on demand. And they said, well, you know, all the kids who failed, we made them go to virtual. And I said, well, she's done virtual and it's not working. So let's try something else,
SPEAKER_L: maybe there's something that'll work.
SPEAKER_R: you know. Exactly. And she said, and the vice principal said, well, what about in person school? And I was like, no. And she said, well, what are your reasons for that? And I was like, I have one reason and it's covid, right,
SPEAKER_L: And their health?
SPEAKER_R: That's it. And I said, and she's like, oh, you know, because so many percentage of the kids come to school. And I said, well, that's great. She's not doing it and I'm high risk and it's not happening. I said he's out for Covid. She would go to school every day
SPEAKER_L: Bring
SPEAKER_R: and we wouldn't have a problem with being truant because we fell asleep in our bed while we were attending class. You know, it's just so funny that she like, what are your reasons? And it's like, well, what the hell do you think my reasons are?
SPEAKER_L: No that's a that's that's
SPEAKER_R: You know,
SPEAKER_L: that's weird mm that's
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: is. And I, for me, um, I took two trips this summer and so I feel like I have been so lucky and so blessed that I'm not going to tempt fate anymore. I'm staying put.
SPEAKER_L: Where did you where you travel to?
SPEAKER_R: Well, I traveled, my final destination was Spokane Washington, which is 24 hours away. Um, took a long, leisurely trip the first time through North Dakota, the Badlands Montana, which I've wanted to go to Montana forever.
SPEAKER_L: I am.
SPEAKER_R: And then, but the crux of it is um,
SPEAKER_L: It is
SPEAKER_R: after I've been divorced for, I guess about 3.5 years and during Covid, I went on a virtual chat. I've never been in a chat before. It was a facebook group and I met a guy.
SPEAKER_L: that's cool. So cool.
SPEAKER_R: she, um, he was moving and he was having back surgery and we were talking and being from becoming friends and then we kind of went to, okay now, I think I might want to be more than friends. And so I decided in the middle of the night, one night
SPEAKER_L: please do.
SPEAKER_R: that I was going to go to Spokane because
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: I was going to, I wanted to meet him in person before things went down a certain road too far. You know, because it's one thing to video chat, it's another thing
SPEAKER_L: To
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: see
SPEAKER_R: be
SPEAKER_L: it,
SPEAKER_R: standing in front of someone and feel help their energy and
SPEAKER_L: Here
SPEAKER_R: all of that. And so I did that and we kid and say that we had a five day first date
SPEAKER_L: doesn't
SPEAKER_R: and our second date was 14 days and uh yeah, it's been crazy. I mean he the other day when it was 11 11 um you know, that's I'm all into spiritual stuff. So 11 11 is an angel number and they say that it was the most powerful manifesting day and he's like, guess what I did? And I'm like, what? And he goes, but a ring
SPEAKER_L: whoa,
SPEAKER_R: and I was just like what? And he's like, you knew it was coming. And so he is literally um sending me the ring and we're going to do a proposal on video checks.
SPEAKER_L: That's cool. Really cool. That's amazing, congratulations,
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: That's great. I'm so happy for you, I'm so happy to hear that. Something I'm good came out of this hole.
SPEAKER_R: So, yeah, Yeah. I mean, something good. I I was, and the funny thing is for both of us. I mean, so I quit my job during Covid. I was working to start job at the probation office. Um, it was a fine job, but it was too many people and I was too scared. And so all of that. And then I started taking courses and mediumship and tarot card reading and that kind of stuff in any way. Um, That's kind of what I was like, okay, why not go into a chat room. And so when we started really talking, I mean, I had at that point decided that it was okay that there was not going to be anyone else for me. And then I was okay with that. I had made my peace with that. And I said, it will happen for me in the next lifetime. I had too much to work through in this lifetime. And I worked through being married to a narcissist and very verbally abusive, emotionally abusive. I recovered from that. I've broken that Karmic connection so that next time around, I don't need to, we're through that, you know? And so, and he said he had been looking and he had stopped looking and he said, like he said, I've cussed you out so many times saying, hell are you,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: I'm waiting for you, where are you? You know? And he said, I had given up that hope, like, he's always wanted to be married, he's never been married. Um he said, I had just kind of given up and that's when we met. And so when I tell people, like, people are like, oh, what can I find love? And it's like you have to love yourself, like you have to love yourself so much. Thank you, give up the idea of finding someone else and that you say, you know what if I have to spend the rest of my life with me, that's that's fine, I'm more than enough, I'm more than interesting and I have good friends and I'm gonna, you know, whatever, I'm going to have family, but it's like until you, I feel like for us, I mean it was both at the point when we're like, okay, this is not going to happen for me and that's okay.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like that's very common. I feel like I've heard that from a lot of people that that's when they finally meet that person that they're like, oh my God, I've been looking, you're the person I've been looking for and it's not until after they get to a point where they're comfortable maybe never meeting that person and being alone or not even because that's not really an accurate description because we all for the most part of friends and family and co workers and acquaintances and neighbors, you know, No man is an island, right? But I kind of felt the same way right before I met. Um My wife, I thought I really thought that I would never get married. I never thought I would meet anybody. Um I take marriage very seriously. I thought if I do it, I'm doing it for life, most part, unless something really bad happens and we, you know, like, but even then I want to try and work through it. Um And when
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: agree.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, when I finally got to a point where I was like, well, okay, maybe I was right, maybe I just will never meet anybody that I click with that well. Um and then we met and we've known each other for a long time and I had a crush on her all those years ago, but she was She was like 15 and I was like 18 and so I was like that's not really okay. But apparently she had a crush on me all those years ago to and then I did when I was like 28 or something and you know, she had finally finished college and we were in a better spot and it worked out, but it was right after I was like all right, well, if it's just me that's okay, you know?
SPEAKER_R: yep, it is crazy like that and I mean, I didn't what he told me, I didn't have this experience for me, it was more of a gradual thing, but the day before we had met and chad he had looked at a comment that I had made on the site and had clicked on my little icon and he said that he literally heard a voice say, there's your wife.
SPEAKER_L: Whoa,
SPEAKER_R: And so he was kind of in a mode where, you know, he's kind of like hall,
SPEAKER_L: that's strange. Right,
SPEAKER_R: there's my wife, okay, I'll wonder
SPEAKER_L: who's
SPEAKER_R: why
SPEAKER_L: she?
SPEAKER_R: she's my wife or
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: where she is or you know, and so I said to him, so when I came into the chat unexpectedly for the first time, he'd been in this chat for a couple of months. If he was just like, oh my God, there she is. You know, like holy crap. And I said, well what were you going to do? What was your plan? And he's like, I don't even know, I didn't even know what my plan was. I didn't know whether I should send you a
SPEAKER_L: Message here,
SPEAKER_R: a message saying like hi you want a chance sometime or you know, and we were both so like for the first four days and I mean it's super funny in retrospect because it was four days, but it's like we're going to be yeah we're going to be friends, I'm looking for friends and I said, you know, I move really slow in relationships and typically I do, I mean I'm not going to say I love you for like six months. I'm certainly not gonna drive across the freaking country, you know, in week two or whatever. Um But I don't know I today I guess this weekend I am going to tell my family my daughter, my parents are not going to be happy with me, they're going to think I've lost my mind.
SPEAKER_L: Because it's a like started online.
SPEAKER_R: It started online and because it's quick, you know? But the thing is I dated
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: my husband, my ex for almost five years and so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, more time doesn't necessarily mean more information or a better assessment
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: of the relationship.
SPEAKER_R: no. And the thing is I spend more time talking to my boyfriend, liam
SPEAKER_L: Now all right.
SPEAKER_R: and I then I ever spent talking to my husband. I mean I was young and stupid, you know, and now I'm older and wiser and I mean, I know so much more. I mean my husband was not a talker, you know, so I know so much more about him and I and I also know that that is something incredibly important to me.
SPEAKER_L: Right. That's
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: the other
SPEAKER_R: I can't sit with you every day as my friend, my husband, my boyfriend, my whatever, if I can't sit with you every day and we're like this, okay, A little bit of silence, comfortable silence. And then hey, that, that like, that's important to me. I need that,
SPEAKER_L: same.
SPEAKER_R: you know, it's great to have comfortable silence. But I mean my ex and I like everyone would tell us when my daughter was little that, you know, go out and take some time to yourself and you know, get away, we've sit at a restaurant, staring at each other and looking around and I'd be like, well, is there anything you want to talk about or? And he said, you know, and he'd be like, no, I'm good. And I finally said to him, I said,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: you he's like, I don't have anything to say to you. I've already said everything there is to say.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: And I said, do you mean tonight or forever? And he's like, forever. Like, there's nothing left to talk about. And to me that was just like, it made me want to cry like, what do you mean? There's nothing left to talk about?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No that's incredibly depressing. That's yeah that's a huge red flag something, something's not right here. You know, we should be able to talk and we should be able to like you were saying sit with a comfortable silence for for a couple of minutes but also converse I can't imagine ever even thinking like oh I don't have anything I want to tell my wife today. Like I always you know, she's my person, she's I any any news, anything I hear that I'm like that's interesting or cool or funny. She's the first person I think I want to go tell, I want to tell her, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and that's how it should be. But you know when I met him, I mean, I was 22 when I met him and he was 40 and he had been married twice before. And I mean now in retrospect, I completely see the pattern because his story was, oh my second wife just one day up and left me, there was nothing wrong, she just packed up and left. Well, I believed that then I was like, oh my God, that's so sad. You know
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: can she?
SPEAKER_R: and my empath
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: bullshit. Like, oh my God, and now, in retrospect, I mean, I'm sure that's what he says about me, everything was really good. And one
SPEAKER_L: great
SPEAKER_R: day julie just decided she was leaving and he was dating within two months and he got married um about seven months after the divorce was final. He got married again for the fourth time. And it struck me, I mean, what came to me was that old quote about insanity means doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. And it kind of changed me because it's like, I'm not going to live the same thing over and over again and call that a life. Like if I'm going to do it ever, I'm going to do it differently.
SPEAKER_L: mhm Yeah, and try and try and be better than the last time, that's what it's all about.
SPEAKER_R: God, you know, you're just like, oh, I'm alone. I mean, his thing is he can't be alone. He thinks he can, but he can't, but he doesn't want like his person, he wants somebody in the chair, right? It doesn't, I mean this is my perspective, but I don't think it matters who that somebody is.
SPEAKER_L: just some
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: some
SPEAKER_R: a body, he needs a body friends. And it's like, and I said
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: with his current wife, I mean, it's like it was all, you know, everything was wonderful and he told my daughter that, you know, all his other marriages have been mistakes and and this is the one that's going to stick. And my daughter is a wise old soul. And I said, well, you know, honey, he said the same thing about me 25 years ago and I said it's not bullshit in a way because when you marry someone, you have to feel like that if you don't
SPEAKER_L: work
SPEAKER_R: feel like that there's something wrong but but it's not gonna last. And I mean the last time she went down there was some big fight that they had Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Whatever. And I'm just like, yeah, you know, he was being a typical asshole because he's very just like you're such a bitch, you're so stupid, you're so worthless. You know? And it's like, okay,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, well I send you I send you love and light. You know, I've gotten to the point where I have forgiven him and I know that it's what I had to go through in my life. And if I had to go through that um glad it wasn't worse, you know? Right?
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: So it's like good, I hope you find some happiness in your life. If getting married over and over again is
SPEAKER_L: write what
SPEAKER_R: drink.
SPEAKER_L: you want.
SPEAKER_R: Play them. You know what? Go for it buddy. And then at the time it was like not going to happen to me. That's not going to happen to me and then it's like boob Yeah baby. It is going to happen to me.
SPEAKER_L: You never know
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. So you know,
SPEAKER_L: pete. All right, I think we're about at our 25 minutes we have a
SPEAKER_R: Are we
SPEAKER_L: yeah my time are saying I'm at 29 a half I think um it was very nice to chat with you julie. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to chat with you too.
SPEAKER_L: I hope you enjoy the weekend. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I hope you do too. And good luck I stay safe.
SPEAKER_L: You too, thank you. Right