mm. Good morning.
How are you today? Oh
I'm doing pretty well. I like that art on the wall behind you. Cool.
Very colorful. Oh it's an elephant. That's beautiful.
Is that India indian inspired?
My name is jay, what's your name
julie? It's nice to meet you.
Do you have any plans for the weekend?
and when they.
Yeah no plans for the weekend. Um We've managed to get out for a hike um one weekend. That was nice. But you know we try and avoid going out and doing anything when we did the hike we went very early morning and we were able to avoid like crowds by like nine a.m. We were done and that's when they're where people starting
to fill up the parking lots and stuff so we're time that pretty well. But nothing for this
this
weekend I don't think
um in Virginia right now. Northern Virginia just outside of Tuesday. How about you?
I believe that is correct,
mean
Malaysian wise right, It's no Chicago,
it's concerning. I'm really I'm really worried about the schools and in this area there I think like next week um going back for kindergarten and then they're planning on bringing first graders back, I think the first week of december, but they're so close to the like they say if the cases rise above X number for the county and if we have X number of you know um positive students within the district um we'll have to rethink the plan and potentially move back a phase which would push all the teachers into only virtual, but we're like literally I think nine people away from hitting that number and we still have this weekend to get through before they are supposed to be going back. I just, when you're that close, I don't see how it makes sense to say like, oh yeah, let's change everything for these young kids who have just started getting used to doing the virtual stuff. Let's throw him back in a classroom when we're five people away from saying all right, let's roll it back to bird should live, You do that, you're five people like, let's just say we're being, you know, too quick to try and move ahead, let's be patient and wait, you know, it's scary and frustrating. It feels like there isn't anybody reasonable making these decisions, you know? Mhm
Do you
have thanksgiving plans this year? Is it going to affect your holiday?
Oh my goodness.
mhm Well I'm glad horse then.
No,
we hear this.
we were
I
believe it, yep.
I was actually really looking forward to thanksgiving this year, it's gonna be the first year my mother was going to come to my house, I I've been cooking turkey since I was like 16 or 17, we used to go to my grandmother's house, like for a big extended family thanksgiving and my grandmother was getting older and so my father started cooking a turkey to bring over, so she'd have less to do and one year I said, hey pop maybe I could cook the turkey and he was like, yeah, jim, if you wanna you wanna do that work, you know, it's less for me, that sounds great and so I made one and I fell in love with it and I've been cooking turkeys I think ever since. Um but she had come down to like my house to have one. It's always been like, I'd go up there and cook. And so this year we were planning on her coming down to Virginia because we're originally from pennsylvania, but I told her like a month ago, I said I'm sorry mom, I don't think it's smart, I think we're gonna have to wait maybe next year, you know, do thanksgiving. Yeah. It's just not worth the risk. I am also high risk. I have uh an immunodeficiency disease. It's a like a chronic kidney condition. So my immune is just a little bit out of whack. And so might also have to be very careful.
No.
that
that's more reasonable. I don't, you know, like, and even that we can't be saying anything definitively for summary we hope that we have it under control by then to be able to do some more of the things that were restricted on now but if we're not smart and we aren't patient it's going to be even longer you know and that's why we should wait on this school stuff. This doesn't make any sense to me.
See
Not.
maybe there's something that'll work.
And their health?
Bring
No that's a that's that's
that's weird mm that's
so
Where did you where you travel to?
I am.
It is
that's cool. So cool.
please do.
That's awesome.
To
see
it,
Here
doesn't
whoa,
That's cool. Really cool. That's amazing, congratulations,
That's great. I'm so happy for you, I'm so happy to hear that. Something I'm good came out of this hole.
But
I feel like that's very common. I feel like I've heard that from a lot of people that that's when they finally meet that person that they're like, oh my God, I've been looking, you're the person I've been looking for and it's not until after they get to a point where they're comfortable maybe never meeting that person and being alone or not even because that's not really an accurate description because we all for the most part of friends and family and co workers and acquaintances and neighbors, you know, No man is an island, right? But I kind of felt the same way right before I met. Um My wife, I thought I really thought that I would never get married. I never thought I would meet anybody. Um I take marriage very seriously. I thought if I do it, I'm doing it for life, most part, unless something really bad happens and we, you know, like, but even then I want to try and work through it. Um And when
I
yeah, when I finally got to a point where I was like, well, okay, maybe I was right, maybe I just will never meet anybody that I click with that well. Um and then we met and we've known each other for a long time and I had a crush on her all those years ago, but she was She was like 15 and I was like 18 and so I was like that's not really okay. But apparently she had a crush on me all those years ago to and then I did when I was like 28 or something and you know, she had finally finished college and we were in a better spot and it worked out, but it was right after I was like all right, well, if it's just me that's okay, you know?
Whoa,
that's strange. Right,
who's
she?
And
Message here,
Because it's a like started online.
Well,
Yeah, more time doesn't necessarily mean more information or a better assessment
of the relationship.
Now all right.
Right. That's
the other
same.
What?
Well
Yeah. No that's incredibly depressing. That's yeah that's a huge red flag something, something's not right here. You know, we should be able to talk and we should be able to like you were saying sit with a comfortable silence for for a couple of minutes but also converse I can't imagine ever even thinking like oh I don't have anything I want to tell my wife today. Like I always you know, she's my person, she's I any any news, anything I hear that I'm like that's interesting or cool or funny. She's the first person I think I want to go tell, I want to tell her, you know? Yeah.
How
can she?
It's
great
mhm Yeah, and try and try and be better than the last time, that's what it's all about.
just some
some
well
work
Mhm
What?
yeah,
write what
you want.
You never know
pete. All right, I think we're about at our 25 minutes we have a
yeah my time are saying I'm at 29 a half I think um it was very nice to chat with you julie. Thank you.
I hope you enjoy the weekend. Mhm.
You too, thank you. Right