SPEAKER_R: Hello,
SPEAKER_L: Hello,
SPEAKER_R: you see me okay,
SPEAKER_L: yep. You hear me this
SPEAKER_R: How's it going?
SPEAKER_L: good, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Not too bad. So where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: I'm from Long Island new
SPEAKER_R: Long
SPEAKER_L: york.
SPEAKER_R: Island? Is
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: there is it particularly cold right now?
SPEAKER_L: a little bit? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But unseasonably warm here the past couple of days and then today it drops down to 50°
SPEAKER_L: Uh Where are you?
SPEAKER_R: in Northern Wisconsin.
SPEAKER_L: How scenario? Shelly? Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I see you've got quite a few instruments.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Oh yeah, I got three Guitar is over there. Uh one is uh electric acoustic, an electric and acoustic. Um But only one of them is actually mine though because uh my mom and my brother also played and then they stopped and then they gave it to me because I was playing. So yeah, you do any any music? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Unfortunately. No I got myself of a guitar a few years back with the intention to learn potentially possibly even teach myself and life. Like I picked it up every so often strummed, it tried to really learn everything and I don't know maybe my brain just can't wrap around that.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Uh If you ever interested, there's a really good website song stir with two hours and that's good because you can play the tab. Uh and it'll like play the music because sometimes when it's just the tab you're not really sure like how you're supposed to play
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: it, but
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: then so it's really helpful.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I have to check that out. Yeah. Like because any time I've tried finding someone to help outside of official expensive lessons uh it's a little more difficult because I'm left handed. So I had to buy a left handed guitar and that was, it was interesting to try to like find one because apparently they're not very common. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I got to be tough,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and trying to get someone to help teach you know like a right handed person to teach a left handed person how to play its I mean you know you hold something if you're used to holding something with your right hand you try holding it with your left, it feels uncomfortable, it doesn't feel right. So I can only imagine teaching someone to play is confusing.
SPEAKER_L: it's funny uh even though like right handed is more common when I first went to tune my guitar, the first result on google images for the guitar strings was for left handed guitar
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: and I broke my strings because I was tuning it to the wrong. But I know now. Right?
SPEAKER_R: man. That had had to kind of suck, especially just right when you're tuning in. Just apple. Uh Oh man. Yeah and I know pretty much next to nothing about instruments when it comes down to it. Like I love music music theory and just about any genre to be honest. But as far as knowing the more specifics of obviously how to play instruments, my brain just could not.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Always impressed when people know stuff about like music theory and things, because I've seen videos of people talking about it and it just goes like way over my head. I have no ideas like mhm
SPEAKER_R: like like I'm the same. Like I I understand a lot of the basics, but I've watched somewhere they go into like, like real music theory, the people that study this. And I'm like, that's interesting. I'll get back to you if I actually figure what you're talking about.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, they go crazy
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You can always tell when someone
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: really knows and is passionate about what they do because they yeah. For most other people just way over your head.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I remember a video of like two musicians who really talented jazz musicians and they were they were like communicating with each other, but by never saying like actual words there are like, you know when the song goes and then they play something, he's like, yeah, yeah. And then you do this and it's like what is going on?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My two best friends that know like have like inside jokes and stories and everything and just like remember when and they're like, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, you're just like, what are you talking about? Remember when? What? Yeah. No,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's fun to see that though because like, you know that there's a real connection of a real understanding.
SPEAKER_L: The power of music.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean they always say that that's a universal language and it really is. I mean I listen to foreign music all the time. Do I understand anything they're saying most of the time. No, but it's still some of them still get you. You know, you still so resonates you play anything other than guitars base.
SPEAKER_L: Um I don't play it as much, I was actually trying to I got into wood crafting and stuff over the quarantine and I was trying to make and Karina out of wood but it turned out to be pretty difficult uh
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: yet to succeed, but
SPEAKER_R: I say I can imagine those those are they seem Conflict complex instruments to begin with, let alone manufacturing one.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's getting like that, the angle to get a whistle noise out of it is pretty hard. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Not as straightforward as other wind instruments. It's different.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so you've been passing time with quarantine and stuff?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Every once in a while my brother actually lives next door and he does a lot of carpentry and woodwork. So when you mentioned that it's like, yeah, I go out and we'll be in his garage every once in a while building. Either bed frames dressers, table, what have you? Uh He's laid up for a little while because he had to have surgery on his knee. so that's fun. Um But otherwise, yeah, I try to like really just hunker down on either hobbies or interests because I mean, no one is going to have more time to dig into those than we do now.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: know, who always like mike like right now would be an ideal time for me to pick up and learn guitar because I'm not going to have any more time now or later than I do now to really work with it. So, you know, someone's always wanted to paint cool, do it like you got time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, a big thing, it's the online a lot is baking people baking stuff.
SPEAKER_R: more
SPEAKER_L: I tried to make my own bread uh came out pretty good. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, as I say, it's a it's actually like baking. I don't know, there's something about it, like when it comes out nice, even moderately nice. There is a sense of accomplishment. There were just like I made that,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's nice.
SPEAKER_R: you know, especially if it's from scratch and not a, not a mix that's that's even more impressive.
SPEAKER_L: Mm I hope your brother's knees. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: so far he's more just limping around and he shouldn't be he should be using his crutches but stubborn but can't force them to because I can't say I would be any better. I'm not as
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: as active as he is but I still don't think I could not walk you know having your your leg straight all the time. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: It's tough,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's going to have it like that for approximately six months. Oh and all I did was I don't remember specifically
SPEAKER_L: Many
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: he went to a trampoline park with his kids that's it like and and injured it's like mm
SPEAKER_L: I will do it. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah apparently he's getting old and he's younger than I am. I don't I don't wish that kind of pain on anybody though. Mhm. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: so outside of like music anything else you do to occupy your time during all this crap? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: has got done playing tennis with my dad
SPEAKER_R: Please.
SPEAKER_L: has to do with that um and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: take my dogs for a walk.
SPEAKER_R: That that's like that's the one thing that I kind of actually miss having is an outdoor pet. Like, personally, I don't know if I have that kind of energy left in Me too to care for a pet, but I do miss having that that responsibility that, you know, if you have a pet that gets you up every time a certain time of day to be let out or food or whatever, like it keeps you on a sort of rhythm light. And if whether it's nice outside or not, and you need the dog to go for a walk, it forces you to go out and kind of forces you to keep a normal routine and right now any sort of sense of normalcy is definitely welcome. So yeah. But yeah, I think you got a pretty good having having a dog in that sense.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Do you have any pets?
SPEAKER_R: I used to my ex and I had six cats. Yeah. Um none of them outdoors, so that didn't help. But cats wouldn't be on the leash anyway because I don't like that. But uh No like when we first got together we had two dogs and and they were great, but her roommate had moved out and taken one of them with her and that kind of change dynamic a little so and then the age old story of life gets in the way, and finances and everything. We had to adopt a dog out. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: you're mentioning like it's nice to have the like routine, but uh it's like a lot of energy and stuff. My brother got into fish keeping fish. And the nice thing about that is uh he described it as like the default state of fish is dying
SPEAKER_R: It is to come.
SPEAKER_L: because like a it can be so like frail sometimes, so it's not like it's still a responsibility, but it's not like a terrible and I still have that routine and get
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: to work.
SPEAKER_R: like a step up is is like cats Because realistically cats are pretty self sufficient. I mean I had six cats. Um you know, you got to clean their box and every once in a while make sure they've got food and water. But realistically they exercise themselves, they clean themselves and if they really want to they can feed themselves. Like you really don't packed into too much like dogs, some are pretty self sufficient, but for the most part like you do you have to go, you know, let them out or bring them for walks, fill their bowls, all that stuff. And it's like nah cats, cats are like just a step up from fish in responsibility and energy wise. It's weird. But yeah, like like you said with fish they are they're very um like alive or dead. That's about it like.
SPEAKER_L: he said he gets things for like the ph the like a city, uh all these different things and then it will be like, oh, it has like a tumor, there's nothing you can really do. And it's just like,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Fish. Are you sure are weird like that? I I did have one that was I mean just like your standard goldfish and it was weird. It was resilient, it didn't want to die
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: because there was a time where like we had it for a while and then we, we took care of it like normal and we were gone for a couple of days. We came back and the fish, we weren't sure if it was that or not, it looked like it was still alive. We don't stand there for like an hour waiting to see it, do anything. So we're like, okay, well, we'll leave it be and if you know, it starts just distinct or it's very obviously dead, then we'll take care of it and life work, all that stuff, you get busy and you forget that you are going to check on this and about another couple of days ago by before we realize that like, it still hasn't moved. So it was like, it's bedtime, so we're like, okay, well, we'll get up and do it in the morning next morning, vicious fine movement
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: was like, it hadn't moved for almost an entire week and now it's a lie and then jumped to some months later. It like literally looked dead. It looks like if you've ever seen uh like ocean waste from dead animals, that if they're in there long enough, that they start to yeah, I guess disintegrate. Instead of being hold, they start to wither and get more and in paper like and they spread out and that's what our fish looked like. It looked like it was instead of saying a solid fish, it was slowly turning into a flat what was once a fish, you know, like the skin and scales first. Like, okay, this is definitely dead. We we go back no sooner. I'm like, why? Why don't you like, I swear our fish died like half a dozen times before it actually
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: died.
SPEAKER_L: fish
SPEAKER_R: I've never seen a goldfish live that long. Goldfish are like the stereotypical two week pet before you're like, yeah, okay, we'll get you a new one kid, you
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: know, flushed down the toilet bowl thing. But this one lasted probably like a year like, okay.
SPEAKER_L: It's like a zombie goldfish.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that was, that was her nickname for his, like a zombie, your undead, like, okay, you do you. It was probably the strangest pet actually had and it was a fish.
SPEAKER_L: Cool. That's weird. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: what sorts of music do you play?
SPEAKER_L: Um I do a lot with the classical guitars. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yes,
SPEAKER_L: My classical music of
SPEAKER_R: select
SPEAKER_L: as
SPEAKER_R: TSL style
SPEAKER_L: uh T. S. O.
SPEAKER_R: trans Siberian orchestra.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I don't know any of their songs and guitar, but I did them in orchestra. I used to be an orchestra for like junior high high school. Um but I do finger picking like the song I'm learning right now is a theme from a video game Door Fortress. Um
SPEAKER_R: Iraq.
SPEAKER_L: I don't do as much with the electric guitar though. Uh huh
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah. No, because he said that and my mind like classical, but my mind immediately went to like their style because they take like a lot of christmas songs and classical songs from way back when and kind of put this rock emphasis on them. They use guitar, violin, stuff like that. And my mind never goes to actual like, orchestral music and guitar, like being associated, you know, violins and harps and stuff like that. Guitar always feels more on the hard side of music when you think orchestra. I'm like, no, no. If you, if you know how to play it, like, you could have that lighter symphony for an orchestra.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah the classical guitar stuff um has that like orchestral kind of sound. Um My school did go to a trans Siberian Orchestra concert at one point which is nice. They go really crazy with the lights and
SPEAKER_R: I'll say, yeah, you can't have been the one and you can't, you can't really have a lot of health issues, particularly with lights
SPEAKER_L: I thought
SPEAKER_R: and yeah, because I mean immediately years, like, whoa, okay, that's a lot. And I'm like, you at this point, you probably understand that like, you can see videos of those doesn't do it justice. Like it really for those experiences, it's very dull by comparison because the lights are 1000 times brighter and everything is just, I don't know, chaos, but not chaotic. Not, not like in a negative way, it's just just a lot.
SPEAKER_L: Like experience have
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: to be
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: just a lot there to take in all at once. So anybody that has problems with uh uh I can't think of the right term,
SPEAKER_L: epilepsy here.
SPEAKER_R: No, but like, there's certain people that have, like, social anxiety, so they can only be around so many people at once, especially strangers, and then there's certain people, like, there's sensory overload is what it is, and the people that that if they can't handle that do not go to those, because that is pretty much all it is the sensory overload.
SPEAKER_L: Right. A nice though. It's very energetic.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. You know, it was, I don't know if I could do that on a regular basis, but it's definitely like, fun, invigorating and just enjoying the experience. Every once in a while.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Do you do any other concerts and stuff?
SPEAKER_R: I've been to a few uh My first really odd, like I like all sorts of music, I'm not a huge country fan, but it's weird to think that because my very first concert was a George michael Montgomery concert, which is straight up country, like older country. Um I've been to uh oh, I can't, I think of the name now they're from, I'm gonna say they're from the Chicago area. Originally racking my brain, I went to one of their New Year's Eve shows down at the hard rock in Chicago
SPEAKER_L: Hm
SPEAKER_R: because I was actually a lot of fun. It was it wasn't like a huge venue, it wasn't like this big massive concert like T. S. O. Because that was in an arena. Um
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: But it was it was fun, it was more kind of like a personal thing because it was back home where they're from. And don't know I haven't been to too many actual concerts but it's nice. I've I've wanted to go to some um And there was one not too far from me couple years back that was my ideal like this was some years back but when I had like Lincoln Park Dragon Force like some top of the line alternative and rock bands there and When I found out the admission price is just to go to the show let alone two. But it was there was an admission to get in and then there was admission to the concert themselves like a bear had a fair And and just to the admission to get into the fair was like 200 bucks like um Just to get in the nasa pay extra for the concerts not to mention you know food and all that stuff like you have to pass like I really want this but that's a lot of money like For
SPEAKER_L: can be expensive.
SPEAKER_R: yeah for a day. No, no I'll wait.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I've done too much in the way of concerts. Uh There's a lot of the stuff I listen to is like random artists on like SoundCloud and stuff, so they don't really do like concerts, I'd like to go to one. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah like I mean it's just kind of the same with Gso where I don't think had new concerts all the time but but more for favorite artists or um just that every once in a while experience of just being out and enjoying the experience more than for any specific artist. Um I actually now that now that I remember it, my brother and I with a couple of years was it Christmas of 18, we went down to Madison for lindsey Stirling concert. That was
SPEAKER_L: out of your videos.
SPEAKER_R: yeah that was that was incredible. Didn't get to meet her, that would've been cool. But I don't know. Again another one of those where you just like in awe of just the experience of being there. That
SPEAKER_L: she
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: does like mix of classical with like rock kind of
SPEAKER_R: yeah on on violin and I mean the best part, like the one thing that I still admire about her is that she was on America's Got talent and was denied right?
SPEAKER_L: I didn't know that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. She, she was on and she never even made it to the finals I think. Um, and she didn't make it through specifically was stated that there's no market for that type and that like for entertainment and music and that. Um, especially not for solo, you know that her style would be best suited in a group because violin and yet here she is like she went over to Youtube started just making videos for the music and stuff and I mean multiple albums years later multiple tours like she's like a huge success in terms of what initially amounted to a failure, you know kind
SPEAKER_L: What surprised
SPEAKER_R: of like uh huh
SPEAKER_L: a surprise with like some of the stuff that gets passed on on that show, but you even get rejected?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean you know, you think back to like american idol and how many of the winners are still making music and then you have some of the runner ups that got music fields and some of them aren't even really making music anymore. And I mean within the past number of years, I think even some of the semifinalists have gone and made albums gotten deals. Why? But I mean, but that's solely music as far as the got talent because that's not just music, that's everything. I don't see too many make a real career that's known out of their talent.
SPEAKER_L: I've seen a video, I think it was by Sasha Baron Cohen um talking about how like it's not so much about talent but like entertainment value. Um
SPEAKER_R: Exactly.
SPEAKER_L: So he does he goes like undercover and he makes up this whole character who's like extremely patriotic and uh is like I can't even remember how it was just like a really quirky character and like it was working because it wasn't so much that he's a good singer, but it was like he had an interesting back story.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The entertainment side of it and yeah, like I've seen, I've seen a lot of acts on Got talent shows where like from a personal perspective, I'm not interested in that or it's like okay, that was mediocre from a standpoint of all the other contestants kind of thing. What? But there's just something about the person, like their personality and their entertainment that like sits well with you and it was just like, like you want to see them actually succeed because they have something there that that that entertainment factor, they might have no talent,
SPEAKER_L: That,
SPEAKER_R: but but that's beside the point, like, there's some people that just essentially need to be in that industry, you know? Like that's they always say that like there's certain people that have a face for camera or need to be on radio because they just have that voice that resonates with people, certain people have that innate ability to be funny, you know, for for comedy, some people just have entertainment. Now. You see all these videos of people being able to paint things out of absolutely nothing and it's like, so that's where all the skill went. Yeah. It's like, good for you though. Like that's amazing to be able to do anything like that. Like those people just need to be in those certain industries. I mean, think of where we'd be if Hendricks never picked up a guitar, like lot of things would be different.
SPEAKER_L: Hm. Yeah, definitely not for me, only certain people have that like kind of
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, No, I've seen people like craft things out of wood and I'm just like, or, or like chocolate and sugar where it's like, um, what? And
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: I'd love to be able to have any level of talent like that. But some of them just dumbfounded bye by some people's William Layton. I don't know if I'd want the pressure of continually succeeding at that and all the attention garnered from certain avenues when
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: that's the, I think those things like uh probably people that started at like a super young age start.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. That's, it's definitely possible that some of them started really young, I don't know, have a creative mind, but I don't know if I have the, the coordination to do a lot of it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: everyone's got their the calling. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And that's something I tell people all the time when I'm chatting online, is that like I have this desire to do something especially creative, I don't know what that medium is yet. Like if it's painting, drawing, writing, making games, just anything within a creative medium, like I have no idea yet, but don't not try to look for it
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: do you do career was
SPEAKER_R: right now, honestly nothing, everything is kind of at a standstill
SPEAKER_L: right, that's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: also with quarantine, I'm
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: in the same boat.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so it, so it sucks, but at the same time, like it gives me time to self reflect and really dig deep on real passions, not pleading hobbies, you know, like I have various interests in almost everything, but some of them are more just like it would be cool and then some of them are like, no, I really like this and it's going to stick with me for a while. Like when I, when I was younger, I mean I actually wanted to be a musician, I wanted to be in a band and play, which is another reason that sparked me getting a guitar and just the desire to learn something and then I was like, even though I'd still love to learn guitar or any instrument, it's more just the experience of learning than gaining anything from it, you know, just like there's some people that have a love of learning like they don't care what they learned, just they love to learn. I think just learning different skill sets regardless of your mastery level. But I always tell people a jack of all trades, master of none kind of things like yeah, I want I want I want everything but I don't want to turn most of them into a career. It is fun to do with new things.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, I feel that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And that's been kind of helpful with all this quarantine because and I can actually explore all that stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's good. Mhm,
SPEAKER_R: I try to utilize my time in a semi productive manner.
SPEAKER_L: mm. To keep routine. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: exactly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's good. Um was she the best of luck? Thank
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You too.
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: And hopefully uh hopefully for both of us that will turn around soon with with jobs and income and and for the world at a whole. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: fingers
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: crossed.
SPEAKER_R: right. Yeah. I fear that I was talking to someone and I fear that this things may turn back to some kind of normal after, but I don't think this is ever going away. I think there's obviously variables here, but with Covid, I think we're in it for the long haul and it's going to eventually become a seasonal thing. Just like the flu that over time will eventually build some kind of immunity to it will have vaccines and we'll just need, you know, regular injections just like we have for the flu. But like it's just gonna be here. I could be wrong and I kind of hope I'm wrong that it just goes away. But
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: it's been,
SPEAKER_L: might seem just like uh is going to be lingering like a lot of jobs are moving to remote positions and stuff so I'll be
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: in this
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: bank.
SPEAKER_R: think it's going to end up that way. I mean the one positive I see coming from this is the remote learning and jobs that that people and businesses are really focusing on developing and improving that aspect across the globe. And so even after all this is said and done, I think will have more fine tune ways of doing all this more efficiently. You know, unless I mean means considerably more reliance on technology. What? But there is positive. There always there's always question poll. Yeah. I'm like I said, I'm hoping it goes away, but I don't know. Potsie.
SPEAKER_L: Hope for the best.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean it's been it's been what about a year now since it's really kicked off and we're still all kind of in the same boat. Like I don't know how, how much you've looked into or read up on developments and whatnot. But I think it was like early last month, uh, over in the UK. They're getting their second wave.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I hear about I heard Russia had like a second wave. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: things are going back into lockdown and everything. I'm like, like we haven't even finished dealing with our first wave yet. Gray meat, like the U. S. Is, I mean there's a lot of liberties we have that most of us like we take for granted, but right now the youth kind of sucks. We're way behind. We were slow to respond, especially since we actually had information on this before it hit the U. S. Why didn't why didn't we try sooner?
SPEAKER_L: It's just like human nature almost because
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we were reactionary instead of proactive. It's like no we need to be proactive and stop preventative measures instead of like oh okay we're sick now let's go. You know? He'll up.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's like the same way with like no environment stuff. You know it's like scientists saying like do something now or else we're gonna be swimming a couple. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mean and now here we have two of Antarctica's glaciers have lost huge chunks. It's like great. Like
SPEAKER_L: Samp
SPEAKER_R: that hasn't happened for a long time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah it's sad
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well I mean
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: there's only so much all of us can do. I mean we can try but
SPEAKER_L: it's like at the end of the day of just one person and you got to like get by so.
SPEAKER_R: yeah exactly. Like I'll contribute as much as I can towards preventing all this stuff. But I don't my contribution only goes so far right. Like there needs to be that mass of people to uh initiate any real change, especially when it comes to environmental stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah this generation as a whole has like a whole different outlook on the future as. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Honestly I think
SPEAKER_L: I understand.
SPEAKER_R: right, I have some hope for humanity, but this generation is looking pretty pretty grim. Like. Like it's it's not going well. Another positive of all this quarantine was that our emissions went down drum obviously.
SPEAKER_L: I heard about stories of wildlife returning to places.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean even here we've had some wildlife be in town or like, cool. And that was that was still even recent. It's like Yeah, because like, they're they're rolling now. Just like, yeah, we're back. We're reclaiming stuff like, let's go.
SPEAKER_L: Sure. Yeah. Well I can only hope for the best.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's about it. I I try not to worry too much about things, especially out of my control. Because like, well, I mean, no point stressing about stuff that you can't do anything about like have life, you know? And just try to bu
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh I think we're good on time for the the study.
SPEAKER_R: I think it's more.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was nice talking to you. I
SPEAKER_R: Same
SPEAKER_L: didn't catch your name
SPEAKER_R: adam yours,
SPEAKER_L: adam. I'm Kenneth.
SPEAKER_R: Janet the future.
SPEAKER_L: Nice to meet you. Best of luck to you in the
SPEAKER_R: Same. Catch you later,
SPEAKER_L: Bye bye.