Hello,
yep. You hear me this
good, how are you?
I'm from Long Island new
york.
about
a little bit? Yeah.
Uh Where are you?
How scenario? Shelly? Mhm. Yeah. Mhm.
Mhm Oh yeah, I got three Guitar is over there. Uh one is uh electric acoustic, an electric and acoustic. Um But only one of them is actually mine though because uh my mom and my brother also played and then they stopped and then they gave it to me because I was playing. So yeah, you do any any music? Okay.
Uh huh. Uh If you ever interested, there's a really good website song stir with two hours and that's good because you can play the tab. Uh and it'll like play the music because sometimes when it's just the tab you're not really sure like how you're supposed to play
it, but
then so it's really helpful.
Yeah, I got to be tough,
it's funny uh even though like right handed is more common when I first went to tune my guitar, the first result on google images for the guitar strings was for left handed guitar
and I broke my strings because I was tuning it to the wrong. But I know now. Right?
Mhm. Always impressed when people know stuff about like music theory and things, because I've seen videos of people talking about it and it just goes like way over my head. I have no ideas like mhm
Mhm. Yeah, they go crazy
and
Yeah, I remember a video of like two musicians who really talented jazz musicians and they were they were like communicating with each other, but by never saying like actual words there are like, you know when the song goes and then they play something, he's like, yeah, yeah. And then you do this and it's like what is going on?
Yeah.
The power of music.
Um I don't play it as much, I was actually trying to I got into wood crafting and stuff over the quarantine and I was trying to make and Karina out of wood but it turned out to be pretty difficult uh
yet to succeed, but
yeah, it's getting like that, the angle to get a whistle noise out of it is pretty hard. Mhm
Yeah, so you've been passing time with quarantine and stuff?
yeah, it's
true.
Yeah, a big thing, it's the online a lot is baking people baking stuff.
I tried to make my own bread uh came out pretty good. Yeah,
yeah, it's nice.
Mm I hope your brother's knees. Okay,
What?
It's tough,
Many
people
I will do it. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Mhm.
has got done playing tennis with my dad
has to do with that um and
take my dogs for a walk.
Yeah. Do you have any pets?
you're mentioning like it's nice to have the like routine, but uh it's like a lot of energy and stuff. My brother got into fish keeping fish. And the nice thing about that is uh he described it as like the default state of fish is dying
because like a it can be so like frail sometimes, so it's not like it's still a responsibility, but it's not like a terrible and I still have that routine and get
to work.
he said he gets things for like the ph the like a city, uh all these different things and then it will be like, oh, it has like a tumor, there's nothing you can really do. And it's just like,
True.
But
No
fish
there.
It's like a zombie goldfish.
Cool. That's weird. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah.
Um I do a lot with the classical guitars. Um
My classical music of
as
uh T. S. O.
Oh, I don't know any of their songs and guitar, but I did them in orchestra. I used to be an orchestra for like junior high high school. Um but I do finger picking like the song I'm learning right now is a theme from a video game Door Fortress. Um
I don't do as much with the electric guitar though. Uh huh
Yeah the classical guitar stuff um has that like orchestral kind of sound. Um My school did go to a trans Siberian Orchestra concert at one point which is nice. They go really crazy with the lights and
I thought
Like experience have
to be
there.
epilepsy here.
Right. A nice though. It's very energetic.
Yeah. Do you do any other concerts and stuff?
Hm
there.
can be expensive.
Yeah. Yeah I've done too much in the way of concerts. Uh There's a lot of the stuff I listen to is like random artists on like SoundCloud and stuff, so they don't really do like concerts, I'd like to go to one. Mhm
out of your videos.
she
does like mix of classical with like rock kind of
I didn't know that.
What surprised
a surprise with like some of the stuff that gets passed on on that show, but you even get rejected?
I've seen a video, I think it was by Sasha Baron Cohen um talking about how like it's not so much about talent but like entertainment value. Um
So he does he goes like undercover and he makes up this whole character who's like extremely patriotic and uh is like I can't even remember how it was just like a really quirky character and like it was working because it wasn't so much that he's a good singer, but it was like he had an interesting back story.
That,
Hm. Yeah, definitely not for me, only certain people have that like kind of
there.
And
that's the, I think those things like uh probably people that started at like a super young age start.
everyone's got their the calling. Yeah.
what
do you do career was
right, that's
also with quarantine, I'm
in the same boat.
Mhm. Yeah, I feel that.
Yeah, that's good. Mhm,
mm. To keep routine. Mhm.
Yeah, that's good. Um was she the best of luck? Thank
you.
fingers
crossed.
that
might seem just like uh is going to be lingering like a lot of jobs are moving to remote positions and stuff so I'll be
in this
bank.
Hope for the best.
Yeah I hear about I heard Russia had like a second wave. Yes.
It's just like human nature almost because
Yeah it's like the same way with like no environment stuff. You know it's like scientists saying like do something now or else we're gonna be swimming a couple. Yeah.
Samp
Yeah. Yeah it's sad
or
it's like at the end of the day of just one person and you got to like get by so.
Yeah this generation as a whole has like a whole different outlook on the future as. Yeah,
I understand.
I heard about stories of wildlife returning to places.
Sure. Yeah. Well I can only hope for the best.
Yeah. Oh I think we're good on time for the the study.
Yeah it was nice talking to you. I
didn't catch your name
adam. I'm Kenneth.
Nice to meet you. Best of luck to you in the
Bye bye.