Hello,
you see me okay,
How's it going?
Not too bad. So where are you from?
Long
Island? Is
there is it particularly cold right now?
But unseasonably warm here the past couple of days and then today it drops down to 50°
in Northern Wisconsin.
I see you've got quite a few instruments.
Unfortunately. No I got myself of a guitar a few years back with the intention to learn potentially possibly even teach myself and life. Like I picked it up every so often strummed, it tried to really learn everything and I don't know maybe my brain just can't wrap around that.
thank
you.
Yeah I have to check that out. Yeah. Like because any time I've tried finding someone to help outside of official expensive lessons uh it's a little more difficult because I'm left handed. So I had to buy a left handed guitar and that was, it was interesting to try to like find one because apparently they're not very common. Yeah.
Yeah and trying to get someone to help teach you know like a right handed person to teach a left handed person how to play its I mean you know you hold something if you're used to holding something with your right hand you try holding it with your left, it feels uncomfortable, it doesn't feel right. So I can only imagine teaching someone to play is confusing.
interesting.
man. That had had to kind of suck, especially just right when you're tuning in. Just apple. Uh Oh man. Yeah and I know pretty much next to nothing about instruments when it comes down to it. Like I love music music theory and just about any genre to be honest. But as far as knowing the more specifics of obviously how to play instruments, my brain just could not.
like like I'm the same. Like I I understand a lot of the basics, but I've watched somewhere they go into like, like real music theory, the people that study this. And I'm like, that's interesting. I'll get back to you if I actually figure what you're talking about.
Yeah. You can always tell when someone
really knows and is passionate about what they do because they yeah. For most other people just way over your head.
Yeah. My two best friends that know like have like inside jokes and stories and everything and just like remember when and they're like, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, you're just like, what are you talking about? Remember when? What? Yeah. No,
it's fun to see that though because like, you know that there's a real connection of a real understanding.
Yeah. I mean they always say that that's a universal language and it really is. I mean I listen to foreign music all the time. Do I understand anything they're saying most of the time. No, but it's still some of them still get you. You know, you still so resonates you play anything other than guitars base.
All
I say I can imagine those those are they seem Conflict complex instruments to begin with, let alone manufacturing one.
Not as straightforward as other wind instruments. It's different.
Yeah. Every once in a while my brother actually lives next door and he does a lot of carpentry and woodwork. So when you mentioned that it's like, yeah, I go out and we'll be in his garage every once in a while building. Either bed frames dressers, table, what have you? Uh He's laid up for a little while because he had to have surgery on his knee. so that's fun. Um But otherwise, yeah, I try to like really just hunker down on either hobbies or interests because I mean, no one is going to have more time to dig into those than we do now.
You
know, who always like mike like right now would be an ideal time for me to pick up and learn guitar because I'm not going to have any more time now or later than I do now to really work with it. So, you know, someone's always wanted to paint cool, do it like you got time.
more
yeah, as I say, it's a it's actually like baking. I don't know, there's something about it, like when it comes out nice, even moderately nice. There is a sense of accomplishment. There were just like I made that,
you know, especially if it's from scratch and not a, not a mix that's that's even more impressive.
so far he's more just limping around and he shouldn't be he should be using his crutches but stubborn but can't force them to because I can't say I would be any better. I'm not as
as active as he is but I still don't think I could not walk you know having your your leg straight all the time. I don't know.
Yeah it's going to have it like that for approximately six months. Oh and all I did was I don't remember specifically
but
he went to a trampoline park with his kids that's it like and and injured it's like mm
Yeah apparently he's getting old and he's younger than I am. I don't I don't wish that kind of pain on anybody though. Mhm. Okay.
Yeah
so outside of like music anything else you do to occupy your time during all this crap? Yeah.
Please.
Yeah.
That that's like that's the one thing that I kind of actually miss having is an outdoor pet. Like, personally, I don't know if I have that kind of energy left in Me too to care for a pet, but I do miss having that that responsibility that, you know, if you have a pet that gets you up every time a certain time of day to be let out or food or whatever, like it keeps you on a sort of rhythm light. And if whether it's nice outside or not, and you need the dog to go for a walk, it forces you to go out and kind of forces you to keep a normal routine and right now any sort of sense of normalcy is definitely welcome. So yeah. But yeah, I think you got a pretty good having having a dog in that sense.
I used to my ex and I had six cats. Yeah. Um none of them outdoors, so that didn't help. But cats wouldn't be on the leash anyway because I don't like that. But uh No like when we first got together we had two dogs and and they were great, but her roommate had moved out and taken one of them with her and that kind of change dynamic a little so and then the age old story of life gets in the way, and finances and everything. We had to adopt a dog out. Okay.
It is to come.
I mean
like a step up is is like cats Because realistically cats are pretty self sufficient. I mean I had six cats. Um you know, you got to clean their box and every once in a while make sure they've got food and water. But realistically they exercise themselves, they clean themselves and if they really want to they can feed themselves. Like you really don't packed into too much like dogs, some are pretty self sufficient, but for the most part like you do you have to go, you know, let them out or bring them for walks, fill their bowls, all that stuff. And it's like nah cats, cats are like just a step up from fish in responsibility and energy wise. It's weird. But yeah, like like you said with fish they are they're very um like alive or dead. That's about it like.
Yeah. Fish. Are you sure are weird like that? I I did have one that was I mean just like your standard goldfish and it was weird. It was resilient, it didn't want to die
because there was a time where like we had it for a while and then we, we took care of it like normal and we were gone for a couple of days. We came back and the fish, we weren't sure if it was that or not, it looked like it was still alive. We don't stand there for like an hour waiting to see it, do anything. So we're like, okay, well, we'll leave it be and if you know, it starts just distinct or it's very obviously dead, then we'll take care of it and life work, all that stuff, you get busy and you forget that you are going to check on this and about another couple of days ago by before we realize that like, it still hasn't moved. So it was like, it's bedtime, so we're like, okay, well, we'll get up and do it in the morning next morning, vicious fine movement
was like, it hadn't moved for almost an entire week and now it's a lie and then jumped to some months later. It like literally looked dead. It looks like if you've ever seen uh like ocean waste from dead animals, that if they're in there long enough, that they start to yeah, I guess disintegrate. Instead of being hold, they start to wither and get more and in paper like and they spread out and that's what our fish looked like. It looked like it was instead of saying a solid fish, it was slowly turning into a flat what was once a fish, you know, like the skin and scales first. Like, okay, this is definitely dead. We we go back no sooner. I'm like, why? Why don't you like, I swear our fish died like half a dozen times before it actually
died.
I've never seen a goldfish live that long. Goldfish are like the stereotypical two week pet before you're like, yeah, okay, we'll get you a new one kid, you
know, flushed down the toilet bowl thing. But this one lasted probably like a year like, okay.
Yeah, that was, that was her nickname for his, like a zombie, your undead, like, okay, you do you. It was probably the strangest pet actually had and it was a fish.
what sorts of music do you play?
Yes,
select
TSL style
trans Siberian orchestra.
Iraq.
Okay. Yeah. No, because he said that and my mind like classical, but my mind immediately went to like their style because they take like a lot of christmas songs and classical songs from way back when and kind of put this rock emphasis on them. They use guitar, violin, stuff like that. And my mind never goes to actual like, orchestral music and guitar, like being associated, you know, violins and harps and stuff like that. Guitar always feels more on the hard side of music when you think orchestra. I'm like, no, no. If you, if you know how to play it, like, you could have that lighter symphony for an orchestra.
I'll say, yeah, you can't have been the one and you can't, you can't really have a lot of health issues, particularly with lights
and yeah, because I mean immediately years, like, whoa, okay, that's a lot. And I'm like, you at this point, you probably understand that like, you can see videos of those doesn't do it justice. Like it really for those experiences, it's very dull by comparison because the lights are 1000 times brighter and everything is just, I don't know, chaos, but not chaotic. Not, not like in a negative way, it's just just a lot.
like,
there's
just a lot there to take in all at once. So anybody that has problems with uh uh I can't think of the right term,
No, but like, there's certain people that have, like, social anxiety, so they can only be around so many people at once, especially strangers, and then there's certain people, like, there's sensory overload is what it is, and the people that that if they can't handle that do not go to those, because that is pretty much all it is the sensory overload.
yeah. You know, it was, I don't know if I could do that on a regular basis, but it's definitely like, fun, invigorating and just enjoying the experience. Every once in a while.
I've been to a few uh My first really odd, like I like all sorts of music, I'm not a huge country fan, but it's weird to think that because my very first concert was a George michael Montgomery concert, which is straight up country, like older country. Um I've been to uh oh, I can't, I think of the name now they're from, I'm gonna say they're from the Chicago area. Originally racking my brain, I went to one of their New Year's Eve shows down at the hard rock in Chicago
because I was actually a lot of fun. It was it wasn't like a huge venue, it wasn't like this big massive concert like T. S. O. Because that was in an arena. Um
But it was it was fun, it was more kind of like a personal thing because it was back home where they're from. And don't know I haven't been to too many actual concerts but it's nice. I've I've wanted to go to some um And there was one not too far from me couple years back that was my ideal like this was some years back but when I had like Lincoln Park Dragon Force like some top of the line alternative and rock bands there and When I found out the admission price is just to go to the show let alone two. But it was there was an admission to get in and then there was admission to the concert themselves like a bear had a fair And and just to the admission to get into the fair was like 200 bucks like um Just to get in the nasa pay extra for the concerts not to mention you know food and all that stuff like you have to pass like I really want this but that's a lot of money like For
yeah for a day. No, no I'll wait.
Yeah like I mean it's just kind of the same with Gso where I don't think had new concerts all the time but but more for favorite artists or um just that every once in a while experience of just being out and enjoying the experience more than for any specific artist. Um I actually now that now that I remember it, my brother and I with a couple of years was it Christmas of 18, we went down to Madison for lindsey Stirling concert. That was
yeah that was that was incredible. Didn't get to meet her, that would've been cool. But I don't know. Again another one of those where you just like in awe of just the experience of being there. That
was
yeah on on violin and I mean the best part, like the one thing that I still admire about her is that she was on America's Got talent and was denied right?
Yeah. She, she was on and she never even made it to the finals I think. Um, and she didn't make it through specifically was stated that there's no market for that type and that like for entertainment and music and that. Um, especially not for solo, you know that her style would be best suited in a group because violin and yet here she is like she went over to Youtube started just making videos for the music and stuff and I mean multiple albums years later multiple tours like she's like a huge success in terms of what initially amounted to a failure, you know kind
of like uh huh
Yeah. I mean you know, you think back to like american idol and how many of the winners are still making music and then you have some of the runner ups that got music fields and some of them aren't even really making music anymore. And I mean within the past number of years, I think even some of the semifinalists have gone and made albums gotten deals. Why? But I mean, but that's solely music as far as the got talent because that's not just music, that's everything. I don't see too many make a real career that's known out of their talent.
Exactly.
Yeah. The entertainment side of it and yeah, like I've seen, I've seen a lot of acts on Got talent shows where like from a personal perspective, I'm not interested in that or it's like okay, that was mediocre from a standpoint of all the other contestants kind of thing. What? But there's just something about the person, like their personality and their entertainment that like sits well with you and it was just like, like you want to see them actually succeed because they have something there that that that entertainment factor, they might have no talent,
but but that's beside the point, like, there's some people that just essentially need to be in that industry, you know? Like that's they always say that like there's certain people that have a face for camera or need to be on radio because they just have that voice that resonates with people, certain people have that innate ability to be funny, you know, for for comedy, some people just have entertainment. Now. You see all these videos of people being able to paint things out of absolutely nothing and it's like, so that's where all the skill went. Yeah. It's like, good for you though. Like that's amazing to be able to do anything like that. Like those people just need to be in those certain industries. I mean, think of where we'd be if Hendricks never picked up a guitar, like lot of things would be different.
Oh yeah, No, I've seen people like craft things out of wood and I'm just like, or, or like chocolate and sugar where it's like, um, what? And
I'd love to be able to have any level of talent like that. But some of them just dumbfounded bye by some people's William Layton. I don't know if I'd want the pressure of continually succeeding at that and all the attention garnered from certain avenues when
you
Yeah. Yeah. That's, it's definitely possible that some of them started really young, I don't know, have a creative mind, but I don't know if I have the, the coordination to do a lot of it. Yeah.
Yeah. And that's something I tell people all the time when I'm chatting online, is that like I have this desire to do something especially creative, I don't know what that medium is yet. Like if it's painting, drawing, writing, making games, just anything within a creative medium, like I have no idea yet, but don't not try to look for it
like
right now, honestly nothing, everything is kind of at a standstill
and
and
yeah, so it, so it sucks, but at the same time, like it gives me time to self reflect and really dig deep on real passions, not pleading hobbies, you know, like I have various interests in almost everything, but some of them are more just like it would be cool and then some of them are like, no, I really like this and it's going to stick with me for a while. Like when I, when I was younger, I mean I actually wanted to be a musician, I wanted to be in a band and play, which is another reason that sparked me getting a guitar and just the desire to learn something and then I was like, even though I'd still love to learn guitar or any instrument, it's more just the experience of learning than gaining anything from it, you know, just like there's some people that have a love of learning like they don't care what they learned, just they love to learn. I think just learning different skill sets regardless of your mastery level. But I always tell people a jack of all trades, master of none kind of things like yeah, I want I want I want everything but I don't want to turn most of them into a career. It is fun to do with new things.
Yeah. And that's been kind of helpful with all this quarantine because and I can actually explore all that stuff.
I try to utilize my time in a semi productive manner.
exactly.
Yeah. You too.
And hopefully uh hopefully for both of us that will turn around soon with with jobs and income and and for the world at a whole. Yeah.
All
right. Yeah. I fear that I was talking to someone and I fear that this things may turn back to some kind of normal after, but I don't think this is ever going away. I think there's obviously variables here, but with Covid, I think we're in it for the long haul and it's going to eventually become a seasonal thing. Just like the flu that over time will eventually build some kind of immunity to it will have vaccines and we'll just need, you know, regular injections just like we have for the flu. But like it's just gonna be here. I could be wrong and I kind of hope I'm wrong that it just goes away. But
it's been,
I
I
think it's going to end up that way. I mean the one positive I see coming from this is the remote learning and jobs that that people and businesses are really focusing on developing and improving that aspect across the globe. And so even after all this is said and done, I think will have more fine tune ways of doing all this more efficiently. You know, unless I mean means considerably more reliance on technology. What? But there is positive. There always there's always question poll. Yeah. I'm like I said, I'm hoping it goes away, but I don't know. Potsie.
Yeah. I mean it's been it's been what about a year now since it's really kicked off and we're still all kind of in the same boat. Like I don't know how, how much you've looked into or read up on developments and whatnot. But I think it was like early last month, uh, over in the UK. They're getting their second wave.
things are going back into lockdown and everything. I'm like, like we haven't even finished dealing with our first wave yet. Gray meat, like the U. S. Is, I mean there's a lot of liberties we have that most of us like we take for granted, but right now the youth kind of sucks. We're way behind. We were slow to respond, especially since we actually had information on this before it hit the U. S. Why didn't why didn't we try sooner?
Yeah we were reactionary instead of proactive. It's like no we need to be proactive and stop preventative measures instead of like oh okay we're sick now let's go. You know? He'll up.
mean and now here we have two of Antarctica's glaciers have lost huge chunks. It's like great. Like
that hasn't happened for a long time.
Yeah. Well I mean
there's only so much all of us can do. I mean we can try but
yeah exactly. Like I'll contribute as much as I can towards preventing all this stuff. But I don't my contribution only goes so far right. Like there needs to be that mass of people to uh initiate any real change, especially when it comes to environmental stuff.
Yeah. Honestly I think
right, I have some hope for humanity, but this generation is looking pretty pretty grim. Like. Like it's it's not going well. Another positive of all this quarantine was that our emissions went down drum obviously.
Yeah. I mean even here we've had some wildlife be in town or like, cool. And that was that was still even recent. It's like Yeah, because like, they're they're rolling now. Just like, yeah, we're back. We're reclaiming stuff like, let's go.
Yeah, that's about it. I I try not to worry too much about things, especially out of my control. Because like, well, I mean, no point stressing about stuff that you can't do anything about like have life, you know? And just try to bu
I think it's more.
Same
adam yours,
Janet the future.
Same. Catch you later,