Good afternoon, Good evening
wherever you happen to be or? Good
morning,
five p.m. So
I'm in philadelphia.
Uh I
am within the city though. I am in the far northeast.
No, I mean that could be anywhere in the city. I'm not native. My wife is I've been here 11 ish years
originally from Baltimore, so not far but not close. So we're about
in texas. Are you
What? Yeah.
familiar with all of the above.
So a lot of time in Delaware Manco and then bucks. Huh? So
well,
you know you can go you canyons. Er I mean whatever works. Yeah,
a lot of similarities, minor differences. But no, it's pretty similar. I mean we both pronounce W A T E R S W U. D. D. Er
So
So your name is pam. Huh?
My
name is James and uh Sarah's Fair
you as well. Miss pam. Uh
So
I
have
not, I
have
not, I was about to ask you if this if this was your first time and what made you decide to be so crazy as to give this a shot?
the
my goodness.
So this is your Beth or 6? It sounds
like
I haven't done you cashing many decades ago when I was a boy scout, I'd like to do what they call orienteering where you have the map in your compass and you could think it was geo cashing before GPS was available to everybody.
Well, yeah. Little tool so
and you're not that old. I don't even want to hear it.
Don't even
that that bottom trim ring or cagily you'll have the little access panel on the bottom. Be surprised the crazy things that people do, so. Uh
like as an employment or as in fun I mean
so I
uh I work in construction, I am an inspector with the local water utility. I've been they're doing that, who would be? So when you ask do I live in the city and the answer is yes because I work for the city. Oh
well
no no no don't don't
be sorry.
my goodness. Hello Little one.
So what I do is mainly larger construction projects. So you know I work for the philadelphia water I mean we just call it what it is. So you know you have a clear water wastewater and stormwater. So I work in storm water so I'm inspecting you know big storm water projects you know you know these fancy shmancy, you know green rain gardens and trees and things like that and the stone beds had to go underground so they take the water off the street and keep it from running into the sewer system and overflowing into the rivers and things like that. So, but I deal with some guys who just go into businesses and those four souls who have to go into customers homes and I mean it's a little bit of everything, so.
Oh growing up in Baltimore being you know in and around the Chesapeake bay, all of you know those buzzwords have been there and been there for years and years so it's like oh you know affluent and run off and this and that it's a go and tied it into what I'm doing now. It's interesting so let me flip the coin on you. What is it that you do or have retired from doing if you are so lucky?
Well
yeah, there's that.
No.
it's interesting that you use the term recruiter instead of headhunter.
Oh fair enough. I mean a rose by any other name but yeah. Yeah.
Lt
Now uh do not you know we also
have a small furry lump who is very much sacked at the moment. So so what
breed
is molly?
Yeah it's all guesswork.
You haven't
done that for yourself, have you?
No,
I have not. But uh so
that's what my wife does for the police department. She works as a DNA analyst.
So
the 23 and me and ancestry and all of that. She's like don't. Yeah and try to get any family members you have to. Not in uh you have you heard the story about the golden state killer out in California?
No so it's a gentleman I want to say in his 60's You know
raping and killing women in the 70s and 80s. They found him through a familial search like a niece or nephew or something. Put themselves into one of those databases and just on a lark they're like oh let's go search the familial als and they got a familial hit and they dive back to get to him.
Mhm. No I know I'm completely a lay person but you know through my wife's knowledge and conversations you know I understand but no so oh
she's
biologist, she's she has just a plain old biology degree
and she happened to bounce through And work her way through that way. She's been dad it almost 20 years now,
so hey as she likes to say it's a very interesting job but it's still a job and a city job at that there are a whole bosses and lots of red tape and at the end of the day sometimes you just still come home angry. So.
Yes, we are lucky we still,
it is it is, I mean they're trying to roll them back where they can, you know,
So you know she's had 20 years, she's locked into a really good, I have five years, You know, it's a hybrid, so it's some pension in some 401K. Trying to play the game. But I mean it's any pension is better than none, I can't imagine um As
someone
just really diving into their careers at 25 or even 30 having to plan for the future without that guaranteed benefit. Mhm.
But yeah, I did a little time with Sears and
some of the old old heads who, you know have that serious pension. Yeah, they're the same thing, you
know, they have
that bit
than the rest
of people like what are you talking about and it's crazy.
Of course not.
Yeah. All right. I don't know if
people
get crazy with that, you know? Yes, you want to manage your money, but some people
get
crazy
and
way over
manage
it instead of letting it ride for a bit, see what happens.
Maybe you'll
break
Look at it once a year to see where it does in two or three if it's really not doing well shifted something
a little bit
bigger risk we're not. Mhm.
lot
of
I
it's just another form of gambling really at the end of the day but some people want that high, they want that adrenaline.
of
course
I've done some time and sales. I no the mentality a little too well. Never commissioned sales thankfully. I don't know how I could live that way. But at then again I watched
some
of these guys and
gals make small fortunes in a given year when I was doing that and other people just kind of eat by and
sometimes you wonder it's like who's from it being honest and sales and who's not so you know.
Also
true.
What?
And
now sales,
this
is completely
dying
art and they're just letting the eyes do it or whatever else. So how
long did you Okay,
go
ahead
I
say. How long did you work for? IBM
please.
When it comes to high technology, things like this, I always come back to Jurassic
park, I come back
to Jeff Goldblum's character just because you're scientists could doesn't necessarily mean that they should.
So uh
No
you still
need a human touch somewhere.
Mhm. I don't know. I think I've read too many apocalyptic scientific science fiction novels where the ai takes over and humanity is subjugated by its own creation shell. Hey,
you know, maybe it will be our benevolent overlord. Maybe it'll be Skynet, Nukus to the Stone Age. I is interesting.
All
absolutely agree. But
then
I fall
back to the trolley problem. I assume you're familiar with the trolley problem.
so you have a train or trolley or something on a track and you have a switch and you know, you choose to, you know, on one track is someone you know and that you like
and on the other track of someone that you don't know And you have or two or 3 or whatever the case is And you have to decide to throw the switch. Do you kill 10 people or do you kill the person that you know and love? Okay.
And you know, you know, as someone who drives as part of their job, who's been driving for yeah, 25 years. Uh and the son of a truck driver who drove for 45 years, I mean, I would like to think I am better than the average driver in almost all conditions.
huh. Yeah. I mean there are others out there who are better or who made better
and snow
or
ice
or whatever.
Nobody
is good and nice, but so you know, I fall into that trap of of the trolley problem of, okay, I'm in a driverless car and it slipped or slid or whatever
trying to avoid something else and it's careening towards a large group of people.
Does it crash into the building adjacent and kill me or does it continue on? And I know it's an outlier of things
and you know, the
overall
good is
well outweighs
the,
you know, smaller
personal good and
more people should think that way, especially with the world is where it is currently. So
that's right.
George
Oh, I mean You have me for a few years in age, you know, I'm 41, I hope to be around, I hope to be at about the midpoint of my lifespan. So I hope to see another 40 plus years. So you know, like to see a little bit more and hopefully they do do it the right way, whichever right might be at a given time.
So
us
For someone who wasn't sure they were ever going to make, starting at one point, Oh
live fast, you know, die hard and leave a good looking corpse. I mean in that that classic young male sense uh no
found sanity and you know, I love that, You know, almost 30 and put me back together. I'm totally romantic. Oh
it
works.
But we're right on the mate live right on the main drag here. So the big fire houses three quarters of miles to the north and the big police district is a half mile of the south, so, mm hmm.
Your turn for the thundering.
oh goodness! Well,
john wanamaker uh
you know all of that is before my time. I've only ever known wanamaker's as a Macy's there and you know by city hall, but wanted the places that my wife worked, you know when she was
younger, when
it
was still
wanted
makers, I think up here somewhere.
So hi, I tell
most
of the time it has kept itself in the news over the years for good and bad reasons, but well,
Coming from a similar large east coast city, you know,
I see the city
for what it is, you know, Baltimore and philadelphia are very similar. But the personalities of the city are interesting, Baltimore is
just slightly more southern,
little bit slower. A little more friendly, silly
is a little bit faster all of the new york attitude without as much of the polish which is why you know the classic Philly chip on their shoulder so
And you were nice
lovely woman as well.
Yes it was
yeah I might I just might see uh what other wonderful folks in the world I might meet.
I definitely think I'm gonna have to look up these better up people to see what it is that they do. You know maybe research them a little bit. I'm interesting Yeah I agree, I'm interested to see what they're what they're trying to glean from these what you know what's what's the point so
but
Never
oh it was like a turing test of sorts.
Yeah.
you as well, Miss pam. Take
care of yourself
and good luck there on planet Tejas.
It's crazy out there.
ma'am they