Hi
it makes
I
know. Mhm. I am. It's 4:00 where I am. How about you?
I'm in texas. Where are you?
Oh that's where I was born. Yeah, I lived a bunch of places. Are you? Infinitely? Yeah.
Mhm.
awesome. I wish I knew where I need to find out where my dad was born because he was right in the city I'm from. It would have been like a german section, like his family. We're all immigrants and came to wherever german places.
wouldn't be
so
I'm outside Dallas Oh you know what, I was going to turn a timer on. Let's see, let's do that. There we go.
Yeah, so I was born in Ridley park, then we moved to Springfield marple, Newtown King of Prussia and then for long up in Bucks County. Yeah,
because
then up to the other end of the state.
Which
Well it's interesting. My niece went to school in Baltimore and I noticed the accent. Everybody I talk to people there and I thought they all sound like billy people like I think there's a lot of commonality in the accent.
Water
All right. My little brother came when we moved to Erie, it was south of very little town called Edinburgh. We moved up there. My brother came up to me after school and said, hey PMR, you go into the basketball game tonight and everybody was laughing going, that's your brother, How come he doesn't talk like you, you know? Mhm, wow. Yeah,
I am
PM
to meet you jinx.
Have you
done this before? I'll
go ahead.
Sorry,
I
cook.
So I started doing those surveys just out of curiosity. The little prolific. You know, I thought these are interesting, you know, a lot of times they're interesting and trying to figure out what their what their angle is and you know, most of the time they're they're pretty cool. And then when this came I thought well I'll give it a shot. And I met the nicest girl and she was young and starting her career and and it was just so fun to talk to her. But I did it again and then I did it again. And the last person I talked to, I thought we didn't connect as much and he was like a lot younger than me and I thought he doesn't want to talk to some old lady, you
know, well and and so I thought I shouldn't be doing this. They're all young, you're young, they're young. You know, I probably shouldn't be in this job. Well, here's the deal. I got selfish about it because I went, well whether they want the old lady or not, I find these fun and he had talked about Geo Cashing and
I had started Googling it and finally, last weekend I went, I'm gonna check that out a little more. And I had so much fun with it. But I was like, I would like another one of these discussions because these people are really interesting and you learn things and they're
And therefore
for your for your number four. But the geo cashing was a blast. I don't know if you've ever done that.
Yeah. You did the real one. The real
That's
That's
your very, very nice. Yeah. Well, my geo cashing things were, they were supposed to be easy and they were actually kind of hard. I had to get a clue for the first one. And I kept looking, it was in a bus stop. I just stepped up on on the seat and I had looked from the ground and it wasn't a really high ceiling but I'm looking and I found that I still don't see it and I ran my hand around and like, oh there's a wire sticking out wire and there it was and then another one was a light post. I had no idea that one of those big light posts like for the community, you know that you can actually that bottom box. I always thought it was kind of firm. No, you could pick it up and they under I was like, who knew
what? I had no idea, I have no idea. So, so what do you do? Whatever? Mhm.
So either one either good. Yeah,
apartment.
I'm sorry
mom.
This
is molly saying hi. Yeah, mali come back here, Ben. Okay. You know, I knew I probably shouldn't have risked it, but here's molly uh
So when you inspect, are you inspecting homes or are you doing businesses or it could be either.
That's a whole different world for me and you know we learned a lot about that years ago, right? But at an age where I wasn't really paying enough attention to how it all in our relates and you know. Yeah wow.
I may be working forever. Um I'm a recruiter and I work for a company called Cap Gemini that does management and technology consulting and I'm just happy to still be here. You
know,
lots of people calling me. You know what I do is we don't for the roles I'm doing, we don't post jobs. I look on linkedin and I reached out to people proactively but now I've got so many people calling
me, you know? Mhm Yeah.
I prefer to be recruiter.
Uh huh. Yeah. Oh, So
I've been doing this for about 10 years and then before that I was in sales and consulting bunch of other stuff that kept all work, I work forever give kids.
Unbelievable.
This
is,
this is my child. And according to one of those DNA things for dogs, Okay. They say 25% loss of 25% shit to know. Look at that nose. That is so not shit. Who knows? 50%. They said mixed breathe. So thank you. That's what I paid for. I was so excited to open that up and I was like, really, You couldn't tell me more than that.
Find
them.
No,
no. Have you?
Okay.
Or
you know.
No.
thank you,
Well one of these prolific some surveys delved into that. It was fascinating. It was a long one. But they had to actually get on this piece of software that lets you project. Like if you gave your DNA and your grandfather did, how many of these people in this chart could you ascertain to what degree? You know? It was very very and I looked at that went, well you never do this. It was crazy. It was crazy.
So did she get like a forensics degree to do that or what's
your
That's fine.
How interesting.
mm. A city job. Do they still have pinch? Yeah,
that's awesome.
All
Madam
President.
Mhm. Well I have very little tension from when I worked at IBM because there's kind of you know it's a hockey stick curve so it's like you've asked a little here a little there and then if you're there for a really long time then it starts to go toward the end. So I have this little bitty amount and there have been times I didn't really appreciate the value of that until I got further down the line and went, oh wow wow, my friends who stuck it out, big difference.
And
attention
to
anything like
that.
Well and then I began to the point where they forced they quit the pension, changed defined benefit plan, you could choose either or 41 K. Type of thing or to keep the pension and they really didn't want you to keep the pension. But
a lot of us said well we'd rather that than beat than be the ones to manage the money in the market, so
And
attention
go
for
it
instead
of
everything.
You're
so
smart, see you're so smart. I just listened to a webinar by the people that we have my mom's investments with and they put on these wonderful webinars, you know, and and they talked, they showed an example yesterday of the person who messed with theirs versus the one who kind of let it ride and big difference. They, people get overeager about needing to touch it and mess with it and they're like, really don't really, really don't know. Yeah.
My
father,
I remember when I was younger and my IBM career and all these IBM Rs would be like every day talking about, I just put blow, blow blow into this stock or that stock and I thought, oh man I'm not doing any of that, I'm probably just really not with it and I think that was okay but they were messing with it all the time checking
every
day, every day. How
is my stock doing?
What? Yeah I think you're right, I think you're right because I was in sales than a lot of them are salespeople who did meet
the
yeah, so I think you're very right with that.
little
personal
representative,
thank you.
Well what I liked about sales I found was not I wasn't the thrill of the sale and the clothes. I liked solving the problem so you can find problem solving in a lot of different ways you
know
and it took some time to understand that about me. I went into a few other sales roles outside of IBM was like I don't like these, what do I not like? It was all about what you do for me today and I'm like we're not really solving a problem, we're shoving software down somebody's
throat, It was just a whole different thing. Yeah. Yeah.
And
then
make
it something
that
my spirit,
No,
go ahead. But
no
you go
14 years total. Yeah. Twice so sales and then bunch of different stuff the second time around, I like to be. Um I really did enjoy it. It was a great place to start. I learned a lot, take it through to other aspects of my career, it's great. Yeah, so
you mentioned a I and that's one of the searches I'm doing now is for somebody to lead artificial intelligence and data science and and it's really got me interested in that whole world because I had the first kind of learning, I mean, you know, I read a little bit about it, but I'm like, okay, what is this aspect of it versus this aspect? And if somebody does this, would that be well that fit and you know, and uh I'm getting kind of jazzed about it. It's pretty interesting stuff, it's the cool fun stuff in my technology field, you know?
come on.
No.
Well that's no that's very true, that's very true.
We could but can't, you know, they're saying that artificial intelligence is going to take over recruiting, It's not it's not and I've read enough articles that support that thought it can help, but it's not it's not going to take over completely. It
can
be.
you absolutely do. You just do
That
Yeah. So um Mark Cuban supports this data science group that's kind of pushing artificial intelligence right now.
And some of the really cool technology. And they I sat in on a webinar that they did about driverless cars and I had always been like driverless cars. That sounds terrible and scary and all but interestingly after I sat in on that I was convinced that a driverless car could potentially be safer than what we do because theoretically it's tapping into this database that has way more info about how to address a particular thing happening then what I have in my little brain you know. Mhm.
Give
me something
like that.
I remember I think I need you to share that with me. All right.
like that.
I haven't heard this. The trolley problem but. Okay. Okay. Okay.
And you probably are. Yes.
Sign
up for the man.
They
don't
even
care.
Look,
The world,
What
what's
your hotel
capabilities
helpful?
All
Thank you.
Thank
you. Okay. Well, but you're hitting on the key where I just finished reading. I didn't finish. I'm almost finished
1984. How
things get done. Mhm. I don't know. There's so many crazy ways that things can get implemented that it's it's pretty frightening. So you got to do it right? If we're gonna apply things like ai Yeah. Aren't we philosophical?
I
waited until 50 to say that I was at my mid point of my life.
No. Yeah.
you got some good stories there, I bet.
Yeah.
That's awesome. Well,
I
started out with my stepson, he was 28. We weren't sure with the woman we women we saw going through his place were like uh that competed. The future mother of our grand shot, you know? Um And then the right one made just like all the difference in the world. Yeah, wow.
I have such fond memories of Philly. My mom used to take us in, she tried to do like once a month, take it downtown and go to the Art Museum or the Academy of Music. And they did like Children's programs and stuff. We have pretzels from Red Severa.
That's our timer. Uh
Pretzel guy and john wanamaker's and you know. Yeah.
huh.
Whatever
you
want
to do
with
my life.
Good city. It's a
good city.
I always felt you did best with Billy seeing it through the eyes of a philadelphian though because you could really appreciate it better in my opinion then just blow them through. Yeah.
No,
no.
To
do this.
Let's see.
Um I never really thought of that because I had to glamorized in my mind. You know? That's funny. That's fun. Well we've hit our mark. I could keep talking to you. You're such a nice guy.
Yeah,
so this was fun. Are you
going to do more?
It's an interesting thing now. I hope they tell us at some point what they actually gleaned from all these. I don't know if we'll get that, you know?
I
did one of the study's way early on and I actually when I went to do my first one of these I didn't think the person was going to ever show up, I was certain no, because the first study that I ever did, they said we're going to match you with someone so it's going to take a few minutes and we match you up and then you're you're responding to someone else and you have a chance to adjust based on what their response is the first round. And
then it turned out there really wasn't a person.
Yes. So I fully I never expected a real person and was shocked when a person came on the screen. Yeah, I'm like wow, they really did this. Yeah.
Well I'm gonna let you be you take care, wonderful to meet you.
Got
it.
Thanks.
Have fun in Philly. See you.