Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. All right, Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Right, mm. Right. Right. Mhm. Mhm, mm hmm. Right, okay. Four. Right. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Right. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. The killer? Okay, wow. Yeah, mm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh yeah, at home? Yeah, come on. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Mhm. Oh yeah, Yeah. For. Uh huh. Right. Oh. Oh. Oh and yeah, wow, mm. Yeah, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah, awesome people and everyone. Right, Mhm. I don't think. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Trump. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. No. Okay. Okay. Yeah.
Oh hello, how are you?
Mhm. Doing well, I'm gary.
Hello Brendan. Um um uh thank you for showing up. Uh I've done a few of these and quite often people don't show up, so Yeah,
yeah, that's good. Um So do you have a topic you want to uh start off with or do you just wanna chat?
Um in Georgetown Kentucky, it's a little north of Lexington Kentucky, so the central part and I have family live here, that's the reason I came back here, so I was living in texas before I came back up here.
Have you had snow already,
What? Yeah,
I spoke with the lady from, She was from Manhattan, she was moving
to Maine at one December and she was very happy because she was going to uh the areas that she was moving to, they routinely have three or four ft of snow on the ground for christmas
and so she was looking forward to that, I
told
her that you know I did not want to go, I can't imagine having that much snow, I've never been in a place, I had that much snow, so
We've been here in central Kentucky last year, The day before Christmas was like 82°..
So we
have,
Yeah, so we haven't had very much snow at all last year we had one snow that was about four and
it melted by noon, it was all gone. So we've been quite lucky the last really large know that we had here was About six years ago. So the global warming event is what the causes has really affected the amount of snow that we get here. So
Yeah. Does your area require that you have snow tires or do you, can you leave just normal um all weather tires? Mm
I think they do make a difference. I have some friends that live and um kind of the southern part of near Quebec and they they're area requires snow tires. Uh,
so
that's what they were saying. And uh, so the snow tires apparently does make a big difference.
Now I asked about the study tires and they said they, the good quality snow tires have taken the place of the studded tires. They said, if you're going in a place where there's a lot of ice, you would want studs, but just on streets that have been um, ploughed, uh, just a really good snow tires are, are the best thing to have and listen to. You don't want to. Uh, municipalities are concerned that you would tear the streets up with the studs. So,
um, two months.
Yeah,
that's
a friend of mine who, uh, he and his wife were furloughed over the economic checkdown and they started looking into things like this and they do some of just online surveys and I don't really want to do that. They were telling me about prolific, that's more science based. They it's more research based and I'm a researcher, that's what I do. And so, um well I'm a research analyst. I used to do research, but now and I oversee what other people do to make sure that
they
and I really enjoyed the process. So this was more um in line with what I'm interested in. So focus groups. And uh just over a process is interesting to me as to how are they going to use this data that we are producing right now? You know, that's curious to me as to uh I have a general idea just from reading what they've said, but you know, to get into it further,
you know, if they would provide that, I would like to know
for
you.
Well
now
the
other people have spoken to about this and
it's apparently the best theory is that they're developing and A. I. And they're using this to see how people of different age groups and different um areas can meet, see how well they will get along and see uh how well they can converse facial expressions um how easy the conversation
flows. Um So there's a lot of research on now into A. I. And not only I work in aerospace, we do research in that for A. I. But like the stuff driving cars, the computers wanting to build a more interactive um um Like google with the homepod with they have now the one that has the screen and it actually has a computerized face that will interact with you. They want to build one that actually looks like a person. Well the facial expressions will be realistic and they will talk to you anymore. Human voice mannerisms. Um Microsoft did a lot of research into it too. They had they're a uh convicts. B uh Microsoft
and
IBM the so it's supposedly building on that that idea. So but we probably
will never know. I don't think they will actually tell us. Mhm.
Well this is the only one that I've done. I really haven't. The amount of time that I am that I could get to it This like doing a half an hour here or you know 45 minutes that's comfortable. But if it was something more than that or more on a regular basis it may take away from the work that I do because I still work on site. We never did, we never did stop working on site because of the equipment that we use. We can't work from home and uh none of our projects are linked to the internet so we can't work from home office with our computers linked with the work computers. So yeah, so I've always been working on site the entire time.
well we have contracts with the federal government and so that was the only reason that we were being essential. If we
didn't have that,
if
it
was just
a contract with the company, we would not have been deemed essential.
The governor announced yesterday. Some more restrictions about
restaurants, hotels, bars um is getting much worse.
It really is. Uh huh.
We
had
Well
I agree
that areas that are having
you know that they should be open least partially,
but there is that are having problems uh you know, it's understandable that they would have more restrictions. Um
Well the governor of texas and the governor of florida, both were very big friends of trump, so they were following his lead. Um
yeah, but here um we have a Democratic governor but we have a republican um House so they have
to
kind of get along Oh yeah mitch McConnell and
all right. He
is so
well
liked
here though, you know, he the general population here really likes him. He's been very effective for Kentucky. Yeah, but I don't I agree with you, he's
for
the nation.
well you have to understand that the person that the democrats put up, Amy McGrath very well mannered, she's very she's a really nice person, has a good backstory. She was a pilot in the Air Force, very poor politician, she tends to get nervous when she's speaking and uh
it's just she was the wrong person, but sure it's over $100 million About 15 million here in Kentucky. The rest of it was from like California New York and those people gave her money so that she mitch McConnell would have to raise more money for himself here because his main job as speaker is to go around and help the other republicans that are up for election, raise money for their campaigns and help them. He wasn't able to do that as much this time because he actually had to campaign here and he even had a debate, they had a debate and
he made some mistakes. She was asking him about why they didn't pass the second stimulus bill. He kind of giggled and laughed at the whole thing, like it was a joke and
but I just watched that one part, it kind of gave me the impression that he's just the kind of person that when he gets nervous, he just kind of smiles, you know, it's a nervous smile that was the kind of smile that I took it as um, it wasn't that he was making fun of her, He just really, he thought what he, I guess he didn't know what to say because there's no way to defend what he did. Uh So, but you go in the urban areas, Lexington and Louisville in northern Kentucky. Amy won the majority of the votes, you go out in the country Mitch McConnell is very well. Donald Trump was Trump won by like 20 points in Kentucky, Kentucky is very rule, very conservative, very religious. Um The local area is very catholic, The rest of the state's very protestant. Um, but it's true anywhere. The urban areas are more liberal countries, more conservative countryside. Uh So it's like California, it's like two different states. You go south north of sacramento and you're in trump country. Um So yeah, they love trump in that part, going toward Oregon. Yeah.
it's
liberal around Portland and just like anyplace else the cities. Um
But
there's
huge,
there's a huge rural area forced between sacramento and going north to Oregon is a huge piece of, I mean you can put almost put Kentucky in that piece of land is that it's that big. And so not very many people live there though, a lot of small towns. Um but mostly people forced and it's near um like if you go from Sacramento to Lake Tahoe, you're you're going through country and those people are very conservative, but you go down to Los
los Angeles and I think there's very, very liberal. But I think it's like we're saying, I think that's true anywhere. Um,
but as far as Amy McGrath here, I hope she would do well and she did better than I thought she would do. And maybe someday she'll the idea right now she'll run for governor next time and maybe maybe she can win that kind of a race.
I mean, she's she's a good person, well spoken, she's a good family person, catholic, um, things that would matter to people here and it's just against somebody like mitch McConnell. That is, he is an excellent politician. He's been,
he's
done it
over 30 years. Um,
so
yeah. Uh, so he is the poster child for a while. They should have term limits. Yeah.
well,
yeah, but she is really, really well liked, but
she's been
very popular. Uh,
Yeah.
Um, I have some friends who live in Frankfurt and they really like her. Um But she's more moderate the speeches I've seen her give or rather the discussions that she's given like a town hall discussion. She seems very personable and really that she cares about people. Uh
So
you can tell when the leader is genuine and has a real interest in in the people you're talking to and she's one of those people. So but that's what makes a good country is if you have good leaders hopefully you know we'll get back to that
well I think he Bill Clinton Brooklyn was good and bad. Bill Clinton is the one that gave the,
he
was the one that gave the uh chinese government um kind of blueprints to the what then was the current fighter jets? He wanted something he got some things from them for it but he helped them advance their military and nobody found out about it until after he left office. So he had he did some things behind the scenes like getting in china as a member of the world of the World Bank. The I think is what it is the G. Seven Nations. Anyway. He helped china become more of a a member of the world group that sets policy for monetary and trade china deserves to be there. But he was the one that helped them achieve that. So some people are upset about that and Nafta he's the one that didn't have to. So
I mean so many factories here closed because there are no tariffs between Mexico and the United States. So if you could build the same product in Mexico and it Pay somebody $4 an hour instead of building a here paying some $18 an hour, Why
not?
I
so
Yeah. Uh so each person has had good points and bad points. I don't think anyone's
any of them in perfect. Yeah,
that
at
least
now, at least now we have one that at least when he speaks, you know, he's not going to be talking down to people or being making fun of people and on the world stage, he's not going to be embarrassing to us and other leaders not going to avoid him because they
just
don't want to have anything to do with the trappers.
Ostracized.
What?
if, if even if he doesn't, if he completes his first term, I think she is bright enough
and well liked enough to where if she ran um, she would probably win.
Well, a lot of the only thing that I've seen that any conservatives have said that they really dislike her for is these
four. No, not at all. It's she's for legalizing marijuana nationwide making it so it won't be a federal because it's still a federal crime, it's just some states have legalized, but the federal
government
has not,
so
But
taxes out. Uh huh. Tax terms, tax cut was a tax cut for the businesses wasn't cut
for
people.
Yeah. And some
of the
deductions
that
people could take before those were taken away, so people, a lot of people end up paying a lot more. So I think some people would really like going back to the way the tax code was. So even if they don't change the individual tax code, they should change the business tax, go back the way it was. Um So, but we have to wait and see because if they kept the majority in the house, if the Senate is if the two sentences in Georgia, our democratic, then it will be tied. So
yeah, Kamala Harris will be able to cast the topic tiebreaking
vote. But If the Democrats only win one, the republicans will have a majority and mitch McConnell would get to be um speaker again. Uh, So, but I didn't have to deal with that. He's going to deal with the republicans no matter what. All
So
Well they've already been talking that his people are preparing uh quite a few presidential orders, president decrease that he's going to sign the first day that he takes office. So he's like DACA were trump, tried to try to take away DACA, he's going to reinstate that, reinstate the United States to the paris accords for pollution. A lot of things that trump removed us from. He's the first day he's going to restore those so.
but
he that's that is the benefit of having someone who knows what he's doing
and
he's
he's
been
there for such a long time, he knows
what
needs
to be done. Yeah so
Um he was a biden was the senator for a long time and then vice
president for for eight years and so he knows what needs to be done. He notes
people to put
in place. Um I know I think we can be assured that under him all the ambassadors ambassador uh locations they will be filled, all the judge seats will be filled. Half of the ambassador positions around around the world for us. Embassies have not been filled trump. Just hasn't
bothered to do it.
that was his whole primary reason for wanting to be president was to put because that is a lasting legacy.
they kept the republicans kept saying that the democrats wanted to stack the Supreme Court. Well that's exactly what the republicans did as they put as many republicans in, or Republican appointed judges in as they could. Um So but now with the lack of having the Senate as a democrat controlled senate, he's probably not gonna be able to add three additional judges. Like the idea that, you know, was possible. He's probably not going to be able to add Puerto rico and Washington D. C. Is a state, both of those statehood. Uh I don't know if he can do that through presidential presidential decree. I doubt that he can because that's a
major
thing,
but that would be because those four senators would definitely be Democratic. So that would give the democrats control the senate and that would be the reason the republicans would not want to go along with it.
But
yeah. And if they went to the just a straight popular vote, that would, to me, that would help. I was speaking to someone, my vote here in Kentucky counted for less than someone in Georgia or Wisconsin or pennsylvania as far as the presidential election. It's okay that biden got what, five million more votes than trump. But if he didn't win the electoral college it didn't matter. It didn't matter for Hillary clinton. So my vote really is less important than someone in Georgia or Wisconsin or michigan your vote or Ohio.
but
they see that just shows you that every vote counts and everybody who
can should go about
it's like texas
if
the,
but
it's
getting
better though. Uh the
the differences.
You know
what,
it is
Well
there are a lot of people who consider themselves to be Reagan republicans instead of trump republicans
and
word.
Well the
regular
republicans,
regular republicans would be more um physically conservative uh lower debt. Which trump doesn't seem to care anything about the national debt
and
social
programs that are effective like Medicaid, Medicare, the
food stamp program or whatever.
Well
well people are misusing the word the republicans rented in the ground
socialism
is when the government owns the major businesses and they pick what jobs people going to have. That social programs are like Medicare Medicaid programs to help people in need. So there's a difference between socialism and social programs. There are two completely different things.
because
it sounded good on television. Uh,
Fox News
people.
Well trump like his catchphrases, you know, make America great and build a wall and all that kind of stuff. He paid for those catch phrases, There's a focus group, develop those and found those were the most attractive to people that where he was looking to have as his demographic. And so that's why he went with those. He didn't come up with those on his own. Those were bought and researched and you know, so
No,
the whole thing, everything, all those catch phrases you came up with, he didn't do it. He bought those from just like this company that's paying us to do this. There was a focus group. They had people, you know, does this phrase sound good? They would get people from a certain demographic, certain educational level, certain income level, you know what sounds
good to you, You know, and making Mexico pay for the wall that resonated, um lock her
up. That resonated um and
make
America
great
again.
I never knew America down. I never did get great. Never did. I didn't know when it was not great. It's always been a great country. I've never thought it was the greatest country on earth. You know? It's, we have the greatest military is our biggest claim to
fame. But
yeah. But we certainly don't have the best scores. Well not
colleges
we do,
but
elementary
schools in primary school.
What's like in the Netherlands? Uh, we were in um Amsterdam last summer, the police don't carry guns. The
the
army leads, do they have, like if there's um something happening, they'll have guys come out, they have the guns but the police walking around, they don't have guns.
No.
And
they're
at large
in Toronto. There's there's one high school There I know it has over 9000 students. So you would think that if there's something going to happen it would happen in a school that large.
So
For me too, that's about what I went. Let's go. Well anyway it's it's we've been on for what? At least 30 minutes.
no
it's a pleasure talking
with
you
and
good luck on any of the future conversations you have and and anyway you have a good day. I'll talk to you later. Thanks.