How are you?
I'm all right, it's uh it's been a pretty wild week, but I'm hanging in there all by yourself.
Nice to meet you, Give me my name is Brandon.
I've been pretty fortunate of all the ones I've done, I think I've done either six or seven of them. I only had one person I show up, so I've been pretty fortunate in that regard.
Uh We could just chat. I mean we could talk about where we live, that's where I usually like to start like where do you live for instance?
Okay, cool. Yeah, I have a good friend in texas. He, he lives near Dallas. He lives in a town called Mckinney. Apparently it's considered one of the greatest places in the US to live. Like people just love it there. I guess. He loves it there. East texas, born and born and raised pretty much like he's not leaving. That stays good guy there. Um I'm from michigan, I'm from wayne michigan, so that's a suburb outside of Detroit, about 20 minutes, I'm from Detroit, about an hour out from flint, uh about 15 out from dearborn, so got a lot of like metropolitan areas around me, uh pretty quiet suburbs area, you know? Nothing really to spatula about it, nothing really overdramatic, just a quiet area where people live, kind of
Thankfully, no, but we did have some freezing temperatures, we had 50mph winds on, I think Monday. It was very frigid. Yeah, it was like
okay,
what
who
I
am?
yeah, yeah, you just get used to it. I think when like, I've always been um in michigan, like I've lived in michigan my whole life, I've been to new york before, but only for travel, so I'm used to the cold, it's all I've ever known, I've never been on the west Coast you know I've never experienced the the warm climb that the december's without snow. I'd be interesting for me
but. Oh
I
can't even imagine that wow.
No.
Yeah we've seen like 11 12 inches of snow last year. We actually have a pretty mild winter I want to say maybe five or six inches which probably sounds like a lot for you guys down there but not too much for us. Um Yeah I remember as a kid there were some really crazy winters like 12 in. No. Yeah very bad. We just get used to it I guess Really?
No it's not required to have snow tower snow tires but most people um if they can afford them they do like the snow tires but it's not required at all.
you
kind of get some frigid frigid frigid winters, like they get black ice, like they're really bad.
I think so, yeah, I would traction. Yeah, let's slip and kind of sticks more to a surface. Yeah.
Yeah, that's not, that's understandable I think. Um so how long have you been on? Prolific? Um
Oh, wow, you're really new. Cool.
What
got you? What got you in here?
You're
probably familiar with the background processes on this? Yeah, interesting,
From
Yeah, for sure. Yeah, it would be interesting. Um what do you think this study's about? Like for instance, because I would love to hear your information because
you
have such a diverse background in research. So
I'd love to hear what you think
about
it.
It's
Well.
I
don't know.
you're probably
yeah they wouldn't probably tell us but yeah that sounds about right. Um Do you use other sites like that? I feel like with your expertise you could probably make like a fortune off this like especially with your research knowledge like um one on one moderate sessions of focus groups you probably qualify for a lot of that stuff with your background.
well that's good. At least that you've had such a good job secure especially during these unprecedented times. Like you're in a really good place, it sounds like that you know you're in such a secured field
But
there
is
nothing
I guess
I say uh yeah are you guys under lockdown again? Uh We start another lockdown here
for the
what?
Yeah I
think
they just need the full country lockdown honestly like what italy did that's always going away, you can have half the workforce at work and happen at home they're just not going to work. Yeah.
What
publicly?
or cool.
what?
I think like my friend in Texas for instance, he told me yesterday they just crossed one million cases and then at 5000 per day um Yeah we're at about 7 800 per day. So yeah that's pretty wild over five times as many cases as us. And again tax is a pretty big state as well though but still that very well down there and they haven't honestly done a whole lot of mandating there like he's even told me like masks are required at all. They're like you go out, go to a restaurant like yeah they definitely need to do more vigorous uh distance and requirements there for sure.
Yeah the governor George is like the brian kemp or something right? Yeah I I know he likes trump a lot. Yeah.
mitch
McConnell.
He's awful,
I can't
even believe
he was
re elected.
Is it
true?
I read something that like last time he was up for election, he won just simply because there was such a small turnout of people that like voted, so he kind of just got by by the skin of his teeth. Um I was surprised he won this time especially handled a lot like the cares act and what he did to everybody on unemployment like he's horrible.
don't wear that one,
they do. Nice.
Not surprised really, That's been his manner kind of throughout this whole thing really.
wow. I would never guess that because Oregon's uh liberal. I'm surprised
by that.
You're totally right though I guess. Yeah. When
you look
at the
urban areas in suburban yeah
anonymous.
Hi I'm sure. Yeah.
Maybe.
I mean
it definitely
is.
yeah
he's been in office, you're not been alive. Yeah,
pretty much. Yes. Um Yeah definitely. So I mean
at least we could be thinking with the president we do have term limits were not in Germany where you know you can run forever. Like Angela Merkel has been present in Germany for like 15 years. Energy is up and down the next election.
Angela
Merkel.
really
is.
I think
that's impression again. Yeah.
I was about to bring that up. We've honestly been lacking in leaders for quite some time. I did think Obama was a pretty good leader. He he did care a lot about people. He did his best on, you know, limited racial injustice. I think Obama was a pretty fair president for most, but I know a lot of people didn't really like him because of, you know, the things behind the scenes. But I think he was pretty good and all the categories accounted.
I've been a child when he was in office so I can't really chime in about him
at all.
so
They
did the same thing in India. That's why you see a lot of like online source for remote jobs. The indians grabbed all those so the same
exact thing.
They're going to continue doing that because you know, why wouldn't there is a business. If they can outsource it and get cheap labor, they're going to continue doing that. That's why they offer immigration honestly. So that they can get those people to work for low wages. Honestly,
there is no perfect.
no way, no,
every president, you know
made
some
If
you,
it's funny
you bring that up because I've seen a lot of pictures of trump with world leaders, like I I've seen trump with Boris and they looked like they got along pretty well over in the UK, They both conservative. So I saw them looking like they were pretty coming together. I see trump with Angela Merkel that was a little bit more distant. Um I believe I saw trump with santa marine from Finland and that was distant as well, I want to say. So definitely the pattern there, I mean it's obvious he's going to get along with conservatives. He's not going to get along with democrats too well and just kind of is with his pattern honestly. Um Yeah, biden administration should be, should be pretty interesting. Um I do think biden is going to step down though. I think this was to get a woman in office. I think biden is going to step down in common was to be the president at some point. That's what I'm thinking. What about you? Because I think that's why he picked her the whole time. I think that was the whole point.
You can get a female in office legitimate. I mean, we're just not there yet as a country.
What?
I think so, yeah, she's pretty moderate. So I think a lot of people from both sides can relate to her. You know, she's not really leaning liberal, leaning conservative. Yeah, she's pretty moderate. A lot of her beliefs early.
increase.
It's
the
color of your hair. Yeah. It's been from us for a while.
Again a lot of blue states. It's the criminalized. Yeah.
That's just the war on drugs. That's a that's a completely different topic really honestly. But yeah.
The one
personality.
Yeah, totally. Yeah. It's for the big businesses, for corporations for millionaires. It wasn't for the middle class so it didn't crinkle down. You know, we didn't see that
and
when
I know it's like
that.
That's what I was hearing. Yeah.
Testable.
for sure.
Yeah. I just like Obama did Obama double mitch McConnell's well it's gonna be the same deal for
I said yeah. He's been pretty proactive from we've been seeing on his plans and his guidelines. Yeah. He's been it's been working really diligently. It sounds like to make sure that by the time he seeks office you know he'll be
ready.
Yes because he's
been in
politics
for 40 plus
years,
47
years
I think
double my age nearly.
Good.
he knows that's just
well.
on
yeah I didn't really know that. Yeah I didn't look into, wow I know he's been really big on the Supreme Court judge that was the main goal for trump. Yeah
like long position. Yeah mm
I'm
not
sure. Yeah I don't know really I'm not sure.
Yeah that would be interesting if you know if they had the Senate and the House. Yeah we
probably a lot a lot of good positive change for sure.
yeah we turn blue again. Yeah, we kind of always
been a swing state
for
you're right. I think there's a lot of misconception that people think, hey, if I don't live in a swing state, I don't really need to vote. You're definitely right. You just showed anyway. Really
well.
They never
kind of, to be honest over there are blue vote providing wouldn't really count for too much really that kind of more just kind
of
goes
after.
I remember
saying they had a little bit of blue, but yeah, they're always going to be pretty conservative. Honestly, I don't see that changing
ever.
It's just pretty ingrained over there and and those people,
it's not really a bad thing. My friend from texas, he's conservative, doesn't like trump, but he's conservative and there's
a lot of people over there. I mean there's a lot of people there love trump obviously though
I've
heard that brought up. I mean I don't really know the logistics behind that because again, that's way before my verse. So
I I don't really know much about like Reagan's policies and plans or anything,
but
I
have heard that much and
Hey,
he doesn't
care that
trump
is brought off to cut those as much as you can. Honestly. He did another one I think for that as well. Like I think I wrote a few days ago, more cuts for that as well. He's really big on that. Yeah, he's totally anti any social services system. That's why I think it's so silly when people um a lot of people were staying with Biden is gonna bring socialism if trump trump is like 0% socialism and Biden would be like two or 3% socialism. So it's
still no, no. Honestly,
it does get misused at y all
the time.
I think people just kind of overlap and look at his one honestly.
But yet
I'm pretty much
lot of
the matter is that you know, they just hand over their favorite politicians saying they just roll with it pretty much. Yeah.
I didn't know that honestly. I would have thought because it seemed pretty genuine and aligned a lot with his views, especially building the while he was really hitting that and now I I honestly would have just thought he came up with that because that's been as clear as day for him. So that's pretty interesting knowing that there was like a process behind
it.
What?
well.
Yeah.
That
was a part
of
the one. Yeah.
correct.
Hands down for sure. Yeah. That's are pros, we have the military, we have to attack industries, we have guaranteed in industries, you know, those are very strong points for sure.
Well,
and you're pretty violent
nation
as well.
Honestly,
we're almost as violent as a lot of third world countries. I hate to say it, we're really violent and I don't like it really. Especially when you compare it to like Canada or Australia, like the amount of crimes committed there and the MTA crimes committed here is like establishing
Yeah. I'm not
surprised.
Yeah. They don't really need them because you
can't get one of those countries, it's pretty much near impossible and it's a good thing. It's too, it's too easy going and lacks here, get a gun and then it ends up in the wrong hands and the wrong person with the wrong mental disorder gets a gun. And that's what happens with the disaster. And that's why we don't see school shootings over there. It's few and far between. I mean how many students have there been in Canada? four or 5? The U. S. That's nothing that's a whole number for the U.
S. You know we've
had
like two weeks before.
Oh yeah for sure. Yeah that's a large
school wow. I think I went to high school like 450 people. So nine
we're definitely good. I was I was kind of waiting for for us to kind of cut off. I don't want to cut anything off. But yeah
we're good. It was nice meeting you. Gary.
it's
an
interesting
few. It's cool. Secret background.
Thank you. Have a good day to man by