Okay. Yeah yeah believed, wow. Mhm. Uh huh. Okay yeah thank you. Mhm. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah. Mhm. Do you? That's cool yeah. Mhm mm. Oh hi how are
you?
Or
is it okay I
can see your point,
I can see you here. Yeah
so
it's kind
of dirty.
worries. Yeah I can see you just this thing all
doing pretty well. Yeah we're doing pretty well. It's it's like late evening over here.
Oh is it? What where are you located?
richie.
Yeah California. So I guess it's a little bit earlier for me
than it is for you. Yeah.
Um a just a little after 888028 p. m. Yeah.
Right. Yeah so it's a little, yeah I guess not want to live here but
I was.
Oh so you like say okay well that's nice. I know my brother is also a knife person sometimes he'll stay up to like two or three am playing games or giving other things you know.
I know it goes by so fast. Yeah.
How I mean I
guess how how's your week been so far? Just started but
Yeah. Well that's good. Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
Everything. Yeah. That's
Oh no. I know like online. Yeah.
How
it's
so
I
know
it's
not bad. I know. I totally agree. I think a couple weeks ago I was like it's pretty stressed out from work and I wasn't sleeping. So then that weekend I had like a really bad headache and chills and it's like, oh my goodness like please do not write, let this be covid like I had gone out but it's like you never know like go to the grocery store right? Or going
to the big Yeah. And people here, I don't know how it's like in Virginia or what city you live in, but people here don't social distance anymore, like at the grocery store, people like pressed up behind me, I'm like, come on. Like I'm trying to give a six ft
space, but it's
so
hard.
no,
it's okay.
Sexual.
Hey?
Yeah, we have people here like in the capital protesting against mass and like other political issues and it's like, oh my gosh, like come on. Like it's pretty frustrating because it's like, you know, a lot of kids are at school already and they're still, I don't know, it's just, I'm not sure if you have Children. I mean, I don't, but you do. How is that like for you?
doing distance. Okay. Is
that is that difficult to kind of manage that all day or?
unfortunately.
And.
That's a good mindset yeah.
Well
come on play.
Unfortunately not here. Right. It's hard, I'm it's really difficult because here the air quality has been really bad the past week because there's fires all
over,
right, it's
it's just like so um usually in California gets pretty hard but like the last two weeks it was like Over 110° for two weeks straight which is terrible. And in san Francisco, the bay area there is no air conditioning because global
warming made it hot. So my friends still live there, they were like sleeping with ice packs and you can't sleep at night because it's still 90 degrees in your room and there's no a c you have a fan, it's like circulating hot air, right?
It's
just
so you're just kind of sitting there and then like the fires and the fire started because it was so dry, there's no rain right at this time, and like a lot of firefighters are like it's just so difficult and so right now the air quality, I think if you look at our api it's like very very negative. So going out, I was like, you have to even if you didn't have to wear a mask because of covid, you still have to know because the air quality is so bad. Like. Mhm. And I'm just thinking of people who are outside every day, like homeless people are people who are like jobs are to be outside, like we have a lot of construction going on here, and it's just like, I don't know, it's just crazy like.
But
this
is
hard.
It's so bad. Yeah, like
it's sort
of
earlier,
it's not, no, you you're every year there are fires, but this is like the worst one at least in my time living here. Yeah, there has been
in the weather.
I was just going to say it's really weird like there's been thunderstorms. So I think last week we woke up and it was humid and muggy and it reminded me of like florida and I was like, this is not California, California, we're not humid or like taught. Right? Yeah.
And it was just so humid. It was like just McGee. I don't know, it's just so bad overall, but like we're trying to deal with the best we can hear as well.
And
just move forward. Right. Have
you lived in Virginia for a long time? Uh huh.
Oh, nice. Where did you move from,
do you Really? Oh, nice.
Uh that's so
like
for,
Oh, nice. What can I, may I ask why you decided to move here?
That's
Well, that's awesome. So
were you very young when you move from Ethiopia to Germany?
Nice. Right. Well you've left across 33 different continents and so
And
Let's see. Okay.
that makes sense. Right, life is now here in the United States with your Children rising. Okay. Oh, that's nice.
Good.
Hopefully. Very long. Right. And maybe one day. Yeah.
sounds right. That sounds nice. I knew one of my old professors, she had one of her students. He actually married someone from a small town in Germany and he's like this big city boy from the United States and he looked went to Germany he's like oh that's a still used the city and skyscrapers. I think he was from new york city. So I was like just as you know as cosmopolitan as you can get and going to Germany where like his wife's family had a farm. He was just so unfamiliar with it. I thought it was kind of like a pretty nice different change
of lifestyle.
So
what makes you like I guess like change your mind after?
so like
go
ahead.
Or I guess like now it seems like you're more it seems like you're more content with staying you're right or.
That's
true.
I guess like what would you say? Um Is. no but I don't think better. It sounds like like of course I know the U. S. Has its pros and cons like what would you say like coming here were things that were really surprising to you like you know at first coming to the United States and Germany a lot of money. Okay
Wait
It's
Like what is? Yeah. Oh my goodness. Oh
ball
but
that's
That's oh
right right. Exactly. Oh no. Do you like what I guess what or what did you what do you do like currently?
Also
the area.
Okay let's, yeah.
Yeah. Right. Hopefully
no more saturday ships. That's
you're
there
All right that's not yeah I can't imagine that. Yeah, that's that's
um what do what do I do? Uh Yeah, so I'm a product designer. Um So basically designing applications and websites currently,
you know, it's been great. I I currently
work with.
Uh No, so I also immigrated here but I was three years old, so um
so that
Yeah. That's right. Yeah.
Um So I guess like I consider California really my home now. So I yeah, so um my family is from Taiwan and then also china. So we do have family in both countries, but obviously with the current situation we can't go back to china, which kind of sucks. Honestly. Really sucks.
Right. Um But I feel like, I don't know. I think I kind of like what you were saying earlier is like even though, you know, I still try to keep in touch with my cousins and aunts and uncles, it's hard to maintain that sense of culture, cultural connection because when we went back the last time was in 2018 and like I just felt like everything was so different. Like one of my cousins, she's like a little bit older than me, but she was already married, she had like a daughter who was in elementary school. It's just like the way we talked it was it's not how you would talk to someone here in the United States. Alright. That's how I talk to my friends, like, right? Because I'm like, right, like in chinese culture is a lot of ways address things and I was just like, maybe
I talk
somebody
similar.
Oh, because you're so
Yeah. So we understand. Yeah. Right? So it's like you're right, like you said, there's like certain ways you trust things, you can't be as open and things that maybe you can talk to about with your friends here when I bring it to my cousin. They were just like, why would you say that? And I was like, oh, I don't know, like, right. Like I broke a rule. And then my mom was like, maybe you should be a little bit more careful. But I was like, I don't censor myself when I talk to my friends or like, at least with some of those parts. So yeah. So I guess like,
So yeah, I guess after all of that, it's like, I still feel like my home is here in the US. It's an interesting, I think given the political dynamics nowadays, I don't want to, we don't have to get into like a different thing. But I think it's been interesting and I feel like with Covid it's really also made like asian americans reflect on what our home is, right? Because it's like, are you american or you know anyway, that's another thing. But it's been it's been good being in California
like
it's
true.
Like what? I know.
I know.
I hate
when people
say
that.
I
shall
listen.
Right. It always bothers me when people say you should know about your culture, be part of your culture because it's like, what does that really mean? Because it's like like being in the United States for being a Germany, you have a completely different experience in your family in Ethiopia, right? So it's like how can helping and you don't tell you, it's like you don't tell your family needs, you go like try to understand american culture. Just like how I wouldn't tell my cousins understand american culture. I wouldn't expect them to know that. Right. So,
I
know.
Thank you. I know.
I don't mm hmm. I
guess.
I know. Okay.
If you live right here in a multicultural, yeah. It's a nice thing. I guess. I just never understood why people, I guess of course they said everyone's different. Other people try to like in circumstances like I feel like you know in the US great things like unique people, all sorts of backgrounds. And I never, I feel like I don't go around telling you, oh, you should learn about your culture, your from Mexico or from spain. Like just like it's not appropriate to say to someone even if your family, but it's always interesting.
I don't
feel
the same way.
Right? Just leave
my life
alone like.
All
Yeah. Yeah.
You're right. I guess like you mentioned you have Children. How do you? I used a mutual were born in the United States. Like do you like talk to them about like, you know, culture and background and like their family or?
All right. Like you have to learn this and that. That's good. Yeah.
Two.
All
Right. I understand how you feel. Yeah, like you said the switches so right. Like you have to like pretend I would pretend like transform yourself and you come back here and then you're just kind of like, oh, what just happened? Yeah.
It's
Mhm. It's Yeah.
Do you feel like so, and I remember like, so my, one of my high school language teachers was german, I remember maybe these are, I don't like buying stereotypes, but like he would always say like a lot of things that when he came from Germany to the U. S. Bothered him, but he was like for example, he said americans are never punctual. I know in Germany people talk a lot, he said capital punctuality. So he's like let's say class began at nine a.m. And we got there at nine a.m. He would just feel like you're late. And I remember everyone was like what? It's not A. M. It's more on time. He's like no you have to be five minutes early and then even then you're only on time. So I was at the concept was so interesting and I think that was good though because now I realized, you know, working people are always late and I'm like, that used to as a student I think didn't bother me. But now I'm like, And like interviews once I had an interview and this person was 10 minutes late and they didn't really apologize, they were like, Oh I was busy and I was like, but you know that you have an interview today, right?
Like
everyone's
busy. Exactly.
Like what
do you want me to take my
time
and
good
I know.
Oh my goodness,
And
Which
is
I
know, 100 completely, like 100% agree with it. I don't understand that saying, like you said, there's a lot of people who I think when they may be like, they come off as like entitled when they talk to anyone who works in the service industry, like restaurant workers, right? Um delivery men and women, like, Yeah, I don't understand that, but it's it's interesting. I'm not sure if it's different in Germany or in Ethiopia. I think in like Asia, it's different. No, no, not like that sense of entitlement, basically. I don't know.
It's so
striking.
Right. Yeah. That sucks.
Hey,
I agree with
it doesn't,
but I guess, yeah, kind
of interesting how that dynamic plays out here.
Yeah. It's pretty, it's really interesting and I feel like, like you mentioned that's always a good test, but not like that. Like, you know, tested people's character. I feel like once we were out like out of work, kind of like a lunch before Covid and just like seeing her like my coworkers to treat people. I was like, huh? Like you're really nice to other tech workers, but then you're like, kind of, sorry, an asshole when it comes to people who are serving acquitted. Why? Why is that? So it just makes me like, right. It's like, you know, like you're like, hey, where's my or my utensils? Where's the food? It's like if you see the restaurant's busy that I could observe you first, right. Or those kind of things. I was that it was really interesting and kind of like made you made me feel like, oh, like change my perspective. Like, you know, are you only nice to people who are deemed important and people who are not deemed
is important?
Right? Like you said.
Yeah. And you can then they should yeah. Yeah. That's interesting.
They should
be ready.
Right. Don't treat them.
Just.
I completely understand.
Yeah. Right. And I think what's nice and I was like I just remember this one time like here when things were like curbside pickup and I went to pick up some food from my parents and the person was like oh she's like like the first nice person I talked to today. And I was just like it's like it was like like dinnertime seven p.m. And I just felt so bad for this poor person who's like bagging food for people exposing herself potentially right to covid. And I guess other customers are probably just really rude. We're like where's my food? Um you know that kind of thing? And I don't know
maybe I feel really sad because. Yeah.
Right, you're right
and
I guess
The person
who
was
let's
all
Yeah and that's understandable because that's not right how he did that Yeah, anymore.
I
if
it's not that hard, right? You're not like asking for complicated
orders.
geez,
but
that's
no.
Oh no, so
it's
That's terrible. Yeah. With
cheese
I'm hopeful. Oh yeah, sorry that happened, that's so stupid.
that's
the
greatest.
cheers
but
shit
like
No.
that's
good.
What's this her like first bad experience with that store because it sounds like you've been there before
And they're
good.
Thanks.
Right. Exactly. Exactly. And it's like you're right. Like, like I'm sure you know, you and I would both face difficult, have bad days, you have to go to work and you have to be like professional, right? And it's like if your coworkers approach you and ask you a question, you're not going to yell with them, right? It's like, you know the bad day, you have to be like, all right, let me just think about work and
so
you
make it Right.
He just kept going, going, going okay.
Listen.
That's not right. And like slamming your food around, that's even worse, like
someone's
gonna
eat
it.
There's no point in doing that. Like, I mean if I yelled at you, I mean that's bad too, but then he shouldn't be like throwing things around and
swimming,
jesus.
right. Were there any
other
costs?
It's
the hard to tune it like you just slide it under the bread like come on dude or are there any other customers like at that time or just you?
I'm not autistic.
well after he finished his whole temper temper.
Let's go take your business elsewhere.
over
here
it's
Very expensive sadly. Yes, it's so bad. So I used to live in the Bay Area San Francisco and I'm sure you've heard of one of the most expensive housing markets here. Um for I think a one bedroom, depending on which neighborhood or which city average would be around 3000 I think.
Yes and 30 years more than someone's mortgage. Isen't that terrible.
shitty
like honest. It was a shitty one bedroom, one bathroom. Like how we 700 square foot I don't know like apartment. It's not even great. No
A. C. Because apparently never got hot here before until the recent decade. Um So now I'm back with my parents in um the capital Sacramento which is so much cheaper but unfortunately because everyone is in her home, a lot of these rich tech people are coming to sacramento buying houses here and housing has been going up. I don't know if you've experienced the same in Virginia but over
here it's
just
What?
it's
it's
exactly I know it's so it's really bad. I mean to hear at least the housing market's okay. The mortgage is mostly like I think houses in our area around the 400 to 450,000 range which is I'm not sure what it's like in your area but here it's actually good. Um
it's good. Okay. Yeah here too.
I'm
kind of
no those crazy. Yeah. It's bad like I think someone I know they live in like san Francisco a little south of san Francisco and san Jose I guess in Silicon Valley. And then um they bought their house in the 19 eighties when it was so cheap over here. Right? And then they just sold it and it's like this fixer upper house that sold for over a million. I was like no one would I would never pay a million for like a piece of crap like falling apart. You know like I hadn't been really the owners, they have not really done renovation so they're just very poor looking house and
yet
someone,
the area, it was
OK.
Like. No.
It was I guess okay. Like it used to be better. I think it may be um the quality was kind of little but still decent. Um But I thought it was interesting how so many people offered them millions and in the end, so like you said maybe the area and I know there were some good elementary schools, maybe people who are looking for their Children.
Right. It's
still
normal.
that's true.
Thank you.
Thank you sir.
He's like,
oh yes, that's right. They have, yes. Right. I thank
you.
Right. No, I know. You know I think I am I reading that baby. Yes. Yeah, I hope so too. It's I think typically we have fire season but this year sort of early it's more severe and with Covid it's like three big factors all at once. Uh
Right. Exactly. The domino
effect.
510
minutes.
It's, you know, it's just overall been such a bad year I think for everyone. And I just feel like like this, like I'm going to know every year, but everyone has hardships and I just feel like everything is just magnified for some reason maybe because of it. Right? Like if you have someone passes away, you can visit them because of covid restrictions and what them. Yeah.
And
it's like terrible. Yeah.
It,
I know.
Hey.
know.
I was,
you
teach
you
the new, normal,
whatever. Yeah,
Whatever.
That would be fine. I know. But like, you know, we like to think about back in january things were so different. Like I remember like going on vacation and I just never thought like in two months everything would shut down. So Yeah.
I think
right. But no one listens. Yeah. So
I need
you.
It's something
Right. And I think it's scary because like with fall approaching, right? Like I don't know if you're sick or you have Covid or you both. Um Yeah.
It's your what?
hope so. They're working hard. We can just do our best, right. Like you said, what
we can
do.
exceptionally.
Apple.
I that's true. But like you said, you know, we can alter your best and try to educate others and hopefully hopefully this year old thing, something better. Yeah.
Well,
it's good talking to, you know,
also take care and
have a good
night over there.
All