How
do you get to know you? And thank I'm trying
to fix my camera
you
can see.
Was
going
sideways
at 1st. Oh
How are you doing?
I know when I saw like the time slot they gave me, I'm like that I saw 11 PM more 11 a.m. So I had to check it like three times. Like
I'm Virginia. I'm sure you're
in a different state. Right?
that's
Oh you guys at what time is it?
We have here at 11:00.
I mean for me would be Way too early. 8:00. I
am a knight on.
Once it hits like four p.m. Suddenly I look up the clock and it's like eight o'clock like what happened or to eat late at the time.
Yeah.
So
yeah. So far. Okay so far so good. Can complain.
Just some 8-8 do you say X. Like some Yeah, here
and there are other than that
everything so far good.
And then now with the covid situation it's like hard to see a doctor like okay maybe should I just diagnose myself?
I
know, but then online like when you type in all the symptoms it gives you like all the possible
thanks is
like wait
no,
I
don't want
That's the thing.
I
think
that's
sorry for interrupting
you.
I think that almost an every state that not all of them follow what they are supposed to
do. It's like, you know the six ft and then the mosque and I think so. You know the people wearing masks have the people, they just don't care. You know, So I think it's an ever seat. It's Yeah,
I know.
The moment at home constantly.
Yeah
it is. But you know, at some point you have to get used to it. So the thing is like if you don't have um options like for example with the virus there's nothing we can do right?
So I'm like okay what's better for me accepting it and just try to deal with it as best as I can or complain about it and
just, you know, it's not going to help me. So
yeah, I mean it's you know that's not
like being stuck at home because of the snow for like a week. It's not like that, you know, so that's something that's going on for a long time now.
So at some point it's better to accept it and then just try to make the best of it. But not everyone thinks that way.
The
fire situation,
what's going on this time?
my
Yeah, it makes
it
or not.
I mean I know you guys have like fire every year but
I feel
like
this time
it's even worse than
so
it's
not
just my imagination. Right?
I was
no go ahead.
I airport yeah.
I mean you know there are things you just have to deal with it if you don't have any other option you just have to deal with it and then
you know.
my
since I moved to the U. S.
I. Um I was living in Germany.
I know
the
place
where now we are now prohibited to go to. Okay.
Oh I have family members here. Yeah and um like I was born in Ethiopia and then I moved to Germany I grew I stayed there I think um close to 12 years, 15 years or something and then I moved to here to the US. So
I have like family members all over the place.
But yeah
Um I was like 12. Yeah I was 12. Yeah so now I'm here I think this will be my final distance.
Yeah this will definitely be my last destination. Yeah. I mean when you're young you don't mind. Like it's easier but when you get older it's just like going
or moving somewhere and starting all over. I mean it would be nice but then when I think about it it's like I don't think I'll be able to make it. I mean even now when I think about maybe moving back to Germany it just I mean I'm okay somehow with it but then it gives me anxiety Because I left the country in 2006 Germany
so I mean even though I you know I listened to the news and I saw my brother still lives there and everything, but it's still, you know, I don't have much of a connection. So
But you never know. You know, I still have, I still
have, I don't know how many years to live. So who knows?
mainly I will, you know when I retire, I'll move there. Mhm
edit.
Yeah, definitely. It is. It is. But
you know, like after I can't, I moved here like after one year I was like, you know what? I'm not going to stay here. I want to go
after a year or uh
wanting to go
back
to me.
At this point yeah. But then like I said, you never know like in a few years
and
I'll be like, you know what? Okay, I'm tired of this. I want to go back.
to be honest, I'm not sure. I think the way, like, well, how do you say the way of life? Like, he's completely different than what I was
used in Germany, You know, it's like, um you're like, everyone is like, everyone is on their own. You know, I'm saying everyone's like, it's a busy life and everything and over there, I mean, even though I was working, I didn't feel much stressed out, to be honest.
You know, I still had my clarity's and Sundays off. I didn't work saturday, but like, after I moved here, I worked, like on Saturdays, like when I started my first job here, and then when they told me, you have to come in saturday, I'm like, excuse me why?
I
was thinking, okay, my work
would be like, from monday to friday and then I'm done that.
Like, no, no, no, no, no, no, you still have the friday and you still have to saturday. I'm like, oh my God, so this is how it is. While I like people even work on Sundays and I'm like
it's not it's not what I set up for.
Um I'm a business analyst, so
for now
at the moment, here at the moment I work from home.
to the situation, you know? Which is nice.
You
oh no, we don't work Saturdays. No, I mean after that, like after
that
job I said I don't want to have any job that requires me to come in on a saturday.
What about you?
That's nice.
You
like based on like based on your you don't even have an accent, but were you born here?
that's okay. That's why because
yeah, I was going to say, wait, either she was born here or she came here when she was really like maybe one year old or something. That's what I was thinking.
so do you go back home once in a while or?
I know. I know.
it's the same
in our culture, believe me and I'm
like
I now it's hard for me to identify with that part
like you. Yeah.
No, I understand what you mean completely.
No and
I understand what you mean. Especially especially for you came here when you were three, right? At
least
I was a little bit older. So but then still people are like you need to know your culture. It's like excuse me,
listen, I
left my
country
like
over
20 years ago. Like I have no idea. Like if I have to go back there and have to live there, I'll be lost. Even
though
I have,
I still have family members, I'll be completely lost.
exactly. When you are here that you need to know your culture here and then home, how you need to know your own countries cultures like can
you
like just leave my life the way I see it.
I was like
I
mean
it means that I have to like I have to pay attention to my Ethiopian culture, to my german culture and then the american culture is like what's next, you know?
Yeah, I mean I have never said that to anyone either. I mean because I don't do that so I cannot expect from someone to you know
it's
like
you know just you know
you
want
exactly the way you
I mean oh
but all the generation is a little bit straighter.
Not, I mean a little bit, but not too excessive, like not, you know, not the older generation.
I remember when I go to um when I used to go to my um grandmother or back home or everything, you know, you have to act
and like at the people back home like you have to behave
the same way. But then like you go there or for me personally, I go there like once in every, I don't know how many years, you know what I'm saying? It's hard for me to switch and then be exactly like them is like, suppose sometimes I'm like, oh my God, you should not take this.
But then between here and Germany, it's not much different. So you don't have to, like, you don't
have to pretend. But then back home, like the same as in your situation, it's completely different story,
you know?
I
mean that's not a good answer. I was busy going to interview.
That's not
Yeah.
You
could
say something like, oh, I had a flat tire, I had to pump
my that would I think
a little bit. I haven't, no, I was busy. You're busy,
You make the appointment. It's one thing I was like, I was shocked to see was when I moved here. Like with the people always just say, I don't know if it's a saying or whatever it is, The customer's always right.
I'm like, excuse me, what do you mean? The customer's always right?
Like, so a customer comes and yells at me or whatever. So it means like he has the right to yell at me. That's what it means.
They're
like, no, no, no, no, whatever the customer wants and sees or whatever. He's always right. Or she's already okay. That part. That was like I it took me a long time to get used to it. And even now I still have a little bit, you know, it's like, what do customers? Right. I mean, I know the customer is wrong then. Why should I say you're right? Don't worry. You
know?
Yeah. I don't I mean I mean Germany when I was in Germany, I don't remember being that way. That's what I'm saying. Like when I came here,
my
first job was like, I don't know what happened. There was something going on and then my coworker was like, no, okay here and America is different. It's like the customer is always right. And then I'm like, what do you mean? The customer is always right. What? Okay. This part. I don't understand what you mean.
You know, she's like, I don't know whatever happens and whatever the customer says there or tried. I said okay this doesn't
make sense. I'm sorry but this doesn't make sense.
You
know?
Again?
I mean that part, I really don't understand it. Even um sometimes like some of the customers they go somewhere and they're like they feel like okay everything has to be us to um revolved around them. That part was like really come on please. You know? But hey, I guess this is the culture we are. Mhm.
That's
what I'm thinking. That's what I'm thinking. But that's how some people are.
It's like okay, they bring us our food. But then at the same time you don't have to treat them like they are your personal butler or something. No.
I mean even their own battle. Their personal
about
nice but they won't think like, you know those people are doing their best.
exactly. I mean you can see it nicely or you can see the calmly or whatever. Like
if they bring you called food, you just need to say excuse me. Can you know in a friendly way and not just like, hey, what's wrong with what's going on with my food? You know that
part, that part. It just makes me, but hey, I guess there's nothing we can do about it.
We,
you know, I mean some, some people are just over the top to be honest.
Like
dug
a hole just just, you know, come down and yeah, but then once in a while you also have like not service. I had an incident like a few days ago I went to pick up a food and then so I ordered the food and then I forgot something. So, and then I asked like, is it possible to get like, you know, tuna on the sandwich? This guy was he went off on me
and then
he
just, yeah, the person who was preparing my foot, he just went off me and then he
was he just bumped the bread on the counter. I was just looking at him like I said, are you okay? All I asked was like to have to know my sandwich. That's all I'm asking. I'm not asking for free food or something. Just went on and on and on. And I said, you know what? This was the last time I came to your store. This is it. I mean, I
was like, I was so pissed.
I mean in this situation sometimes I understand the customers if they go, if they get mad, you know? But then
I'm like, all I asked was like to
not on my sandwich. That
thank
you. He just dumped the sandwich on the counter. He just threw it on. And
then he's like, you could have told me that in the beginning when
I
excuse me, but I forgot like, and then the water was not even for me. It was from my sister. So she told me like after once I was done about,
hey, she told me she's like don't forget the tuna,
like
you don't, you don't tell me that. And then I said could you please put, he just went on and on. I was like, oh
And then I asked him, okay, where can I get a drink? He just continued yelling at me. I'm like,
oh my God, where's the camera there? Camera?
And then I said, you know what? This was the last time I came to the store.
This
is
I mean there was another lady who worked with him, she
was just looking at us and be like
what's going on, what's going on? I
don't know
if he was just a worker there or one of the managers or I'm not
sure exactly, she didn't say anything, she was just looking at us and I'm like you know what I'm done for today, let me pay let me get out. That's it.
And
then I left.
Yeah. I have been there before. I mean
it's like
it's close to my house maybe like five minutes. So I have been there before but I have never seen that guy there, I don't know if he just started or I don't know, I have never seen him there. So I'm like and then I was
thinking maybe he had a bad day or something but then even if he had a bad day why is he yelling at me? I asked only Fortuna. That's it.
Like what they say you have to make it till you make a call to pick it until
you make
it right
so you have to like you know But then I was about to ask him like did you have like a bad day? Maybe why you're yelling at me? But then he didn't even let me speak that's not
he said okay can I pay? And then I paid, took my food and left. I said this
is the last time I came to the store. So I don't know even I mean even if you had a bad day you cannot just scream at people like you know.
that's the part
where
I was
at
that point I was just really mad. I said okay why do you slam the bride on the sandwich on the counter?
No
he threw the sandwich on the counter and
then he just kept he just started yelling at me and I was looking at him and said all I asked was like tuna because I forgot
you
should
have told me that before. Now I am done now you I
said oh my
And then someone came in
once I finished no I finished pain and then a customer came in.
So I was like you know what, I don't I don't have to come here. I mean there's another sandwich store so
this was crazy. So how is life anyways
in
California
expensive. I know.
Excuse me.
Is it like made out of gold? The house. Oh
my
my
It's
it's
different depending on the area. Yeah.
Yeah. I mean that's I mean it's nice for them like they can afford it but then it makes it expensive for other people who are maybe thinking about buying a house and then you have maybe the money saved and you have like borrowed the money and everything you think okay I can't afford it and then suddenly those people come in you know and then the price goes up and
then whatever you have on your hand, it doesn't
even buy you a one bedroom apartment.
450,000 is good.
I mean it's still expensive but I think depending on how the houses and everything that's I think yeah it's kind of okay price.
It's
expensive. It's still expensive like I said. But yeah I mean compared to like millions. So.
but
what
about the area? Is that
maybe
it's
is it like an expensive area then? Probably done it. It's worse for them to buy that house.
I mean there are quite a few factors what makes the houses you know be this expensive. So even like if it's about to fall off
just
for the area
like half of it you pay for the area and the other half maybe for the house or like a quarter of it for the house you know So yeah
I don't know. I hope you guys will get the spire situation under control.
I hope
like a few was it yesterday or something? Um I think it was yesterday like the governor or the other one? He asked
is it Australia for help?
then
I had it right. I was thinking with what do you mean? He asked Australia like what about the U. S. Government like what's going on?
I mean that's a you know most of the time that's what it is when one thing starts done comes the next one comes the next one you're like okay when is it going to end like
I mean look
at 2020 years almost over.
I mean we still
have a few more months ago but you know.
Yeah. I know. I mean this coverage
is like
she just put us upside
down like
the entire world. It's
not like this America to the entire world. So
I hope
it will be under control at some point and then you know we
can
get
back to
whatever.
not the old life but I think you know similar
to the old dive like just half of it that would be fine.
exactly. I mean I'm sure no one has expected it except maybe the scientists because they know what's
going on.
Not as I didn't expect like I thought maybe okay they will be one or two months and then it will be you know
they will find
something it will be over and we can get back. But like every day when I woke up in the morning
and I turned on the tv there's something or it's getting worse or it's like oh my God.
That's the thing with the flu season that's what all the scientists or doctors or whatever that's where they are worried about. So anyways I hope I hope something will happen soon.
That will come up with something. Right.
We
should
do our part and then they will do their part but unfortunately not everyone follows whatever
you know the
role is.
Yeah. Yeah. You keep yourself safe, keep everyone safe. It
was
Yeah it was good talking to you too.
Have
evening.
Good night,
bye bye