Mhm. Mhm. Just, mm. And Uh huh, mm. Mhm. Mhm. What? Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Oh. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Great. Really? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Oh
good, how are you? Yeah. Yeah, so this will be an interesting study. Mhm.
I
don't
know.
this is actually my first one so uh yeah it's my first time doing yeah chad study so I guess I don't even know when there are, so it's kind of cool. There we go. Oh excellent,
so hard that we've been going,
I don't
know.
no, are you getting sick? Oh
thanks, Tiny firm sponge. I swear that's that's what kids do, they're just kind of like you know, meant to sort of spread germs and viruses everywhere, but they're so cute, they do such a good job of it. Yeah. Oh
you know how many kids do you have?
that's awesome. So I have uh no kids myself not as of yet. So that will so you know you know,
but I do really like sleep quite a bit and I hear that that's like the number one thing that you give up when you have kids is I don't know sleep. And then um is and I like both of those things. Mhm.
but
no.
good, good. So how old are you girls? Mm.
that sounds really cute. So what are their names? Do you mind me asking? But I just I love kids, I used to actually I used to work with kids um as a program director of the nonprofit and my favorite stuff that I got to organize with stuff for the little kids. So so if you don't mind me asking, that's
anyway.
this is so cool. Those are unique names I love. So what made
you discern? Oh yeah, go ahead.
Mhm. I know what you mean. My name was like the # seven most popular name or something
like that in like 1997. But I was born in 88. And so suddenly like throughout all of my middle school years I was just surrounded by all of these little toddlers named Caitlin and I can't stand it, I can't stand this. So I refused to go by Caitlin. Like I cannot stand it at all. The most basic like suburban softball team name and I just I can't stand it. Yes they did. So I just go by Katie and we just keep it keep it generic and keep it general. My God. Oh sorry. Well now you know that fun little tale about me. Sorry. Yeah.
Oh man. So uh we are all of us um in my family. I mean like our first names are pretty kind of generic and typical, but at least we have, you know, a little bit of uh you know, kind of fun with our middle names. At least my parents kind of had like yeah a little bit more fun with our middle names. So, but yeah, I mean we, we kind of locked out there, so now I'm going
to
guess
by the Green Bay, mm
what
was
it?
Yeah and they're all john I don't know. Oh my God,
I'm gonna guess by the Green Bay Packers. How do you get your a midwesterner? And you know you're a little midwesterner as well too, although I'm from Iowa and so yep, yep, yep.
my God, I'm let's see myself personally, I don't really follow a bunch of sports, I'm sorry you kind of cut out for a second. Why are you asking if I follow sports? Yes. Okay, cool, Okay. Sorry. Yeah, the sound kind of quick second uh myself, personally, No, I don't tend to follow a ton of sports. Um but my partner is a big cowboys fan, so uh whenever the cowboys are on. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's kind of what we're watching, I'm like, all right, cool, sounds good. No cowboys, but I mean I'm not emotionally invested in any one team. Uh but baking competitions like great british bake off, I'm very emotionally invested in how will someone is able to make, like, you know, scones or, or a victorious fund, then I'm I'm all about it. And uh yeah, so every week I'm watching a new episode on netflix, and my partner jesse is like, oh, it's time for Katie Super Bowl. Yeah,
I don't know. I don't know. So.
right, right.
And so actually, yeah, I did a ton of baking this last weekend. I'm trying to make, we've lived here uh in our house for about like three years now. And we're slowly getting like all of these new neighbors outside of like our next door neighbors who've probably been there since like, I don't know, like the, the korean war or whatever. They they're they've been here like the longest, and then it was us. And then all of a sudden we have like these new neighbors that have just, you know, bought houses all around us. So I'm trying to get to know like all of our new neighbors and I figured the best way to do that is to just like bribe them with baked goods. So I've been doing a bunch of pumpkin rolls, that's what I've been doing. I figure like everyone loves the pumpkin roll. So I've just been baking tons of pumpkin rolls, and then walking them around all the neighbors. And I mean, customer are it seems to be an all right social experiment in like how to win over friends. Well, it seems it seems to work OK, seems to work OK. But
but yeah,
I
don't
know a pumpkin roll. So it's like, so have you ever heard like a swiss cake roll? It's like a chocolate cake that you rolled up? Yeah, so it's like that. But um So yeah, it's just like a pumpkin cake, and then you roll it with cream cheese frosting and it tastes like dreams and Starlight, and it's it's like my favorite fall dessert ever. Um
Probably, yeah, it's it's crazy good. It's crazy good. So um yeah,
I just like, want to start like, swapping midwestern recipes right now, because once I get down the baking avenue, like that, well, I talk about so I'm gonna go ahead and switch gears, because otherwise you're just going to hear about years and pie for like, the rest of, you know,
for the rest of our time. And it's probably like the last thing you want to hear about? Mm.
Oh my God. So what do you do for a living?
A phone? Phone factory.
After I was like, a phone factory in the US.
Like, what? You know, I was like, no way, does not know. Okay, following a factory. Okay. That's kind of cool. So like, like for packing materials, or is it for?
Like, like the the late night infomercial guy that my pil ho
no
weapon,
He really is. So
are there any insider secrets you can tell me about? The my pillow. Okay. Just please. Oh
that's hilarious. Now I can say
like I kind of know someone who knows like the my pillow guy. I don't know why that just like thrills me to no end. I think it's hilarious. Oh my god.
Uh
So sad. You know Is it? That's just hilarious. So how do you like like working in manufacturing? I I ask cause I also used to work in manufacturing. I joke that I'm like a Jacqueline of all trades because like I've been everything from like a barista to like working at Polaris and manufacturing to like being like you know one of the executive team members at a nonprofit and then like now I'm a graphic designer. So so my resume looks really more but but yeah, I'm curious as to like what your how do you like working in manufacturing?
Oh, that's nice, That's great
because I remember I remember going working um Remember when working
on the line that we had like a fair amount of turnover, you know I mean? But you would always have like we would have like new people suddenly just it seems like almost every week, but then you would have you know those guys that were like there since the 80s, you know, and there was like no in between, there is no in between and it was really interesting and so Oh my gosh.
But
Yeah, I mean like you know, they just they're I think they're that generation where they found a good job that you know that you'll set them up for retirement well and that's great and you know, it's it's kind of cool and I I often wonder about you know Like myself being, you know, I'm a little over 30, right? It seems like almost everyone in my like kind of age bracket and demographic like were either, I don't know if it's that we're not finding those jobs necessarily that allows us to be able to stay there until we're in our sixties or if we are just more naturally inclined to bounce around, but I'm not exactly sure, so kind of interesting. So
I'm
always
curious.
I actually, so I work at like a promotional product company, so um
I do everything
that is as simple as like slapping someone's logo, like on a beer Cuzzi um all the way up to, you know, like creating designs,
uh you know, for
like t shirts and printed materials and that sort of thing. And those are the
projects I get really excited about what I get to kind of like chew on them a bit more versus like, you know, slapping a logo on a beer Cuzzi. Um Yeah, yeah, and right now with the holidays, it's kind of cool because I'm doing um uh
one of my favorite clients is organizing
this like family game night and so we're putting together this whole like kit to be able to give to families at this outdoor social distance event they're doing. Um and it's going to be really quite cool, so it's gonna have like a booklet with like different kind of game rules and like I'm even constructing and designing the cover that it can be taken apart from the book and be used as like a, like a board game, kind of like a chutes and ladders esque board game. And so I don't know, I just,
anytime I have an opportunity to completely overthink and over design a project,
I get really thrilled, I'm like let's throw as much effort into this as possible,
it's gonna be really fun, so Yeah, yeah, yeah, and I've probably been there, yeah, I've been there for uh like over 3.5 years now, so Oh, that's
someone,
Um I would say I get to be creative probably about like 20% of the time, and I wish I was allowed to be creative more like 40-50% out of the time. Um because I need that like good balance of, you know, kind of like brainless work, but then like high intensity like creative work. I've just discovered that about me uh you know, many years ago, so um But yeah, yeah, uh we're going to be kind of like expanding in some interesting directions though in the future, so I get to actually do some like silk screen printing. Like we're talking about getting like a silk screen set up and everything. And
like that thrills me to no end the idea of getting to where to really like crappy clothes covered in ink in like a print studio in a garage, you know? So because essentially my boss was like, out of everyone that works here, you're the only one I can tell who would be excited about that. I was like, yes, you are correct. So yeah, I'll get to enjoy like, you know, some fun, like, you know, actual hands on printmaking work and then more design stuff and that just kind of sounds like right in my wheelhouse. That sounds amazing. So
we're hoping in the spring were kind of hoping in the spring, that's when we're
thinking whole yeah, silkscreen set up will be which will be perfect because Uh it's like 32° uh here in des Moines right now and the idea of being in a garage 32° does not appeal to me and the light of so Yeah.
Yeah, exactly. Okay. It's going to seem like a totally totally random question, but being a Wisconsinite, how frequently do you attend fish fries? Uh huh.
It's also
That's
good.
That's awesome. When I, like the last time I was in Wisconsin was like several years ago and one of the best meals that I had, there was actually at a fish fry, like a friday night fish fry. This place called the serb hall in Milwaukee and it was like the strangest environment to eaten ever. It was like very large event hall and all of the wait staff were like wearing very formal suits and tuxedos, But like the dress code of the actual people eating, there was very relaxed and when I say 40% of the people were wearing like exactly what you're wearing. I am not exaggerating. And so you were surrounded by like wait staff wearing like either tuxedos are very formal suits and then like green bay packers gear as far as the eye can see and the Munich selection ranged from like Sarah McLachlan to traditional Serbian folk music and like it was, it was very strange but the food was incredible and they also had like spotted cow as well too. So I had as much spotted cow because we don't have that in Iowa. So I was drinking as much spotted how could possibly consume and as much fried fish and I'm still chasing that high because that was so are the best food I have ever had. And so I don't know, I just want to say Wisconsin, I about to your prowess of making incredible fried fish. Um So yeah, I don't know. I don't know why. I just looked like, like I said, really, I cannot stop thinking about that meal. It's like every couple of months man, like, you know, it was really good.
That fried fish at serb hall, like thinking about it. It's hilarious.
Um school good. My God. And like I, I love like craft beer as well too, so being able to go around like all the different breweries and stuff, uh, was like the best. I absolutely loved it. But yeah, next time I go to Wisconsin, I've already put in my notes, my beer notes that I have to bring back at least a case of spotted
cow because it was amazing. It was
amazing.
I did and I really wish I could remember the names of them. Um Oh yeah, they're literally all escaping me. I don't know. I just, if I travel anywhere, it's like mandatory that I have to find any sort of like local microbrewery and then just get a flight and just keep sampling. That's, that's kind of like a must do on any trip I take anywhere. So yeah.
I think maybe I think I did go to spread occurs okay, describe speakers
because
it's happened. Yeah.
Oh my God. Okay. That sounds awesome. I might need to, when you know the world starts like, or actually say the world starts getting back to normal slash stops catching on fire all the time.
I would have to plan a trip to Wisconsin because it's so I don't know what it is about, I feel this way about Minnesota as well too, but it's like as soon as you cross the border into either Minnesota or Wisconsin, it's like the further up north you go suddenly stuff just gets like exponentially prettier, especially in the fall and I don't know what it is, I don't know what you have in the dirt up there. But I swear like I there was a good friend of mine, she got married in ST paul like several years ago and her wedding was in october and I was living in Northwest Iowa at the time district for anyway. But yeah, like as soon as we crossed the border it was like the colors and everything just kept getting prettier and prettier and prettier and actually had the last time I was in Wisconsin was in the fall as well too and it just looked like super gorgeous all
around. So like I said, I don't know if you're like like watering all your trees with that spotted
cow or whatever, Maybe you are and that's the secret. But it was really gorgeous. It was really, really pretty and so you know, and I like to say that Iowa is pretty too, but it's namely a long kind of like the Mississippi like all those rebounds along there. That's kind of work that feels so
Northwood. Okay. I have not heard of Northwood
so.
That's okay.
That's all right. Maybe there's a reason why, you know, we call ourselves to fly over state. You know, we have like a line of like, you know, we might as well be the drive through state as well to at this point. But yeah. Yeah,
that's okay.
We we take a describe we
iowan
were
known your kind of our, you know, just self deprecating humor, just being super chill with being ignored until election season anyway. And then it's like, oh now you like, oh no
well thank you, thank you. That actually does make me feel well sometimes.
Right? Yeah, I love the midwest. I don't know like there is a certain charm and like you know having that like you know the the Iowa nice or like the midwestern nice and like and the fact that we put, you know jello and food and call it a salad, like I ever know there's
there's
there's a certain charm you know, I think it's a, a certain genuine quality to being a midwesterner that, you know, I don't know, but it just gets me right here, you know, right here.
So Oh my dad, I actually have some cousins from down in Georgia and yeah, every time you know, we have to interact with them as a family, it's like it's like it's like
trying to talk to people from a completely different country, it's like I know the United States, but like I
swear, I don't know, I don't know what it is about these people, it's like they've never like another day in their life and they've never
just like, I don't know, I still God bless him, God look a
lot. Like I can't even say like you know,
I got sticks with their asses, like I can't even say that as the midwestern and I just have to say, oh God bless him,
you're so sweet!
Oh yes, Happy bless
your heart, Bless their hearts! Uh huh. Oh my God, I'm cracking myself up with at this point, wow, mm Oh so my gosh, so is it freezing cold in like where you are right now? Like I live here?
You know, if I could live my life perpetually in a state of october I would be very, very happy because it's not blazing hot and it's not freezing cold and you are allowed to be weird in october, like you are allowed every single liberty to just eat as much candy as you want and dress as strangely as you want to. And so if I could live the rest of my life, like it's october, I would be I would be incredibly happy. Very happy. So
do you
guys do stuff,
did you guys do stuff for Halloween? You go trick or treating?
Oh my God. Uh we we have actually almost very similar, like my partner is a glass blower and his
fellow glassblower at the studio where he works ended up testing positive for covid. Like the sunday before uh beggar's night here in des Moines. So in des Moines we do bigger, which has like the night before Halloween. I don't know why, I mean that's just how they set it up. And so we were waiting for uh my partner's test results to come back and I was getting super anxious because I had this whole thing I wanted to do for our house to like decorated to look like Jurassic park A. K. A. The greatest film ever made in the history of cinema. And so I was going to go like dressed as dr ellie Sattler ak laura dern. And I was going to be making these like large
cardboard dinosaur skeletons. I was constructing a candy slide that was in the shape brontosaurus neck and like a brontosaurus head and everything. So yes, I was going over the top, it's fine, but like I I had to put all of that stuff on hold until we got his test results back and it was like the thursday we got him back before friday beggar's night. And so I'm like alright, plan B, what can I organize like in a day to hand out to all these kids? And so I I had to really scale everything back. I just had to do like, you know, our bowl of candy out on the porch and like let kids, you know, pick up their candy and like, which I was kind of bummed about because I always love seeing the kids costumes every year, like it just makes my heart explode. And then every year I also hand out kids books as well to to all the kids. So I had to just make this big wall of books essentially where I tied all of the books like onto this pegboard with string and I got it done literally like A minute before the first trick or treaters was like you arrive at 6:00 and stuff like scrambling with strength was trying to get like this book board done. But yeah, it was pretty good. We had like a decent turnout. I was very happy to have like such a good turn out, you know, in the year of our Lord 2020 when everything is terrible. I
I thought, I know, I thought for sure we were only going to have like 15 or 20 kids, but I think we had like 35 to 40 kids and I was happy with that, I was actually really, really happy with that, you know? And so because I also know that next year it's going to like it's going to be huge. It's going to be huge. And so yeah, well we can help for anyway, so
No, you're gonna make me cry. Oh
I
know.
I know,
I more Oh. Oh my god.
No.
Yeah.
Yes. Yes. I have to believe that's the only thing that like, you know, whatever I get bummed about how things are, you know, going now, I always just think like, you know what, Okay, fine. So my birthday was spent alone at home like in quarantine, but next year my birthday is going to be a rager. Okay, so we couldn't go watch, you know, fourth of july fireworks and have a barbecue with the family, like we normally do every year, that's fine next year it's going to be insane, you know? And so I just keep like planning increasingly elaborate celebrations for next year. But yeah, like Halloween is going to be really intense warehouse next year. It's going to be full on total Jurassic park. I'm gonna see if I could have some friends come over and like get them some of those, you know, inflatable dinosaur costumes like rapture paddock. It's just, I don't know, it's going to be intense. That's all I
can say. I'm going to throw a lot of time money and energy into it because I have to make up for how terrible this year has been and I will do it. I'm willing to do it. Yeah. Yeah.
that sounds all right. No, that's why I really like that lived two years and one that's really cool. I've never thought of it that way. I really like that actually. That's
kind
of
my god,
I just, you know, I it's like tough as it's been for adults, man, it has made me feel like, you know, like slightly fortunate, like, you know, at least, you know, we're not teachers and at least, you know, we don't have like kids right in the middle of all of this, I can't even imagine what it's like for you as a parent right now with everything, because yeah, I mean your your oldest would be doing school right now, so are you guys doing the online learning thing?
man.
no, God, you know, it's like, yeah, it sucks because, you know, it's the right thing to do, like for the health and safety of everybody, but man, it puts so many parents,
like in a tough spot, I'm sure.
great. Oh, good, you're very lucky,
and it's the in daycare. So insanely expensive, informally expensive. My God. Oh, so my, a good friend of mine actually just moved in uh to house two doors down from MArs, and
we're already talking about like how do we want to set up like emergency home schooling pool, like pools, you know, essentially like if, you know, I don't know, it's like we're already like planning for the next pandemic, but that's what happens when you live, like something terrible. It's like, okay, how do we prepare for the next one, You know? And so yeah, we're already like, okay, how do we want to handle like, you know, just
emergencies, like this again in the future. But so is that like, was like statewide that all schools or is it just in your area or?
Oh, that sucks. That sucks. Yeah. Herrin des Moines, like all the hospital beds are full here in Des Moines and yeah,
which is like horrifying to think about. And so one of my, one of my closest and dearest friends um is a nurse at one of the largest hospitals here in Des Moines and she is ah horribly overworked and horribly underappreciated. So I actually, I, after work, I dropped off some like little adult adult lunchables, like snack packs that I made
for her, because just to make sure that she's eating, like, this is how, you know, Midwesterners, we show our love, our love languages food. And so I, so I dropped off some like,
you know, some soup and some little like lunchables kits and that sort of thing for her. Um but and I made a promise to, I said I'm going to do everything I can to stay out of the hospital for any reason whatsoever, so you don't have to worry about me. And I was like, I'm gonna wrap myself in pillows and in bubble wrap. And now I got a phone hook up, like, this is gonna be great, like, I'm gonna, you know? And she's like, I appreciate that actually. And thank you like, yes, please do what you can stay out of the hospital for any reason right now. I can't even imagine. It just feels like we're kind of on this weird little little edge and everyone's like kind of like nervously laughing, you know? And like kind of hoping that it'll all go away and you know?
But yeah, I don't know. I just work and home and grocery store, like that's those are the only Yeah,
yeah, those
are the only places I've been. Uh Yeah, for like months now. Yes. Kind of driving me crazy. But
yeah, I want to, I want to go enjoy my breweries again. Like I just uh, the only thing I want is to go to Peace Tree Brewery in the east village of Des Moines. And I want to get there 10 ft 10 like double I. P. A.
That's all I want. I can even picture the glass it comes in. It's like at all that I want. I just want to go there and I want to go to molly's cupcakes right next door and get a cupcake and have my, you know, Imperial M. P. A. W. P. A. And just and just sit there for an afternoon. That's all I want. That's it. The only other thing uh movie theater that's probably actually I take it all back. The number
one thing I miss is going to a movie theater because that's my guilty pleasure is to go see a movie by myself and like not even with my partner because like I love him very much. I love him dearly, you know whatever. But if we go to a movie that's even like slightly, you know tense or suspenseful at all, he always likes to try and scare me while I'm in the movie and it just pisses me off so that, so I have to, I love going to go see a movie just by myself and need a whole bag of popcorn by myself and the two theaters I go to the most also serve craft beer. So I'm like, yes. Yeah,
it's
It's the best. It is really, really cool. So
oh my God, I'm sorry.
Here I am
like talking all the things I want to do as soon as the pandemics over.
Right. Yeah. We got a live few years and one. I
like that we're going
to live
to
new.
I believe it. I believe it. Okay. I have officially talked your ear off longer than the study is like accounted for us. So are you apologize? I'm sorry. It's just really
nice. Another human being.
Oh man. Shoot. And I know this is your seventh. What? I totally just let have asked you about your other seven conversations. I would have been like, okay dish, dish, tell me everything. Oh
well this has been really, really fun. This has been a great combo. It's been really nice to get to meet another fellow midwesterner and this is like a nice little nice little highlight of my week. So thank you.
Yes, you too. Have a good night.