hey I'm gone.
yeah I've done a few
of these before they're
not
too bad. Is this your first time doing?
yep
not too bad. Uh Feel a little crappy today but Uh huh it's that time of year I suppose
so
yeah the kid's been a
the kid hasn't been feeling good and I think she shared it with me so but
yeah the other one got sent home from school today so um
22 girls if I'm
enjoy it while you can
they've both been pretty good as far as staying up late or I mean you know keeping you up at night. Uh So I've been very very lucky because I heard that a lot like you might as well
get ready to sleep
a few hours a night and it hasn't been too bad. Mhm.
Oh seven and three oh
no
no that's fine. I same way I have a lot of nieces and I worked at the elementary school for a while when I was in high school and I love kids too. But the oldest is Pepper, the youngest is raven wow
Our
Uh huh the oldest is my wife's with her ex so I don't know I don't know the backstory too much on that one. Uh The youngest is ours together and we when she got pregnant we decided if it's a boy I'll name it if it's a girl you name it and we didn't really exchange names so as soon as the doctor said it's a girl, raven is what she spit out and apparently she had been she wanted something different I guess we've got pretty generic names, the two of us pretty common names, so yeah,
in Italy,
I haven't minded my name, but it is really common. All my siblings, I got four siblings too, and they're all about as typical as can be, there's no, no sense of uniqueness in any of our names.
we
did
not,
and so
we
we
did not, we got generic middle names too.
quote
Yeah, you have any sports at all then?
Yeah,
it baked goods are awesome.
Uh huh
So
what's
the
pumping
that sounds are,
Well
What?
Oh no, I love being good, yeah, okay,
I work at an old factory,
right, foam fo am Oh
and
It's it's really hard to explain. Uh we make like headliners for john Deere tractors and bobcat and caterpillar, uh so it's a lot like headliner in a car, it's just not for a car, it's for a tractor, and that's a lot of what we do. I think when they started, they did a lot different stuff, there was a lot more foam because I mean the headliner stuff isn't really foam, it's kind of so we still do other foam stuff. One of the companies makes like foams for uh like Joann fabrics, stuff like that, packing foam for like pillows and bears and and we make the phone from my pillows. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah, that guy
is
the creepiest guy ever. Uh huh.
The
The Pillow is Mediocre. It's not worth the price. I've got a few of them because they were like we could get them for like $10 at the time, so I got a few and for $10 it's okay but I probably won't pay much more than that. Yeah.
So.
Oh
yeah. It is funny.
it's not too bad. I work at quality control, I started just working regular production and it's not too bad, I don't think I would want to work in production regularly where I work at least it's kind of mindless work and I don't know But it's not, I've been there for like 10 years now so
and
and
Yeah it's the
same way there there's a lot of Probably more older people than I joke a lot that the average age of the employee, there's like 60 and I that's probably close to. True.
So
what do you do
with
graphic, what do you do with graphics design? That sounds really really interesting.
I
I work.
Well
what
one?
Uh huh.
Didn't work.
But
No.
You know?
You must
be pretty creative then.
Jack.
So what is that supposed to happen? Damn it.
Thanks.
It's the same, I think it's the same here about 32°.. Yeah
not as often as you would you would think I like fish don't get me wrong but my my wife and kids are a little bit more picky, although the kids seem to like fish more than her. I have fish in my freezer from ice fishing last year. Uh but I do not, my buddy came up my from, he's in the service, he came up for my wedding last year and that is the one thing he wanted, like I want fish. So we actually went to a local bar and
went got a fish fry for him because he wanted, yeah,
he used to
live up, he used to live up here too, and we went to fish fries every once in a while when we were kids, so he lives in texas now because he's in the service, but when he was up here he wanted to fish. Oh
It's
spotted cow is no joke either, That is good beer.
And
so
did you check out some breweries in Milwaukee then?
yeah, I live about five hours from Milwaukee. I live right on the border, I'm like a half hour from the twin cities. So I live right on the border of Minnesota. But the first time and I think the second time in like the fourth time I went to Milwaukee, I went to a place called crackers and did their brewery tour and it was so good.
It's
in
it's in an odd neighborhood, I mean it's not where you would expect it, it's almost like a where there's housing and whatnot, but on the outside there's to like gargoyles or dogs or something sitting out there, it's inside the little shop is kind of small and cramped, but a beer and cheese tasting at the end and it is phenomenal.
please.
All
Except
Uh I think the only time, well actually I've been Iowa, I drove through there once because I moved down to texas for a little less than a year. And the the place I work for Federal foam, it's called it uh They've got a facility in Northwood Iowa, which I think is the northern part right across the border.
It's a super small town. But
when they, when we had, when Federal foam had bought that facility, it was called something else at the time I went down there for some training To train some of the staff down there and but I mean that's, I think it's like 10 minutes across the Minnesota border, so it's barely into Iowa, but that's the only time I've ever been there. A lot of my family lives in Minnesota and I I went to school there for a few years but I have not been to Iowa much at all.
There's a
And
I have,
it
is
look
Yeah. I never quite understood that if it makes you feel any better I don't like Minnesota at all so at least Iowa's above Minnesota.
but I like, I like the midwest a lot. I really really do love it here.
Thank
you.
Oh
But
Good.
Tweet.
But
no.
Plus
their heart
correct.
Yeah. I think it the high today was 32. I was trying to look and see what the temperature is now but I know the highways 32 so it's probably about 30 right now.
I love october, october is my favorite month by far. Halloween is my favorite holiday. I
love
october
No, it is a super bummer because some a coworker that I worked closely with tested positive for covid right beforehand, so I was like, well we're feeling a little bit under the weather, so it's like let's go get tested and we were waiting for the results come back. So we had I got full sized candy bars to hand out that I ended up not handing out. And we've got a perfect little block where we go around the block, it takes like two hours, there's tons of houses, tons of kids uh get to go, it's a bummer, but
trump.
What?
And no,
no, I was super bummed, I bought a slimer costume
and we actually had, so we've got a big picture window here and we had a kid saw me from the window, we had the light off and everything and the kids saw me from the window and the kid was dressed as a ghostbuster and he saw me, he came to the door and we're like well what do you what do we do? And I was like well we don't know what our test results are, I don't want to go hand out some candy to this kid so like we had to just ignore it and I felt so horrible just because what do I I couldn't open the
door
and hey
kid I might have to get out of here.
Yeah, it was a super bomber, we went down in the basement, watch
the movies after that. Yeah
the hopefully next year will be better though like you said.
and
Yeah that's kind of our plan is next year we're just gonna have to live two years and one and cram as much as we can in that one year.
Well
we missed
over a lot of stuff. We didn't get to take the trips that we normally take with the kids and it's like well next year we're gonna we're gonna make we have plans to go to florida in March whether it happens or not. I don't know. But we're like all right let's do something bigger than we would normally do just because the kid, the oldest kid was kind of bummed out because we always we go to the Wisconsin Dells which is just big water park and they got tons of stuff there for kids and we had it booked for april and had to cancel like a week before. Okay.
Mhm.
Well they are now, it started. No, she got an email today saying that they're done with school. So the oldest stat is lets just say less than a stellar person. I would have preferred to keep them out just for the time being until things can get under control. But it is what it is, but now they've had so many cases that are local school that the school has said we are shutting down. So right,
so her last day I believe was today. Oh
What?
Right. We're not too bad because my wife works kind of part time and she makes her schedule month a month so she'll be able to schedule around it.
So we're right, it works alright for us. But I know like one of my coworkers said we don't want to really send our kids back to school, he's like, but we didn't have any other choice because you know, my wife's now back at work and I got to work, so he's like, it was really the only option, you know that our pay for daycare and what's the point at that point?
I
Well
just in our area, it's been pretty bad. Uh We live in kind of a rural part of Wisconsin, so a lot of people have kind of brushed it aside and so I knew it was going to hit here eventually because everybody's kind of ignored it and it's been hitting pretty hard lately.
From.
I
Well,
What?
Uh
huh.
Yeah, 100% agree. I want to get out. I want to do things again.
who?
Well
Come
on. Yeah.
What
lot of
no.
I feel the same way I am just so crazy that it's like come 2021 like I have to get out.
That's
I
hope
things
we got a couple of months. Hopefully things will get better before things get much worse.
No
Yeah that's why I don't mind these. I've done a few of them and I would recommend because you're allowed to do a certain amount. So I would recommend to you I am at my limit now this is the last one I can do until they have another batch. So I think I think this is number seven but I like doing these things. I don't mind them at all. So I would recommend you do as many of them as you can. They don't tell you when your limit is. You just got to kind of keep track of them. But if you enjoyed it I would recommend sign up for him. I have had some interesting conversations.
Yeah.
Yeah I get to enjoy your day evening.