mhm.
Mhm. How's
it going? Okay. What
good
does one of these
reports, but
not the second one?
Yeah, the wingtips look.
I don't know. We just, last time I thought there was a prompt before but this time there's not so
You have a good weekend.
Sam mm hanging out. I have a cat over here. She's taking out
all
right. She messed up those napkins. It's normally not this message, but she's trying to play because Oh my goodness.
Oh, a tuxedo cat care. Uh huh.
Yeah, she's all black. She kind of has some like chest hair, you
look
great. And my roommate has a dog who's another room. But he also
they
match,
they're both like all black with like these little white flex right there. No
terrific.
They mostly just ignore each other. Like it's in the same room. They're just like uh well they're here but the
day they were fighting over a french fry, which was kind of cute.
Well, so I got I dropped one an accident and then remember like toward in half and gave one half of the dog because he was like obsessed. My cat was over there playing with just like batting it around. And then because she, my cat had like the french fry in front of her, and then the dog was like, well I want to eat that. And so he started like trying to chase her away, like kind of making those little moves like I'm gonna get you, I'm gonna get shit like that.
And she didn't, she like stood her ground and defended his french fry,
but then he just walked up and ate it like casually and then she didn't care. So
it's got
But yes.
Yeah. Seriously? I don't know. They could tastes like sticks of the sweet
moving.
That's great. Like the caramel, apple ones.
It's interesting. Yeah, I didn't know she did that the day I was having a protein bar and she really like she's smelling it a lot. So I gave her a tiny tiny tiny piece,
it was like here and then she ate it so she didn't go any huge muscles right after or anything, but she liked it. Maybe they can taste sweet stuff that was like, no, but I didn't have any chocolate in it so
well
gosh,
I little
dude.
could be, I don't know. She's never tried it.
I go grab
but Uh huh.
mm. Not really. There's um I've been recommended by a lot of people to watch The Queen's Gambit on netflix but I haven't watched it myself yet.
Pretty
good.
it's a good man.
Sure. Well yeah, I'm sure you do better things with your time, so
Makes sense.
No, by yet.
I don't
know. I was there was a Jim Henson puppets exhibit in my town that I went to yesterday, like fully messed up and it's like the museum's running it very smartly with separating.
But yes, I came back and I watched, have you ever watched defunct land on Youtube? It's free.
Uh He has videos about it started off as like videos about Disney World and Disneyland
like rides that don't exist anymore.
And then
now
it's moved into a lot of things. I watched all of his episodes about, it's called the Funk Land tv which is when he talks about old shows that don't exist anymore. Uh He did
like Jim Henson
I just had to watch all
of his videos about Jim Henson's stuff, so that's right. So that was really good
if
that's the recommendation? Yeah.
If fraggle rocks one, the muppet show is one Sesame Street is one because Jim Henson didn't really want to do kids. Like he was trying, his whole point was like, I want puppets for grown ups and then he kind
of got
pushed into Sesame Street and he was like okay, like made all that stuff and it kind of goes into that perspective little um and then also his early like Salmon Friends and like his early puppet attempts. I think there's also an upset about like the dark crystal. So
so let's
take yeah,
it
was
Mhm. I think there is anything, I think they were smaller because like your hand has to be able to control all of the facial expressions and everything. So I think it's actually like, I don't know for me it was smaller. I don't know maybe you perceive them differently.
sure they weren't there unfortunately. But yeah, I bet there is a documentary about the guy that played Big Bird. That's supposed to be really good.
Carroll
Spinney, what's his name? That's
on, I think it's on amazon prime.
Anyway, what about you? Do you have any recommendations or anything? Cool? You watched her, definitely.
What?
There's a very similar book I'm reading. Just lean over time. I just off your own rex and it's the midst of science sex and in society sociology
very
similar for like. Huh?
Yeah, it's a but like so the popular like idea that like, oh testosterone makes you into this big burly brain list. I always want sex. I want to destroy people think, but that's not true. Like, like that's not even a thing. And the studies that people claim like the alpha male wolf packs and all that stuff to even the guy that invented that was like, no, it's not true. That was because they're in captivity, that they will ended up doing that for like survival. It wasn't like the alpha male shit is not seen really in any societal or animal society, except for when we push it, like the patriarchal Stuff,
you know,
one came into
it.
So, you know, if you, I wrote down in your book that when you suggested into here, so
What's
it called again?
Okay, well, that makes sense.
What?
still like nowadays? Well, that's fucked up.
All right.
Well, that's stupid.
Yeah.
No, I think well I think it makes sense. Like that's the explain like I'm five version of
what
you
know,
which
is best for me.
I agree. Yeah,
we're on well assuming you live in the United States, I don't know. Okay. To say our own president mentioned racehorse theory at uh like rally in Minnesota like two months ago. So yeah,
it's very much
it's he said it Oh wow. Those that phrase about, like he said something about was Minnesota and Missouri one of those midwestern,
I'm
in the
midwest, so I don't,
but I just didn't know which one it was. Yeah, I said like, you guys have good genes here and then he mentioned racehorse theory and about like how good genes are nice and I'm like, I was like, what? Very good. Right. So
that did I know,
ready
for him
to be out?
I agreed. And not being acknowledged enough by people.
Sorry.
No.
What?
Is it a book or like an online thing?
What's the name?
One more time already, begin in my notes.
No.
You know, it's
not always
end
up.
come
on.
Yeah, that sounds interesting. Maybe a
different perspective I guess.
okay.
Yeah, no, that that makes sense
there.
No.
Yes, I was legit all about, I was talking to an older woman last time who was talking about like her pets and her kids mostly, and that was close fun and she actually lived in Nevada or something and she also did vaguely hint at her political stance on being like, ah but in a great, like we were in agreement I think with how we were both like, oh my God, this dude, but I didn't, we didn't really go deeper because sometimes I get worried,
maybe we don't need to go on that ground. But this is, this is great.
What?
And As you say, one thing uh, have you watched on Youtube some more news, the channel?
Okay. So there's a guy, so he used to write for cracked back in the day and it was like
good,
yeah, just called some more news because back in the crash days he was a video guy for them.
And
so it was, it was just called some news even with like trump was first like they did like a little reporting on some news and then, so now he like was fired from cracks or whatever because they fired all their good staff people, they got the owner and then he um these guys on Youtube and he was like a Patreon and they have a podcast and a lot of it has been about like trump like there's only one that's like trump is a fascist and here's why I like,
you
know, he's not Hitler but he is this like
so
not like premium, it's all free also. So I guess a lot of myself I pay for netflix but still watching too much Youtube for free
because
it also
have sorry to say but they also have a
channel.
Like
many documentary type series and stuff. Okay. It's a really interesting things not just people playing video games and yelling the bad words like not
just that. Yeah.
No, but there's also they have a clip called another channel that does just short clips. You can share them with your friends and family really easily. I just felt like some, some more news clips or something.
And uh, those have been really helpful. Like they have a really good one about please defending the police about how like assume I'm someone who really loves the police wouldn't, I want them to be able to focus on the job that they thought they signed up for instead of having
to do all
this other crap like that, like crap, but like good valuable things.
But
that
could be
handled by someone
that doesn't have
exactly. Like maybe like, and then somebody escalating, they're just like, I don't know what this is. So my gun is here, like
just
stop.
Yeah, definitely. And like if you're, because I've shared them with family before, two of like they just don't want to listen. And I'm like, well try this. I don't know if they ever really watched it, but it helps you explain it short and short, like easy ways to
of course. Mhm
Mhm. I mean my dad will, I'll just for example, like there's one time my sister and I were both talking to him and this was like On 2016, 2015 or something about how like, Hey, maybe don't justify mm says something that doesn't mean it's real. Maybe like try and find a source and see what's remember I can say. And so we both had conversations with him separately about this and then I seriously got done talking about this at the table while he's like scrolling through facebook on his phone and we get that. And I'm like, okay, like do you get what I'm saying? Like isn't this like a good thing to like check for sources because you never know what he's like. Yeah. Yeah that's a good thing. Okay, I'm like cool moving on, try to change the subject. Seconds later he turned his phone around and was like hey look at this me and like trying to prove a point to me and I'm like I thought we just talked about this. No
it's
every
time I think I've broken any ground it's like immediately told like I never met.
I
know
point.
Yeah. It wasn't one like If you are having that problem one medium ground or something, I'm able to reach with my dad that I can guide the conversation towards so we can end it well. Um and kind of plant some seeds of like is when I talk about labor rights because my dad is like he's been a construction guy, he now owns his own business as this h back dude and he really he does treat his in place really well and gives them holiday bonuses and helps them out if they need something or give them like he really does but
he has a problem of thinking that every other employer is like that but they all care and want the best for their employees and so I'm just like man this really sucks that these people were treated like this by some blood from you know some by some policy or whatever and then we can usually be like both like yeah that really sucks and then move on from there and like oh
no.
What's your
name by the way?
No, I just realized I didn't know
erin so if
you're eating
Well
it is. And there's another Youtube video but there's another one, but I don't remember the name Sean. I think it's just like Sean vids on Youtube. Uh
Maybe help, but
I think, I think, but now as I say it, I'm worried that it's not right and then you're gonna like what in the world is this if you do look it up every
okay, it ends up being something completely different than don't. Um But he had something about like planting, like you don't have to change someone's mind, you're not going to change someone's mind in one conversation. The point is like to plant little seeds of like, oh maybe we'll question like maybe we should question why this is a certain way and that could be like you're right, why is it that way? And then,
well maybe they'll just don't know. You never know which way they're going to go
with it,
but we can help. Yeah.
that's true.
Waiting for
him in turn to say our stuff so Okay.
Yeah.
No.
Thank
you.
Yeah, me too. I'm going to look like my other books that are down there right now. Okay. Mhm Okay.
I think so too. Her and organizers like her in the area stay
well.
All
Sorry
if,
It seems cool. I look up and listen to a lot of podcasts and I'll add that to me.
Well, it's mostly like comedy podcasts. So nothing. Yeah. Or there's a, so I live in actually Omaha Nebraska. Um, and there's a local tenants union and they have a podcast I guess that's one that's About like 10ants unions across the nation. The first episodes
obviously
got Omaha's.
Sorry?
Yeah, it's pretty cool and it's like even their small struggles of like here's how we not like how specifically, but here is like, you know what, we've gone through to get to where we are now and like here's
the things we've helped tenants with their help certain like take down certain like scummy slumlord landlords. Um
But
What?
Great.
No, it's more Omaha is like the one, so once, in fact Omaha is blue was blue this last election.
But because the risk is one of the few states that splits our electoral votes, so we have five votes in Omaha got one
so
best.
I know what you mean.
Omaha
does have really bad like tiff incentives I guess that um
something
some kind of fun for landlords that it's like that makes me the gentrification loan. It's like, hey, this
area looks, I don't like it when
we drive into town and I want to see this, these poor people living here. So
then they do a tiff loan to a bunch of landlords and they're like, all right, build some shit in the middle shit and they kick people out.
Yeah. So we have a lot of like that just keeps like it's all over and maybe that's a lot of like cities. I don't really, especially now I'm not going anywhere, but that's like we're pretty bad for that. And then if we have this one dude named Dave Palladino who has the stupid supply, the stupid storage facilities all over the city and he has like, I'm not even getting second cartoon character. He puts these bible verses on them and some of them are about like greed and consumerism being bad and yet he has like this huge storage facilities and wants people to buy a bunch of shit that they can't store and need it. And there's also one Lord Act like actively like he has
these properties and does not like there garbage. That's like one of the big people that the continent's United Union fights against because he sucks. He
literally
had a show on netflix about him being a scummy landlord really like people out and was
natural.
It's not on there anymore. But he did like I
know
yeah, it's so stupid anyway.
Yeah and we need, yeah and people need to know because if a lot of it is like people don't even know what rights they have and then
more, more a moratorium, I don't know how to say it, but the state put on evictions at least until january, but people are still evicting people because if you don't like they can take you to court and then still evict you if you don't bring that up and so many people don't know that that's a thing. So they're
taking the
court.
and the judges like for the tenants union people will show up at court during the day and like hand out information. Um They're not legal advice so it's technically legal, it's fine if they're there but they're getting in trouble and getting badgered by like and right now our whole court system in our city is down because our equipment numbers are so high, so not punished like they're not doing
any
criminal cases but they're only doing evictions. That's the one thing they're still doing. Yeah. It's like,
but
still
And our governor has been holding cares act funding. Like I don't know. He literally said at one point like, hey, if you are not going to get cares act funding, if you are requiring people to wear masks, he was like, don't like to tell people not to wear masks or you don't get the money or something. That's so stupid.
So dumb.
I hope so.
Man,
I wouldn't be surprised. I don't, I feel like I hear big, big huge numbers every day and I'm starting to like,
there's only
so much I can do. So I sometimes have to be like, okay, I have to get away from it for a minute.
Yes, thanks.
And mhm.
Yeah. I feel
What?
Yeah, you're crossing okay. It's like good
and
test like will be fully tested and that we can all
That's like only one year like from the beginning of everything getting shut down
the sound. What's not bad? Yeah.
too.
Yeah, that's all right. Yeah.
Have a great rest of your weekend in massachusetts,