Hi.
I'm
how do you?
Good.
and
and.
Oh that's great. Well I have not done this before so. Oh thanks
the expert here. Um wow.
I didn't see a prompt. Yeah.
Yeah it's pretty chill. How about you?
Um Sweet. I do
too.
Oh that's nice. Yeah.
Yours is black.
You
know what
we
got
to?
that's sweet. Did they
get along well?
that's good.
Does the cat like french fries?
I'm
that's an awesome.
It's great.
I don't think I would eat a french fry. She she doesn't eat like anything weird Really. I used to have a cat that it can't alu no I think it's like yes they were unusual and my friend give me a video of her cat was eating a caramel lollipop
like from Halloween. I didn't I didn't know that cats like sugar.
It's
kind of licking this lolly top like a dozen times. He was really into it.
Yeah it's like yeah it was green and had caramel on the outside so I think yeah interesting. Right.
Bye.
interesting. I don't know.
My
dad don't
need
peanut butter. She likes peanut butter which letter to but I think that's usual. Like I think most catholic better.
Yeah. Well it's good. Mine is like a butter thief if it's on the what are you shall
I get up there? Yeah
this cad really snacking on some butter. Um So let's see you have you read any books or watched any shows lately that you can recommend?
Oh my friend
mentioned
that too. Don't have netflix though but it's good.
huh. It's okay. It's not really a tragedy.
No no no it's because I wasn't really using it so I stopped subscribing. Um
Yeah but I've heard that's good but you haven't seen it yet either.
Yeah that's
great.
that are
no
anyone
that's
so
interesting.
Laurie
some of the quotes. Okay so jim johnson and then
sorry
that's
helping.
no that's a good recommendation. Um Wait sorry. Yeah I was serious. Like what were the example I guess like fraggle rock.
I've
heard
So interesting that something of a tradition also. Did you
like
Did
you
get into the scale of the puppets? I feel like there are a lot of them much bigger than I would expect.
I think I've been thinking about like big bread and snowflakes which
interesting. I don't
know
Charles.
Okay I'll look for that. That sounds interesting.
and my friend just sent me a book called Interior and it's the subtitle How Science got women wrong and I think it's about We're 25 pages in so I'm not really sure so far. It's good.
And I've read another book by this author before that I liked um I think science has made there's been a lot of sort of misogyny and born to science. And look it's about disproving that sort of concord. Absolutely like what's not um it's really like not very different about learning. But I know that my friend had talked about there's like a gray matter study that is like really often cited where they say like women's brains are really a lot different than men's. But I think she said that I haven't gotten to this part of the book. I think my friend said that the study is like not really bad. It's like sort of a contested study. It's not really been reproduced but it still gets um like cited all the time. And so that's like an example interesting.
It
sounds brilliant.
That sounds really interesting, too.
Like you
probably
it's
actually not like aggressive behavior is not, let's get with testosterone exclusively. That's really interesting. Um
she read it. She read another one that I really would recommend called in Alright Superior. And it's how science got like it's about debunking race science.
So
that was called superior.
So like inferiors for women Superior is basically debunking, you know, race science? She talks um a lot in that book about I don't know, I was really shocked at how much like actual
academic credentials have been given to our academic support has been given to race science. Like there are people writing really what I would consider in the present day, extremely fringe, like actual papers sort of quote unquote proving like race is real and racial superiority and they like have sort of real academic branding behind them. It's not a huge, um, you know, contingent, but it is like big enough that I just didn't think any schools or like reasonable considered like pure reviewed journals would publish that stuff, but that's not true. Some of it is getting published. So
I know. I can't remember the name. Just look like two years ago. I can't remember the name of the, there's like one journal that's basically just about upholding like, you know, sort of eugenic ideas. Um,
yeah, and it's like considered credible, which is, I don't think everyone considers incredible, but it's like a legit journal. Yeah, exactly. Um,
yeah, it was, I don't know, she made like a lot of good points in the book and she also talked about something called regression to the Mean, which is like, oh, I don't one of the interesting takeaways from that was just like if you have to really smart parents, you're not more likely to end up with a really smart kid because of this thing called regression to the mean. Where it's sort of like the you end up getting these outliers, but then it also comes back eventually to like mm
nicely in this very well.
Yeah, That's
about
what
I grab
the book,
wow. No. But it was like a really good book. Especially like I was interested in sort of like getting a better understanding of the history of eugenics because I just associate that forever with like early 20th century and didn't really know much about it. And she definitely talks she sort of traces the lineage of that like, you know, discourse which is useful I think especially since, you know, neo nazism is kind of like on the rise again. Uh huh
old hobby horses of that.
I
didn't know that specifically, but I'm sure that's one of his dog whistles.
And in
the
middle
I
that guy
and
like
he's
just a hard yes, the same. I don't know, like not happening fast enough, so so
Yeah. Yeah. You know um Masha afternoon,
do you know who Masha Grafton is?
He already made a promise last before and not known it? Um She grew up in Russia, she was the United States and she writes for the last couple of years for the new yorker, other publications too. You're in a bus. I came out like sort of the beginning of quarantine I think in May called surviving hypocrisy and she like really gets into um this idea of how trump is sort of adhering to like a fascist playbook, it was like very interesting breakdown of like tactics that is used and um if you're interested in like that sort of thing, I would also recommend that it's very
like well, really well written, really insightful, but also they not that long, like it's very like graspable
book, but it's only
agent
surviving autocracy. Um I don't do Hannah a rent is
she
wrote
about
to tout?
Oh no, that's yeah, it is. Um so she like Masha Gessen goes into sort of henna rinse ideas about totalitarian ism and then also this guy called Balint Magyar who is um he writes about the mafia state which is like very much related to fascism, but it's kind of its own special spin off. And I think that trump that here is really well to that,
but I haven't
actually that guy's stuff, it's really interesting. I don't know.
You're
Yeah. Yeah. He is, he was a politician and like Hungary or some Eastern bloc country. So he has like, I think specific maybe Ukraine even he has like very specific um experience with that and Masha Gessen because she like lived in Russia for forever has a lot of experience in writing about Putin also. And she brings hope a kind of unique um
perspective to the topic of contemporary, I don't know, fascism.
Yeah. Did you think
we would be thinking about that a couple
of years ago?
Oh, I know that. I understand.
okay. Well, we can talk
about something else too if you want to.
No.
Card
some more news.
go
ahead.
La
la la.
Well, we've
also happened, these are on Youtube also. Okay.
Yeah, that's great. I prefer that.
I feel
great.
I'm
good for like we're tutorials. I never think to check out more moves on Youtube, but I think there's a lot of like content creators on there that are doing interesting things. No
way.
That's funny.
Sorry, what were you saying before I interrupted.
Been understood.
You
are
no,
no,
no
experts
were doing
lot of Yeah, exactly. They're doing a lot of jobs like social work kind of jobs, but those guys are not as well trained to handle. Probably.
Yeah, Yeah, yeah, wow. Of
course.
But these are good clips for explaining that.
yeah. Yeah. That's always good. I like
you like my family. I mean, I'm glad that my family like mostly agrees that it also also whenever I hear my friends complaining about talking, especially like with the holidays coming up, um like talking to their family about politics or just avoiding it or what to do. I'm like always a loss for what to tell them. Do you like your family that is a little different of opinion than you, you feel like it's a feudal thing or have you like do you feel like you've gotten in sort of gotten in there? Like are you able to convince people?
no, it
didn't
seem like,
pointless to like cry. But I definitely feel like it's an uphill battle most of the time. I don't know
in
itself is so
interesting. It's like that's cognitive bias by the things that are going on that prevent us from kind of like, I think it's hard for people to change their minds.
Crystal
I like
both of the things that you've said here which is like trying to end on a positive note and also like finding something that is like a really a personal note for him to latch on to. Yeah okay I'm gonna think about that conversations um or like I'm even just talking to my friends about their conversations. Yeah
I
well listen sorry
what's your name
Orman?
Okay. Yes erin um Yeah I don't know it's like I think there are ways to get to people or make them think
about things. I know I've changed my mind about stuff but it's a really complicated recipe. I don't know
huh
Sean that
okay I won't hold you to that.
what
you
are.
well I think also we're not actually very logical like it turns out even people really want to be or not. Um and that's part of it. So you think you're like able to communicate with just you know logic but that doesn't really work
you know? And I think we don't hear each other very well either. I've read were not actually very good communicator. Yeah.
Hello?
I don't know. Um
I'm trying to think if I've read anything else in this vein
that would be interesting for
staying with
him. I don't know
Oh they're in the Stacey Abrams book which I thought was like being but I know she's great. Um It was interesting sort of talking, she talked a lot about gerrymandering and how that sort of has affected elections and also just like voter turnout. And then to see like Georgia had such tremendous photos like I think a lot of that's because of these two different agencies that she started that are trying to get people to vote in Georgia, right?
Do you wanna do Alicia
Garza, one of the hundreds of Black Lives matter And she
has a new podcast called Lady Don't Take No. And it's like a good
of if you're into like social justice and what
organizers are doing, it's definitely good. I don't know. She reads like a lot of people that she worked with and um, or has like long standing relationships with and they just sort of talk about what they've been doing. But she also always has like very astute breakdown and currently what it's calling the government. And she's funny. I don't know. It's like what? Yeah.
So what do you listen to?
That
sounds
interesting.
Uh huh That sounds really interesting.
And what
Yeah, that's like a big problem. So I live in massachusetts
and the laws here are really
pro, like kind of little guy most of the time. Like they have with labor laws and also like tenants rights and that kind of stuff. But I used to live in texas. Like that's where I grew up
And oh my God, nobody writes, they're like, can do whatever they want. I wonder if you feel like Nebraska is like more pro, like Labour Unionizing 10ants rights. These kinds of things are more like exploitative.
Yeah, that's
That's great. But
they're like, like, so I grew up in Dallas, which is like that. It's like,
it's very early, Like not a very liberal place, but there, it's a city so like there's, you know, liberal people, your
blue, but the state itself is like always very red. And I think
that,
what is that doesn't
you just talked about?
no.
Hello?
Why?
That sucks.
And
that's so
close.
You
push for.
And
interesting.
No, that's, I think, I think we're cool that there's like tenants unions, I don't know anything about this and like I had no idea. It makes sense because I know that there are way more like sort of ranchers rights and there used to be, but um,
I'm sure.
It
is
also massachusetts although it took much more extent than other places. I watched a, like a video from the library had a guy who works, I think like some sort of extension school at Harvard or something. They, he's like a, he's a legal expert with renter's rights I guess. And he put on a webinar like a couple of months ago sort of explaining how to avoid eviction and what you need to do in these different agencies that you can get in touch with and what he writes us and um that was very useful to like why. But also I keep hearing that people are still getting evicted. I think they're just not following the rules so I don't know.
For
that.
So that's one of the things that was like because they were closed for, so they were closed for a long time massachusetts and they opened up for a little bit. I think they're closed again was because of a huge backlog. Nobody's getting evicted. That could change like at any moment.
But
it sucks that that's prioritized like what the heck. Anyway, I don't know.
that's yeah, I don't, I hate that. That whole issue has been politicized. It's like, hey science, this is very effective. So we're gonna like tear that down and just political you instead. I don't know. It's
like yeah, it is. Let's hope that things are going to improve and maneuver
Before then. I know we're like 200,000 cases.
Uh we now, right, that's what I just heard on the radio.
Not yet.
You specified.
Really get that. No. Oh
yeah, it does. It's just,
it's just such a weird time, right? Like I don't have never been this much uncertainty and no one seems to be like, you know, there's no leadership.
What? I don't know. Not to like in this on a bad note um
There's a vaccine that has like 90% efficacy. I think so.
And they
are,
yeah. I've heard like optimistically april probably for like the larger population to get it. That's true. Right.
No I won't help.
Okay. I think that we have hit our time. Mhm. A real pleasure speaking with you. Thank you for the recommendations. I'm sorry.
On weird Krabi coded notes. Um
Erin nice parking. Yeah. Thanks very much.