My name's Mia, what's your name?
Well this is so weird. Have
you tried this already? They have never had a real partner.
Same. I thought it was like the study was about what happens when you just keep waiting for some.
Yeah. And I've tried it three times and it's pissing me because you make time in your day.
Oh we have to talk for 25 minutes. Right.
Okay. I'm just gonna keep track of the time just to make sure because you want to get paid. I want to get paid.
Um So tell me about yourself. Where are you? You don't have to like tell me exactly. Are you in America?
Oh I'm in Illinois. Um Like 45 minutes from Chicago.
The Great Lakes. Yeah.
Where? Um Okay because texas, I know some people in Austin and Dallas in Houston.
Okay. Is there like a mount Prosper high school?
Mhm.
No, I'm beyond that. I'm 24 so I work full time. But I graduated, I went to university of Alabama just because it was free. Um How old are you?
That's what I thought. My little brother is
like a couple years older than you. Where are you, What are you going to do next year?
You hate that question. I'm sorry,
I hated that question. I'm sorry.
That's awesome. I thought you you had a bit of an accent, Isn't college cheaper over there?
So you'll get like in state tuition basically
take your time. That's okay,
Okay. And do you know if they're like subsidized or unsubsidized? I know that's did,
it's better than here. Probably
that's our mission.
That's really good. That sounds awesome. So have you ever lived over there?
Your parents are from texas?
Oh, but you were born in texas?
Yeah. That's really cool.
No, no, I just think it's cool. I hate, I hate Illinois. Like I think it's really boring. Um
It's nice to meet people. Uh
No. Mountain. No nothing pretty nature.
Yeah. My friends are from, well I have family in California which is nice there in northern and it's really pretty up there and then I run from Puerto rico. And I actually go there a lot. I know that's the U. S. But it's nicer
but texas. Okay. Do you like texas?
That's good. What do you like about it?
Isn't that pretty? Isn't land like really affordable?
I think so. Tell me about how you, are you on prolific? Is everyone on prolific?
Okay. How long have you been doing? Prolific?
Oh okay. So you're pretty new
your time.
I figure it's mostly like young people who have free time and want beer money should tell my brother to do it. Um I really like it. I've had a good experience. I've only been on it for like months. But I think the money is good. I mean for what it is. You know it could be a lot better but like
it never hurts. Uh huh.
15 to
Are you interested in research
That's what I do for a living. So I like that side of it too because it helps me like think of what the participant is going through. Um So I work at rush hospital in Chicago and we're doing a study to see if a change in lifestyle can prevent dementia in older americans who are at risk of dementia.
Uh We're following them for two years. But now with corona virus which we should talk about two. The whole thing is crazy like our participants are 60 years old and older and there they could die from this. So everything is kind of, I mean it's still happening, but we're going to have to change like all the workouts from the intervention to virtual workouts or something stupid.
I'm working from home and they're still paying me the same I was making before.
Um, all time. I know. I'm lucky. Um Did you because you guys, my brother in college, you guys didn't get a stimulus check. Did you?
Gotcha? I know my little brother and my mom pays for his shit. So that's why I don't really know. But that's good.
Yeah, you're really young.
What do you want to study? You said?
That's awesome. Really interesting
biology. Which I wouldn't recommend.
It's just kind of boring. I mean
some parts of it were fine. It was fine.
I could have done
fuller.
I mean like genetics is cool. Um, I took an aquatic insects class because we were like in Alabama where they would drive us an hour like into the swamp area and we would have to catch bugs
and then we would like take them back to the lab. Obviously like they're dead in the alcohol and you look at them under a microscope and we had to classify them.
It was like hard. I was really bad at it. I think I got to see, which is really bad for me. But um, it's fun. Like actually catching bugs was cool. But other than that, yeah, I hated all the classes. I hate chemistry. I can't.
The geography will be interesting. That's exciting.
So you're saying you're going to go back to the UK and study geography?
When do you start or is it delayed because of Covid?
Can you live with family and like do the classes online
on
earth?
Okay. Are getting an apartment I mean why not?
Yeah. Get out of the U. S. I really wanna
end up in Canada.
Yeah, I've been just once. I want to go more. But yeah, I love it. It's just
The U. K. I want to visit. Wait so have you been just to visit family?
is it weird going back and forth from like us a culture to UK culture
closing?
I always think like the rest of the world thinks americans are really dumb because most a lot of us are
Every day, every day.
That's yep. Yeah that's why I'm like this is this has gone on long enough.
Exactly. No, I'll bet money on it. My mom doesn't believe me. I'm like have you seen
like
people love it? Every everybody's like, this is great.
That's cool though, that you get to go, Okay, so what is the U. K like? Like what do you like about UK food? Is there any good food?
Oh, comfort food.
fresh fruit and
vegetables are hard.
No wonder we're all dying younger than you guys. No, like literally all the research is showing that americans, like our diet is so bad.
There's been like that big of a difference.
Oh, but okay. Gotcha. But isn't it healthier?
Take
away.
Don't you guys have like beer, battered stuff too?
I really like fish and chips.
Oh, that's what you're saying. You're saying here in the US, we take away way more.
Okay. That's what I think you're right. I think you're on to something because it's different from like our parents and grandparents generations. They didn't do that.
No, I think it's a thing because I think it contributes to like obesity and I don't know, I'm really unhealthy. I'm trying to get better now that like my job involves it and I'm literally like, I'm a dumb ass if I keep eating this junk, get heart disease and everything, but it's so hard not to. But yeah, maybe I'll move to England or Canada and will be easier
to be healthy.
Oh yeah. No, hell no. They don't want people from America.
What? Uh
how we doing? Yeah. Wait, is it 20 or 25?
We've only been on for 15.
I hate that they do that because I knew. Yeah. Shit. I think I wrote it down to the hard. Okay. Yeah, we have to go on for 25. So yeah, it's like 10 more.
Okay. Yeah. No, everything's, I literally thought like no one was ever gonna show.
be so did you you know you probably don't want any reality tv.
That's a better way to go. There's a reality show on netflix called The Circle and that's exactly what this reminded me of.
Oh there might be a movie The Circle. This The Circle is like a reality show about kids but it's in different countries. That's why I like it because you can tell I like there is an american version but there's a french version. There is a Brazilian version and it's the same concept like these kids our age and older. Um Catfish each other because the whole reality show is like first of all it's weird but it's really entertaining if you like guilty pleasure type of trash tv. But that's good if you don't. What is your favorite movie?
What what is a movie that you watched in quarantine? Because you liked liked it like you know what I mean? Do you re watch movies you like?
Good movie?
I
really like Interstellar yeah
yeah because I don't think it like won any awards but I really thought Matthew McConaughey was good. I thought the writing good like I like science fiction.
Never even thought that
and I thought it was good too.
Who else was in it? Was it Jessica Chastain or no?
Oh the girlfriend Princess Diaries? I don't know who just by using oh not anne Hathaway no no.
An Interstellar
definitely.
Are you serious?
You're totally right you're completely right
okay. I didn't owe you a huge apology.
I was so confident.
Hey man. Oh Christopher Nolan directed it. That's why it's good. I liked didn't he do the Dark Knight on it?
Okay but Jessica Chastain wasn't it too?
And then isn't that kid like didn't he win an academy where? I don't know who the hell he is.
Uh huh. Is he always age? Is that why?
Why? Why? What? I don't get it.
Is he
actor?
No, he looks like a 10 year old.
Okay. I yeah, I don't remember half of these people being in it. But God,
very good movie.
I agree. Did you see the martian?
highlight that one too.
So what other than sci fi? What kind of movies?
Well they're usually bad.
yeah, I'm trying to think of a good Super eight. A good example
I think a thriller.
Okay, we're at like 21. Yeah.
I only have a timer because of work. I'm not like a weird person who has a swimmer or something at this one. What were we talking about?
I can't think of a is untraceable. Probably not seen what's like a big one. Oh,
did you see parasite?
That was,
I agree.
Oh, it was very upsetting. It's so real because like, yeah, we're really living that. Um, so a little bit of everything. Do you do like drama or like Quentin Tarantino once upon a time in Hollywood or more like,
like that action, thriller, action is action. Good time
normal.
I don't like those.
Cause I, yeah, I just like, I don't know why I was sleeping on, I've seen pulp fiction since I was like 15, but I just saw kill Bill like last year,
like all about, I am obsessed like so upset.
I can rewatch that. Yeah, I should.
Yeah, I just watched that for the first time.
I was hard to watch.
Mhm. I agree. Really well done. Nobody's gotten a word for that or did they know? I think probably did
the acting or writing?
Uh huh. So in the UK, like what kind of music and movies are like, what makes tough culture different I guess? Like is there anything or is it all the same? Like when you're in the UK, do you go to the movie theater and watch all the same movies that come out here? No, that's a stupid question. You don't do that.
So they only like british comedy?
That's really interesting. I think british humor is pretty funny.
Have you seen what I'm really bad with names. What are those like movies that have come out recently with that guy
when we think of a good
example,
Simon Pegg.
Look up Simon Pegg.
Okay, Shaun of the Dead in hot fuzz.
okay, so that's like british movies? Okay, that's awesome.
Good.
It's a little over the top here, if you're like one of the people who always loved it, like grew up reading the comics and now you get to see them on the big screen, That's one thing. But why is everybody like completely upset?
No, I've I've been forced to sit through. I like a few of them, but only like the darkness because Christopher Nolan was good.
Well we are good when, whenever
I'll let you, yep, we're done. Um I'll let you because I wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, church Church.
No, I'm still on the page, but it doesn't say 25. Why doesn't it say 25?
that's 19. How
is that possible?
No.
Oh yeah, does it count? It's counting up. It's not counting down.
Can we do want to just talk for five more minutes? Yeah,
if we go through all this and we don't get paid, we're gonna be pissed.
That's really weird though because I'm not like, okay, forever.
I haven't really had any weird prolific experiences, have you?
It's not like you're timed out or
that's weird though. I don't, it probably has happened and I just haven't, Yes, it's not,
I don't, I'm on Reddit and I look for stuff on reddit, but I mean I tried like swag bucks a long time ago. I didn't like it um for surveys. No, I haven't found anything. I agree with you. I like how prolific. I know some of its like market research for big corporations, but that's still at least like Oh.
So they really use that to make their ads like they're basing that off of your feedback,
sheikh like factor in the fact that some people are prolific, like I don't care, aren't paying attention.
Yeah, that's true. Because they have a lot of those like gotcha questions and on, okay, No, 24 Okay. I swear to God, when I went back to this page, it refreshed or something, I'm going to stay on this page, You can still see me Right, okay.
this
is pissing me. It says that's
21
I'm sorry. So I kept you waiting for like 10 minutes,
but I literally thought no one was showing up,
like
yeah,
I wonder who all does prolific. Do you think it's mostly like students, young people who need money, like our age
During your 9-5?
You're right, because don't you agree? It really depends on timing. Like if you're, I'm prolific, I feel like in the morning it's really active.
it's all about timing. So yeah, luckily when I've been working from home because like I just have to be kind of uncalled for participants and doing stuff on my computer. I just have it open on the computer
and
I've been doing it. But you're right. I can't do that when we're back in office and we're doing visits with participants. I can't. So
so what is it like in texas? What are people doing?
I like reopen protests.
Oh you're right. They haven't been given. I feel like the U. K. And Canada have been giving people a better stimulus.
So you've seen angry Texans by the side of the
People are not staying six ft apart. They're not wearing masks. Okay.
Stay out of it. Yeah.
Like kids your age are out are the bars open? No
the bars are open.
No.
Wait but how are they gonna know? You can't stay six ft apart.
Okay, well, I'm sorry you're in texas Illinois
little better. It's similar that people wanted to reopen, but our government is really, really liberal. So
I don't think I could go to a bar tonight in Illinois. Our club.
Okay. Well now it says 25 21 so we can hit next. Right,
how was that?
Yeah, this tab doesn't tell us anything.
Alrighty. Nice to meet you.