Yeah, I'll tap you if it comes on suddenly. Okay. Yeah. Do you? Mhm.
my name is. Will
I am.
I really did not expect anyone to come on. I tried like three or four times now.
I know it's the same thing. I actually thought they were gonna. It was no one's going to show up at the end of it like. Yeah, it was to see how hard you want to talk to someone because you have to fill out the form about how bored you were.
What was that?
Yes. 25 minutes.
Yeah, of course.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm in texas. Um Where are you?
huh. Oh yeah. Okay. By the Great Lakes. Right. Mhm.
Yeah, I know where they are. That's good.
I'm Houston. Yeah.
I've never heard of Mount Pearl for high school. I'm pretty central Houston. So that may be on the outskirts. I'm not sure. Yeah. Um
Are you are you college high school? Uh
I'm 18, so I'm graduating high school in like two weeks. Okay.
No,
so on that
No no no it's time I
I'm actually I'm actually british, so I'm heading home to England and I'm gonna uni there and spending the rest of my life there, so.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm much cheaper and I'm trying to because I am british, they're giving me home status for the most part. Wait
yeah, sorry, just a sec. Wait.
Yeah, because I'm because I'm british, they're giving me um home status for my school, so it's half price, so Yeah, so it's it's still it's still 1010 grand a year. Um I mean converted 12 grand, but the the loans that you get, the student loans are so helpful so it won't matter.
I mean the student loan system that is really good, so I pretty much
Well better like so if I get, if I get my whole university paid for on loans, I um I don't have to start paying until I'm over until I make over 35 grand a year. And then
Yeah, and then um and then they only take like 2% or 1 1.5 every year until you wait often. They, if you can't pay a year, they make exceptions and things.
no, I've a lot of family there, but no, I haven't,
no, no british. Yeah,
I was born in England, but we were only there for a year and then texas the rest of the time,
so yeah, I still have a weird accent, but yeah, I've just been taxes over.
it's just flat,
just flat. Well,
yeah, that's a bummer,
that's no, that's really cool. Yeah, That's awesome. What
a lot of times since. Yeah. Yeah.
I don't know. I mean because I don't know, it's just a, I like the living so it's just, it's just quite easy.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's Houston not as much, but it's quite busy now, but yeah, pretty much. Yeah. Um
I guess so. I'm on prolific. That's how yeah,
actually like 2.5 weeks I think. Yeah,
I am. Yeah, because I just, I just because I've just finished up school, so
so at the time it's just a way to pass time and do something actually worth time.
I don't know.
Yeah. Out of all the other ones, I've looked at like nothing like pays as good as it, it's quite trustable like this, the and it's quite more interesting than the other ones like the surveys get born
and the prolific uh uh like researchers, there's something really interesting, Yeah,
I mean, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um
wow, that's, wow.
so you work them, yeah,
that's really good, yeah.
No, but we're fine, we're like we're still in, work in texas is opening and back up anyway, so
yeah, um but literally I was literally just doing school busy with all that and then just shut down an example. Okay,
so I don't have to do anything. Um
So I'm studying Geography. Um uh Environmental science, I'm not sure what yet, but either way I just want to go into something to do with environment sustainability, that kind of area.
Yeah. What did you study in the university to get?
No,
and
I was
I was
about biology for a bit, but yeah, I just don't think it fit me very well.
Never.
that's cool.
that's a bummer. Well no,
yeah I'm just I'm quite happy with the course because it's quite a it's quite a broad course so like I can with it once I go and I have to choose my modules carefully but it can pretty much take me wherever I want to go, so
yeah and it's only three years there. Yeah, for everything. So yeah,
so so it's meant to be taking exams right now, graduate in a week or so and then we were meant to be starting september. I get results back halfway through the summer and then I can find out if I can go, which I mean the results are pretty much certain. Um It was meant to start september and the idea right now is that it might just be normal but I doubt that's going to happen. I think it's probably gonna be like a mix of starting online and I don't know. Yeah
I could I would you know I could it's quite busy like it's quite difficult because it's quite bad over there for my family but my great
so
I can maybe stay with most I was there but I have my my sisters are himself so that
yeah and I think there's still living accommodation, I think you're allowed to move into accommodation right now so hopefully I can just move into accommodation and just work from there. So work from the union. Yeah.
Well
that's cool. Yeah Canada's lovely. Yeah.
I went one time. It was amazing. Yeah.
Yeah just to visit um I spent the summer there because it's quite easy so because we have like so many connections there so spend the summer there and then um so I have a lot of friends there, a lot of people I know there
it's I'm really glad I know both. It's so amazing beyond what, both because they are different and they have their, you know, pass it. Um, like,
yeah, it's a good, yeah,
yeah, it's a bad stereotype, but I think you'll find, unfortunately it's being more proven with what's going on right now.
Yeah. So they really don't think, especially with the whole elections, they just did not see the whole, you know, I I don't know what your political views, but the whole rest of the world just didn't see it. They didn't get it.
What on, that's about to happen again. So
it's
even
it's crazy. It's really crazy. Um
so everyone says the UK more bland food, but it's really not true. It's just more home, like, like home food, like comfort, freedom, but
the food is incredible and everything is so much healthier. Like you just feel if you go to a supermarket. Yeah, it's crazy like if you were to go to a gas station here, you'd probably like eat by chips, drink, I don't know, slim jim, You don't really get much option. But there you've got like, their gas station food is all sandwiches, salads, like.
it
that was the norm and it's really, it's just such a different culture.
Yeah, it's crazy. Yeah. Um and I mean since corona versus started something, like I saw someone read it, which said like 65% of Americans now want to start eating less takeaway food now, they started eating home food because I've been stuck at home and not able to get so much take away. Ah,
yeah, because people are kind of noticing. Um yeah, it's quite crazy how many like how regular does just get takeaway through here
the
whole,
well it depends on the takeaway you're getting but yeah.
Oh fish and chips for sure. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah there's something that I mean yeah if you're getting takeaway in England it's not gonna be healthy but you don't really as much you do it like once a week or I like once every two weeks.
Yeah. Yeah it's a really noticeable actually. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah I don't know that's just what I know is that it could just be me. I don't know.
can
it would be really nice Canada So I mean you can't really go now because they're shut off all travel for a while
wow please stay away.
Uh Wow How we got five more 6 months
I thought it was 25. I'll quickly check um
Oh mine mine's messed up because I I went on a log on a little earlier.
that's right. Um
Really saying I woke up one day I accidentally said that I could do it all day long because I thought like the most options better. I woke up at like 6:00 on a Saturday and I sat there like with no one logging on back to bed it's like super nice
Yeah if I'm gonna watch something I mostly watch movies.
that I thought there was a movie because I heard something about that. Yeah.
Yeah that's really hard. Uh
I do I do a lot. Um There was I mean okay a recent one which I absolutely loved with interest out there.
You
easy.
I absolutely have no idea. White but it just was so good to me. It was incredible.
I thought that was because the soundtrack is we'll get like the hand summers like whole soundtrack of it is just unbelievable. Ah
Yeah I don't know. Um And even yeah Matthew McConaughey. I was actually tearing up when it was on the on the scene when he was like watching through the videos like it was quite it was really good.
Yeah. So I really what?
no it was it was a girl from you're not going to know the movie. I'm referencing uh Princess I wasn't here.
work
my thinking the wrong prison. Um
Let me look it up. Yeah man halfway. Yeah I was thinking of
yeah he's in it. She's on she's on the she's not the system
where
that's fine
and matt Damon was in it. It was really good you know?
he did yeah he's done me.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She was she was a daughter. Yeah.
Which one? Oh Tennessee shop? Yeah
I think so. I just know a lot of people are right you're obsessed with him.
I don't get
it although
I'm not attractive but a lot of people.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know I don't get it a big,
matt Damon was in it for like 20 minutes. Yeah
it's good now. I just thought the story, the story line as well it was quite complex but it just it just makes you think,
yeah. Yeah I rewatched the martian about two weeks ago actually which is quite funny. That yeah That was a really good one too.
I've never been into sci fi but some of those movies are I just love
I would say kind of a little bit of everything. Not so much horror movies I don't like horror movies.
Well that's true. There's some there's some thriller horror movies I really like but uh
I heard of it didn't watch it,
there's one on.
we're getting that.
Um Thriller horror movies.
huh.
Yes I did yeah
that was really good. Yeah. I haven't watched many movies where you have to read the subtitles the whole time. Um It was it was incredible like
the story, the story was just really good. I loved it. I was kind of sad by the end but yeah.
I will.
I don't
I'm
I don't want the marvel movies. No I'm not a fan of them but The Once Upon A Time in Hollywood is really good and I I love all of Quentin Tarantino's films I've watched pretty much all of them. Yeah.
you will
it's so good
mm and to Django Unchained
yeah, it's a
it was really hard to watch but the story that it was a really unique way of showing like that time period and yeah, I loved it.
I would say they had to if it was
Yeah, yeah it kind of deserves words for all this may be the real quick look quite good.
no, you know, I mean I don't wouldn't really go to the movie theaters in England but they all like it would be showing the exact same movies as America. Yes, kind of the comedy is completely comedy movies in America could never make it in England. Um
Yeah, I would say you would never really, you would never be able to watch an american colony movie in a british cinema I'd say.
it's really good like I did what I could watch like all british like a comedy movies but american comedies, I can't really get behind
there.
Is it all
for me? The same actors?
Wait
yeah, those ones the ones you're talking because those ones went really
yeah, Hot fuzz is amazing. Yeah.
Yeah. So yeah those are those for mutant movies, it's more the same I'd say, but less of the the big blockbusters like the marvels would they would be showing all the theaters but people are as obsessed with them I'd say
it's a little weird. Everyone loves them. I just don't understand it.
Yeah, like a lot of friends who never know like didn't have that experience and they just love them. It's like I don't get it, it's just all this same action. Maybe that's maybe I need to watch them first.
Yeah, that's really good. Yeah.
Oh, we don't,
Do we just leave the site
months? But you can, how long does it say?
Well,
I so
mindsets 37. So
yeah, it's coming on. Well,
well we can because I don't because it's kind of unfair if it doesn't let.
Yeah, that would be pretty frustrating.
I don't know what, just wait to your, yeah, wait to your time. Reading glasses.
No, no, I haven't. There was, I mean I got rejected from to which I did nothing wrong. Like I felt like this, but that service perfectly and they just rejected and I couldn't be bothered to follow it up. So I just like whatever. Yeah.
No, no, but they were like, they were like 30 cents and then one with like 80s and so I didn't really worry too much.
So do you use any other websites other than prolific?
Yeah. There was, there was like an ad, which I had to review for papa john's or something and then there was another one for another tech company and then like a week later.
Wow. I was like, wow. I could have done whatever I wanted. Like, it's quite crazy. Um, I know that.
See that. I think, I definitely think for all other survey websites, they, that would be a problem. But I feel like for prolific you're just, I, I think you're getting a better return for your money than a lot of other ones. So it makes you want to try because I know when I fill it out and like what if they think that I didn't focus when I answered that.
Are you going to stay on that one? I
know.
20. How many?
Okay. Yeah. I think it's just not loading as it's going.
It's fine. I was doing something else which was waiting. So
you
are. Yeah.
I'm amazed that someone showed up.
I like, yeah, I would say it's mostly orange because I couldn't as I'm like as I was doing schoolwork or like if I had an online class, I can have the page refreshed and loading. But if, if you're like doing as a side job, you can't do that during your job. So it's a bit hard to
yeah. So that could be, so, I feel like it's only young people.
It is. Yeah. I've done like an entire day where there's just nothing, absolutely nothing the whole day where I keep checking and then I'll go and then one day I'll just go in for a second and they'll be like four there so it just depends.
all
the time.
Yeah so I think as soon as like as soon as it starts coming like life starts going a little bit more back to normal it'll start like calming down a lot.
So it started so when I first when everything first got shut down everything shut down and everyone was all good but I think people can't just sit and just wait it out. And so we started having not in Houston as much but in other places that a lot of protests and a lot of people.
Yeah because the government just not taking care of people enough and they don't know what to do other than try and get back into work. So the,
Yeah I haven't been following it too much but what I've heard is that they're taking care of them a lot more um a lot more than here that's for sure. And then yeah ever was trying.
Um But and then so as soon as so we pretty much opened about a week ago and the case numbers have just kept on rising so I feel like they're just gonna explode soon. Um But like there was I saw a video yesterday of like a restaurant stuffed full of people in Houston and like it's really people really think it's just normal again and they're just being.
yeah it's just not good. Um But yeah I don't really I I exercise I do my work, I don't really do too much so I don't see it as my I don't see it but
it's happening in Austin in Austin, it's bad, they're all at the parks and things and just partying and
the
bar is just open and actually tonight is the first night that the major uh club in Houston, like Houston's biggest club is opening.
You go clubbing tonight like I can go clubbing tonight.
No they don't care that it's just not a thing they're just waiting for just exploding in and so
it's good.
Yeah so it's yeah it's not such a problem.
that's how it should be. Right.
What I think? Do we close? Do not move until next? So do we
does it say close the tab and then move on
Make sure you keep this survey tab opened up close. Okay. At least five minutes when your conversation is complete please return to this browser and continue. Okay so I'm gonna click the next button and then I'll close off of the tab. Okay? Yeah so I quit the next page and I think we just close this.
Not here. Right.