here, can you hear me?
I don't know if it's using my
this or that, but anyway. Hi.
I guess so.
I'm in Maryland. How about you?
Oh, that's not far.
Raining.
Oh that's good. My best friend lives in Philly actually, so
anyway, yes,
I
love Kenny, but I have a oh wait, no, nobody. I had a kennywood cup but I'm not drinking out of it today, so yeah. Uh I haven't talked to a stranger in so long house. Uh your quarantine going
saying?
I have, I've been watching 90 day fiance with my boyfriend,
I don't know why he wants to watch it, but he does. So I'm like okay,
I wouldn't call him for a man sick. I think we just like to shit on. Am I allowed to cuss
okay? I think we like to shit on me. Um Yeah, the research is going to be sitting there like uh this lady said a bad word. Um Yeah, I've been out. I think since around me too, I'm a server, so the dining rooms are closed. And yeah, it's gonna be so fair when I go back like I'm just I don't remember how to talk to people. I'm like losing my mind.
Yeah. Like I drive to his house like we keep our schedule up, he's working from home, but he's been going crazy like he he can't handle it, but I'm here to help him.
I put on some makeup because my skin is best stuff and I'm like, oh I should probably cover something up. But I think that's the first time I've worn makeup and like 27 years.
Yeah. Oh, it's my room Bessie. Yeah, I got some
I got
some stuff back there.
I do. I just like this chair because it's comfy like it has a nice one bar support, but yeah, I played some games. Do you?
Yeah. Like I felt my computer and then into all that stuff, so.
You have tech support and tech support for my boyfriend. So um it's easy, it's like legos like you just follow the directions and it all comes together. It's just like, it makes me nervous because like, I don't have the money to like make mistakes or like break something. So I'm like, I get really nervous that I do it.
Yeah. I literally when I did this one, I had to like set like,
so sometimes you have to put like a lot of pressure when you like push the lever down to like get the CPU. And I basically had to like sit on it. Like I had to put all of my body weight and I was like, there's no way there's no way this is right. There's no way. But I just went with it because I want to go. It it was like,
but it was scary. It was like, I think it was like $300 or something. And like, yeah,
that's not money I have to throw around, but I did it for school.
I'm
it
is
and it lasts forever. Like my old one, I think I had it for five years and there was nothing wrong that like, I just needed. So I'm sorry, I like big blah blah blah. But I smoked cigarettes for years and years and I was like, I'm done with this, I'm done with all the ashes. I'm going to quit
smoking and then I'll make myself a nice computer that won't
be like all
dusty and nasty and like,
so that was like my reward or whatever, but now I have to come up
with the
reward for stopping that. I don't know what that would be. I guess. Money, more money,
um makeup. Like I'm not that girly, but it's like tempting whenever you go to one of those stories, it's like, I'm never going to use this, but I want this, just have a minute, right? That's probably maybe saving maybe retirement. It's a good thing.
Yeah. I don't want to look at mine right now. Um our company has been for one day but we get paid $33.63 per hour and it's all tips And so like they will match it, but it comes out of our paycheck after taxes and Medicare deductions. So it's basically like coming out of $0 every month. So I have like $2 in my world. Okay,
imagine. It's crazy. What do you do
at PNC? Yeah.
that's
fun.
It's fun to be around there. I said that because my friend who lives in up there, that's what she does at PNC. So that's a quick quick uh huh.
Yeah. That's my bank.
uh We gotta slow down, We're going to slow down the words
there. They're like what what do people talk about when they're forced
to talk for 25 minutes? This is our study. Um Animals. Do you have any pets?
Who?
that's so cute.
Um I don't have pets. I'm like definitely allergic to every mammal. But my boyfriend has two cats and I'm like addicted to them and they're addicted to me. So I just take my Zyrtec when I'm there. But they are so cute ones, like a big fat boy, he's like so needy. His name's Ash and he just like, well like hug you like literally hug you and cuddle with you and look up at you and he's so sweet. And the other ones like skittish and like really really playful, like eternal Kit and I think he's like seven years old, but he's just constantly like knocking everything onto the floor and his name smoke. Um Have you seen, I bought them, I buy them like a million things because I'm like the aunt who spoils them. Um We bought this thing on amazon, it's like an orange thing that you like put it on a door, like you attach it to the door knob and like bring it around to the other door knob and it works with batteries and it's like a belt that loops around and there's like a little string attached to it and the string like the cat can pull it and it will stop and then it'll just keep going and like clap the string on the floor and plus and the casco freaking crazy. And you don't have to like actually play with if you don't feel like it.
Yeah, it's really cool. I think it's called Thank you. Think of the string. Think
I'm
it's something like, yeah, it was like 15 bucks or something and they can get so rough with it and it hasn't broken but it eats batteries like like crazy, but you should get it, you're kind of like
Yeah, they don't like the automated stuff either because they're like you got to do work, you got to play with me. But they really like that every time because he never, my boyfriend never turns it on. So every time I come over, the cats, excuse me, the cats like go in the kitchen and start like batting at it because they want me to turn it on
so they
like it.
Yeah, he will like, you know those stick toys with the like string attached to it or whatever? He has one of those and he'll like drag it from room to room like wherever he thinks I'm gonna be, where he thinks I'm gonna sit down when I like walk into the house.
He's so cute
and hair
ties.
Um The big fat boy, is that like a gray cat? I guess he looks like a Russian
blue mixed
with another thing that chartreuse. He kind of looks like a mix between the two of them and then the other one is just like a little little grey tabby boy. Yeah,
I hadn't orange tabby
growing up. His name is Floyd. Yeah, he was the baddest. He was like All my cats lived to be like 25.
I don't know
why like because they were indoor outdoor like they ran around in eight random birds and
crap and they just like live forever. But
he was
he
Yeah. What kind of it's like a neighborhood but other than like a gravel road so
it's not
like
yeah they just you know destroy the local wildlife and whatnot.
But other than we definitely have more birds now than we did back then.
thank you sir.
he was like I found it. I found it. He was caught him trying to light eggs in your yard. That's so cute.
Uh huh. Yeah. I wish I sometimes wish that I could just like bring rice to his house and like let him free because you can tell like they have, they want to like do something, they want to like hunt for something. But that would be a little crazy and I think he'd be mad at me if I brought my son to himself.
Yeah. Doggies. Do you have any doggies?
My dog
pregnant.
Yeah. The dogs are handful unless you have like a big backyard and they like a door and they can just go. But
but there you know that they're tortured the whole time. Whenever my boyfriend leaves the house, my his cat turns into like an alarm and just nonstop and like I can't sleep and I like yell at him. I feel so bad like I want to scream with water or something but I'm like I know he's hurting and that's not gonna make it better. Yeah, he's so needy. The other cash
just like, yes. Your God, now I can knock everything over without you yelling at me. But
yeah, I think so because he he like nurses. You
know like when, when there's a fuzzy blanket, he like does like
the little blanket
sucking like
hell stuck
on
the blanket.
and it's really awkward. Something I'll have the blank up here and you're like stuck up here. I'm like, I don't think I got what you're looking
for.
It's
like, I'm not quite like the right species for this. Um He's so cute though. The other kitty was um I think he was like found abandoned like behind a dumpster in Georgia. I don't quite know how like he got to where he is, but he's there. But you could tell he was like the runt because he definitely has like confidence issues, but he's the cure otis. I wish I could show a picture but I don't think I don't just like have a picture laying around. Do you have a picture?
my phone like ends up in my car and it just stays forever,
you know? I just hate it. I just I don't know why I'm a scrimmaging.
It's
so cute.
He's a fat boy, I love kitties, I'm like I'm not used to like being in front of my computer with somebody looking at me and I've lost
and like all sorts of things over
there and I'm like oh I'm gonna floss my team but that would be great. Hello? Did it cut off? Do we are we having technical problems? Technical problems. Yeah. Is there like a share screen?
Yeah. Is this is this like the study they're going to see how I react to technical problems? It's so awkward. Okay. Mhm. Yeah
mm. Yeah. And what was it dancing, North Massa uh Dancing with my set of dancing with my set
out?
It's like a dance.
Uh huh. Yeah. Uh Your people looking here like got my tucker. Yeah I think it be okay for a minute step into this world. Always saying little girl, don't step into the club, understand the kind of christians as well and uh yeah
but what? Yeah yeah. Oh yeah people
look
I
mean
I think can be okay, I'm gonna send into it as well I would say a little bit all set to do the clock, I'll just send the under Pakistan's mother can again get it, get it. But yeah um is there a timer somewhere I got it saying for 19 minutes and 20 seconds doesn't uh I feel so creepy just looking
person.
Uh That's right. Well since I'm supposed to be having a conversation I suppose I could have a conversation with myself. Um Except I can't really ask myself any questions because I already know what the answer is. Oh, you people look at me. Don't go. I don't think it would be okay. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Technical problems. Technical problems. Uh I've got no technical problems. Hey?
Stay.
It's good.
Oh yeah. Okay. Mhm.
You're acting, You're really the actor. Mhm. Every time they turn the lights down, I just want to go. That extra mama with you. Bio oil. Mhm. I got my other fun in the mail. I'm really happy. It is good. It is good. I'm looking off the camera while putting on my lip balm. I'm so moisturized fucking you. Mm hmm. 22.
Hi,
I'm frozen.
Yeah. This is very cool. Mm. Mhm. I hear people look at me like I'm gonna took uh you ever think you'd be okay? I'm gonna step into this? Well, I'm gonna see what my ping is. Two. What? Yeah.
Yeah. I have fairly low late and see to all the things that chrome is connected to. Can I assume if I've had any packet loss? Well, maybe I did because sometimes I do and um you know, sometimes that would cause me to those connection and um sometimes that may happen when I'm nervous. I like to say what a lot because it keeps my mind off of being nervous. So um yeah, lip balm on my lips. Lip balm on the lips. Huh? Dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt term 24 minutes and 21 seconds. I can go all day. Mm hmm. Uh huh.
Oh
yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Can I change my microphone Empire two line in so I can place them rick. Mm hmm. Back.
Yeah. Uh we're no strangers to love. You know the rules And so do I thinking of you. Better get this any other guy tell you our feeling. Gonna make you understand? Never gonna give you up. Never gonna let you down. Never gonna run around and desert. You never gonna make you cry. Never gonna say goodbye. Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you. Uh huh. Known each other for salah. Your heart is racing. Do I say going on gonna play it? Okay. Glad to see. Never
gonna give you up. Never gonna let you down. Never gonna run around and do so to never gonna make you cry. Never gonna say goodbye. Never gonna tell the lot and hurt you out. Never gonna let you down. Never gonna run around and to suit you. Never gonna make you cry. Never gonna say goodbye. Never gonna sell the lie and hurt you. Uh Get never gonna give never gonna give never gonna give known each other for so long. Your husband aching but you're too shy to say going on gonna play yet. Uh huh. Mhm. Gonna make you understand. Never gonna give you but never gonna let you down that we're gonna roll around and to search.