SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm Mhm. Yeah. Okay. One. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. What? Oh what?
SPEAKER_R: you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah sure. Can, can you hear me
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, everything looks good. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, I signed up for 11 a.m. Thinking that they wouldn't pick actually pick 11 a.m. And little cleaning, but whatever, I'll do that.
SPEAKER_L: I know right. For me it's actually eight. AM.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Yeah, makes sense. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Fun fun. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in boston massachusetts and I'm just trying to like got a bunch of stuff out of my apartment uh right now and uh I'll admit, so like I got like a million action figures here and
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: I'm just trying to find and I'm just trying to find this one action figure in my closet that's full of boxes And I'm like, Oh crap, I gotta do this thing at 11. I'm like all right, let's just do this thing at 11. So I'm a little hyped up, but
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: I'm here
SPEAKER_L: sounds good. Sounds good. What kind of action figures do you have? That sounds awesome.
SPEAKER_R: uh Ice the core is X men. But then it branched out to all marvel and then branched out to Dragonball Z. And then branched out to uh anything else? I look cool.
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: So I had this was looking for this like um expensive action figure that I got that I put in my closet because I didn't have enough room anywhere else. And I'm like, oh crap, somebody break into my apartment steel or something, where is it? And I just found part of it five minutes ago and I kind of want to get out of my apartment because it sucks. I'm actually a dog sit at my parents house this weekend and I really hate my apartment and trying to move to my girlfriend's house. I've been like living there for a month and we've been going out for a very long time. Mm on, that's kind of my deal at the moment, ideally I'd be in a much, much calmer setting, but uh and we try to push all that crap out of my mind.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah sometimes it's just kind of the the cards that life hands you at the moment. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, well, you know, I just hate being here um knowing that have to be somewhere else or want to be somewhere else. So all that wrap up here and everything. Yeah. And yeah, I just hate this point. I hate it. I lived here for six years. Um six years. Yeah. six years. Uh it was great for a little bit, started to suck. Um Now it just completely sucks for the most part. But um like I'm tired of it here. It's not so bad right now because I haven't lived here for three weeks at a time like without leaving. Like I have previously in this in the year right? Like I'm just, I just got here like an hour ago burning ones. Ah enough about what I really am interested in talking about with like people, this is like other strategies for like making money online other than prolific or talking about prolific in general I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah no definitely definitely. Um So I've been having a lot of fun just kind of figuring this out myself. There's a few different sites I use. Um I think the number one moneymaker for me is user testing. I don't know if you've heard of that or not.
SPEAKER_R: I used user testing to uh lot the past month. Um they changed their website, so at least you have to filter through a ton of garbage all the time.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I know. All right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's good. Um The live interviews are like the best, obviously.
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: Um I don't have any of those schedules. What stinks? I did. I probably did like 10 website reviews this week though. Um Yeah, it stinks sometimes where you're like, oh my God, I got like 2020 of them up, and then you're like, oh, I don't qualify for any of them, and then you get one and you're like,
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: oh, wait, do I qualify for this? Uh maybe? And you do
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: you like, Oh, I don't really want to answer this because I could get a bad review. He's got to toss it back. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: have been some where they're like do you shop at these following places and then it says shopping includes browsing so I'm like ok I'll just quickly grab my phone and browse.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I've done that. Um I like I signed up for like a 60 minutes, 60 minutes interview about something that like I didn't know anything about because I'm like, yeah, sounds almost reported credit card. I've always tried to do a chargeback ones and it was really awkward. I got like, I was like, I was making stuff up off the flight. I felt really stupid. I felt like I was going to get a bad review, but I got a, it got approved but it was way
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: too,
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: it was way too, it was, I was way too nervous about it. So honesty is the best way to go forward. You know, even now traditionally I've always been a liar when it comes to surveys and stuff. Yeah. Um What about other than user testing? What do you use the
SPEAKER_L: So other than user testing, another one is um now this one doesn't pay as much. It has its good weeks and then it has its bad weeks it just really depends on the market but amazon mturk or mechanical turk. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: I'm also like big and character uh, like In September I almost a 100,000 blocks I think, which is like my record, but that's because you use like to use the head for workers and the scrapers and like the auto find auto auto pickups and stuff. Okay. One. How is, how is your Amtrak week this week?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Oh well you're talking about the auto pickup. I'm sorry I'm I apologize I haven't used those yet, I've been looking at them but I haven't used them yet.
SPEAKER_R: are you kind of knew damn turk.
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm about a month in so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I've used it off and on since 2012. Um around. It's good. I've made at least like $100 a week since I started doing it again. May I kind of want to wind down off these things? They're driving me walks a little bit and burning out and
SPEAKER_L: Let me see a few other sites I use. Um I also use um they don't they don't um it's a little bit harder to find a job but they do pay well. There's respondent and there's a user interviews.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh yeah. I signed up for user interviews, but it never actually does study with them because I don't want, I refuse to link my, my linked in to them. I guess that might be why
SPEAKER_L: Oh I actually I don't I personally don't have my linkedin. Um Put with it's
SPEAKER_R: I got
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: something.
SPEAKER_L: I said it's kind of hard to get a job. Um They do pay good so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've never done one of those. I signed up for responded, but I think that they require a work email maybe.
SPEAKER_L: um they do but you refused to give it as well so again it just makes it harder to find a job but you can't like for example you can't get a professional job but you can filter those out so.
SPEAKER_R: okay. I was like, yeah, no, I'm not getting my work email, it's ridiculous. Um I don't know, I'm kind of like burned out off these things anyway, just like too much of it, you know, you stop working and you're like doing like two or three hours of extra this stuff, because I'm just like I kept like fanatic about it because I'm like, oh man, it's like a game. It's like, oh man, I got to make as much money as they possibly can off these things so I can buy more specific than that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah definitely definitely. Um So far so far I'm still I'm still enjoying it though, I enjoy the being able to just stay at home aspect of it so I can I can just you know go do a job and then get up and plays around that if I want to and then get back to work, you know?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah, I'm just trying to think. Yeah, take a look at the head forker. Uh being the panda crazy thing for enter. That's like step one I think for making it easier. So you aren't they like it just filter, it makes it so much easier to just grab stuff and then I don't know. Look into a script that auto accepts good hits. So you have to babysit that a porker.
SPEAKER_L: Okay sounds good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that way like it just kind of like it just kind of accept them on its own. Um It's kind of, some people think that auto accepting stuff like that is kind of risky but I don't know I've been doing it for a month and a half and having any issues
SPEAKER_L: Let's get to know.
SPEAKER_R: another one. People talk up a lot is dieskau but I think it sucks. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Oh really? I haven't even I haven't heard that one
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. You have to like you have to submit a video just to apply to a study and I'm like uh I'm not gonna even get paid, why why am I gonna bother doing this?
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: You know?
SPEAKER_L: That's true. That's true.
SPEAKER_R: Um Let's see what else, what else do I use? Uh Focus forward is like a panel group. Um And I keep getting into like these like panels essentially like these like $100 things where they like talk to you about stuff. I don't know why I keep getting into them. I'm like okay maybe they're going to catch on to the fact that I have like don like three of these studies in the past month. But okay look up Focus forward 2020 research. Uh Watch lab. And as far as commercial surveys go like it like the bottom of the barrel is like commercial service where you're like doing like surveys not like a university but like evaluate products and stuff Because sometimes they pay like 50 cents for like 20 minutes or something insane.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I know right.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: People.
SPEAKER_R: clear voice surveys actually does have occasionally product tests and invites to focus groups. Like I did one where I got like this terrible food and we ate it live. I still got 100 bucks for it. So
SPEAKER_L: nice. It sounds like fun.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. How about anything else? And you are in that you've taken a look at?
SPEAKER_L: Um Anything else? Again it's kind of a bottom of the barrel, but it is a good place to turn to when there's um nothing else available at the moment. It's uh I think it's called Q. Me surveys surveys. Um
SPEAKER_R: Don't
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: let
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: anyone. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: E so
SPEAKER_R: I'm not familiar with it.
SPEAKER_L: so um kind of like you said it's like you know maybe 20 minutes and it's you know it's again like 40 cents or something like that or or a dollar. Um Which which I mean I guess it's not too bad but it's like The dollar for 20 minutes. That's like How much? Like $4? Yeah like $4 an hour. So
SPEAKER_R: $4 for 20 minutes per survey. It's not terrible.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's true,
SPEAKER_R: And then
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: you just
SPEAKER_L: true.
SPEAKER_R: like entering like garbage um and just brush through it. But sometimes you can get away with not in this study of course, by the way for those watching,
SPEAKER_L: Oh definitely. Right. But.
SPEAKER_R: Have you done any of these before? Have you done any of these before when you talk to someone?
SPEAKER_L: Um not this particular one where I just talked to a random person about anything for you know, the next 25 minutes. But um but I've I've done like I've done um like like a user testing, I've done live interview so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. This is like a particular study on prolific that They did over the summer and I talked to four people, you know, I guess just the same thing as one of the persons, one of people I talked to was incredibly knowledgeable about body making stuff and I'm like, oh man. So I bet some of these people really know their stuff, but I'm like, I can't, I can barely keep up with like user testing and I'm tired. I mean I wear I I haven't, I do work full time too, so
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, there you go. Having that
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: on top of the hat,
SPEAKER_R: that's why I'm like uh anyways, so that's like I've like going on and on. So how about you? What's your background?
SPEAKER_L: my background. So I'm you're in boston, I'm in Washington state. So uh right now at the current moments um I'm just kind of with the whole chaos, that was the whole coronavirus thing and um and my sister also had a baby and you know and we're the first few months, the first few months was just me helping out, you know and um and and taking helping around taking care of the baby. But because of that I've been taking a break from school and then I've also just been like I I don't really want to get a job where I'm going out and about um with everything that's going on right now and so and so I've just been um The first few months I was just helping around and that was just fine. But then um you know he's been the baby's been getting older now and he can do some more stuff on his own. Doeses't need to have an eye on him like 24/7 so so it's just like well maybe I should get back to work but I don't know where to start. And so it's just kind of looking at some stuff for like remote options and that's when I found out about this stuff and I'm like oh that's cool, maybe I can make it work so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I think that like without the distraction of like a full time job, like I have, I think with like enough motivation. uh I mean I can imagine getting like at least 30, wow, just 30 bucks, 30 or $40 and user testing a day. Um
SPEAKER_L: um yeah that's about how much I get so
SPEAKER_R: um Like I only probably do like maybe like one or two a day except on Sundays where they don't have any um
SPEAKER_L: all right,
SPEAKER_R: mturk if you look into those options and look into some of the entire communities. Um I would take a look at that because I do think like it's possible to make like routinely make like 200 bucks a week on enter. Like I do it, I make like 100 like I was hitting 200 bucks with a job essentially uh on mturk routinely. So I think it's probably like that that there is that prolific is not a big moneymaker, it's my experience. Um I talked to maybe $15 a week.
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's that sounds about right.
SPEAKER_R: Um If you do the folk, if you go crazy on focus panels and you start getting them routinely, you know, it's another 100 bucks or so. Um Yeah, I think like, and then there's just like a professional work options I've never touched because they're too intense. Um A lion's bridge and other things where you actually are like doing a job, right?
SPEAKER_L: I have done, I have done some stuff for line for line bridge, I just finished a uh it was, it was like a recording for um I I think for navigation in japan, you know for for english speakers, so like
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: interesting
SPEAKER_L: of like
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: GPS
SPEAKER_R: you have to do,
SPEAKER_L: entries so uh huh
SPEAKER_R: what did you have to do?
SPEAKER_L: Oh so they had a like a list of different phrases and like for example it would say um it would say something like um where you know like um when's the next stop to um hashing something, you know and I have to just, I just have to say the name, the japanese name itself, like the way it's pronounced, not like I wouldn't be like passion, I would be like hashing you know um according to the way they pronounce it, but I would just record a whole bunch of phrases like that for about For about like 2.5 hours, you know, or give or take, but it paid $75, so that's nice.
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty good. Uh So are you a college age?
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm kind of, I'm I'm 27. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah, so I guess like going hard on these things is uh as possible and like a way to like do it, I guess no one should be mindful of taxes. So I do see a lot of people running into that and uh especially where You may not get a 1099 some of these entities.
SPEAKER_L: for sure. For sure. I've been kind of, I've been kind of like Looking at my account and I'm like 20% of this, I'm not going to touch. That's
SPEAKER_R: I kind of see it,
SPEAKER_L: the same. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I'm like yeah it's funny now, but just coming out of the refund later and uh let's see now, my girlfriend just messaged me in another tab saying that the bird, the bird is sick, so a little, oh jeez
SPEAKER_L: What kind of bird?
SPEAKER_R: she has a budgie and
SPEAKER_L: how fun.
SPEAKER_R: it's a female bourbon, keeps keep laying eggs just driving trying to be hard nuts and driving me nuts. Uh So just said God it's ridiculous. The bird bird does not have anybody around but she keeps like laying eggs sliced. It won't you only like one egg but you think she's muscle lay another egg? Um Yeah it's just uh because the bird offers a lot of um support to her during the week, you know just in general. So it's just uh
SPEAKER_L: well it looks like we have about five more minutes and then then you can Russian over,
SPEAKER_R: I do all my crazy stuff, I gotta do that today. Um
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: But yeah
SPEAKER_L: mean
SPEAKER_R: kudos.
SPEAKER_L: if you want like if you start packing or something, I don't mind like talking to you while you're in the distance, getting stuff ready.
SPEAKER_R: I don't want to expose how dirty everything is And it's only five minutes.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. But yeah I know but veggies are so much fun. I had I had three different judges over the years and they were all a lot of fun. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Uh This is like my introduction. The budget is to be honest um She got to one of them died because of another egg issue. Uh And then I was like all right, they just sit there and like eat and like chirp that's it, right? But then this one of digging through the box taking through the, you know, the box underneath and just so what's your budget experience?
SPEAKER_L: Um My budgie experience um first one definitely spent a lot of time with the cage, but that was because she was um um and I didn't I didn't know this at the time, it was my parents that got her before I was even born but she she was wild caught from from Australia so so she spent a lot a little more time in the cage because she she was a bit wild but the other two, I got them both at the um my family got them both at the same time and um one of them, he was so funny because he he did not like having your fingers anywhere near him, but he was fine with your face around him. Like if you put your hand around him he would go and just knew where to bite. Like he would go for the cuticle or like in between the fingers where the skin just hurts the most. Um But if you put your face next to him so he liked it and if he started like if you were able to sneak your hand around and start petting him from the back and he didn't notice it was your finger, he would start like tilting his head like, oh that's so nice, that's so nice. And then he sees your finger then like no this was a lot of dragging your finger so so
SPEAKER_R: that's good.
SPEAKER_L: you know he would him he would do that the other one, she was a bit shy but she she really liked um she really liked her her partner there so so so she felt pretty comfortable with him. So I know with some budgies they have the like they have the capacity to learn to mimic words.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's kind of I was kind of what she keeps joking about about what words she's going to keep repeating, but she never has uh stinks because I hope, I don't know, she's going to have to take I so I'm just going to take the bird to the to the animal hospital again.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Um And she gets really stressed that when she has to do that because of the virus in the masks and everything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah well especially with birds they tend to be very fragile so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's ridiculous. I mean two weeks ago this bird laid an egg and now she's trying to lay another one and she's already like messed up her insides again.
SPEAKER_L: No for saying. Yeah I think I think because I've had two female budgies out of the 32 or female I think I've only had one of them lay eggs like once. And that was it. There was another one that started showing nesting behaviors but she never she never laid any eggs. So
SPEAKER_R: Well that's good, the nesting behavior is crazy, is so bizarre.
SPEAKER_L: it is
SPEAKER_R: I mean she was digging through the cardboard underneath the cage, hiding under there, sneaking into our shirts. Uh
SPEAKER_L: go,
SPEAKER_R: and which would be nice. It would be a nice thing if she routinely did those things without, you know, having to like lay an egg with it. No,
SPEAKER_L: I know what you mean.
SPEAKER_R: but she was never really a hand raised budgie so she's her hand and tamed, so he kind of gradually been contained over the past uh eight months. But yeah no she's just she's and I don't know, I don't get it. It is such a ridiculous pain in the ass thing that she keeps doing. I mean it's not her fault but just it's just oh
SPEAKER_L: Oh man. Yeah let me check the time and just make sure because they said if you're even like 24.5 minutes they're not gonna count it so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: always like for these I just give them a buffer of like Dad like just do it for like another two or 3 minutes
SPEAKER_L: Okay sounds good mm. Yeah but yeah does she own any other animals are just a buddy?
SPEAKER_R: just the budget. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Have
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: you,
SPEAKER_R: of course I was saying, I was like, man, the second I leave, there's something I know it was the second I leave, something's going to happen. Um And sure enough it does. Yeah, because I was
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: like, I was like, I was like, all right, what's going to happen here? She's she's not going to lay the egg tonight because that's what I was saying yesterday. It's gonna happen. It's just gonna lay the egg tomorrow night. Because whatever, whatever happens, it's going to be I'm going to be receiving a message so it's going to be an abstraction to me that I'm not going to see uh that I'm not going to see. Yeah, I'm just gonna have to when you're not there, you kind of like have to visualize and you're like distant from it a little bit, you know, like it becomes like an online thing that's not completely real, but it is and it's like uh I'd rather be there, but I gotta do, I have to I have to take care of my parents dog this weekend, so whatever she's got to deal with it, she'll probably have to go to the animal hospital, I'm not going to be there and
SPEAKER_L: I'm so sorry.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's all right. I mean I hate to say it, but you know, sometimes not having to deal with being in the front lines of that's not such a bad thing either. No,
SPEAKER_L: I don't blame you I don't blame you. It's like you wish you could be there and be supportive but at the same time it's kind of a relief not having to be there in the middle of it all.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Yeah, it should think of the bird type. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No kidding
SPEAKER_R: Because well not just it stinks because both of them would have, you know, she got them both in february one, die within a month. I would just do it snake for the other one. Just the same stupid thing. Um
SPEAKER_L: holding on.
SPEAKER_R: She's going to get Mail one from now on.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I was gonna say I was gonna say um males tend to be pretty good birds to they tend to be really between the two of them. They tend to be more clingy
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's good. She was saying that she was saying that she wanted to get older female ones because no one else adopts them and she was sticking with that. But this is just like, this is just this
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: is ridiculous. Is ridiculous. I mean, but it's also ridiculous because I mean, there's no one here, or no one there except us. You know, there is nothing that should make this bird keep laying eggs every two weeks, because I'm like, all right, even if we get through this one is you're gonna lay a third egg. Um And I've
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: met
SPEAKER_L: kidding.
SPEAKER_R: with a soft,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's like you're not a chicken.
SPEAKER_R: that's what we have, is we keep saying it like you're not chickens, you got to cut it out. Uh We'll cook the sector's Vietnam. Do you want to stop it? It can. Um I thought the egg was incredibly disgusting to look at them. Like, get away from me, so I'm still
SPEAKER_L: no I definitely definitely get a male. Um It's actually really interesting. Um You look at the D. N. A. Of birds it's a little bit different. For example if I remember correctly, it's the it's the males that have the X. X. Chromosome and the females that have the Xy chromosomes. So that's and that's that's why again you know the males typically um they look a lot more colorful. They look you know, between
SPEAKER_R: Not at all.
SPEAKER_L: between your typical bird species. Yeah. Yeah. And so they also tend to be more between the two of them. They tend to be the ones that are more out there more social and and then because of that they are also more clinging to. So what?
SPEAKER_R: would be nice when it would be nice. Thing is, you know, I would prefer I would ideally, I know it would suck if this bird died. But ideally it would be nice if, like, you know, we could just like, get into one. Like, I don't know. Like, I don't know. I I know you shouldn't like, go and get one the next day, but like, I don't know. I'm just having a I'd rather just have another one that's not posing these problems. Um
SPEAKER_L: Give give her a week to mourn and then then
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: hey.
SPEAKER_R: know it, but it's just so freaking sad. You know,
SPEAKER_L: I know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: For
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: real.
SPEAKER_R: like, I'm just like, abstract me completely right now. I'm saying this to you, I'm not feeling anything right now because I just have like a million things I gotta do. So
SPEAKER_L: yeah. No that's that's totally understandable. That's totally understandable.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not even really feeling anything right now. I'm just like I'm like I can't deal with, I can't deal just like a maxed out at the moment.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: that's how it goes. It's not until you finally get everything done off your checklist that finally, okay, now I can start processing what's going on around me.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean I only have that much more stuff to do here. I mean I just kind of I mean the place is a disaster but like I don't know. I just I kind of made a disaster because I was like chewing without chewing. I was like digging through like all the crap in my closet just now and I guess I'm gonna dig it back in and then like take a few, take two trips, take two trips to the car and then get out of here. Just my parents also just relax I guess. But anyway.
SPEAKER_L: And the thing about it is that it always looks, it always looks worse before it starts looking better. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. We'll see how this is. I mean it's just just you don't know what the bird just like where what is the end like. Just don't know it's just frustrating because you know if it was like a disease you can at least treat the disease. But this is like this is like a bird like just
SPEAKER_L: Hormonal
SPEAKER_R: be more
SPEAKER_L: problem
SPEAKER_R: more more
SPEAKER_L: or something,
SPEAKER_R: wow. Anyways while we've been having a good conversation and everything. I got like a million things I gotta do as I've said and I think we have enough property to qualify for the full thing once we do this next part. So good
SPEAKER_L: I wish
SPEAKER_R: time.
SPEAKER_L: you the best of luck with everything
SPEAKER_R: Well good luck with the stuff. Take a look at what I said and uh should be good
SPEAKER_L: definitely
SPEAKER_R: anyways
SPEAKER_L: will. Thank you so much.
SPEAKER_R: have a good saturday.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks you, too. Yeah.