you hear me?
Yeah, everything looks good. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, I signed up for 11 a.m. Thinking that they wouldn't pick actually pick 11 a.m. And little cleaning, but whatever, I'll do that.
Okay. Yeah, makes sense. Uh
I'm in boston massachusetts and I'm just trying to like got a bunch of stuff out of my apartment uh right now and uh I'll admit, so like I got like a million action figures here and
I'm just trying to find and I'm just trying to find this one action figure in my closet that's full of boxes And I'm like, Oh crap, I gotta do this thing at 11. I'm like all right, let's just do this thing at 11. So I'm a little hyped up, but
I'm here
uh Ice the core is X men. But then it branched out to all marvel and then branched out to Dragonball Z. And then branched out to uh anything else? I look cool.
So I had this was looking for this like um expensive action figure that I got that I put in my closet because I didn't have enough room anywhere else. And I'm like, oh crap, somebody break into my apartment steel or something, where is it? And I just found part of it five minutes ago and I kind of want to get out of my apartment because it sucks. I'm actually a dog sit at my parents house this weekend and I really hate my apartment and trying to move to my girlfriend's house. I've been like living there for a month and we've been going out for a very long time. Mm on, that's kind of my deal at the moment, ideally I'd be in a much, much calmer setting, but uh and we try to push all that crap out of my mind.
Yeah, well, you know, I just hate being here um knowing that have to be somewhere else or want to be somewhere else. So all that wrap up here and everything. Yeah. And yeah, I just hate this point. I hate it. I lived here for six years. Um six years. Yeah. six years. Uh it was great for a little bit, started to suck. Um Now it just completely sucks for the most part. But um like I'm tired of it here. It's not so bad right now because I haven't lived here for three weeks at a time like without leaving. Like I have previously in this in the year right? Like I'm just, I just got here like an hour ago burning ones. Ah enough about what I really am interested in talking about with like people, this is like other strategies for like making money online other than prolific or talking about prolific in general I guess.
I used user testing to uh lot the past month. Um they changed their website, so at least you have to filter through a ton of garbage all the time.
Yeah, that's good. Um The live interviews are like the best, obviously.
Um I don't have any of those schedules. What stinks? I did. I probably did like 10 website reviews this week though. Um Yeah, it stinks sometimes where you're like, oh my God, I got like 2020 of them up, and then you're like, oh, I don't qualify for any of them, and then you get one and you're like,
oh, wait, do I qualify for this? Uh maybe? And you do
what
you like, Oh, I don't really want to answer this because I could get a bad review. He's got to toss it back. Yeah.
Yeah, I've done that. Um I like I signed up for like a 60 minutes, 60 minutes interview about something that like I didn't know anything about because I'm like, yeah, sounds almost reported credit card. I've always tried to do a chargeback ones and it was really awkward. I got like, I was like, I was making stuff up off the flight. I felt really stupid. I felt like I was going to get a bad review, but I got a, it got approved but it was way
too,
it was way too, it was, I was way too nervous about it. So honesty is the best way to go forward. You know, even now traditionally I've always been a liar when it comes to surveys and stuff. Yeah. Um What about other than user testing? What do you use the
I'm also like big and character uh, like In September I almost a 100,000 blocks I think, which is like my record, but that's because you use like to use the head for workers and the scrapers and like the auto find auto auto pickups and stuff. Okay. One. How is, how is your Amtrak week this week?
are you kind of knew damn turk.
I've used it off and on since 2012. Um around. It's good. I've made at least like $100 a week since I started doing it again. May I kind of want to wind down off these things? They're driving me walks a little bit and burning out and
Yeah. Oh yeah. I signed up for user interviews, but it never actually does study with them because I don't want, I refuse to link my, my linked in to them. I guess that might be why
I got
something.
Yeah. I've never done one of those. I signed up for responded, but I think that they require a work email maybe.
okay. I was like, yeah, no, I'm not getting my work email, it's ridiculous. Um I don't know, I'm kind of like burned out off these things anyway, just like too much of it, you know, you stop working and you're like doing like two or three hours of extra this stuff, because I'm just like I kept like fanatic about it because I'm like, oh man, it's like a game. It's like, oh man, I got to make as much money as they possibly can off these things so I can buy more specific than that.
Uh Yeah, I'm just trying to think. Yeah, take a look at the head forker. Uh being the panda crazy thing for enter. That's like step one I think for making it easier. So you aren't they like it just filter, it makes it so much easier to just grab stuff and then I don't know. Look into a script that auto accepts good hits. So you have to babysit that a porker.
Yeah that way like it just kind of like it just kind of accept them on its own. Um It's kind of, some people think that auto accepting stuff like that is kind of risky but I don't know I've been doing it for a month and a half and having any issues
another one. People talk up a lot is dieskau but I think it sucks. Oh
I don't know. You have to like you have to submit a video just to apply to a study and I'm like uh I'm not gonna even get paid, why why am I gonna bother doing this?
You know?
Um Let's see what else, what else do I use? Uh Focus forward is like a panel group. Um And I keep getting into like these like panels essentially like these like $100 things where they like talk to you about stuff. I don't know why I keep getting into them. I'm like okay maybe they're going to catch on to the fact that I have like don like three of these studies in the past month. But okay look up Focus forward 2020 research. Uh Watch lab. And as far as commercial surveys go like it like the bottom of the barrel is like commercial service where you're like doing like surveys not like a university but like evaluate products and stuff Because sometimes they pay like 50 cents for like 20 minutes or something insane.
But
clear voice surveys actually does have occasionally product tests and invites to focus groups. Like I did one where I got like this terrible food and we ate it live. I still got 100 bucks for it. So
yeah. How about anything else? And you are in that you've taken a look at?
Don't
let
anyone. Yeah.
I'm not familiar with it.
$4 for 20 minutes per survey. It's not terrible.
And then
you just
like entering like garbage um and just brush through it. But sometimes you can get away with not in this study of course, by the way for those watching,
Have you done any of these before? Have you done any of these before when you talk to someone?
Yeah. This is like a particular study on prolific that They did over the summer and I talked to four people, you know, I guess just the same thing as one of the persons, one of people I talked to was incredibly knowledgeable about body making stuff and I'm like, oh man. So I bet some of these people really know their stuff, but I'm like, I can't, I can barely keep up with like user testing and I'm tired. I mean I wear I I haven't, I do work full time too, so
so
that's why I'm like uh anyways, so that's like I've like going on and on. So how about you? What's your background?
Yeah. I think that like without the distraction of like a full time job, like I have, I think with like enough motivation. uh I mean I can imagine getting like at least 30, wow, just 30 bucks, 30 or $40 and user testing a day. Um
um Like I only probably do like maybe like one or two a day except on Sundays where they don't have any um
mturk if you look into those options and look into some of the entire communities. Um I would take a look at that because I do think like it's possible to make like routinely make like 200 bucks a week on enter. Like I do it, I make like 100 like I was hitting 200 bucks with a job essentially uh on mturk routinely. So I think it's probably like that that there is that prolific is not a big moneymaker, it's my experience. Um I talked to maybe $15 a week.
Um If you do the folk, if you go crazy on focus panels and you start getting them routinely, you know, it's another 100 bucks or so. Um Yeah, I think like, and then there's just like a professional work options I've never touched because they're too intense. Um A lion's bridge and other things where you actually are like doing a job, right?
How
interesting
what
you have to do,
what did you have to do?
That's pretty good. Uh So are you a college age?
Uh Yeah, so I guess like going hard on these things is uh as possible and like a way to like do it, I guess no one should be mindful of taxes. So I do see a lot of people running into that and uh especially where You may not get a 1099 some of these entities.
I kind of see it,
I'm like yeah it's funny now, but just coming out of the refund later and uh let's see now, my girlfriend just messaged me in another tab saying that the bird, the bird is sick, so a little, oh jeez
she has a budgie and
it's a female bourbon, keeps keep laying eggs just driving trying to be hard nuts and driving me nuts. Uh So just said God it's ridiculous. The bird bird does not have anybody around but she keeps like laying eggs sliced. It won't you only like one egg but you think she's muscle lay another egg? Um Yeah it's just uh because the bird offers a lot of um support to her during the week, you know just in general. So it's just uh
I do all my crazy stuff, I gotta do that today. Um
But yeah
kudos.
I don't want to expose how dirty everything is And it's only five minutes.
Uh This is like my introduction. The budget is to be honest um She got to one of them died because of another egg issue. Uh And then I was like all right, they just sit there and like eat and like chirp that's it, right? But then this one of digging through the box taking through the, you know, the box underneath and just so what's your budget experience?
that's good.
Yeah, that's kind of I was kind of what she keeps joking about about what words she's going to keep repeating, but she never has uh stinks because I hope, I don't know, she's going to have to take I so I'm just going to take the bird to the to the animal hospital again.
Um And she gets really stressed that when she has to do that because of the virus in the masks and everything.
Yeah, that's ridiculous. I mean two weeks ago this bird laid an egg and now she's trying to lay another one and she's already like messed up her insides again.
Well that's good, the nesting behavior is crazy, is so bizarre.
I mean she was digging through the cardboard underneath the cage, hiding under there, sneaking into our shirts. Uh
and which would be nice. It would be a nice thing if she routinely did those things without, you know, having to like lay an egg with it. No,
but she was never really a hand raised budgie so she's her hand and tamed, so he kind of gradually been contained over the past uh eight months. But yeah no she's just she's and I don't know, I don't get it. It is such a ridiculous pain in the ass thing that she keeps doing. I mean it's not her fault but just it's just oh
always like for these I just give them a buffer of like Dad like just do it for like another two or 3 minutes
just the budget. Yeah.
And
of course I was saying, I was like, man, the second I leave, there's something I know it was the second I leave, something's going to happen. Um And sure enough it does. Yeah, because I was
like, I was like, I was like, all right, what's going to happen here? She's she's not going to lay the egg tonight because that's what I was saying yesterday. It's gonna happen. It's just gonna lay the egg tomorrow night. Because whatever, whatever happens, it's going to be I'm going to be receiving a message so it's going to be an abstraction to me that I'm not going to see uh that I'm not going to see. Yeah, I'm just gonna have to when you're not there, you kind of like have to visualize and you're like distant from it a little bit, you know, like it becomes like an online thing that's not completely real, but it is and it's like uh I'd rather be there, but I gotta do, I have to I have to take care of my parents dog this weekend, so whatever she's got to deal with it, she'll probably have to go to the animal hospital, I'm not going to be there and
yeah, that's all right. I mean I hate to say it, but you know, sometimes not having to deal with being in the front lines of that's not such a bad thing either. No,
yep. Yeah, it should think of the bird type. Um
Because well not just it stinks because both of them would have, you know, she got them both in february one, die within a month. I would just do it snake for the other one. Just the same stupid thing. Um
She's going to get Mail one from now on.
Yeah, that's good. She was saying that she was saying that she wanted to get older female ones because no one else adopts them and she was sticking with that. But this is just like, this is just this
is ridiculous. Is ridiculous. I mean, but it's also ridiculous because I mean, there's no one here, or no one there except us. You know, there is nothing that should make this bird keep laying eggs every two weeks, because I'm like, all right, even if we get through this one is you're gonna lay a third egg. Um And I've
met
with a soft,
that's what we have, is we keep saying it like you're not chickens, you got to cut it out. Uh We'll cook the sector's Vietnam. Do you want to stop it? It can. Um I thought the egg was incredibly disgusting to look at them. Like, get away from me, so I'm still
Not at all.
would be nice when it would be nice. Thing is, you know, I would prefer I would ideally, I know it would suck if this bird died. But ideally it would be nice if, like, you know, we could just like, get into one. Like, I don't know. Like, I don't know. I I know you shouldn't like, go and get one the next day, but like, I don't know. I'm just having a I'd rather just have another one that's not posing these problems. Um
I
know it, but it's just so freaking sad. You know,
I'm
just
like, I'm just like, abstract me completely right now. I'm saying this to you, I'm not feeling anything right now because I just have like a million things I gotta do. So
I'm not even really feeling anything right now. I'm just like I'm like I can't deal with, I can't deal just like a maxed out at the moment.
Like
I don't
like,
you
know.
Yeah. I mean I only have that much more stuff to do here. I mean I just kind of I mean the place is a disaster but like I don't know. I just I kind of made a disaster because I was like chewing without chewing. I was like digging through like all the crap in my closet just now and I guess I'm gonna dig it back in and then like take a few, take two trips, take two trips to the car and then get out of here. Just my parents also just relax I guess. But anyway.
I don't know. We'll see how this is. I mean it's just just you don't know what the bird just like where what is the end like. Just don't know it's just frustrating because you know if it was like a disease you can at least treat the disease. But this is like this is like a bird like just
be more
more more
wow. Anyways while we've been having a good conversation and everything. I got like a million things I gotta do as I've said and I think we have enough property to qualify for the full thing once we do this next part. So good
time.
Well good luck with the stuff. Take a look at what I said and uh should be good
anyways
have a good saturday.