Yeah I mean Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm Mhm. Yeah. Okay. One. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. What? Oh what?
Yeah sure. Can, can you hear me
I know right. For me it's actually eight. AM.
Fun fun. Where are you from?
That's
So
sounds good. Sounds good. What kind of action figures do you have? That sounds awesome.
that's
Yeah sometimes it's just kind of the the cards that life hands you at the moment. Right.
Oh yeah. Yeah no definitely definitely. Um So I've been having a lot of fun just kind of figuring this out myself. There's a few different sites I use. Um I think the number one moneymaker for me is user testing. I don't know if you've heard of that or not.
Oh I know. All right.
definitely.
thanks.
I
know.
have been some where they're like do you shop at these following places and then it says shopping includes browsing so I'm like ok I'll just quickly grab my phone and browse.
that's
good.
So other than user testing, another one is um now this one doesn't pay as much. It has its good weeks and then it has its bad weeks it just really depends on the market but amazon mturk or mechanical turk. Okay.
Uh Oh well you're talking about the auto pickup. I'm sorry I'm I apologize I haven't used those yet, I've been looking at them but I haven't used them yet.
Um I'm about a month in so. Yeah.
Let me see a few other sites I use. Um I also use um they don't they don't um it's a little bit harder to find a job but they do pay well. There's respondent and there's a user interviews.
Oh I actually I don't I personally don't have my linkedin. Um Put with it's
like
I said it's kind of hard to get a job. Um They do pay good so
um they do but you refused to give it as well so again it just makes it harder to find a job but you can't like for example you can't get a professional job but you can filter those out so.
Yeah definitely definitely. Um So far so far I'm still I'm still enjoying it though, I enjoy the being able to just stay at home aspect of it so I can I can just you know go do a job and then get up and plays around that if I want to and then get back to work, you know?
Okay sounds good.
Let's get to know.
Oh really? I haven't even I haven't heard that one
now.
That's true. That's true.
Oh I know right.
People.
nice. It sounds like fun.
Um Anything else? Again it's kind of a bottom of the barrel, but it is a good place to turn to when there's um nothing else available at the moment. It's uh I think it's called Q. Me surveys surveys. Um
It's
like
E so
so um kind of like you said it's like you know maybe 20 minutes and it's you know it's again like 40 cents or something like that or or a dollar. Um Which which I mean I guess it's not too bad but it's like The dollar for 20 minutes. That's like How much? Like $4? Yeah like $4 an hour. So
Yeah that's true,
that's
true.
Oh definitely. Right. But.
Um not this particular one where I just talked to a random person about anything for you know, the next 25 minutes. But um but I've I've done like I've done um like like a user testing, I've done live interview so.
Oh yeah, there you go. Having that
on top of the hat,
my background. So I'm you're in boston, I'm in Washington state. So uh right now at the current moments um I'm just kind of with the whole chaos, that was the whole coronavirus thing and um and my sister also had a baby and you know and we're the first few months, the first few months was just me helping out, you know and um and and taking helping around taking care of the baby. But because of that I've been taking a break from school and then I've also just been like I I don't really want to get a job where I'm going out and about um with everything that's going on right now and so and so I've just been um The first few months I was just helping around and that was just fine. But then um you know he's been the baby's been getting older now and he can do some more stuff on his own. Doeses't need to have an eye on him like 24/7 so so it's just like well maybe I should get back to work but I don't know where to start. And so it's just kind of looking at some stuff for like remote options and that's when I found out about this stuff and I'm like oh that's cool, maybe I can make it work so
um yeah that's about how much I get so
all right,
yeah that's that sounds about right.
I have done, I have done some stuff for line for line bridge, I just finished a uh it was, it was like a recording for um I I think for navigation in japan, you know for for english speakers, so like
kind
of like
GPS
entries so uh huh
Oh so they had a like a list of different phrases and like for example it would say um it would say something like um where you know like um when's the next stop to um hashing something, you know and I have to just, I just have to say the name, the japanese name itself, like the way it's pronounced, not like I wouldn't be like passion, I would be like hashing you know um according to the way they pronounce it, but I would just record a whole bunch of phrases like that for about For about like 2.5 hours, you know, or give or take, but it paid $75, so that's nice.
Um I'm kind of, I'm I'm 27. Yeah.
for sure. For sure. I've been kind of, I've been kind of like Looking at my account and I'm like 20% of this, I'm not going to touch. That's
the same. Mhm.
What kind of bird?
how fun.
well it looks like we have about five more minutes and then then you can Russian over,
I
mean
if you want like if you start packing or something, I don't mind like talking to you while you're in the distance, getting stuff ready.
Okay. But yeah I know but veggies are so much fun. I had I had three different judges over the years and they were all a lot of fun. Yeah
Um My budgie experience um first one definitely spent a lot of time with the cage, but that was because she was um um and I didn't I didn't know this at the time, it was my parents that got her before I was even born but she she was wild caught from from Australia so so she spent a lot a little more time in the cage because she she was a bit wild but the other two, I got them both at the um my family got them both at the same time and um one of them, he was so funny because he he did not like having your fingers anywhere near him, but he was fine with your face around him. Like if you put your hand around him he would go and just knew where to bite. Like he would go for the cuticle or like in between the fingers where the skin just hurts the most. Um But if you put your face next to him so he liked it and if he started like if you were able to sneak your hand around and start petting him from the back and he didn't notice it was your finger, he would start like tilting his head like, oh that's so nice, that's so nice. And then he sees your finger then like no this was a lot of dragging your finger so so
you know he would him he would do that the other one, she was a bit shy but she she really liked um she really liked her her partner there so so so she felt pretty comfortable with him. So I know with some budgies they have the like they have the capacity to learn to mimic words.
No.
Yeah well especially with birds they tend to be very fragile so.
No for saying. Yeah I think I think because I've had two female budgies out of the 32 or female I think I've only had one of them lay eggs like once. And that was it. There was another one that started showing nesting behaviors but she never she never laid any eggs. So
it is
go,
I know what you mean.
Oh man. Yeah let me check the time and just make sure because they said if you're even like 24.5 minutes they're not gonna count it so. Yeah.
Okay sounds good mm. Yeah but yeah does she own any other animals are just a buddy?
Have
you,
man.
I'm so sorry.
I don't blame you I don't blame you. It's like you wish you could be there and be supportive but at the same time it's kind of a relief not having to be there in the middle of it all.
Yeah. No kidding
holding on.
Yeah I was gonna say I was gonna say um males tend to be pretty good birds to they tend to be really between the two of them. They tend to be more clingy
so.
No
kidding.
Yeah it's like you're not a chicken.
no I definitely definitely get a male. Um It's actually really interesting. Um You look at the D. N. A. Of birds it's a little bit different. For example if I remember correctly, it's the it's the males that have the X. X. Chromosome and the females that have the Xy chromosomes. So that's and that's that's why again you know the males typically um they look a lot more colorful. They look you know, between
between your typical bird species. Yeah. Yeah. And so they also tend to be more between the two of them. They tend to be the ones that are more out there more social and and then because of that they are also more clinging to. So what?
Give give her a week to mourn and then then
hey.
I know. Yeah.
For
real.
yeah. No that's that's totally understandable. That's totally understandable.
Well
that's
that's
how
it
that's how it goes. It's not until you finally get everything done off your checklist that finally, okay, now I can start processing what's going on around me.
And the thing about it is that it always looks, it always looks worse before it starts looking better. Yeah.
Hormonal
problem
or something,
I wish
you the best of luck with everything
definitely
will. Thank you so much.
Thanks you, too. Yeah.