well. Yes, Can you hear me?
And give me one second. Mhm Okay, perfect. Hello? Yeah,
I am good. My name is matt to introduce myself I guess.
Yeah, that's why my dad's actually, my dad's name is my, so that works. Mike. Where are you? Where are you from,
Kentucky email
way
out. I was actually born in Kentucky. Were in Kentucky, are you
coming to? Okay. Yeah, it's right at the border.
Yeah, I am. So I lived there till I was about 13. Um so kind of younger years, but I lived outside of Lexington, so I was more kind of central, central protecting. Yeah.
Right. Which one is the university Kentucky? Um That's a great question. I think, I think it's Lexington. I'm pretty sure there's also a Louisville because I think in terms of basketball teams, so Wildcats UK. And then
I
think,
I think Louisville has a basketball team and I think they were rivals.
It's been a long time.
that's
great.
Right. People in Kentucky went really big for university Kentucky basketball. It's
sort of funny. Yeah.
College
as
well.
That's funny.
my
just
going for the party. That's
funny.
Seriously?
Seriously? Right. That's really funny. So you said that you said you did you're a firefighter outside of Dayton or out of Dayton?
Uh huh. My my uncle lives in Dayton, so when I grew up um I like, so this is my uncle is my dad's brother and they were very close. My my dad and my uncle and so when we were young probably every 3 to 4 weeks we were driving up from where we were living up to to Dayton. So actually I very vividly remember dating pretty well, so two,
come
on,
that's cool. It's
really beautiful up there, I mean really pretty kind of Kentucky Ohio in general but yeah really nice, we're out here and my wife and I were out here in southern California. So beautiful in a different way, but not quite the same, so
that's
so you've
never made it, you never made it out west out this way?
That's awesome.
Order from
Got it.
Got it.
of course you've been out here once or twice.
Montana. I've never been to Montana.
what
what
about it?
interesting
like big skies and like there's just not a lot of obstruction and all you look at is just big blue
sky.
Great sky erin
But
yeah that's cool. I thought so matter.
That's cool. And then how long you said you've been Kentucky for?
Okay, so good. Good chunk of time, Yeah. Uh
it's
coming
from
very big.
That's really
What?
That we
that's cool.
totally.
gosh.
my goodness,
Did
you
eat the sandwich or do you get it back?
That's really funny. That's really funny.
That's a great story. That's awesome.
Uh huh. What do you, what do you do for fun around there in Covington?
that's
that's cool.
and
that's awesome. So do you and your girlfriend Elizabeth? Do you guys like to get out a lot or you kind of more homebodies?
What
happened?
That's
That's
that's
great.
But
just,
that's
actually
that's great,
That's great.
You know you by
your name
and schedule and
back up,
That's
great.
Seriously,
that's cool. Just, I've never really been up towards coming tonight, I only stopped a couple times Cincinnati when I was younger. Um what's like, what's the food scene like? They're like, what kind of foods do they have? Do they have like all different cultures and types or certain specific types? Okay.
No, actually, I don't, I don't remember.
not that great, yeah.
works
Yeah.
my goodness,
these
are people
who are
there's a, there's a place, so we're in southern California, but we will regularly go up and visit a place in the northern California called Reading. And it's probably similar to like a Covington. It's um it's actually known as like the big city around because northern California, Southern California, very different. Northern California is much more,
I
mean trying. Yeah. Yeah. Much
more. Yeah. I mean as a firefighter you probably have at least heard more about because there's all the time just, you know, wildfire, something constantly there. Um But um but up there and Reading it's a population of about 80,000. Um and uh, but they have a piece of place there that's kind of like a local hotspot and they do the same thing. It's you know what would burning, you know oven that they will put pizzas in. You know, you make your pizza order kind of personalized so much like a blaze pizza or biology if you've heard of those chains kind
of so much of those. Yeah. So similar process, but we just have like a mom and pop shop local. But they do dessert pizzas and they did, they did a nutella and strawberry dessert pizza and oh my goodness, it was so good. So whenever we go, I'd always, I'd always get like a smaller pizza and then the dessert pizza
to bring
home.
yeah,
it's so good. It's
funny cause
I never
even heard
of dessert pizzas before going to that place. It was really good.
Seriously?
Oh hi dr uh
you don't, you don't go to new york to go eat that. Rock hard rock. Yeah. Yeah. We, we have a
Right. Yeah. We have, we actually have, we have pretty good food down here too. I mean I'm an Orange County so there's it's kind of like like the world is your oyster a little bit in the sense that I mean southern California has like anything you can imagine like you know, we we have like, you know within an hour's drive we have mountains with in a different direction. Hours drive. We have desert within a different hours drive we have beach. Um So it's kind of just like all over the place. So you know, we can we can drive for an hour and be up in the mountains. Um It's southern California mountains. So it's not like lush green tree type mountains a little different. But you can be up in you know, mountain and big bear and there's snowboarding stuff but you can go up that direction. You can apple picking and they have a little like, you know, mom and pop places where you can get like really good apple pie stuff like that. But um but even even around local here in Orange County, I mean my wife and like we just were constant like man, there's so like there's such good food here, like you can drive for 10 minutes and find like the best sushi place you've ever had, The best mexican place you've ever had, Like just really good stuff here. Um So
we Mhm.
No,
no.
so
half hour price this. Yeah. You know what
we actually it was, I mean speaking of you, you had said um like why don't these places do better? And it's so bizarre. There's uh there's a like a japanese. Um They kind of did they both did sushi as well as you know, different dishes. But they were like maybe four blocks from us. They're really close. So you know, 5 to 7 minute drive. And um we would go there all of the time and they like on yelp, they were like probably the top rated in our area for like, you know, sushi, like when you look at sushi places like, you know, the first 1 to 1 or two slots, you know, highly highly rated, lots of reviews. And then we went there for years, had them on speed dial, you know, and we called and we had a specific order um and then out of the blue one day we called the number and it just like, it just rang and rang and rang every went through. Like that's weird. So like, you know, we tried a couple times, we eventually drove by and like all the lights were off and they just shut down like, out of the blue like now. And we were just like devastated were like, we probably went there like maybe three or four times a month, like very regularly. You know, we were going to get excuse me from this place. My wife loves sushi and I like, I sometimes iffy like someplace I go and I'm like, it's not that great, but this place was really good. Just, you know, their toppings and the way they kind of did their dishes so either blue and we never knew why. Like, we had several friends that they loved it too. And so I texted some friends, I was like, hey, have you heard anything about this? Like, it's just closed.
Yeah, there's like, it's just a mystery. Like, I haven't found anything online. Like, you know that the Yelp page just that, you know, someone marked as closed. Like I have no idea. But it was such a, such a bummer.
yeah, we
my wife and I are go for it.
it's like,
started a chance,
yeah,
my
wife and I, we are like, we don't mind change their like some chains. I like, I actually the big olive garden fan, like I'll take a, you know, a hole in the wall, italian place. There's there's actually a good amount of like good mom and pop italian place around here. But also just like sometimes love some of the convenience of like a chain place. So like olive garden. I love their breadsticks. Like die for those breadsticks and you're so good. But we're huge fans. Like we probably go like maybe twice a week to Chipotle. Very, very regular. But that
Chipotle's
the Good
morning.
I
have
it down to
t.
have a, I'm like, I'm like that guy, I'm the one who like tells my friends how to order better so that they get more food. So we, you know, my wife and I like we have a little like we have like a, right,
oh, sorry. I was just gonna say we have like, we have each other's orders memorized. So we'll just like, you know, run by a pickup spotlight. But you know, for the last maybe two years or so, the staff just kinda knows me. Kind of like kind of like you and the restaurant you're talking about so oftentimes they'll ask me, they'll be like, hey matt. What like, I mean, they don't know my name, but they'll be like, oh, you know, no, no case Torito today or no, you know, whatever. Um It's really funny because I'm not surprised because I'm like, oh we haven't even talked that much, but you know me. So it's pretty funny. Yeah, but
Yeah, it probably helps. So at, at Chipotle they don't really have like a secret menu or anything, but they do have one item that's not on the menu that they've had for years that you can order. And it's called a Case Dorito. So it's unique. Not a lot of people know it or order it, but it's basically
you take, yeah, so you take a, they'll do like a cheesecake, so take their normal tortilla, put a bunch of cheese in it, like they're making a case of the take that, put it in the little like thing to actually make the case of the pull it out when it's done and then open it back up so it's all cheesy and melted or whatever. And then they'll build your burrito inside of that and wrap it up like a burrito but it's like grilled and cheesy no matter which is called
casa rito.
It's very good. It's very good if you have a chance to try it. So I think it helps the fact that like there's this item that not many people know about but but I've been ordering for years and so I'm like the case Dorito guys. So they probably just remember me because I ordered a very specific
quarter.
exactly. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Well mike I think I think we hit our time here. I'm looking at 26 a half minutes um like jump off and get back to work. But it was really nice chatting but
I've got a
dark
room.
I especially like really hungry after this conversation. Uh awesome.
Well
they
maybe they're hungry all right. Take care
of Mike