Yeah. Hey, are you there?
yep. Same with you. Can you hear me
we're good. How are you?
Tom mike. Make it easy to remember for both of us.
Originally, I was born in new york city and went to college in Ohio and during the fire department and stay there for 29 years until I had an injury. And the now I'm in Kentucky just
outside
Cincinnati
Covington.
Yeah. Red Cross. We live downtown, so it's like five minute walk to restaurant ugly if you remember that.
Lexington is UK right or is that Louisville? I can never remember which one's which.
Walk
out
the UK. Right?
Yeah, I can never
yeah, I can never remember either. I live here in Athens. All you
hear
about is, you know UK blue and I believe UK Blue and
no,
it's funny growing up in new york city, it's always been pro sports teams. So I had no idea like why football didn't
play
on
saturday, Fridays and Saturdays and it, well friday night is football night out here and saturday's college football.
And yeah, my, I was up by Dayton, Ohio where as a firefighter and my driver, um, when he had off Sundays, when we head off Sundays, he and his wife used to go up to um, Ohio State and I figured he was going to the game for saturday. It would have been saturday figure who's going to the game. And then one time I saw in the afternoon downtown Yellow Springs, I was like, I thought you went to the game Jack. Well he and his wife drive an hour to Os you, they go tailgating and then they leave when the game starts, they don't even watch the
game and even go to the
game. It's like,
man,
I want to drive an hour and then not go to
the game.
Yeah. Miami Township.
I have to actually 11 guy just retired and my
friend
Andrew still works for state and fire department.
So
well san Diego has the big model railroad museum and they had the leg museum and that's always been on my bucket list just to go see those
two. So sooner or later my girlfriend and I are going to go out there. She loves beaches and I want to go see the lego museum so I figure it's going to be right guys. But you know, we can both
have,
um, I went to Los Angeles for Super Bowl in 1986 was, it was january 87. So it was 86 season. I promised myself ever since I was a kid I would go see the Giants playing the Super Bowl ever made it. And when I was growing up, the Giant sucked. So I just thought like, it never happened, and then they made it was like, oh, I got to do it. So I flew out
and I
did a cop job in Seattle. I was an er, tech paramedic
at the general hospital up there for
six months. Oh my God, sure.
Yeah. And then I was in, I don't know if this counts, but I was in Montana. Um I worked one year, um, as a wild land firefighter in Missoula.
Now, I know what they mean, when they call the Big Sky, like, I never really understood that. And then I went
there was like, oh yeah, because it's
so flat
and then it just, I mean Big Sky is, there's no other way to describe it. I once
I saw it was like, oh yeah, now I see it.
It's
not very much obstruction, a lot of its farm and just flat. So you know, you don't see any hills or mountains in the distance. So the sky is like, I don't know, 90%
of your perspective and then 10% land or 8% land, whatever it is. So when they say Big Sky, it's
you know, if you can visualize a painting where you have like one little line at the bottom where the land stops and then the rest of the sky. And I mean, like you said once I saw it, that's I got it. Same.
I'm glad I did it. I wouldn't want to do it again. Uh
About eight years.
When I was going through rehab after the crash that knocked me off the fire department um I was doing I had a traumatic brain and still have one, I guess you call it a traumatic brain injury and you see they do a lot of um studies on concussion protocol and traumatic brain injuries. So I was coming down here a lot of time and it's like, well I just moved down there because, and I I was tired of living after the firepower was tired of living in a small town. I want to go back to the city uh where I grew up in new york city. So my girlfriend moved here to Covington. Um
and we can
walk
everywhere
coming in. Like 50 60,000 people were right across the river from Cincinnati and we could walk there like in 10 minutes. Um, so we have a lot of advantages in the nightclub neighborhood um is like five minutes away. Um and um, Covington, this bunch of bars and right right downtown. So you know, we can walk to a bar, we can walk to restaurants, pick up food. So just,
it's a safe area. So Elizabeth feels comfortable walking,
walking
at night or you know, parking her car when she comes back from the hospital. So
yeah, it's, yeah, the funny thing. Um, we first moved here and we didn't have our internet hooked up. We moved in on the weekend and like on a saturday and sunday went to the library to get a library card and to use the internet until I always got hooked up. And
um, this mother and daughter came up to me and said, and they said, do you want a sandwich? I said, sure. And it's like, you know, this is a nice welcome to, you know, just moved to town. This is like the welcome wagon thing. I thought I was homeless and they were handing
out there handing out sandwiches, all the homeless people. So they have from that night I was like,
I gotta,
I
gotta.
Right. Yeah, that was my welcome to Covington. Mhm.
One of my friends that, I don't know if I should repeat that story of how are you? That's it. I think it's funny that.
You know, here I thought they were like being super friendly, how they know I was a new resident and just moved here.
Um We have the, it's called main stress. It's one of the first um areas that got redeveloped back in. I don't know, I guess the late seventies, early eighties. So it's an old german village and there's lots of bars, restaurants, all independent stores. They all have outdoor seating even before covid 19 hit um, stroll and you're allowed to take your beer or drink from bar to bar. Um There's a dixie, not dixieland new Orleans jazz club called the police. Um that has outdoor and then they have a band that plays behind the bar, the stages like waist high and then the band plays up there and
it's always small trio or quartet playing and it's just real, my girlfriend says it's nice for old. Like we go there on New Year's Eve, that's not allowed crowd. It's just a nice soft jazz band playing old fifties jazz you know Saxon
he had on the bass and drums. It's one
of our favorite places here.
we have to get out a lot. Yeah home body is somewhat but we also take long walks, you know we eat out I'd say half of our meals you know and we always try and make it a favorite place and then a new place, a favorite place
and
then
switch it
up and you know the chinese restaurant here we have in the month speed down. They know right away who it is and they know what the order is, you know minus spicy Elizabeth zero hot, you know. Um
And
I always take my laptop in um there's one bar restaurant we go to a lot molly Malone's and then when Elizabeth works late I used to go there and get dinner and a couple of beers and they reopened after Covid 19 and I called them up, they said they want a reservation if they had no idea how many people they were going to, you know whether it's going to three people or 300 people going to show up. So they wanted to get an idea. They said you know you got
to make a reservation so it's like called the bar once I want to make a reservation. And I said okay. And I said you know what time when I said you know one person at five o'clock and the woman said is this mike? I was like yeah how do you know she's
like come on one guy five o'clock thursday it's you.
No
one else will make a reservation.
So
it's like I don't know I think I'm coming here too often if you guys like. No my another
time
they
love I. P. A beer. And this is one actually I think it's made in Lexington called West X. It's a small pub on West sixth street I guess. And Black Mountain. And they make the west west six I. P. A. And that's my favorite one and they stock and stock and then they were out and then the server comes over. It's like, I hate to tell you, but we're out of west six. Do you want the truth was like, yeah, I'll take a truth when she came back with the drink and I started laughing like, you know, I'm a regular and you're a server here when not only do you know my drink if you're out of it, you already know what I want as my second drink
back up. Like that's
pretty
amazing when you know what I want when
you're out of my favorite.
It's a lot better than it used to be. Um, There's a lot more Covington has a large amount of immigrants now. So we're getting a lot more mexican, authentic mexican restaurants. Uh, great for us. Um, Our favorite places called kung food and they show cheesy movies. Um, there's a lot of burger joints. There's a lot of pizza places, a lot of the unfortunately a lot of the pizza places um are chains, you know, I don't know if you heard of or remember Larose is it's like a like
anyway, it's it's like one step up from Domino's pizza, you know, so people rave about that and it's like it's
no I mean it's like you know if you had a frozen pizza in your freezer and like you're really hungry at 10 o'clock at night so it's better than nothing.
But yeah, but it's not our favorite place is one of the wood burning stove places. Yeah.
And they have dessert pizzas with,
they
have like
an apple
pie pizza, they have caramel and white chocolate pizza, which is delicious. So we always struck when we go there about, we already know we're going to get the dessert pizza. So how hungry are we like, do you want to get a medium or large meal? We already know we're gonna have dessert coverage. Uh huh.
It's a lot
more
Yeah.
Please.
because they actually
room
for dessert. Yeah. Yeah.
Dessert.
It's funny
to
I'm
big
I never heard dessert pizzas either until we went to the strongest pizza. Um You see some of these places you just don't know why they're not doing better. It's like
you guys have a great stuff and like I'm go on yelp and post on facebook, but you guys have the best whatever around and the other places like I know I think a lot of people just prejudice towards chains and they just always want to go to the chain. Um I want to go like red lobster or the you know, that's that's their idea of a seafood restaurant or Yeah. You know one, one woman in my writer's group out here, she found out I was from new york city and said that she and her husband went there and they went to if you can buy their merchandise um Hard rock cafe,
right? And and she said yeah me and my husband, editor jimmy or whatever his name was. We went there and you know we we ate dinner. It was it's like that's not new york city like kind of lulu. It's like, I don't know what the whole hawaii scene is but I'm sure going to the hard rock does not like being in the Honolulu. Mhm.
Except for the merchandise. Hard rock new york. You could be at hard rock, Chicago or hard rock Honolulu or hard rock. It's the same. You know, overpriced cheesy hamburgers and
I am.
There's a place in downtown and when he said sushi reminded me, I don't even know what the name is, but the big sign says half price sushi. It's
like
that's like stay away like is that
like your old sushi or what?
I mean come on. Uh
What happened to him or? Yeah,
it is a bummer. I mean those hole in the wall places, whether it's mexican or chinese or sushi or whatever. Just to me that's the gold mine, I just want to keep going there and yeah.
Uh
Oh I was gonna say um the lunch special at the chinese kung food restaurant tens at three and I always go in there like right before three so I can still get the lunch special but it's not busy like it is at noon and
now it's gotten busier and they always laugh and they say like, you start a trend now, everyone's got
schedule. I'm here. Like it's 2 30 so you can get the lunch special. You don't have to deal with the mad rush, you know, at 11 30 or noon when everyone and their brother from downtown is coming into the place, kurt yeah,
I
look,
you've
seen all the
that
stuff online about like how to maximize your order at Chipotle's like, you have to order on a plate, not the same. And
it's
like
you guys
can wait last time. It's police if you guys know like what the order And
was that
It was just like bars. I'm sure they don't call you by matt, but they call you like, oh, he's the dada dada dot order. Yeah. The other person. Oh yeah, I know who you're talking about.
What is it?
That sounds
good.
something
unusual. It's not that big Mac and fries guy.
to chat
with you
now.
I'm hungry now. I gotta go for lunch.
That bad
lunch
yet, So
Thank
you.