SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, mm hmm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: try to keep you waiting. I hit that, hit the, hit the enter button and I ended up in a different spot all together. So I apologize. I kept you waiting for a few minutes,
SPEAKER_L: No worse.
SPEAKER_R: house in panic. Like not again because the first time I did this I did it wrong and so that's why my brain remembers the wrong way. So sorry I married a sigler
SPEAKER_L: Tyler Mcdonald's nice to meet you. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: to meet you too. So what was it like where you live?
SPEAKER_L: I am in south Carolina. Uh It is all right. It is uh not fall here, still summertime. Um So I we had like a spell a couple weeks ago where
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Got into the 60s, which was fantastic. But now
SPEAKER_R: Everybody
SPEAKER_L: it's back in
SPEAKER_R: get
SPEAKER_L: the 80s.
SPEAKER_R: their her coats on and everything?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Was running in my lungs, my long pants and my falcon needed like a, Like the whole
SPEAKER_R: busy.
SPEAKER_L: hat, it was like 65°.. I was in winter.
SPEAKER_R: We want to take advantage of the, of the opportunity. So, um, my whole family lives like all my siblings and my mom, a lot of my nieces and nephews of in florida and that's where I grew up, even though we're from originally from providence Rhode island and they have so acclimatized when they come up here, even in the summertime, it gets down to like 75 at night and you're like, do you think it's chilly? And I'm like, no, So it's just funny. So did you guys get any of that hurricane or anything? Oh
SPEAKER_L: not there was one maybe a month ago that I think we just got the tail end of some rain, but
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: we haven't gotten anything bad.
SPEAKER_R: There's been a lot of that this year. Especially the gulf coast.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have a uh some good friends live in beaumont texas. It's like right there by the coast, the gulf coast and yeah, they've gotten
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: it by every single Okay.
SPEAKER_R: it's ridiculous. It's like, it's like the weather gods have it off because my son lives in Houston. Always want to say Dallas. He doesn't live in Dallas, There's in Houston and I visited him a couple years ago and we went to um it is the Galveston island, right? Galveston off the coast, Were they wiped out like 100 years ago?
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow. I know, Galveston's city, that's that's all I know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so we got to get to go there and so now since we saw that every time there's a gulf coast, hurricane I think. Oh my son lives just right there because Houston you can see the ocean, right? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh,
SPEAKER_R: I had no idea, my
SPEAKER_L: so whereabouts
SPEAKER_R: dear,
SPEAKER_L: are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I live in northern new york, so right along the Canadian border, the ST Lawrence River, Like I'm sitting here in my, down here in the state launcher was right across the street. So if we were to take a boat across the ST. River from here, like this about 15, maybe on a rough day, 15 minutes to get to Canada. So when I stand from New York, I was like, Oh, you must love the city and like, well actually it's only like 1400 people who live in, we live in a little village called Clayton. Yeah. And the 1000 Islands region. I don't know if you heard it, that probably not. It's a big fishing area. It's very touristy and all that. So, but it's, it's a nice place to grow up. It's not really a great place to like be a young adult because really not a lot of job opportunities here. So my kids grew up happy and healthy and then they're like c yeah. Well yes I did. Yeah. So so do you do, what do you do for a living?
SPEAKER_L: I'm an attorney. Um Your
SPEAKER_R: no kidding, wow.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I work for the government. I work uh
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I basically uh all these companies, they really shady things like uh
SPEAKER_R: Sorry?
SPEAKER_L: Are you fine people that charge like 8,000% interest on loans or um like those kind of people, we go after them and Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: hate people like that guy with the, remember the guy with the medicine? What was it the wasn't insulin? Remember that one guy? Uh
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it was it was so it was some drug everybody needed and he.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. He bought the, yeah, he bought it and then charged about 700%.
SPEAKER_R: Jackass, wicked man. So you go after those guys like anything interesting you can tell me or is it all confidential
SPEAKER_L: No, I mean
SPEAKER_R: continent?
SPEAKER_L: uh let's see what's the most interesting thing that happened today toward recently. Um Yeah. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Oh.
SPEAKER_L: we have, oh there's a we have a car dealer who is operates online, like they have a website where they sell used cars and none of the cars actually exist. Mhm. So he was just selling these cars and taking, taking the money online and then just like nothing ever happened. Uh
SPEAKER_R: How long would be in business? You would think after a while people be like, hey wait a minute.
SPEAKER_L: Right, I don't think it's long, I think he was like a lot of these people like move across the country just continuously and pull their scams and leave. So I think he did it maybe two or three times before we heard of it,
SPEAKER_R: sneaky pete. But you can't, I know you can write, you can purchase a car online. Let me Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, I guess, you know, people don't listen to that advice that if it seems too good to be true, it
SPEAKER_L: is,
SPEAKER_R: probably is a friend of mine because I'm I'm a middle school teacher. A friend of mine is a or was a bus driver with our district for like 28 years. And because of the yeah. Oh like the way we're going to school this year, like kids are only going half a day. She was afraid she wasn't going to get a full I think her bus drivers to be full time to have to work 20 hours, 20 hours a week, she's going to lose your medical benefits. So she's like, I'll retire. So she retired and then she had a lot of free time and blah blah blah. So she she was looking on facebook for like employment opportunities which first of all I thought was idiotic, but you know and she found this Class that if you take it it costs a couple $1,000 you'll be making $10,000 a week. And I was like Alice You're gonna because she lives in a smaller town, I mean there's like 900 people in the village she lives and like you really think you're gonna be making a job, some kind of marketing thing Where you're gonna, you're gonna haul in $10,000 a week in dexter New York seriously. And she well so and so you know the guy, the guru, the Ponzi top
SPEAKER_L: apparently,
SPEAKER_R: dog, um he's I guess he's good at blowing smoke and all and she firmly believes it. She has a lot of money owed to it by the district for pay you for the extra days that you're you're like um sick days that you don't use. She was like well thousands of dollars coming. And she hasn't gotten it yet. She keeps calling the district like where's my money? I want to join this thing and I was like please don't and I just know what's going to happen, You can see it right?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you can see it coming,
SPEAKER_R: She's not gonna make any money, she's gonna be broker than she was and she is going to be pissed. And I was like, God, I hope the district just doesn't give her her money like for like
SPEAKER_L: All right,
SPEAKER_R: year or
SPEAKER_L: yeah my sister
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: got very entrenched in a multi level marketing scheme for years uh and I was like from the beginning like this don't do this, it's a terrible idea and she didn't listen and of course she got screwed over and
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean my dad, I can't remember because this is 100 years ago, like forever ago. My dad was explaining to me how how that works. Ponzi scheme works, you know? And then um uh maybe 656 years ago a lady that I work with actually teach your colleague got into selling, I think it was a brand lululemon or something like that. And she explained to me how it worked and I was like, that's a pyramid scheme. And she's like, no, it's not. I'm like, yeah, and here's why, but it was only because my dad had told me years ago what it was like. And so I'm just amazed it how people will just take their money that they work hard for and say, here you go, you have this because you promised me something magical and I believe you. Oh, I don't know what to say, except don't do it like you said. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: what do you do, what do you teach a specific subject or do you teach?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I teach a seventh-grade English.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I what? So I got my degree. I'm I'm 63 now. I got my degree, like finished it up when I was 41 because I mean I was a stay at home mom. I was in college when I met my husband, but anyway stayed home blah blah blah. And then my husband died very young age.
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: So I was
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: like what do we what do I want to do? So I went back to college, got my degree anyway when I got my my english, my secondary english degree, master's daughter to my son, Joshua, my middle son, I can't remember how old he was, it's time maybe 12. He said mom, everybody hates her english teacher and I was like what? I loved my english teacher, what are you talking about? So and then my dad, my dad was a character, oh God, he was hilarious. He said after I got my masters degree because if you have to have a masters in new york to teach, after I got my masters degree, my dad, I called my dad, I was so excited you know because he was in florida and they're old, they were old so they couldn't come up anyway. My dad says you know what you did, you just guaranteed the fact that you're never going to have enough money now for as long as you live
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: that is like I'm surrounded by all these really super supportive people where I feel so blessed, he was kidding but he was also you know if he was concerned like every time there would be a school shooting because I told you it's like everybody here knows everybody and their brother there could be a school shooting in like san Francisco and he would call me and he was just my dad, he said hey how's everything where you work? Just you know because I know he would have was thinking about you know, he was just fooling. But yeah my family is so sarcastic, it works good, it works well, they're working with middle school kids. They are rulers of sarcastic, oh my God,
SPEAKER_L: well I
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: love my english teacher so
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: people do exist, we do
SPEAKER_R: See,
SPEAKER_L: exist
SPEAKER_R: So finally funny enough when my son Joshua was in 8th grade, he failed english, his mother is an english teacher and bailed english and so the school is like, oh and he saw the teacher doesn't like me, you know that bs like you just did new york did and he's like now he says to me, no I just do my work. But they're like, oh we can send them to summer school, you can drive them out to Watertown, which is like 25 miles from here. And I was like, no, it can repeat the eighth grade, I don't give a, he didn't and he never forgot that he's like, you know, maybe your peanuts and I'm like, no, You repeat 8th grade bud. And so, you know, he didn't, he never did it again. You know, you never slacked up. He's actually a really good student, which is why it was so horrifying. You know, it's like, and it's the only problem I had with it was his teacher never like mentioned it to me and this was back. I mean, we had computers obviously, but not like now you can email and update. Like instantly this teacher never like, you know, hey, your kid's failing. And I was like, okay, I was, I was preoccupied in any way, but english teachers, kid fails, english. I tell my students that every year, Kiss what my son did, like what? I swear it's true. Like you're a very good teacher. I'm like, no, I'm pretty good teacher. It wasn't a very good student just to make the distinction, you know? So that was funny.
SPEAKER_L: unfortunately it doesn't uh pass down knowledge doesn't pass down from dinner, shouldn't
SPEAKER_R: It's funny. I teach what I teach kids who are really 50 years younger than I am. And so something will happen in uh, just society or whatever. And then I'll tell them things that what happened when I was a kid um like the other day where the kids get their their lunch delivered to their classroom because they're all so there are all contained, they don't let them interact or whatever. And so the milk comes in little like eight ounce card waxed cardboard. And I was like, yes, a lot of waste. Is that kids like you? So, you know when I was a kid that came in little glass bottles and they're like, oh, again, you just washed them back to the dairy museum again. And uh, they just, they just find it fascinating like how much stuff costs. Yeah like how much was a computer? I'm like well actually build
SPEAKER_L: believe
SPEAKER_R: the whole
SPEAKER_L: it or not
SPEAKER_R: room, it's like my whole house. That's a computer. Yeah. That's funny. Uh huh. So do you have any pets at your house?
SPEAKER_L: I do I have one dog, I actually
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: talked to him right at the beginning of quarantine so he is a train walker coonhound Yeah what about
SPEAKER_R: How
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: beautiful. I don't I wouldn't have anything for how to do you know at my house to be like uh so he said what is he a treating walker kun? Hallett wow.
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: Do you take him out? Let him like do his job or did he just hang up?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah yeah we have like a big dog park, my neighborhood with lots of trees and so I'll let him like run up the tree like to play.
SPEAKER_R: Huh. They're a tall dog, are they like off the ground talk or? No? Yeah I think I might have seen one and long years or no,
SPEAKER_L: yeah yeah long floppy ears,
SPEAKER_R: it's like
SPEAKER_L: short hair,
SPEAKER_R: that's what I like best about him I think.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So cute. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Where do you have any pets?
SPEAKER_R: I do. So I have two Pomeranians.
SPEAKER_L: Very
SPEAKER_R: I don't know if you've been around, Well they're cute and they're you know they're the good thing about prominent very people centred their whole existence is like there's people here and they're happy and they say you have basically just let you pet them. The bad thing about them is and I knew this going in. Although I didn't buy them. They're a gift. But I mean it's going in is that one of the things that said about this breed is that they're highly untradable and I was like uh so they're they're inside dogs obviously uh and it's cold here. So that big coat doesn't and I don't get them clipped or anything, you know. Again group but not like people shave them and they don't do that. I love them. They're dig not really. I'm just too cheap. But yeah, so the only way that the only reason they're not barking, like it's definitely right now is before we connected, it took a couple of little kid plastic cups and I took a knife and I put peanut butter and I swiped it all the way around inside and even pushed autumn so they can't possibly reach it all. But they're going to drop and to totally distracted by the peanut butter. Well, I see my my there's littermates bear and Foxy and he just looked at me like, what are you doing
SPEAKER_L: What's going on? I think I hear the little tippy tips
SPEAKER_R: right here? We're gonna come up, I'll show you, show you pretty, fatalistic, ugly here, there's this is fair to say hello and
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: then get off
SPEAKER_L: Oh, he's so cute,
SPEAKER_R: your daughter. And then his his sister, Foxy, she's about half the size.
SPEAKER_L: wow, he's so fluffy,
SPEAKER_R: he's
SPEAKER_L: gorgeous.
SPEAKER_R: a pretty he's a good boy. And then Foxy, she's uh she's afraid of like the whole world, everything the curtain moves, that she's like, here's a little braver. Maybe too brave little dogs, don't know how little they are, I don't think. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Archie I think is he's also a little a little scary cat. Uh just like if I make a sudden movement, if you can feel like like push my chair back too fast, he likes scrambles up. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh Foxy well, yelp. Even like, like you heard her, I'm like, oh come on you. And if anybody else is in the house there, like what did you do to the dog?
SPEAKER_L: Harry
SPEAKER_R: Like nothing.
SPEAKER_L: this.
SPEAKER_R: She's a she's a wuss, don't here, she she knows him. Here she goes mhm So I told my daughter that I was doing this, I'm like and she said, well what are going to talk about? I was like, oh, you know, religion, politics,
SPEAKER_L: Right. All the good
SPEAKER_R: money
SPEAKER_L: stuff
SPEAKER_R: we make.
SPEAKER_L: I've done. Uh so this is the third one, I think the third or fourth one I've done and it's been like I've had very different conversations
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: each time.
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: Uh One time like the person straight away, it was just like, I don't want to talk about salsa and he's like, what do you think about the election?
SPEAKER_R: look what really?
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: Was it fun or was it
SPEAKER_L: it was
SPEAKER_R: like? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Well it was fun because I think we were aligned. If we didn't like it probably would've been was fun.
SPEAKER_R: My favorite thing I think about the election are the memes. Both rights, both sides. I don't care. You put yourself out there, you can, you can, you can take it right? But yeah, um because we live in new york, which is very what color blue state except northern new york is very red area. What happens here is like for instance, there's a local congresswoman up for reelection or up for election and the one that's in office right now is a Republican and one obviously running against her as a democrat and we'll keep stealing the democratics.
SPEAKER_L: That's been happening here too. In my neighborhood,
SPEAKER_R: you are,
SPEAKER_L: there's been posts everyday about someone came and stole my sign,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean because my friends on facebook will say something, let me, I have one friend who had like 33 signs stolen from her front yard, like right there and I was like, you need to like really pushing into the ground and then get a bunch of empty cans and like hide them. So if they pull up, your sign is going to go, you know like at the back of a car after a wedding is like trail and uh I don't know what she did but she got another one in the state but somebody on our like our main street, it's James street has a has a providing sign and it's hilarious. It says it's a hand to hand waving and it says by Don D. O. N. And it says right in what's your last name? I forget who's just running mates. Last name joe biden
SPEAKER_L: Kamala Harris.
SPEAKER_R: Harris. It was just biden Harris. But by Don. And that thing is that thing is like a chain to the change and I think that's so No, we'll take it because that would probably a good one to take. It would be like I got this one. Well yeah.
SPEAKER_L: The opposite. So south Carolina is obviously very red. But I live right? I live in the capital Columbia in like two minutes from downtown, which has historically been pretty liberal, especially at my neighborhood is very liberal neighborhood. So yeah, I think somebody from like another neighborhood is coming in to see our signs.
SPEAKER_R: Your science is I have a front porch that faces the street that you know has got a roof on it and so does my daughter said you want to put up a political science and like somebody just take them anyway and we went out if we put them on the roof and I was like, I don't want to tempt anybody to get hurt in my front yard, you know, I mean not only didn't kill your sign, but now I'm going to sue you because I broke my leg. So, so what made you want to get into studying the law? That's a, that's a long haul right there. Education wise.
SPEAKER_L: So back to my comment about uh our kids not inheriting the smarts of their parents. My mother is C. P. A. And I started going to college and I was very stereotypical college student where I didn't know what I wanted to do, I was just kind of flailing about. Uh And it got to the end of sophomore year I think and my advisers like Tyler, you've got to pick a major, otherwise you're not going to graduate on time. Um And I still have no idea what I understand. I was like, well
SPEAKER_R: In
SPEAKER_L: moms and CPA, I might as well like what else we're gonna do? She can help me with my homework. Um And so I I went to accounting um got to my end of my junior year and I worked for an accounting firm. And by the second day I was like no I'm not doing
SPEAKER_R: All of that, no.
SPEAKER_L: uh it was too late to change. So I finished up the degree. But I had just started looking for options and um just there was just a sign on the, in the school one day about think about law school. And so I just, I have a very bad habit of making big life decisions, uh like instantaneous, like off the cuff, I don't, and I always follow through with them, but I just, I never think about anything. I just like, I don't know, I just do it. So I saw the sign and like the next day I signed up for the L sat and then here I am,
SPEAKER_R: but you, do you enjoy it though,
SPEAKER_L: I do, I do, I've
SPEAKER_R: nelson?
SPEAKER_L: definitely gone through different, a lot of stages of loving and hating. Uh I worked for a big law firm before I my job now, which is, you know, I was working like 100 hours a week and I was defending really big charitable corporations. So
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: must
SPEAKER_L: am,
SPEAKER_R: be very,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so I've, I do not enjoy being lawyer then, but I've made the switch, I'm much happier now, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean, I can see the need for that, you know, and I can see the need for it. So she in the law, but it's got to take its toll. Especially nice people, you know what I mean? Like if you're really smart sociopaths and you get your degree and I don't mean it unkindly. I just mean, you know, it happens then they're good for you. But like for nice people. Yeah. It's going to tear out. Yeah. I don't, I know, I don't have the stick to itiveness to, to be a lawyer. I'd be like, I'm not doing that and don't talk to me like that, you know? And everybody what you said, you know, I was terrible at that would be awful. I think, I think I knew I wanted to be a teacher when I was elementary level. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: I used to I used to play school at my house in the basement and there were six of us and you know, We're talking you know, early 60's and uh I don't know, I just always felt like that's what I wanted to do when I started college, I took all the intro to education classes and I love this. I love language, I love languages and I love words and my my students to tell you, it's like, oh my God, enough already just shut up upwards. Um because I mean, I love literature, but I really love words and how we develop and all that stuff. And every day I come in and tell them something about somewhere or other. Like today we're reading a poem by Langston Hughes. I know you've read it. It's a dream deferred. What happens deferred. And so the first thing I have him do is look up the definition of differ because in that poem he kind of plays with the meaning doesn't for put off or does he mean differ? Let someone else's judgment take the place of yours like, well, what's the answer? I'm like, well think about it. They're like, yeah, they don't like, well think about it. That's the hard part. So what sort of stew on that and we're going to finish up tomorrow. But it looks like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, my, I somehow, I don't really know how it happened, but all of my camaraderie of my close friends in Colombia RL PhD english students and so they, yeah, they all teach, um, they all have to teach like the first year english class to the freshman as part of their program. And
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: so I hear odds are here all like complaints about students and uh, I do get a lot of good book recommendations now, that's the benefit of having insurance,
SPEAKER_R: Well, let's see. So that's a, that's a huge complaint from like you just said freshman college teachers that the kids want to them, oops, stop. The kids come to them not knowing how to, you know, do in text citations and all this other stuff. And I'm like, it's not that it hasn't been taught, you know what I mean? It's how much I mean? And I and I don't mean this to be a jerk. Honestly, I don't. Um but like some of the stuff I'm teaching my students now, We were doing in 3rd and 4th grade and it's not because we were smarter. It's not, it's just because class. You know, the whole the whole context was different. We were in school longer days, there were fewer extracurriculars and the downside to is nobody gave a shit about your feelings. You know what I mean? So I'm glad that's changed because it doesn't matter how you feel about your education and how you feel in school and all that. But but it's like, well, what has changed over the years? I don't know. Honestly, we couldn't tell you because well, the time I would notice my own kids are in school and I and I was at home, so I don't know what happened.
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, but it's just, it's just sometimes it makes me feel bad and like there's a, there's was a disconnect somewhere and I don't know where it was or what it was. It's not that they're not capable. The kids like teacher, as bright as any other kids, they just live in like nowhere in new york, you know? Yeah, lack of exposure maybe to, you know, like if you're in a metropolitan area, others museums and public transportation, so you have to do a little bit of like independence kids here. It goes by my, the other there. If they're really rural kids like farm kids, your independent, they actually work, you know, with their parents. But if they're like the in town kids cant driven everywhere. You know, they don't have any opportunities to really be like, I can take the bus myself and go to the skating rink or whatever, Don't have opportunities. So I'm just gonna drive 20 miles. So, oh, I don't know, but I just wish I could fix it a little bit, But I think I'm only gonna teach like two more years and then retire because by then I'll be 65 and teaching. Middle school is a job for a young person.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can imagine.
SPEAKER_R: There's nothing, I don't have it in here, I just don't have it here. You know, I was like, oh my gosh, I'm tired, stop talking to me, you know? Yeah, it's funny how you, because I can tell you one funny thing. So the last time I did one of these, it was talking to a young man probably your age and his microphone didn't work. No, so he's trying to talk and so my son happened to be home and I was like, can you come up, this man fixed his microphone. So kind of talked him through, it still didn't go on. So we did our 25 minute conversation with me talking, although all the time
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: you can tell it's okay because I can talk forever, but it was hilarious, and I was like, I said, I wanted to give him I give I wanted him to want to give my email so that he could tell me if you got paid or not, because I did. And then I'm like, so I told him a little bit of what happened, I was like, you better pay him because it wasn't, and I mean, we communicated, but he was like, I don't think stuff, and I was like, oh, if I knew a sl where he did, or we both did, that's so much easier. But so I think, I think our time is up, I'm not sure. Have you been
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: keeping,
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I don't know
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: it is, yeah, you're
SPEAKER_R: It's very well because after we started talking for a while, I sent this for 20 minutes and now it says 4:30 and I think I logged in at 4:02.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think so. The yeah, there's a timer and I looked when we when you got on, it was when we started talking, is that five minutes? It's at 33 now, so Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: this didn't make sure you talk a little longer so you don't get Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So you make sure you hit the the
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: rebels?
SPEAKER_R: will be close enough and like, okay, well, I was really a pleasure to talk to you. Tyler, thank
SPEAKER_L: you as
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: for for, you know, doing this nice
SPEAKER_L: as the
SPEAKER_R: money to have, isn't it?
SPEAKER_L: was Oh yeah, it's great.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Sit here and get paid for two fucking I'm
SPEAKER_L: I can
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: do that every day.
SPEAKER_R: Well you
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: take care of it was nice to meet you
SPEAKER_L: thanks you too.