Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, mm hmm. Uh huh.
No worse.
Tyler Mcdonald's nice to meet you. Mhm.
I am in south Carolina. Uh It is all right. It is uh not fall here, still summertime. Um So I we had like a spell a couple weeks ago where
Got into the 60s, which was fantastic. But now
it's back in
the 80s.
Yeah. Was running in my lungs, my long pants and my falcon needed like a, Like the whole
hat, it was like 65°.. I was in winter.
not there was one maybe a month ago that I think we just got the tail end of some rain, but
we haven't gotten anything bad.
Yeah, I have a uh some good friends live in beaumont texas. It's like right there by the coast, the gulf coast and yeah, they've gotten
it by every single Okay.
Oh wow. I know, Galveston's city, that's that's all I know.
Oh,
so whereabouts
are you from?
I'm an attorney. Um Your
yeah, I work for the government. I work uh
I basically uh all these companies, they really shady things like uh
Are you fine people that charge like 8,000% interest on loans or um like those kind of people, we go after them and Yeah.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. He bought the, yeah, he bought it and then charged about 700%.
No, I mean
uh let's see what's the most interesting thing that happened today toward recently. Um Yeah. Uh
we have, oh there's a we have a car dealer who is operates online, like they have a website where they sell used cars and none of the cars actually exist. Mhm. So he was just selling these cars and taking, taking the money online and then just like nothing ever happened. Uh
Right, I don't think it's long, I think he was like a lot of these people like move across the country just continuously and pull their scams and leave. So I think he did it maybe two or three times before we heard of it,
can
is,
apparently,
yeah, you can see it coming,
All right,
yeah my sister
got very entrenched in a multi level marketing scheme for years uh and I was like from the beginning like this don't do this, it's a terrible idea and she didn't listen and of course she got screwed over and
what do you do, what do you teach a specific subject or do you teach?
Thanks
you
know
no.
well I
love my english teacher so
the
people do exist, we do
exist
unfortunately it doesn't uh pass down knowledge doesn't pass down from dinner, shouldn't
believe
it or not
I do I have one dog, I actually
talked to him right at the beginning of quarantine so he is a train walker coonhound Yeah what about
you?
Uh
Oh yeah yeah we have like a big dog park, my neighborhood with lots of trees and so I'll let him like run up the tree like to play.
yeah yeah long floppy ears,
short hair,
Yeah. So cute. Uh
Where do you have any pets?
Very
What's going on? I think I hear the little tippy tips
there.
Oh, he's so cute,
wow, he's so fluffy,
gorgeous.
Archie I think is he's also a little a little scary cat. Uh just like if I make a sudden movement, if you can feel like like push my chair back too fast, he likes scrambles up. Yeah.
Harry
this.
Right. All the good
stuff
I've done. Uh so this is the third one, I think the third or fourth one I've done and it's been like I've had very different conversations
each time.
Uh One time like the person straight away, it was just like, I don't want to talk about salsa and he's like, what do you think about the election?
And
it was
Well it was fun because I think we were aligned. If we didn't like it probably would've been was fun.
That's been happening here too. In my neighborhood,
there's been posts everyday about someone came and stole my sign,
Kamala Harris.
The opposite. So south Carolina is obviously very red. But I live right? I live in the capital Columbia in like two minutes from downtown, which has historically been pretty liberal, especially at my neighborhood is very liberal neighborhood. So yeah, I think somebody from like another neighborhood is coming in to see our signs.
So back to my comment about uh our kids not inheriting the smarts of their parents. My mother is C. P. A. And I started going to college and I was very stereotypical college student where I didn't know what I wanted to do, I was just kind of flailing about. Uh And it got to the end of sophomore year I think and my advisers like Tyler, you've got to pick a major, otherwise you're not going to graduate on time. Um And I still have no idea what I understand. I was like, well
moms and CPA, I might as well like what else we're gonna do? She can help me with my homework. Um And so I I went to accounting um got to my end of my junior year and I worked for an accounting firm. And by the second day I was like no I'm not doing
uh it was too late to change. So I finished up the degree. But I had just started looking for options and um just there was just a sign on the, in the school one day about think about law school. And so I just, I have a very bad habit of making big life decisions, uh like instantaneous, like off the cuff, I don't, and I always follow through with them, but I just, I never think about anything. I just like, I don't know, I just do it. So I saw the sign and like the next day I signed up for the L sat and then here I am,
I do, I do, I've
definitely gone through different, a lot of stages of loving and hating. Uh I worked for a big law firm before I my job now, which is, you know, I was working like 100 hours a week and I was defending really big charitable corporations. So
I
am,
yeah, so I've, I do not enjoy being lawyer then, but I've made the switch, I'm much happier now, so
wow.
Yeah, my, I somehow, I don't really know how it happened, but all of my camaraderie of my close friends in Colombia RL PhD english students and so they, yeah, they all teach, um, they all have to teach like the first year english class to the freshman as part of their program. And
so I hear odds are here all like complaints about students and uh, I do get a lot of good book recommendations now, that's the benefit of having insurance,
interesting.
Yeah, I can imagine.
Oh my gosh.
is
it?
I
I
think
it is, yeah, you're
Yeah, I think so. The yeah, there's a timer and I looked when we when you got on, it was when we started talking, is that five minutes? It's at 33 now, so Uh huh.
So you make sure you hit the the
rebels?
you as
well
as the
was Oh yeah, it's great.
I can
do that every day.
Well,
thanks you too.