SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I love Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Quick. Yeah. Hey, it's going
SPEAKER_R: Waiting for long I think I'm okay. I'm right time. Right
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I just got in here like, probably about three minutes ago.
SPEAKER_R: How you doing? I'm Sangeeta.
SPEAKER_L: my name is Jimmy.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Hi. So from which place are you from?
SPEAKER_L: I live in the midwest. Uh Wisconsin
SPEAKER_R: Maybe. Oh okay. I'm bloomington lena.
SPEAKER_L: Minnesota, or? Yeah, because bloomington like
SPEAKER_R: bloomington. Yeah. Then as how's things going?
SPEAKER_L: pretty good. Just got done eating. Feel pretty good. How are things for you?
SPEAKER_R: Um Okay. Kind of okay. Uh like like I don't go out for work right? So like basically homemaker, so just now it extra work like taking care of kids whole time because they don't go school nowadays. It's like they start remotely from from 24th I think.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I'm guessing you have to teach them then at the end of the last year then. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So like uh they have to but the school says they say they'll take attendance and then like we need to report everything to them and even there like planning to give some computers, laptop things to them I think. Yeah pretty much. It's like that. So how about like do you have kids? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We got to, the oldest one is in school. She's seven, the other ones too. So she hasn't started school yet.
SPEAKER_R: My son is two and my is like six so yeah It's now get six Lee she's like fine enough. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: This So how how do you like the school from home thing? Hard to adjust?
SPEAKER_R: Really? Like um my husband, he works from home and like so I need to run behind them to stop them from going to his room so they're very curious what daddy's doing, Close the door, he's closing the door, let me go and see what he's doing like. So they'll always be that opened the door, let me
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: come in like that, go behind them, carry them.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, I bet.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so it's kind of like very busy
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's
SPEAKER_R: so however you like do you work from home now?
SPEAKER_L: No, I I work at a factory that uh does like foam fabrication makes headliners for tractors and whatnot. So our hours have been cut. So I spent a lot more time at home, but I haven't been working from home. It's been nice though because I worked for a long time and it's nice getting that extra time with family so I'm not too upset. Yeah, I'm working from home would probably be hard because the same thing with kids. I mean we
SPEAKER_R: Where
SPEAKER_L: have a hard time when you say you can't go in that room then they
SPEAKER_R: it's like they make loud noises even our neighbors like they're like a little bit upset because of the it so we're trying to keep him calm but still kind of uh little bit we're having trouble to keep them calm so now you know while talking now I just told my husband to take care of them until I finish talking with you. So usually like I choose the time early morning so when they'll be sleeping so I can do some Things like this. Things like this. But uh I got the appointment time at six this time so and I told him to okay just take care of them for a while.
SPEAKER_L: No. Yeah, I try to do it early to the last three times I tried to do this, nobody showed up. So I just sat here for 10:15 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Oh so it happened for me two times like that. Then after that every time everybody showed up on time. You know last time I chose six maybe yesterday I think I took the third one. This is my fourth one. So it was 66 AM. You know so I was pretty with experts who covered six am like that. But but he came and then he was also feeling the same like he to have kids at home. So he chose that time to talk like that he was telling me. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I usually try to choose earlier as well, but like I said
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: this is one that gave me. So I thought well maybe I don't know if people been sleeping through, but
SPEAKER_R: you know
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: is my fourth time, the first time the person showed up right away and the last actually it might have been the last two or three times nobody showed up. And like I said, it's a great screen.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Some like uh what else you do like mm like time pass or like you go out for playing or do things like that now it is what like so how do
SPEAKER_L: I don't you mean for work or just in general?
SPEAKER_R: you're in general like that you know now it's kind of funny right? Everybody's closing inside so so we don't go out mostly but we want weekends, we can't award buying groceries and like uh doing buying some other things for the house. And also basically we keep everything on weekends and a whole week like we try to stay home and uh evening of course evening we can't keep the kids every time inside. So evening we go for a little walk of maintaining some distance. So this is how we are managing here actually.
SPEAKER_L: So how when you guys go to the grocery store, do you bring the kids with it? Is when do
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: you go?
SPEAKER_R: I like pick up pick up, we just put pick up mm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I worked with a guy that's uh he will forever even after this is over. He said it's so great. He said all I do is I ordered I show up pick up my food and I'm gone. He said it's five minutes rather than spending an hour in the store.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so we do like that walmart pickup has not been kind of uh break use nowadays. And uh but I like to go inside the store and like walk and they take a look everywhere to see, to see a lot of people and talk with them. But it's kind of a How many months, more than four months? I didn't even see even stabbed inside a store because of my kids actually. Yeah, I'm just scared that to take them of course and like I should be safe and uh so many things comes to mind even though I like to go there but I'm not going and just restricting myself.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we're the same of the kids and I kind of feel bad because we same thing, we'll go take them out for walks and stuff in the evening. We live in kind of a rural area. So there's not, we usually we see more animals usually than we see people we see deer
SPEAKER_R: coming
SPEAKER_L: all the time, so, but I feel
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: bad because the kids,
SPEAKER_R: then there,
SPEAKER_L: like you said, like they don't want to be stuck inside, so we've got a small little backyard that's fenced stuff and we got a swing set in a little pool from the plan,
SPEAKER_R: that that great actually. So so you're living your live in separate individual house, right? Like Yeah but we stay here in apartment and so we don't have any space like this like to keep a swing or something like that, that would be great.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we timed it in retrospect, really good because we had an apartment until a couple years ago and I think it would be a lot harder
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: right now with everything going on trying to maintain.
SPEAKER_R: so but of course we have a parking lot nearby like it's kind of big part parking lot and nowadays it's all empty there, it's a kind of office parking lot and nobody comes their evening, so we kind of take our kids there and for a walk a little bit time and then bring them back or let them play do the ride bikes and all, then we bring them back in an hour or two. So like because vehicles are down there and nobody comes and go there, all the offices are closed now they are all working from home, so that parking lot is a bit like empty every time. So we we do take our kids there for a walk and we do have a park here, but the park is closed because of this. So it's kind of uh we're a little bit uh facing a rough time nowadays.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, the reason we got our swing set is because we've got a park nearby and we went for a walk and walk past it, and my youngest who's too, was she was crying. She was very, very sad because she had to see the park that she gets to play out and had to tell her like, no, we can't we
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: can't go, I'm sorry. And she's too so she doesn't
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: understand.
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: And we thought, well let's get a swing set, so at least they can, you know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: right. You know my son like um every time, like when he says the shoe, okay, put put put it on, put it on, I want to go out like that. Every time I need to hide his shoes, everything. So he would have been staying in home. He likes to wear those and just walk around. I feel like I feel pretty bad. Oh no, what to do with them. They can't go to their friends as well. Sometimes I used to send my daughter earlier before this pandemic like uh to play or somewhere to her friend's home and all. But nowadays like she's also stuck a full time house and watching electronic kind of, I'm also facing hard time to stop her like okay, don't watch this time now come and study or do something else, but she likes to watch something, keep on watching, keep on watching. No, she's like a due to the electronic Saturdays and even know even school schools as well, she has to do the same thing right to in the electronics only she'll be even more glued to that. I think now the school starts. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's really it's gonna be really tough to be a kid
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that age right now. I mean
SPEAKER_R: Mm They like,
SPEAKER_L: used to seeing all your friends and spending all that time outside playing with all your friends and now all of a sudden. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So what else like, so you do do play some video games inside or?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I play a lot of video games, not as much as I used to because I got kids now, but I I still play when I can. I mean, I was playing right before I got on here. Yeah, I've played for probably
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: since I was six years old. Seven years old. I like sports a lot too. I don't know if you're in any sports, but I mean avid sportsman.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Okay. Okay. So football are like with
SPEAKER_L: football's my number one and I like baseball and basketball is all right to
SPEAKER_R: okay, that's great. Right? You can teach your kids and
SPEAKER_L: I can't
SPEAKER_R: in time. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: well I'm not very athletic I like playing sports but I I'm probably a little below average. What kind of cartoons? What kind of stuff does your kids watch? You say your kids on the tablet or on the electronics?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah like uh there was Perrotto po koyo and a lot of other like uh mostly when I I see them they will be watching paro paro koyo that what else? That that's tom and jerry. Uh Oh no, it is a uh what else, like, uh it's kind of, you asked me suddenly that I'm not getting the name actually. So what is your kids who aren't actually, they can suggest them?
SPEAKER_L: There's a lot of stuff. I think the biggest is part patrol
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and I think Pop Patrol and sponge rubber their top to right now. But it's the same thing as you're saying. It's it's hard now because they want to sit and keep watching and it's like no you gotta stop you got to do some work, do you know? And it's hard now because you can't like you said you can't send them to their friends or so the kids spend more time on electronics that I would like. But I mean there's not much for options.
SPEAKER_R: So your wife, she, she does work from home or like uh
SPEAKER_L: No, she actually works at a group home for like troubled teenage girls. Yeah, she and actually tonight's her last night she starts uh I'm not sure what the title is but she's gonna start a job where she's on call uh where people call if there like depressed kind of uh
SPEAKER_R: counseling. Dyp like uh okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah she's pretty good at it. She's got she's got more of a level head than I do.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Then, okay, then she can manage kids very well I think.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you'd think. But I think she has a harder time than I do
SPEAKER_R: We're really okay.
SPEAKER_L: but but she works part time and I work full time so she spends a lot more time with the kids than I do. So I think by the time I get home she's probably had about enough.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Thank you. So
SPEAKER_L: Look.
SPEAKER_R: last time when I talked with actually he was from Georgia, I think. So he was a computer geek. And then and I was telling him that he won't be having trouble finding an online job then, uh he was like no, it's pretty much hard to find job in Georgia nowadays, but I don't, I always felt that uh I'm not a computer major, so like the finding a job in computers is like other online job is kind of pretty much tough for me. So I was telling, so he he told me to study python actually, okay, you take that course and uh and it's kind of very good and you might get a job very easily. And he told me a lot of styles love love.
SPEAKER_L: So it's python some kind of like computer programming or something?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, computer programming. He told me to learn that, so I get an online job reason. God.
SPEAKER_L: See I think I've heard a python. I don't know I like
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: playing games and I know a little bit about technology but I do not understand a lot of it, so
SPEAKER_R: We're really
SPEAKER_L: but I thought I've heard that python somewhere.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Yeah, it's a computer programming. And then actually I felt very bad because uh no no I told that I'm not a computer graduate, that's why I'm feeling very bad nowadays because of this pandemic. Like we can't go out and find a Putin job. Or if it if it is like computers means we can find an online job from the warm itself, right? So I was feeling very bad about that because that's why then he told me, okay you can learn python and then you can find a good job like that thing. But
SPEAKER_L: Did you look into
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: realized
SPEAKER_L: at all?
SPEAKER_R: at this age, okay, learning is a very full no no for me. And uh I can't learn new new like computer even my husband says so you can do you can read this, you can do that, you can do this. No no no no I can't study anymore.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. So what's your husband do for work?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah he's uh he's working in I. T.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. So he's in computers on?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah he's in computers, I'm here. He like he's always like okay I need to study this language. That language because he needs to keep updating himself because because of this fee because of the society it keeps changing, right? So he needs to update himself. And he's always in such of some new topics to read or study, right? I don't I am no no I can't read anymore. Uh
SPEAKER_L: He sounds like a pretty ambitious guy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so like uh pretty much hard work as well like uh he won't if he's working he won't like listen to anyone who don't care and if anything happens outside as well, I pretty much get angry. And sometimes like oh you you see he's shouting, she's shouting, you can't even come and ask what's happening. No but okay so many or it's going going on like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Sounds like a good worker though, especially if you can zone out everything else.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. However your factory. Like is it open now?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's uh it's been
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: open our hours. Like I said our hours got cut but it's been open the whole time. Uh I haven't been the strongest supporter for it remaining open but I don't really have a choice.
SPEAKER_R: so you stopped voluntarily going there or like this like what the company not like now it is shut down and you cannot go and work or something like that now.
SPEAKER_L: Well when the pandemic first happened, I took a bunch of I got a bunch of vacation time, so I took my vacation time and then just because of the way everything is uh are our sales haven't been as high. So they've cut our hours. Like I had to take two weeks off last month, I got to take two weeks off this month,
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: but they've been open the whole time. It's just that different departments
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: know our
SPEAKER_L: to take time off. Yeah, so my hours pretty much have been cut overall.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. And now I see pretty much everything is open here in our area like the grocery shops and they went the restaurants, it's open and I will I even see the board's nowadays hanging like uh the dining is open and the like open, they eat outside as well. But they even gave option to sit and dine inside the that's true. And actually it was pretty much stopped earlier 23 months before. But now they have opened everything. But and I see a lot of cases rising as well. So since everything is open now Ricky we see a lot of cases rising here. This panda covid cases, the Haliburton area in your area like is it can under control are like it's a
SPEAKER_L: No it's the same thing. Everybody, the people around here since I live in more of a rural area,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: it's not
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: any
SPEAKER_R: home
SPEAKER_L: big hotspots. So
SPEAKER_R: hope.
SPEAKER_L: everybody thinks it's kind of overblown. A lot of people think it's kind of just fabricated. So as soon as they started opening stuff, people started flocking to the restaurants and the bars and now our cases are rising and nobody seems to care. We try to keep an keep inside and you know, teach their own. I can't stop people from going out, but we have tried to hey out or stay inside.
SPEAKER_R: Mm um last year I talked with one person and uh like she was like, she was very much against wearing a mask when, when she go out and she don't wear, it seems so like she but she told me that she's having a medical condition, that's what she don't wear the mask. But I was pretty much shocked or my like that. But I didn't express my concern because you might feel bad about that. But I was like, oh my like that.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I have
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: to wear one at work and I don't like it, but if it's, I mean if it's to protect people, I don't understand and I work with people the same way, like I don't want to wear it, I'm not going to wear it and it's like, well why I it's a pain but I mean it's not that big of a deal and I just don't understand it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, if it protects us, why don't we wear it like a little bit uncomfortable, but it gives more safety. Right? So it's ok to wear, I feel like that. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: so we have a lot of people here that are just like that that don't want to wear uh and it's and it's discouraging, but there's nothing like I said, there's nothing I can do about it, just, I wish people would be a little more conscious and
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Right. Yeah. So so though she told me that she wants to go to visit her daughter but she's not visiting her because she needs to wear a mask when she bought the plane. So that's why she's not like it's not going now. So I was like all my at least if she wants to see a dot on that particular wore that and uh
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: but anyway, so we can't say anything. It's their own opinion, right? We can't force them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and that's how I feel that people are going to do what they want to do can't make them. I mean I I wish they would
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: she
SPEAKER_L: choice.
SPEAKER_R: was she she worked as a social worker and she is a retiring like she like she retired now. He's retired now. But like she worked with a lot of people and even she told that she worked with cases like tuberculosis but at the time also she didn't wear a mask. It it seems so like she's very brave. I felt like that. But but still and she don't like vaccination. A lot of other things that I was like uh my opinion was totally against that. Like I feel totally safe with vaccination and I want my kids to get vaccinated.
SPEAKER_L: Ever?
SPEAKER_R: I'm betting for a covid vaccine actually. You ready? And then when she told me like that that I was pretty much got off and turned off. But um you know, I like I maintained my like I didn't tell her that my opinion is totally different, but I still like I need to respect whatever decision is right? So less I just left it. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's shown I agree though, I my kids have been vaccinated. I and I'm no doctor I I don't know but I feel pretty confident that vaccines are probably a good thing. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: And like in schools also they have mandatory like we need to show the in vaccination immunization report I think. Right, so this now they have asked us to send the immunization report for my daughter before the school starts it seems, even though it's remote they want to keep it updated in the file, it seems. So so we just finished her vaccination like her 50-year vaccination. But but it's pretty much late for her even though she's like past half like 55 years, she's almost about to six within two months. But still we took her and uh completed her immunization and then we send the report to school actually. So we didn't go to the doctor because of this pandemic. So we just to stop that for a while and since the school are just to send the immunization card, we just went to the like uh clean pediatric office here. But I felt like they were running everywhere. I could not stop them. And I took them to the, I was like then I told her that wash your hands with this washer like wipe your hands like this Davis, they started playing with this for data and sectional. I was like oh my how long it will take for this like that when I will go out from here. So I then I thought I should not take them anywhere like that. This is over.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I bet that probably just excited to be out somewhere else.
SPEAKER_R: right excited to be out and see a lot of people and they keep talking with them, go near them and talk to them. Yeah. Anyway when this will be over I don't know. Yeah. I think time is up I think. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: definitely looks like it sounds good. It was nice chatting with you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah nice chatting with you too. I hope I didn't bother you much.
SPEAKER_L: No, no, you're buying enjoy your day,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You too. Okay
SPEAKER_L: but.