Mhm. I love Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Quick. Yeah. Hey, it's going
yeah, I just got in here like, probably about three minutes ago.
my name is Jimmy.
I live in the midwest. Uh Wisconsin
Minnesota, or? Yeah, because bloomington like
pretty good. Just got done eating. Feel pretty good. How are things for you?
Yeah. So I'm guessing you have to teach them then at the end of the last year then. Right.
Yeah. We got to, the oldest one is in school. She's seven, the other ones too. So she hasn't started school yet.
This So how how do you like the school from home thing? Hard to adjust?
No.
Right. Yeah, I bet.
Yeah, it's
No, I I work at a factory that uh does like foam fabrication makes headliners for tractors and whatnot. So our hours have been cut. So I spent a lot more time at home, but I haven't been working from home. It's been nice though because I worked for a long time and it's nice getting that extra time with family so I'm not too upset. Yeah, I'm working from home would probably be hard because the same thing with kids. I mean we
have a hard time when you say you can't go in that room then they
No. Yeah, I try to do it early to the last three times I tried to do this, nobody showed up. So I just sat here for 10:15 minutes.
Yeah, I usually try to choose earlier as well, but like I said
this is one that gave me. So I thought well maybe I don't know if people been sleeping through, but
this
is my fourth time, the first time the person showed up right away and the last actually it might have been the last two or three times nobody showed up. And like I said, it's a great screen.
I don't you mean for work or just in general?
So how when you guys go to the grocery store, do you bring the kids with it? Is when do
you go?
Yeah. I worked with a guy that's uh he will forever even after this is over. He said it's so great. He said all I do is I ordered I show up pick up my food and I'm gone. He said it's five minutes rather than spending an hour in the store.
Yeah, we're the same of the kids and I kind of feel bad because we same thing, we'll go take them out for walks and stuff in the evening. We live in kind of a rural area. So there's not, we usually we see more animals usually than we see people we see deer
all the time, so, but I feel
bad because the kids,
like you said, like they don't want to be stuck inside, so we've got a small little backyard that's fenced stuff and we got a swing set in a little pool from the plan,
Yeah, we timed it in retrospect, really good because we had an apartment until a couple years ago and I think it would be a lot harder
right now with everything going on trying to maintain.
Yeah, the reason we got our swing set is because we've got a park nearby and we went for a walk and walk past it, and my youngest who's too, was she was crying. She was very, very sad because she had to see the park that she gets to play out and had to tell her like, no, we can't we
can't go, I'm sorry. And she's too so she doesn't
understand.
And we thought, well let's get a swing set, so at least they can, you know. Yeah.
Yeah, it's really it's gonna be really tough to be a kid
that age right now. I mean
used to seeing all your friends and spending all that time outside playing with all your friends and now all of a sudden. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, I play a lot of video games, not as much as I used to because I got kids now, but I I still play when I can. I mean, I was playing right before I got on here. Yeah, I've played for probably
since I was six years old. Seven years old. I like sports a lot too. I don't know if you're in any sports, but I mean avid sportsman.
football's my number one and I like baseball and basketball is all right to
I can't
well I'm not very athletic I like playing sports but I I'm probably a little below average. What kind of cartoons? What kind of stuff does your kids watch? You say your kids on the tablet or on the electronics?
There's a lot of stuff. I think the biggest is part patrol
and I think Pop Patrol and sponge rubber their top to right now. But it's the same thing as you're saying. It's it's hard now because they want to sit and keep watching and it's like no you gotta stop you got to do some work, do you know? And it's hard now because you can't like you said you can't send them to their friends or so the kids spend more time on electronics that I would like. But I mean there's not much for options.
No, she actually works at a group home for like troubled teenage girls. Yeah, she and actually tonight's her last night she starts uh I'm not sure what the title is but she's gonna start a job where she's on call uh where people call if there like depressed kind of uh
Yeah she's pretty good at it. She's got she's got more of a level head than I do.
Yeah, you'd think. But I think she has a harder time than I do
but but she works part time and I work full time so she spends a lot more time with the kids than I do. So I think by the time I get home she's probably had about enough.
Look.
So it's python some kind of like computer programming or something?
See I think I've heard a python. I don't know I like
playing games and I know a little bit about technology but I do not understand a lot of it, so
but I thought I've heard that python somewhere.
Did you look into
it
at all?
yeah. So what's your husband do for work?
Nice. So he's in computers on?
He sounds like a pretty ambitious guy.
Sounds like a good worker though, especially if you can zone out everything else.
Yeah. It's uh it's been
open our hours. Like I said our hours got cut but it's been open the whole time. Uh I haven't been the strongest supporter for it remaining open but I don't really have a choice.
Well when the pandemic first happened, I took a bunch of I got a bunch of vacation time, so I took my vacation time and then just because of the way everything is uh are our sales haven't been as high. So they've cut our hours. Like I had to take two weeks off last month, I got to take two weeks off this month,
but they've been open the whole time. It's just that different departments
have
to take time off. Yeah, so my hours pretty much have been cut overall.
No it's the same thing. Everybody, the people around here since I live in more of a rural area,
it's not
any
big hotspots. So
everybody thinks it's kind of overblown. A lot of people think it's kind of just fabricated. So as soon as they started opening stuff, people started flocking to the restaurants and the bars and now our cases are rising and nobody seems to care. We try to keep an keep inside and you know, teach their own. I can't stop people from going out, but we have tried to hey out or stay inside.
I mean I have
to wear one at work and I don't like it, but if it's, I mean if it's to protect people, I don't understand and I work with people the same way, like I don't want to wear it, I'm not going to wear it and it's like, well why I it's a pain but I mean it's not that big of a deal and I just don't understand it.
so we have a lot of people here that are just like that that don't want to wear uh and it's and it's discouraging, but there's nothing like I said, there's nothing I can do about it, just, I wish people would be a little more conscious and
Right.
Yeah and that's how I feel that people are going to do what they want to do can't make them. I mean I I wish they would
so
choice.
Ever?
Yeah. It's shown I agree though, I my kids have been vaccinated. I and I'm no doctor I I don't know but I feel pretty confident that vaccines are probably a good thing. Uh huh.
Yeah, I bet that probably just excited to be out somewhere else.
definitely looks like it sounds good. It was nice chatting with you.
No, no, you're buying enjoy your day,
but.