Waiting for long I think I'm okay. I'm right time. Right
How you doing? I'm Sangeeta.
Okay. Hi. So from which place are you from?
Maybe. Oh okay. I'm bloomington lena.
bloomington. Yeah. Then as how's things going?
Um Okay. Kind of okay. Uh like like I don't go out for work right? So like basically homemaker, so just now it extra work like taking care of kids whole time because they don't go school nowadays. It's like they start remotely from from 24th I think.
Yeah. So like uh they have to but the school says they say they'll take attendance and then like we need to report everything to them and even there like planning to give some computers, laptop things to them I think. Yeah pretty much. It's like that. So how about like do you have kids? Yeah.
My son is two and my is like six so yeah It's now get six Lee she's like fine enough. Mhm
Really? Like um my husband, he works from home and like so I need to run behind them to stop them from going to his room so they're very curious what daddy's doing, Close the door, he's closing the door, let me go and see what he's doing like. So they'll always be that opened the door, let me
come in like that, go behind them, carry them.
Yeah so it's kind of like very busy
so however you like do you work from home now?
Where
it's like they make loud noises even our neighbors like they're like a little bit upset because of the it so we're trying to keep him calm but still kind of uh little bit we're having trouble to keep them calm so now you know while talking now I just told my husband to take care of them until I finish talking with you. So usually like I choose the time early morning so when they'll be sleeping so I can do some Things like this. Things like this. But uh I got the appointment time at six this time so and I told him to okay just take care of them for a while.
Oh so it happened for me two times like that. Then after that every time everybody showed up on time. You know last time I chose six maybe yesterday I think I took the third one. This is my fourth one. So it was 66 AM. You know so I was pretty with experts who covered six am like that. But but he came and then he was also feeling the same like he to have kids at home. So he chose that time to talk like that he was telling me. Yeah.
but
you know
just
Okay. Some like uh what else you do like mm like time pass or like you go out for playing or do things like that now it is what like so how do
you're in general like that you know now it's kind of funny right? Everybody's closing inside so so we don't go out mostly but we want weekends, we can't award buying groceries and like uh doing buying some other things for the house. And also basically we keep everything on weekends and a whole week like we try to stay home and uh evening of course evening we can't keep the kids every time inside. So evening we go for a little walk of maintaining some distance. So this is how we are managing here actually.
no
I like pick up pick up, we just put pick up mm.
Yeah so we do like that walmart pickup has not been kind of uh break use nowadays. And uh but I like to go inside the store and like walk and they take a look everywhere to see, to see a lot of people and talk with them. But it's kind of a How many months, more than four months? I didn't even see even stabbed inside a store because of my kids actually. Yeah, I'm just scared that to take them of course and like I should be safe and uh so many things comes to mind even though I like to go there but I'm not going and just restricting myself.
coming
But
then there,
that that great actually. So so you're living your live in separate individual house, right? Like Yeah but we stay here in apartment and so we don't have any space like this like to keep a swing or something like that, that would be great.
no
so but of course we have a parking lot nearby like it's kind of big part parking lot and nowadays it's all empty there, it's a kind of office parking lot and nobody comes their evening, so we kind of take our kids there and for a walk a little bit time and then bring them back or let them play do the ride bikes and all, then we bring them back in an hour or two. So like because vehicles are down there and nobody comes and go there, all the offices are closed now they are all working from home, so that parking lot is a bit like empty every time. So we we do take our kids there for a walk and we do have a park here, but the park is closed because of this. So it's kind of uh we're a little bit uh facing a rough time nowadays.
Well,
You
know.
right. You know my son like um every time, like when he says the shoe, okay, put put put it on, put it on, I want to go out like that. Every time I need to hide his shoes, everything. So he would have been staying in home. He likes to wear those and just walk around. I feel like I feel pretty bad. Oh no, what to do with them. They can't go to their friends as well. Sometimes I used to send my daughter earlier before this pandemic like uh to play or somewhere to her friend's home and all. But nowadays like she's also stuck a full time house and watching electronic kind of, I'm also facing hard time to stop her like okay, don't watch this time now come and study or do something else, but she likes to watch something, keep on watching, keep on watching. No, she's like a due to the electronic Saturdays and even know even school schools as well, she has to do the same thing right to in the electronics only she'll be even more glued to that. I think now the school starts. Mm.
Yeah.
Mm They like,
So what else like, so you do do play some video games inside or?
What?
Yeah. Okay. Okay. So football are like with
okay, that's great. Right? You can teach your kids and
in time. Okay.
Yeah like uh there was Perrotto po koyo and a lot of other like uh mostly when I I see them they will be watching paro paro koyo that what else? That that's tom and jerry. Uh Oh no, it is a uh what else, like, uh it's kind of, you asked me suddenly that I'm not getting the name actually. So what is your kids who aren't actually, they can suggest them?
Oh yeah, Yeah. Yeah.
So your wife, she, she does work from home or like uh
counseling. Dyp like uh okay.
yeah. Then, okay, then she can manage kids very well I think.
We're really okay.
Okay. Thank you. So
last time when I talked with actually he was from Georgia, I think. So he was a computer geek. And then and I was telling him that he won't be having trouble finding an online job then, uh he was like no, it's pretty much hard to find job in Georgia nowadays, but I don't, I always felt that uh I'm not a computer major, so like the finding a job in computers is like other online job is kind of pretty much tough for me. So I was telling, so he he told me to study python actually, okay, you take that course and uh and it's kind of very good and you might get a job very easily. And he told me a lot of styles love love.
yeah, computer programming. He told me to learn that, so I get an online job reason. God.
What?
We're really
okay. Yeah, it's a computer programming. And then actually I felt very bad because uh no no I told that I'm not a computer graduate, that's why I'm feeling very bad nowadays because of this pandemic. Like we can't go out and find a Putin job. Or if it if it is like computers means we can find an online job from the warm itself, right? So I was feeling very bad about that because that's why then he told me, okay you can learn python and then you can find a good job like that thing. But
I
realized
at this age, okay, learning is a very full no no for me. And uh I can't learn new new like computer even my husband says so you can do you can read this, you can do that, you can do this. No no no no I can't study anymore.
Yeah he's uh he's working in I. T.
Yeah he's in computers, I'm here. He like he's always like okay I need to study this language. That language because he needs to keep updating himself because because of this fee because of the society it keeps changing, right? So he needs to update himself. And he's always in such of some new topics to read or study, right? I don't I am no no I can't read anymore. Uh
Yeah so like uh pretty much hard work as well like uh he won't if he's working he won't like listen to anyone who don't care and if anything happens outside as well, I pretty much get angry. And sometimes like oh you you see he's shouting, she's shouting, you can't even come and ask what's happening. No but okay so many or it's going going on like that. Yeah.
yeah. However your factory. Like is it open now?
It
so you stopped voluntarily going there or like this like what the company not like now it is shut down and you cannot go and work or something like that now.
No.
You
know our
Mhm. And now I see pretty much everything is open here in our area like the grocery shops and they went the restaurants, it's open and I will I even see the board's nowadays hanging like uh the dining is open and the like open, they eat outside as well. But they even gave option to sit and dine inside the that's true. And actually it was pretty much stopped earlier 23 months before. But now they have opened everything. But and I see a lot of cases rising as well. So since everything is open now Ricky we see a lot of cases rising here. This panda covid cases, the Haliburton area in your area like is it can under control are like it's a
No,
at
home
hope.
Mm um last year I talked with one person and uh like she was like, she was very much against wearing a mask when, when she go out and she don't wear, it seems so like she but she told me that she's having a medical condition, that's what she don't wear the mask. But I was pretty much shocked or my like that. But I didn't express my concern because you might feel bad about that. But I was like, oh my like that.
What?
Yeah, if it protects us, why don't we wear it like a little bit uncomfortable, but it gives more safety. Right? So it's ok to wear, I feel like that. Mm.
Mm. Right. Yeah. So so though she told me that she wants to go to visit her daughter but she's not visiting her because she needs to wear a mask when she bought the plane. So that's why she's not like it's not going now. So I was like all my at least if she wants to see a dot on that particular wore that and uh
but anyway, so we can't say anything. It's their own opinion, right? We can't force them. Yeah.
But
she
was she she worked as a social worker and she is a retiring like she like she retired now. He's retired now. But like she worked with a lot of people and even she told that she worked with cases like tuberculosis but at the time also she didn't wear a mask. It it seems so like she's very brave. I felt like that. But but still and she don't like vaccination. A lot of other things that I was like uh my opinion was totally against that. Like I feel totally safe with vaccination and I want my kids to get vaccinated.
I'm betting for a covid vaccine actually. You ready? And then when she told me like that that I was pretty much got off and turned off. But um you know, I like I maintained my like I didn't tell her that my opinion is totally different, but I still like I need to respect whatever decision is right? So less I just left it. Oh
And like in schools also they have mandatory like we need to show the in vaccination immunization report I think. Right, so this now they have asked us to send the immunization report for my daughter before the school starts it seems, even though it's remote they want to keep it updated in the file, it seems. So so we just finished her vaccination like her 50-year vaccination. But but it's pretty much late for her even though she's like past half like 55 years, she's almost about to six within two months. But still we took her and uh completed her immunization and then we send the report to school actually. So we didn't go to the doctor because of this pandemic. So we just to stop that for a while and since the school are just to send the immunization card, we just went to the like uh clean pediatric office here. But I felt like they were running everywhere. I could not stop them. And I took them to the, I was like then I told her that wash your hands with this washer like wipe your hands like this Davis, they started playing with this for data and sectional. I was like oh my how long it will take for this like that when I will go out from here. So I then I thought I should not take them anywhere like that. This is over.
right excited to be out and see a lot of people and they keep talking with them, go near them and talk to them. Yeah. Anyway when this will be over I don't know. Yeah. I think time is up I think. Mhm.
Yeah nice chatting with you too. I hope I didn't bother you much.
Yeah. You too. Okay