yeah. Cool shit. Oh okay mm hmm. Uh huh mm. Oh sure yeah. Yeah. Oh I don't know. That is right. Right okay. Yeah. Oh mm mm hmm. Okay mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. Okay that's true. Oh okay. I know. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. I've never been interested in social media. My brother. Happy with my friends. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh stop. Yeah woman. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. All right. Thank you. Okay. Hello?
I was moved over at a position
Before you called so.
So how are you?
it's
good to meet you Adrian I'm gary. Um This is my fourth my fourth time uh
my sixth
attempt because two people didn't show up.
But
as
far as conversations
this is the fourth one. Yeah
I
did
it.
This
is the latest in the day that I've had one, most of mine have been one p.m. Or or three p.m. So that's different. Um Excuse me I just finished eating lunch song or
dinner or some
kind of uh
that's just uh I live in the Lexington Kentucky area and I work as a research analyst for an aerospace company. So what about you?
What?
german german Raleigh and charlotte. The area is really booming right now from
what I understand.
Yeah there was actually an article on on CNBC about two weeks ago about that area about the technology and medical companies that are moving there and they it was about people from the new England area and California where would be a good place for them to move. And that was one of the locations along with Austin. Well Austin and your area are the two that they recommended. So
here in texas. Um so where in? Ohio were you originally from?
Kind of
I know between columbus going that direction. Um I had a cousin that used to live near Cleveland. She worked for General Motors and we would go up and visit with her occasionally through the years. But things have changed so much just in the past 10 years. It's if I went there now, I probably wouldn't recognize anything.
Yeah, that would be the way to go from where you live. Go up. Um
I guess you go to Knoxville and get on 75 come north.
you
go
through
charleston west Virginia and then go up. Okay.
Yeah, I'm
just
I'm not used to they used to not being a connection between charleston typically and then on over to Charlottesville. That's that wasn't there before, but now it is. So
so where you live, I guess that is the closest way to go.
It
was in the eighties
when it did yeah, so it's been some time but for me driving that direction it's it's we used to travel that a lot when I was younger. Uh So we never did go that way because going from basically to Charlottesville through White Sulphur Springs, it was a very curvy mountainous road with their ski lodges in
around White Sulphur Springs area, so it's it's not some place you want to go to, especially during the holidays because the roads are usually uh snow
covered or I
see and so but yeah we're I'm only like
45 minutes south of Cincinnati. So I live in Georgetown, which is just north of Lexington, so it's um I know that kind of the area you're talking about driving at least where you'll be driving through. So um so you're gonna go you're going to get to have a white christmas then?
No
you can
and it doesn't make it does make a difference.
we're
not doing we're not doing anything other than maybe a few people local but as far as the entire family coming together
because
last year we had over
47 people for the on christmas day, so we're not doing that this year. Um
not immediately myself because I'm not married, don't have any Children but my sister, her family and then my brother, he lives nearby and he has he's the kind of person he's the ladies married to now. Well he has three Children from a previous marriage and they all have Children with his current wife, she has Children and then they have Children and they have grandchildren. So he kind of married into instead of having like having three kids, he he has a whole like seven plus 20 some grandkids
and then some
great grandkids now. So he's got a whole huge family all of his own. The joke is during the summer is on every weekend. He always has a birthday to go to. So some kind of party. So it's, and that's the way it works out. Sometimes they'll have like three kids share one birthday party because they all have the same birthday that week and they're celebrated on the weekend. So
for me personally know the my work, I work in a security lab in Lexington. And uh, so I've been going in every day and uh, we were deemed essential because we have government contracts that we have to fulfill. Uh, and we work in a clean room anyway, so, you know, we're not going to transmit the virus
back and forth. Um, but as far as uh personally, yeah, you can't go out with friends, you can't do anything, you know, social. Um I haven't been to go into a restaurant to eat since february. Uh
same thing with the movie, the movies, the theaters are open here, but I don't want to go in a room, a big room with a bunch of people that I don't know and you don't know how close that they'll be sitting next to you.
You just, you just have to try to take care of your own self and do the best you can. I mean I always wear a mask, I always tried to social distance and I was like in the, I went to Kroger's earlier today and I was the one standing over at the edge of the aisle went letting somebody passed because they were just walking normally and we would have been to foot from each other, they had a mask on and I guess they thought that that was ok. But still you you want to maintain at
least some distance so at least I try.
9 30
You know.
no.
Yeah. Do you do the the order online and then pick up at the store for the
groceries?
Have
you started having uh I don't mean to over talk you but I'm sorry. Have you started seeing limited supplies of certain things like wipes and you know?
And
yeah, they started here just this past week in the Lexington area, they've started limiting like you can only get two rows of the toilet paper or two boxes of Kleenex. They've started limiting the supplies again. Um
I was working in the san Francisco area from the first week in March up to the end of april, right when all this stuff was going on there, everything was closed and when I saw you can buy in and everything was out of stock. Even so grocery stores that were open, everything was out, no toilet paper, nothing. I saw a man walking out of a trader joe's. He had a like a 28 roll of toilet paper with a case of bureaus top of it. See everything was even
the beer was in short supply. So he had the biggest smile on his face. He got the two things he really wanted. So it was
the the, even like the Mcdonald's because the only restaurants that are open then we're the ones will drive through. The Mcdonalds stopped having the egg biscuits or anything with egg because they couldn't get eggs, the hotels I was saying and then they didn't have breakfast and they said even if they did have could have them uh they couldn't get supplies. You know there was no eggs, orange juice, no one could get orange juice. It's just yeah, no supplies.
And
you know the quality of the eggs too,
I think more people now are doing that because they've learned their lesson, you know? Um.
effective industry is really high. So um uh hopefully um by june it will be available for everyone. If
not there's than someone's because they're saying that um
most likely because they're each one is different and it attracts the virus in a different way. It may be better for people like frontline workers
to take like three different ones instead of only one.
Apparently
um because the way each company is trying to attack the virus is going from a different perspective, either the antibodies or different parts of the virus that are there tricking or our own antibodies into attacking just those specific parts of the coronavirus. Um It's just really interesting when you here, the way that they talk about the methodology that used to create the the the vaccines and how they wanted to have an effect on the virus and each one of them is different. The people in europe you hear about hear them talk, they're doing it from a different perspective,
china's
doing
it from
they're supposed
to
Yeah, the sport normally it would take three years but because everything's been rushed um
like Pfizer, the
vaccine
that they say is so effective. They created over 500 million vials of the vaccine like three months ago.
No,
each company, I don't know that the different companies are combining. I think each company is doing their own trials. Um,
yeah, we just have to wait and see how it works out. I think now that there is going to be a different administration and the rules are going to be more science based than political based. Um they will get, they'll be the ones to know what is the best thing to do because that would be
hopefully,
you know, that they'll pick the best people that is that we look at it from a scientific base rather than political base. Um,
I
mean there's a thing in the news this morning, the governor michigan had the person that the current administration has ahead of the task force who
is
But yeah, he was because she was telling wanting to do a mandated mask, he was saying that that was foolish and you know, there's no, no reason at all to do that. It was, you know, how can you do that and to be the person in charge of supposed to contain the virus and you don't want people to wear a mask.
So
So
this
is
what
you do
not want
to do. Yeah. Don't, don't vote for somebody who thinks this way. Yeah.
Well
um the way that I have, because my nephews, my sisters, well let me get my sister's oldest son, his daughter, she's 13, she's staying here and through the holidays and I told her that I know that she doesn't really realize this yet, but she's going to get to grow up and threw her high school years with a female vice president, not only female vice president, but somebody of african and indian descent. And she's her her background is european and African so she can relate to the the lady that will be vice president. So
it's going to be after she realizes the significance of it is going to be very impactful for her. So
I'm very
happy.
I
just
hope
it can recover at least some. Um
Thank you.
Well
I think if they would change the voting to a each vote counts uh instead of Electoral College. I mean I had
conversation
with someone last
during
the last election about from new Zealand trying to, trying to ask me how can she lose and still she got 3.5 million votes more and she still lost. How does that work? So I had to explain or try to explain the Electoral College, which I don't fully understand myself all the legalities and background
of it.
They
need to do stunting I'm not sure but they need to do something. I know some of the states maine is one of them that if one person wins like one county or one district they get the electronic votes from that district instead of the entire state. So
they
Um But I just think the popular vote would be but then people complain that California and texas and new york will have far more influence than Kansas. Yeah.
we have a family member that lives in Georgia and she's 19. She wasn't gonna go vote. I said you need to go vote, your vote's going to count,
your vote's going to count more than
mine
does
here in Kentucky. She voted yeah. And
she voted for biden. Which she went to register the lady of the court when she gave her the cards just, oh honey, are you sure this is what you want to do? Didn't
you fill this out wrong?
I told
her
it's illegal for
somebody
at the courts to say this to you. And she said, well, she didn't want to make a big
deal about it, but she just left like it was and the lady ran it and she did get registered.
Um so the people, they're actively try to dissuade people from
registering either independent or democrat. Uh so
people
there are throwing a fit. Uh the girl I'm telling you about, which is my uh
grand nieces here now. It's her sister. Her boyfriend's mother called their their state representative yelling on the phone at him about these people are living biden in Georgia. You know that something is wrong but they need to fix it. That's what she told me that they need to fix it. You know, there's no way that biden would win Georgia. So
it
was people down there are but this is out in the country,
there isn't
in the city, this isn't
in
Atlanta.
but
that's the same thing here we're in in the Luxton area where in any urban area is going to be more progressive and more liberal. You go in the country anywhere, you're going to see the trump signs. I mean, so
I was trying to explain to my friend in New Zealand the United States is like three countries, you have New England, you have the Center and then you have the West Coast, New England and the West Coast are pretty similar as far as
ideology,
less reliance on religion. But the center is very conservative, very religious, very protestant religion.
that's what I tell people I am too.
It's not
that I don't know
that there is,
but I don't know, you know, show me,
Yeah. Go get in
the whole
conversation with somebody who is a constitutionalist and as But they think that the founding fathers were christian and you start saying, no, they were deiced. You have to explain what the dentist is. They were more agnostic, but they did think there was a deity, but not the way the church says, there was a daddy, you
know, jesus, and, and this the founding fathers did not believe in all that some of them did, but not all of them thomas, jefferson, certainly not. That's what he put in separation of church and state. That was deliberate. So that's a whole other conversation that you probably don't don't want to get into. Uh I've learned through very bad disagreements with people to, you know, religion, politics aren't the best conversations I have even
with family. Uh
we have some family members that we don't talk to because they liked trump so much. Uh
It's it's really that bad.
So
the
big like 16 ft by eight ft biden sign your head in your front yard that
So they didn't see it. It wasn't on the evening news with somebody in in your area that like biden.
Well
here out in the country more towards Louisville on one of the farms, somebody had to buy and sign up at night. Somebody set it on fire. So and they, because it was so far the house was so far away from the road they saw somebody get out of the truck and set it on fire. But the cameras couldn't pick up close enough to who it was or they couldn't pick up the license number off the truck but they didn't actually film and gave the film to the police but they still
don't know who it was.
I
mean
Yeah.
All
and it could just spend a couple of young boys just trying to play you know play a prank. Um
But what's like in in san Francisco in the area? Nobody would put up a trump sign. I mean you would be ostracized in the neighborhood if you did. There are trump supporters there but they're not going to advertise the fact that they are. So I mean I support people whatever they want to, whatever party they want to support. But I mean don't be stupid about it. I mean don't support somebody that is
so backwards and
just says so many
arrogant and hateful things.
at least for four years. Yeah and Kamala Harris, she's young enough that
and brilliant enough that she's
probably going to have a long career.
Hopefully.
Uh Anyway a we've
been on well at least 25 we've we've done the 25 minutes, so that was good. Um
you too, it's been a pleasure meeting you.