Mhm. Hi, how are you?
That's all right.
Is it that iced tea? Yeah. Hi.
Good. My name is Adrian. Um This is my second
chat survey.
Cool.
All
I
was
supposed
normal in yesterday.
was supposed
to
happen
yesterday and they didn't show up.
It was funny.
it's
all
Mhm.
Um I am a process engineer. I'm in Durham north Carolina and I work in an in vitro diagnostics company.
Yeah. I've only been there for about a year now though, so still feel pretty new there.
It's
it's nuts. It's just completely nuts. There's so much going up and uh not only like physically but the housing market here is just ridiculous. Um Yeah, so I moved in our north to take this job and it was really tricky to find a place to live, but we did it.
I'm originally from Ohio. Have you been in Kentucky your whole life but
Um Northeastern Ohio. Not quite toward Cleveland but you know within driving distance of Cleveland um Yeah sandusky area. Are you familiar with Sandusky
point?
Yeah. My husband's from Cincinnati Ohio, so we'll be driving there for the holidays hopefully, you know, barring you know anything thinking so I guess you can't totally plan on anything anymore. Yeah.
Oh okay.
We actually take 74 so usually we go up, West Virginia and we kind of cut so
I don't
think
I ever
surprisingly that's you know that's the fastest route for us
but
and
do you know when that happened?
Yeah. When did
when did they put?
That's right,
So
So
or
wait.
I hope so. I don't know like we don't usually get that down here but
last couple of christmases haven't been um
it snowed after christmas when we visited but um not before it seems like we haven't gotten the white christmas but yeah
yeah we're not visiting my side of the family this year. Um There's just too many logistic factors involved with Covid so we won't be going to Northern Ohio we'll just be going to Cincinnati. Yeah hopefully it
is
come
on.
You know?
So do you have do you have a lot of family or um just a really large social group?
No.
my
So it's Covid been really hard for you?
for
here,
that's the tricky part. Right. It's just, you don't know what other people are going to do or where they are and what, you know what their philosophy is just
it's
tricky. I went to, we just started going back out to grocery stores like we hadn't from, let's see, March until probably september late september I think I like started to go back out, you know to places that were, you know, masks are required and typically it's been fine. But I made the mistake of going out like the busiest hour like right after I guess maybe church had let out or something. I don't always in the middle of the day yesterday and it was like there was no way to keep distance and so I like grabbed the two things that I absolutely needed and I just jet out because it was really crowded. But yeah,
mental test now.
Everyone's got to play mental
illness and it's really exhausting mentally and emotionally.
No,
we we were doing um insta cart for a while um and we were pretty stocked up on just about everything so we don't have to shop more than like maybe once a month at this point. So we have been going in um a few times now
to grab things.
Not really, no. Um there was one time that I went into a store and like they, you know my big thing this season is pomegranates. I really, I'm a big pomegranate. That's like my favorite thing. Like every, every fall I I'm getting excited to have a bunch of pomegranates and I'm not the only one I guess because they're always sold out when I go, so that's like the only thing that I haven't been able to easily get, but that's pretty difficult. We've been really lucky, I mean, I think in january I had like a year's worth of toilet paper on hand before all this, it's just how I shop is like bulk
shopper.
Mhm.
Look,
I heard the eggs were really hard to get for a little bit there.
yeah, we didn't have that personally, but we, you know, the other thing I was going to say is we have chickens, so we weren't we weren't ever too scared about, you know, not having eggs,
we feel like our eggs.
yeah, yeah, they're pretty good. Um But yeah, we we must have gotten really lucky. I don't think, I don't think we were shopping often enough to to you know need things every single week. Um We have a pretty stocked pantry usually and I guess we're pretty flexible about what we eat too so that helps. Yeah.
It's gonna be so interesting to see how people cope with these habits moving forward beyond 2021 hopefully. But I'm really excited about the vaccine. Have you heard about the Pfizer and Moderna? Those are founding results.
I hope so.
Yeah.
You know,
is it possible? Is it like a good idea to do that? Are they are they doing um These are
trials were doing well?
Do
they have
to run,
do they have to run like large scale safety studies like with
multiple
they're supposed to? Okay.
Mhm.
Good
work.
But do they have trials going on where people are taking two different types of vaccines yet? Because that's that's what
I wonder.
I don't know that health care workers are going to be allowed to take, you know?
Oh yeah, I agree
with you.
Oh yeah, I'm I'm there with you, I'm a trained biochemist and that's I'm right there, you know?
I'm
I
want no.
it's it's nice. It's
been the leadership on this has just been ridiculous like, I don't know. Why don't I tell my kids someday about
weird time like
with
no
one
perfect
anyone.
nuts. Right. My I have a son, he's two years old and every week or so. I'll get a little note like this is what you're doing this week, this is what life is like and you know it's been months now where I've just been like I wonder how you're going to read this in the future because it's been
a wild ride for us.
What?
I
worry
about the impact that's already been made. It just like the how low things have gotten over this last four years. It's like are
we ever
going
to do?
It's just it shouldn't be normal, we shouldn't have this.
It's like a normal state of our leadership. It's
easy.
Well what do you
call them? Company?
Both
please.
I mean
it's been it's been however many years that we've had that and the world has changed, our country has changed. But the other thing I would like to see is ranked voting. I think that might be a good and I said I
haven't.
I
have another. Yeah.
I mean bottom line, you know, every every voice should count and to some degree we shouldn't, we, we have to protect the minority regardless of what that means or you know who that we have to hear all the voices. Um but yeah, it is a little messed up that it can be so close and have much of an impact for so many people.
All
Did
you do
it
girl?
No,
it isn't
that
it's
not
illegal.
What?
One
that's
Poor people of Georgia. She's gonna get harassed for the next month. It's
good.
yeah,
From
balls.
this,
where's,
there's
plenty
of everywhere. I think that, I mean it does not take me, I'm in Durham, so, you know, a pretty blue bubble, but I don't have to drive more than five minutes to see major big maga lines
and you know,
Is that the scary divide? That's not a good divide to be having? Um
What's
that? They are hell.
Yeah, I'm, I'm agnostic. I don't have any particular religion.
It
makes
uncomfortable
levels.
Yeah. It makes me really uncomfortable when we start talking religion and politics because my understanding is like, hey, those are supposed to be separate. I thought that was like one of the primary tenets of our,
that's
what?
What?
What?
family. Oh my gosh.
Well
I have two brothers that I suspect are you voted for trump? But we just, we really intentionally don't go there. I think there's an unset agreement we've had, we've touched on it very, you know, but we've kept it super super uh superficial and not gotten
into
it.
Well I live in a different state than the entire rest of my family. So luckily it's not a
well my parents voted biden and they had a biden sign in their yard but they're they're in a rural area in Ohio my dad was was quick to take the sign down like right on Election Day because he was worried about, you know, retaliation and what might happen and I think it was a good call from him, you
know?
Well
I'll be the first to say. I see now. I've seen plenty of, of vandalism, of signs on both ends. It's, you know, I just don't think cool, no matter what, no matter what your beliefs. Um but
I will
tell you a story before I have to go here. I hear my toddler crying. Um uh
my friend um, she works on a farm in rural Ohio and the farm owner um is a biden supporter and had a biden sign in his front and it kept getting stolen. He'd put one out, it gets stolen, he'd get another one, put it out, get stolen. And he finally, it's a horse farm and so he finally put electric wiring like to
shop horses around. It didn't get stolen. I don't know if anyone got shocked, but. Mhm.
Yeah.
What
its
appearance?
I just like don't even believe it. I'm glad. I'm hoping we're at the end of an era for sure.
What
from?
I hope
so. Yeah.
All
thanks for traveling with you. Have a good
youtube. Bye bye.