Hello?
Hi, what's your name?
What what was it
Brett? I'm taylor.
It's also nice to meet you
in Alabama.
What? You know,
That's a lot further. What time is it there?
What time is it there
like in the afternoon? Really? It is 4:00 here. Okay.
Yeah.
It is actually very warm. It's in the 70s today.
Knowing where do you work?
Mm that's fine. This is my mhm. I am a student in
college now.
Nursing. Yeah, I should graduate in May.
Thank you. I'm excited to be done.
it really is. But yeah. So how old are you?
Okay? Do you have any kids?
No, just chilling. That's fine. Have you lived in Alaska? Your whole life Putin.
My dad was also in the military. Yeah.
Army. He retired When I was in 8th grade. So it was like 2013.
I think
they will.
Yeah, he, that's like the same with me. He graduated uh fort Rucker. And so um, I go to school and Troy I don't know if you know where that is? Do
mm hmm. Where have you been?
Yeah. Yeah, she was like in southern Alabama. So it's like two or three hours from like the mobile area. Yeah, I've lived here For a while. My dad was a pilot. So we've actually lived here like three times my
boots
or
Oh yeah, for sure. Um yeah, so I've lived here and fort polk Louisiana and Fort Campbell Kentucky.
Yeah, my parents actually lived in cooler places, but I do not get to you get those. Um they lived in Turkey for a while actually like yeah, right after he joined. So I'm kind of jealous of that. That would have been cool.
Did you ever live like overseas?
Did you?
Yeah, definitely were like where do you want to go?
All
Yeah. That's crazy. I took spanish in high school too, but I remember any of it,
especially
living somewhere where it's used commonly. Have you ever traveled anywhere like other than the United States?
Really? Where have you gone?
hmm.
That's crazy. I, yeah, I really have not gone anywhere other, like I've gone to the pomace on like a cruise before, Which was fun. But I was supposed to go to London and Paris this past May for study abroad. It was like a 10 day study abroad trip. And then the pandemic happened and I know and it got rescheduled to next May and they just canceled it like a month ago. So
and
this is actually a problem
with,
would have been really cool.
I don't know. Um, I was really excited for London and paris. Um, I would love to go to like Japan and china. Just guys. I think it would be like very culturally different and would be really cool to experience that. Um, that wasn't like, that was another study abroad opportunities. Almost had like this past spring break, they had a trip to china. Um, that was like really cheap and I almost signed up for it and then like the pandemic hit like right around that time or everything started closing around that time and I didn't get to sign up for it thankfully because I didn't lose any money. But
so
I know and I do want to, I just want to travel like all of europe, honestly like um England and spain Germany, like all those places
and Yes.
We're jealous. I can't wait to do some traveling. I gotta save some money first.
wow,
that's awesome. How? Um I'm sorry. I don't know what's going on my computer. Okay. How long did you like, like stay when you traveled?
When?
Mm hmm. That's
Where did you go to school
in Alaska?
Yes.
huh.
I
mean
Yeah. How long have you been doing it again?
I was like five years after I was born. Mhm. Um Yeah, but I'm supposed to graduate in May and I am very excited actually start working.
No,
no.
I know it is. I've definitely thought about doing travel nursing, but you have to have like a year of experience before you can do it. Um But I don't really know where I'm going to go after I graduated. I don't really want to stay in this area or in Alabama for that matter. Um I thought about going to Nashville but we'll see
why now but myself to figure out like what exactly I want to do.
are
you?
Next semester we do like a precept worship like for our last mustard internship and I'm precept arranged in a labor and delivery unit. Um So if I like it then I will try and get a job in that, but if I don't then I'll have to figure it out. So so many options. So.
Yeah. That definitely is nice. He's a four month off of work to do whatever.
Yeah, definitely. I definitely thought about doing that and I probably will. And there's so many options for travel nursing. Like you can just travel like in one specific state if you want to like you don't have to travel like all over the country if you don't want to. Which is pretty cool. And I just found that out of the semester so maybe that's something to look into. It pays very well so definitely something to consider at least. Yeah.
And I would have fun. Um I don't know I really just hang out with friends and watch tv. There's not a lot to do in Troy. It's a very small southern town. So we had like we had the only form of entertainment we really had was a movie theater and it just closed. Um So there's not a lot to do around here but I just hang out with a lot of people and that's about it. I do a lot of schools so I don't really have like downtime to do other things as it is
and uh
it does keep you busy, but sometimes that's a bad thing because I get retired. Do you play any instruments? Were you playing like the guitar when it started?
Well,
I mean,
well.
Yeah, I play the piano actually, so yeah, it's fun. I have one back home, it's like a keyboard but has weighted keys, so it's kind of a yeah,
country,
like a grand piano. They're beautiful and like baby grands. I just think they sound so pretty.
Yeah, the one we have is really nice. It does sound like a piano, like a real piano. Um It has like the weighted keys, so it definitely has like the same feel. Which
is, yeah, I started taking piano lessons when I was like eight I think.
And
no, no. Um I took piano lessons for probably like three or four years until I was like 12 probably. And then we moved here. So I was taking lessons when we lived at Fort Campbell in Tennessee. And then we moved to Fort Rucker and I got a new teacher and I did not like her at all. Just very mean. And so I just quiet and I like I just learned on my own. Like I would pull up like videos and learn that way. So yeah and my brother never took lessons but he's like better at piano than I am. Yeah a little frustrating but is funny.
Yeah that's how he is. So he like bought an electric guitar at an estate sale and like learned how to play it and then sold it. And I was like what? But yeah. How long have you played the guitar?
I try to learn how to play the guitar but I cannot do it like I don't know like I couldn't my hands aren't big enough. I feel like
100
I don't know that
I bought a UKulele though and I learned how to play that instead.
Kind of it's a lot smaller but.
Mhm. That's
true. Yeah. Um mm What have you been doing today? Yeah.
Modern
species.
Hello?
Mm I'm
sorry I don't know why I just said that.
Okay.
I don't want to break you want to talk to a stranger.
Yeah that's that's how I feel honestly.
Yeah. Yeah. Well that sounds like an eventful day. I haven't done very much today either. I went to class this morning and then I reviewed a test that I didn't do very well on. Um And then I got back here
and I've just been hanging out today, I need to study because I have to test next week before thanksgiving
but hopefully those go
yes um we get out next friday so I'll probably go home that weekend and then we have the week off
and then we technically don't come back um after thanksgiving break because of the pandemic stuff and they're trying to limit our
thank you. Yeah. Um so we do like all of our finals online but I probably will come back up Detroit and take them here and study here and stuff.
Yeah definitely. Well like I love being with my family but like they always want to do something when I'm home so I don't really have a lot of downtime to study which like I don't mind like I love to go do stuff with them but sometimes I'm like I really need to study this stuff so it's sometimes easier to just be here and focus well.
Yeah.
Does all your family live in Alaska?
Words.
That's awesome.
Yeah. Well that's, that's kind of fun though. Let's have some gross. We actually almost moved to Alaska from Fort Campbell if we got the option to go to Alabama or Alaska. My mom hates like cold weather and snow and she was like, no, we're absolutely not going to Alaska and me and my brother like begged her because we were like would be so cool. But here we are in Alabama, so. Mhm.
Mm hmm. Okay. That's crazy. How long do your winters, like when do they usually start and end
you out?
That's
correct.
I mean,
yeah, that's like completely opposite here. Like we have hot weather all the time
in
our wards, so humid here too. So like we literally have hot weather from probably like March until november And then it's not even ever cold like he gets to like down to the 50s maybe like the 40s during the day and then it goes right back up so it's always pretty. Yeah. Pretty warm.
Yeah. No I hate it too, that's why I don't want to stay here miserable, like I wanted to be cold, I'd love to be somewhere where it was like and we actually had seasons, we don't ever have like a fall, like a true fall or spring, like the trees never change color, like nothing. It literally everything goes from like being green, just like being dead and then it comes back.
Yeah my like our family is actually from Missouri um So we usually spend holidays with them and it usually snows there around christmas time. Like if we're lucky it'll snow on thanksgiving like during that week but usually starts snowing there in december january. So I do at least get to see snow occasionally
and my hat's just trying to knock everything off my desk, but it actually snowed here in troy like three years ago, It was like January 2018, like very little like this much snow on the ground. But we were so excited they cancelled school. We had like a snow party. Yeah, it was crazy because it hasn't snowed since and before that and it's really snowed at all. That's a rare occasion for us. No.
Oh yeah, it's a big event. People don't know how to drive this snow. And I feel like I mean I'm not kidding, like I think that day there was like multiple people who like wreck their cars. And so because they try to like drive to the store and they would like literally just slide off the road. It's a big event bullshit.
Yeah. Like the last time it snowed in this area it was like 2000 11.
Yeah. And then it's not in 2018 and that had that sense hasn't gotten hold enough these past couple winters to snow again. Maybe we'll be lucky this year. But I doubt it. I don't think so. Great. I know it's crazy. I would love to visit Alaska. That looks beautiful,
you know?
Yeah, it looks beautiful. Do you ever see like the northern Lights and stuff we're open
doing
So how much like night time do you get in the winter or like daylight I guess I should
say.
Crazy.
That's
one.
Yeah. That's wild. That's pretty cool. We don't have that here. Not at all. I thought the sun going down at like I think it's been going down like 4:45. That's been killing me. I've got I've gotten very tired like the sun goes down and it's ready for bed. Yeah. Um Yeah
I can imagine having that much nighttime.
not enough daylight.
We're
does it ever get warm enough to like swim? Like do you have like pools?
Alright nor fools. I mean I guess something sense like how hot does it get in the summertime?
It's possible it is like consistently in like the high 90s here in the summer.
Yeah I agree. I didn't like it at all. And sometimes even into like the hundreds.
I don't like july and august are miserable like I don't even like to be outside at all horrible. I gotta grab my cat, she's like trying to climb behind my tv
that you're crazy, adopted her like a year ago. You know she has a lot of personality. She's a sweetheart, but she's crazy.
Yeah. Oh yeah, she does. She likes to do her own thing. She don't like to be told now. Do you have any pets?
that's
What kind of dog was it
bring?
Thank
you.
That's so funny. We used to have a dog like my family, we had a Brittany spaniel and we had to put him down like a year and a half years like two summers ago.
Yeah, he was just he was old. Stop. Yeah. I don't know what her out go on sean to bite me, but
I think we did two. I'm not really sure how we're supposed to hang this thing out there. We're supposed to just exit out.
Cool. Well, it was really nice to meet you.
You too. All right. Have a good day at work.
Boom.
Thank you. Bye.