Uh huh. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. And
hello?
I'm Brett
Brett
nice to meet you.
Where are you located?
No
I'm in Alaska. Yeah.
What's that?
It's just before one,
Yeah.
Uh I imagine it's warm there.
It was snowing on my way to work this morning.
I work for the ferry system so I work on a ship but like right now we're just in the shipyard so I have a whole bunch of free time. Mhm.
All
Where were you studying?
Congratulations.
I can imagine. Um Have a crazy time to get into health care.
39
nope.
Uh No my dad was in the military when I was a kid so we spent a lot of time moving around but I spent a lot of time up here and then uh he got out right before I went to high school. So I went to high school in Alaska and I went to college back east and came back and I've been in Alaska more or less my whole adult life.
what service?
Well.
Okay. Yeah, same same for me, eighth grade. My dad,
it was not 2013.
Like I've been to like the coastal areas of Alabama, that's my only Alabama experience
mobile. And then I've like driven through a couple of times along the, along with like southern coast, you know like a little bit between florida Mississippi.
I'm
gonna say there's
a lot of like helicopter training happens,
it's all in the south.
Yeah. Turkey is high on my list of places that I wouldn't really love to go. Yeah.
Would I?
I I didn't never live overseas before I work for the ferry system. I worked on a research ship uh for the Navy actually. And so we would go all over the world, but it's different to like see some place just, uh, you know, just like kind of passing through as opposed to living there. Uh, something I'd really like to do is live in a foreign country for a while.
I mean I will go anywhere. I'd like to live somewhere. I feel like a spanish speaking country would be good because then I could really actually learn spanish and have a chance of actually. I mean, it's something I took Russian when I was in high school because I lived in
Alaska and you know, there's Russian up here and, but then it's all gone because I never use it.
But I mean, I feel like if you need to use it a little bit, you kind of retain it or at least have a better chance. I don't
know.
Yes, I've done a lot of traveling.
Uh, let's say, Um
Canada Australia all over europe um Antarctica. Uh Cape Town United. Arab Emirates japan, the Philippines, china, briefly Singapore whole bunch like all our Korea several times. Yeah.
Uh We just like an hour ago I got an email, like everything's going, I mean everywhere, but like the case, the number of covid cases in Alaska just like gone through the roof. Alaska is like a pretty red state. Like
there's a lot of like rednecks here and like everybody's just like it doesn't matter, like we're not scared and now it's like oh I c U beds are filling up and like we have to do something thanks.
Yeah, so it's a little bit frustrating that this is, you know, totally
something we're creating. Mhm. But whatever. Yeah, I was supposed to go to europe this summer also, but that obviously didn't happen. Uh Friends in Germany, the Netherlands and Switzerland and I was going to go visit them kind of hang out whatever kick around europe for a while, but yeah,
yeah. Where would you, where would you go if you were going to go somewhere?
Crazy.
Yeah, that's a bar.
europe
is awesome, I love it over there. Yeah,
you can live pretty cheap if you're, I mean, you know, you're not like staying at fancy hotels, like you can live in your like pretty affordably. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
I did, God, right after college I spent a month and a half just backpacking around europe Ireland the UK, then it was like March, that's still kind of cold in europe. So I went down to Italy went all over Italy France, Monaco, you know, bummed around kind of the mediterranean there, which was great. Um
I think that was about five or six weeks total. It kind of depends, you know, depends on what I'm doing, where I'm going.
But yeah,
I went to a maritime academy um
in massachusetts. Yeah,
it's like a
yeah, my degree is in marine transportation, so uh you come out it's like going to
embry
riddle or one of the aviation schools, so you come out with a four year degree and then licenses officer to work on merchant ships. Um So yeah, like sort of the nautical equivalent of being an airline pilot for me. Yeah, it's not bad.
I graduated in 2003. Yeah.
Um Yeah, I mean you can go anywhere as a nurse, like that's a friend of mine, she actually was, she got sick of sailing and I don't know, it's been a few years now, but she was kind of you know would alternate sailing and going to nursing school and
she's a nurse now does
uh she's working at the jail for a while and now she's traveling they're saying she just kind of you know has her house in Anchorage and then you know goes somewhere for three months or whatever and maybe take some time off in between us. They like like the job portability is incredible.
I mean you can go like literally anywhere
specializing. I
mean
it seems pretty easy to switch like you could yeah do something and you're like oh this isn't my thing, I could you know go do something else. Yeah.
Yeah that's like the if I was going to go back to school that's something I would consider. Like I don't know if I would be that good at dealing with people that I don't know like I mean that's like really a pretty intimate like job I met a like part of me is like a little bit like cringe. But like it's like well it's just like anything if you do it enough you probably get used to it you know you get good at it. Um But the job portability is amazing you know? That's that was the thing I like the research ships. I would work a four month rotation so I work four months on the ship and then I have four months off which was awesome when I was you know like in my twenties and like didn't have any responsibilities and it's just like whatever you know? But you know like four months is a long time to be gone. Yeah but then you have four months, you can do literally anything.
Yeah so I mean like the travel nursing thing is like pretty cool because you can go. It's not like you know you're stuck on a ship for four months. Your dad you know you're at least like living somewhere.
So what do you do for fun when you're not going to school? Are you are you allowed to have fun? Probably not.
Yeah. That's
that is something I don't miss about school.
I
played
the guitar a little bit and I've been trying to pick up piano again. I took lessons when I was a kid and
then kind of let that fall by the wayside. I'm trying to pick that up. But that's kind of hard because you have to have a piano which I have one home but when I'm at work. Yeah.
They're like they're really nice now. I mean I can't believe, I mean I don't know why you would need a real piano anymore. I mean it's nice to have a real
one. But
yeah, I mean I don't know when I was a kid, like the keyboards we had were absolutely terrible. Like the new ones are much better.
We lost.
Have you
stuck with it the whole time? Okay.
That's my sister is like that she picks things up and gets very good at them very quickly and I hate you.
Um I started in high school um and I just, you know, it's an easy thing to keep around so I, you know, I've had a guitar for a long time but I don't play that much. You know, I took lessons briefly in high school but haven't, you know haven't in a long time
you can get a guitar with a smaller fretboard like they make
them different sizes so that, you know, people with smaller hands don't have to.
It's a thing.
Yeah. Same thing.
Third less strings.
No.
I had a meeting this morning with the shipyard because you're doing a bunch of work on the ship. Um Mhm. Then I sat in like checked emails and a whole bunch of stuff. Like the governor came out with this whole like, we're actually going to take the virus seriously all of a sudden.
So I'm trying
to like start through, I don't know what that means like. So I'm not I live in Anchorage but I'm in ketchikan. Um The uh Yeah, like I'm not sure if I'm going to get to go home and like, I'm supposed to go down to Washington after I get off the ship in a week and a half. Just in time for thanksgiving um to, you know, hang out with my parents and my sister
brother in law.
Well,
that's all right, but like, I don't know if I'm gonna get to go home. So I've just been a lot of emails flying around, like nothing particularly exciting. Mhm. So
I'm staying with friends here and so just like kind of on lunch break right now, hanging out. Yeah.
Mhm. Why not?
Um Yeah, I don't know. It's just usually like these shipyard days are pretty slow and uh you know, just not a lot happening, but all of a sudden days gone kind of crazy, but you know, whatever
and
clear.
I gotta go spend thanksgiving with your family.
There are nice
exposure.
It's just less distractions.
Yeah, that's uh that makes sense. Mhm.
Yeah.
Uh They did. I'm the last one left. Uh Yeah, my sister went to college in Oregon and she stayed, she got a job in Portland after she graduated and still lives there and then my dad retired. God one year has been a few years ago now, but my mom got sick of the winters in Alaska and uh it was like we have to go somewhere else, so after dad retired they moved down, my mom's from Washington State originally and so they moved down to Washington, build a house down there, so they were all in the pacific northwest now, so it's not terrible, it's easy
to get down there, but yeah
and the last one left, my cousin actually just moved up here, she's in the Air Force and got stationed in Anchorage. So now I have you know random family in Anchorage all of a sudden.
Alaska is great. I mean I love it, it's just like the winters are long you know if you don't like cold weather it's I mean it's been snowing, it's not snowing here but it's been snowing in Anchorage for several weeks already.
Uh It snows sometime in october um Usually
it snows sometimes like the middle of october and it like kind of you know get a couple of snow, it'll snow and melt you know it warms up a little bit in range but we usually have snow on the ground by Halloween
like
we're good and then it'll snow into april like it starts warming up in March. But then you you know like april april
is definitely, it's winter in the beginning of april and then it's like getting to be spring by the by the end of april.
all the
time.
Yeah. Yeah. See that like we never lived well we lived in Hawaii for two years when I was a kid, but we never like Hawaii doesn't get very hot or be in the 80s but it doesn't really go above that. Um But you know it's like back east in Alaska bunch, you know it's like seasons and like that, all that hot weather, like I like that's it's oppressive to me. I hate it.
Have you spent any time, have you gone somewhere for a real winter? Like if you spent any time in the snow?
That's cool,
is everything just shut down.
I mean like how often does that happen like every few years or?
Okay, that's a while,
It's and like I've never people that live here either love it or hate it. Um
But I've never met anybody that's come here on vacation and not absolutely loved it, gorgeous.
Um more in the winter it gets, you know, so the days get really long in the summer and then really short in the winter and so
it's just not dark enough in the summer to see them. Um But yeah, you get like cold clear nights, you'll frequently see the northern lines
in
in like the end of december, like near the solstice. Like the sun will come up at like 9 30 it goes back down at like three in the afternoon. Like we're down to about six hours a day. Like today
in
the summer it's you know, just it's reversed, you know, it's the sun sets it like 11:30 PM and comes back
up like 3:00 AM and it never really like it technically sets, but it never really gets dark, like you don't need the headlights on your car. Uh huh. It's like, it's like dusk, you know like it's dark funds below the horizon but it's not dark.
Yeah.
It's uh it drain is hard. Like a lot of people struggle with it. Um you know, you end up sleeping a lot and it's kind of dragging a lot. I don't know. That's like that's why my parents left, you know like mom is just sick of like, you know, this is ridiculous. What?
Yeah. Yeah, it's cold and dark and you don't do anything outside. Like a lot of people are like it's too cold. I'm not gonna do anything outside and then
they're pretty miserable.
Yeah, they're all inside though.
Don't get into the 70s and occasionally an Anchorage, we'll get up into the 80s occasionally. Yeah.
Yeah, that's too much.
That's, yeah, I don't function like that. Yeah.
Just knock it over.
mm. Yes that's the trouble.
Uh I had a dog, she died two years ago now which is a bummer but you know I'll
get another one at some point but it's difficult with my schedule for work you know being gone frequently. So
she was a mutt.
Um Ridgeback boxer was kind of the leading theory as to her origins. Yeah she's
good she
had a lot of personality too and didn't like being told now. Yeah
that sucks.
Well I think we uh think we hit our 25 minutes.
I think you just close the window or that that tab.
It was good talking to you as well.
Thanks good luck
with the rest of your school