Base
I'm good. How about you?
What's your name?
Christine. Nice to meet you. I'm Isha
I'm in California. What about you?
Nice. Nice. So how's your day going?
Oh yeah. So what? You're three
hours had? So yeah,
there. Yeah.
Honey.
Done for the day. Nice. So what do you do?
I'm a student right now, but I'm in economics. I'm hoping to get into like financial technology and some
kind of security so similar to what you're doing a little bit.
Well
Yeah. Changes so fast now.
Everything.
And
That's
what
I'm looking into it. Well, I don't know if I'm too young to be doing that, but I
think
Mexico who are looking for, I'm applying to jobs right now. I like I'm and I'm thinking like I wonder what I'll fall into that might determine the course of my career. Like
that's true. Some people say three years but like it really?
Oh wow. It's not even interview, just like a yeah,
they
happened.
But
because
you
know and you don't know how to stop them in
the future.
Yeah. Yeah. You don't know what like where to fix like
we're
I think so.
That's crazy.
It
is.
I
know
what's your
what's
your view and ethical hacking to find those kinds of things out?
Your protection,
that's cool. That's one thing
I'm
looking
into buying
into it. Yeah.
What?
I've
been hearing about that like the amazon web services model like everyone is using that one,
so.
that's
true.
Do you think getting government would pay for it as well or is it just private sector?
that's been talked about many, many times
by many people.
All
it
does. I
gotta,
Didn't
connect
with people like in person just so you feel like you're not just talking about work and sending 30 emails to them every day.
It's
we haven't seen anything being a lot of like home improvement stuff.
No.
good on you girl and your
kids
do whatever color they want like.
that's fair. Like I live right now I have at home I usually I'm like I've been doing my undergrad, so right now I usually I would be in Canada doing my undergrad but right now I'm back in the States. Um I grew up with my sister and I sharing a room with my grandparents, live at home with us as well, so we only have three rooms so I was sharing. And until I left the room did not change, it was this really at least striped pattern with like this thing around the top of the room, it was like not fun, but I got so used to it, I was like whatever, and I when I moved out my parents were like okay Mr was like I want to paint it and my parents like okay, fine now I'll let you do like of course
you let
her
do.
It's.
All
if
you're just sharing, that's one thing. But like having to like have people just walk through it and now it's not.
group.
Even just even bad not being disturbed is better than
like when people walking in and out,
thanks.
it's great. Um I go to, I go to school in british Columbia, so very much like the, like the climate here as well, it's just like, you know, a bit colder, it's no like five days a year and then it's really raining, which I like the rain, so it's pretty nice.
Yeah, it's
recommended all license. That's a beautiful british Columbia and I'm like, yeah, that's true. It's
Yeah, it also sometimes it's funny to see like uh like I live in a big city, it's in Vancouver, so uh it's very similar to new york in some ways. Sometimes you don't even know it America, then sometimes you're like, oh this is a very distinctly Canadian thing, so it's interesting that way
standing.
No.
yeah, yeah, I would agree.
yeah, it's just about priorities in life. Like I can't do not only because I know that like a kind of job, if I think about teaching in Saudi Arabia, I would just think, oh no, what about job security
like, like that?
Here
I
think
it is legal. Yeah, it just became like like yeah,
The
philosophy. I I get the logic behind it, I just don't know how very difficult to enforce in a
First
of all
that.
passport
Take it really seriously it seems
like.
I'm here from europe.
I've
I can imagine, I mean I've experienced a little bit, I'm experiencing right now. Actually my passport with the I. R. S. And I'm not a U. S. Citizen and McCain citizens, my iron my passport is expired as they still have it going to review. I don't have any idea because all the idea expired because it's such a passport. So I'm actually going to the cane consulate uh next week to get a temporary passport. So it's almost exactly two if you're talking about like if something happens, you go to the consulate.
At
least
I'm bleeding. I'm so glad I'm clean
what
was here.
But
having
minor
kid and employing different country, wow.
Here.
Now people
people
like the creation. Yeah.
Well
you
can't
help it sometimes
or even if you can't help, but sometimes you gotta make a decision. You have to make, you just have to do what needs to be done.
Yeah.
My sister for that game.
No.
You
know,
it's
difficult. I got it.
She gets it logically,
but she's like, it's just so hard to like, you know, I get them when you're a kid especially even if you don't have any issues or if you do, but like focusing on that when you when all you want to do you like
I have
of like looking at a computer listening teacher, lecture to me and then I was gonna go play with my friends.
Going to be a while
robot
in there though, robots will be there and hopefully soon she gets to go and you know, see your friends in real life.
Think,
because people
it's
irresponsible
in the school's part like I know they want, they know they want with us for the kids
and
That's
like
a three person,
but
you know, you got to keep them safe over and everything else. Like if they follow your behind in schools, okay. Because everyone else in the entire world is a year behind in school.
Three.
at least
now
for some time,
Not at the same time, at least that'll be, that'll be
very.
bit
earlier. Major cities in California. Like I'm like halfway between san Diego and it's pretty hard hit my sister, she's in high school right now. She does like a hybrid system. So like monday Tuesday Wednesday and on monday Tuesday thursday she's online school and then Wednesday friday she goes for the day but she has to stay in one classroom, has to wash her hands every like our clean off her own desk before.
all the time and they had one case recently but school is pretty big so they said that they're gonna every like every class that student was in, all those kids will stay home, but the other ones will continue to
go and
otherwise
I just wish they had committed to being online and just taken a year off and saved everyone, you know,
having
they did to be
fair, they did give instruction to to do either hybrid or online. And then at some, you know, they're allowed to do a lot to take hybrid online anytime. But if you opt for online to begin with, then it's better quality than if you switched online because the case is rising so
I
don't
You're
that's
the kind of support.
They
mean it. Yeah.
Especially because every person with autism is like completely different. He said you
need that live,
you
know?
I'm bored.
All
Even
more bored that way. But Yeah.
All
That is,
They there's not enough people in this to be able to keep track of all this and they're
like
I
especially
because that's literally her in the entirety of her job is to handle this.
What
is
it? Yeah.
It's a lot of weird things happening. Like I read a story recently like it was yesterday uh student who in the hospital I believe and her teacher she couldn't turn her camera because you know, she had like an I. V. Tube and it's kind of disturbing. She would see on camera and she's uncomfortable. It was 13 years old and her parents were very strict. They just thought the teacher was always right. Teacher said no you have to turn the camera no matter what otherwise you might be distracted jittery camera. And he got And then she was like, she was 13 year old kid like posting on the Internet saying what do I do now? Because the teachers mad and hurt so mad at me. It was just like, it's yeah,
that is I think group
a violation. Probably
Is it really the best thing for this kid education is?
No,
I
had,
that's
how ridiculous. I don't even, I haven't heard that story before, but that's ridiculous.
Do
it.
Why?
and to complain about it because that's, that's like,
especially with everything, people start unplugging wrapped up in everything, people right now, all the, you know, all the hoops parents have to go through to get their kids like on track, make sure they're not distracted, make sure they're still meeting and everything. It's like you're gonna make, you're gonna kick a kid out of class because he had, oh my God, it's so frustrating and I'm not even, I'm like I'm an undergrad and I don't have to deal with it anymore and it's so frustrating to me because it's so ridiculous.
I
exploit
one,
That's their private business.
Like
I'm not, I mean
I support gun control, but like that's their private
business.
My best
friend
in California has done
like,
that's
good.
Yeah. If someone had a poster on the wall, could you say that advertising something bad or whatever? Like,
Yeah, it's,
it's, it's
completely,
that's private. As long as it's not brought into the school,
That's cool.
But
Anyway, even
if it
really, really, really bothered, they could just say, hey, next time, please just make sure your cameras facing a different direction, why you nuclear on that.
But
I'm together.
I just
want
you to be like, you know, sitting still in your bedroom, whatever at your desk. That's the,
especially
like if that was, that was last school year, right, when people were getting acclimated to it, at least extend some grace during that time and then maybe that happens, you know, this year when everyone knows, you know it's gonna be online, here's a protocol, then you get a little bit more strict about
that.
It's a whole new can of worms that we're dealing with, like
every,
it's
over,
But
and even if you like, how old was this kid saying this kind of stuff?
I mean
that's true,
it
was
Jason
I think
Stern maybe.
I would hope at least like I if there are any teachers that are acting in a not correct way, I would hope that they now get outed because everyone's learning from home. But
I also
very
surprised
and he would act that way when he knows their parents. That could
How does
he have that much? Like, like he's so brazen about it, Like he's like,
yeah, I'm gonna do
nothing.
I agree.
I'm not.
I think, I think it's going to change, it might change for good in some ways.
They might
option for kids to either learn from home and learn from school. Same teachers. Like I, I feel bad a lot, like I feel really bad for older teachers because the classroom then they are at higher risk of getting really sick if they get, if they get covid
and they
try to, you know, learn all these, you know, newfangled zoom technologies. Some of us have trouble
trying to usually get there because we're like, you know, our work and everything relies on it. But it's hard to like learn those things
like if that's, if a flexible thing, you know, if if it becomes better for them because flexibility than Yeah. So
Yeah. And I just, what's the office chit chat like you were saying with your meeting the co worker
like that?
What
great.
What you
can
in
the country?
No.
Yeah. You get when you go out, take full advantage of like being out.
I love santa fred, I love making banana bread.
Room.
Fruit.
Just
saying like, give you patient and when we'll have chocolate and bread, that's that's all.
The
gluten free is not getting better. I have noticed that.
Oh, I've been I've heard about them before. Everyone talks about it like they
love
Well,
my ankle
like a different sort almost when when the whole gluten people thinking that they were gluten free um They didn't have celiac, like when that whole thing happened, I was like, you guys like if you're not celiac haven't been tested by dr you can eat gluten and you're fine. But on the other hand, it did create a lot more products. So,
you know, it
works.
I mean,
well,
you can do today.
All
pumpkin pie is good. Like I was
You could just have a like a sign vegetarians. I I don't know what I'm talking exactly, but you could just have the turkey without stuffing I guess if you really
No.
Mhm. Much better. They used to be yeah.
what?
And are at the bottom at least like they list the common allergy at the bottom. You have to go read the entire
list.
Multi
excrement
and
all this stuff.
What?
Were times baby.
I don't know. I'm surprised
at how many
soy in them actually
like
Okay. That's because limit a lot of things. But so
all
You know,
cashew
milk?
So good. I cash
are the best alternate milk.
I'm good for you. Take a hormonal thing I think.
I
should look is really easy. Like the first time I actually, because I like took some cashews and and some water for just one other thing. You just put in a blender and make it yourself. You can do that.
Like for me trader joes, like that's one of things I really messed with us when I'm in Canada as traders
was love
it.
But
thank
you.
pretty
frightening.
Yes, the far
you
know.
never do sales. So their prices are really good. Yeah,
production.
We're,
Okay.
I
have a friend who knows.
very
serious. Mhm.
Department powers are suffering right now. I mean,
it's
a long time coming.
Yeah, tourism industry has gone a fair bit down. I was actually like I had recently had an assignment for my when I classes like investment theory, it was like a correlation between two and between like you know to stocks and I was like a community to industry's gonna do like airlines and hotels and I did like the correlation between airlines, stock prices and hotel stock prices at the top. We need any category before covid. They were like it was 0.5. It was like a pretty good correlation. You can tell it's one direction and then when you include the data from after Covid happening. Well this is up significantly like you, they both went down like a fair bit and like at the same time.
It is.
But
for
a better tomorrow.
my grandparents, they are, they are citizens. So they were like, tell me who should I vote for that? They're gonna vote democrat for like essential stuff there. Like tell me what to do, what what should I vote for? Like these propositions? And there's like, like city council so that like a problem. I'll research it. I'll get back to you. Here's how you vote. Like here's what you think. This is what you accomplish your voting this way. And then like okay, we'll do this. I'm like, okay, at least I convinced two people to vote.
No,
there are definitely not
neither.
Bernie Warren and I like those two candidates better, but they're not perfect either.
But
looked so young when he started and then at the end of it he's like graying
hair.
Yeah, he did older
by car,
but
I think
of
stress.
I don't want to know the nuclear codes, whatever they can,
they can have that in their brain and let it, you know.
I don't
know.
Can
use
cross.
it is, it absolutely is getting
Oh man, that's so cute.
Likewise.
thank you. You
too.
And it was good meeting you. I mean
this
is a bit weird. I think I was like if you have met a normal life I would say, hey we should connect up Lincoln or something. But you know, it was good meeting you good talking to you
should the best.