Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Oh of course. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Oh
yeah. Hi, how are you?
Good.
My name is Krista,
nice to meet you. What part of the country are you from?
I'm in pennsylvania
good. It's almost it's winding down.
eight
Yeah, it's eight
it's eight. It's pretty uh it's been it's been a day, that's what I'm ready
for. The tomorrow's my day off of work. So on Other than an hour I have to do because I have an audit that I have to chair a meeting at like 8:30 and then I'm don
I do cybersecurity. Yeah,
that's
no, I I in college I did um management information systems and then I kind of fell into it sort of by an
internship and that's usually how it works. You know, you fall into it the right opportunity at the right time and and ended up doing that for a while and then left right after I had my kids and did something, did did something. I took a leap of faith and went to the government world thinking, well maybe it'll be worth a shot. Fell into where I am now. So it's usually the byproduct of, you know, it's a lot and it's, it's so changing. It's just mind blowing. Um,
this
is stuff from
five years ago and I'm like, I got to spend like I want to spend over with fall and winter, you know, things are kind of slowing down. Like look into doing a certification in AWS or Azure because
it
would
no,
no,
well and that's and it's, you know, it seems like a good opportunity. My rule of thumb was always at least do it for a year because job hopping is not, you have to balance it too much is not a good thing.
that's no, and that's, I think it's one of your early, it's a little different. I think sometimes you know you jump into Junior saying, you know, you kind of as you move up the ladder, but then you know like I've been in the same, I just transitioned, I was in a role for five years and I just transitioned in february, March is too was a lateral position that um the lady had retired and they didn't post it and I asked if I could have it and they gave it to me, so I was like,
no,
I just got it, but but I you know, it's one of those I have to put the leg work in and I you know spend a lot of time with her, like I spent it would have been the winner of no no 99919 yeah with her and learning stuff and of course, even still now, like what we did some of the stuff they're getting rid of, which is fine. I get it now.
It's the cloud is like the thing and it's such a novel, you'd be it's mind blowing. I mean, just and I'm learning just from you watch what others, this isn't what you should do. Like, we're auditing this system that have an audit team that's finishing up tomorrow. Yeah, it's a mess and it's, but it's interesting because it's kind of like, I'm going to use this as a model of not that they did it intentionally because I don't believe that, but I think it's just when you have a lack of knowledge, you just don't do certain things. And unfortunately those aren't always good things that can be consequences. Like if you don't an example, like if you have an intrusion. So like somebody and I'm not saying people knock on your door all the times, you know, that's not what I mean, but like a legitimate potentially somebody got in or hacked
in and then you have no logs to support that, that's a problem. And
how long
were they there?
No,
And you don't know what else they are.
I
don't know if you do you remember the target hack that happened
years ago? Well, they got in on an h back system and they sat there
and they sat there and they sat there and they sat there for like a year until they got the right somehow got enough information that they were able, what they called a laterally move inside. That's crazy. But it
happens,
but it
happens,
it's
to
him.
Um I don't do, so I'm not, my background is not, I've taken courses in um insiders, right, um, threat, what's the word
Throughout management, there's different, there's companies that do that, that's their job and actually, I think it would be kind of need to work for a company like that because
it
does
seem
interesting.
I've and I've done a lot of auditing,
but it's a lot of um related to government standards and the federal government, but it applies in private. Many of them use the same model um like amazon Microsoft and a lot of those also sell to the government as
well as private sector. So the same.
So true. And it's
and you know, there's pluses and minuses. I think um you know, my own personal perspective, I prefer as your only because of what I've seen, but maybe that's only because I've been exposed to it a certain way, if that makes sense, because what I've seen has been done poorly for AWS because it is not necessarily amazon, it's like the people that are doing the management that we're paying, that makes sense. It's not them, it's the other people who, I don't know if they, you know, I'm still figuring this out because it's, I don't know. Yeah, so I'm trying to get myself smart on, but yeah, I want to take a class. Um Sands Institute is, I don't know if you've heard of them, they're a big company, they offer actually master's programs, but they're big into cybersecurity and their trainings are extremely pricey. I'm not like 7K for a But many companies will pay for it. You have, you
know,
I would never do this on my own because I'm not going to pay $7,000. That's insane.
No, no, absolutely. Government does pay for it. I get one a year. I'll probably have to do it from home because because I was supposed to go to Orlando like in March, of course, Covid killed everything. That's another topic for another day.
absolutely,
no, and you're right, and it's it's but you know, the prospect of like, I've even thought like I get I've got, If you work for the government, you have to do like minimum pensions like 20, 20 years in. I got 10, so I've got 10 to go. So I'm hoping by then my kids will be out of school. And yeah, I can move and do or like, you know
what a remote, remote jobs I've been working from home for the most part since february. And you can kind of, you, I mean, it has its downsides, don't get me wrong, it has its
downsides
if you're used
to going to socializing with people and going, you know, that's hard because like, I actually went with a friend, I haven't seen him in six months and we share an office and I was like, hey, let's just meet for lunch because he lives in the same town as the base, so let's just meet for a quick lunch, because I was like, I just want to see how you talk to how you doing, you know, you're your your wife, your dog, you know, just, just
to kind
of see,
And I just want
to say, just say, hey, how's it going? And you know how how's um because he was telling me his wife was changing jobs like right before Covid started and his house and he has a year old yorkie, and I said, well how's the dog doing? You know, and just, you know, and he's been doing stuff on his house, like a lot of because he likes to work and I said, well what are you doing on your house? And you know, just because like he's had time, you know, what projects are you working on? You know, to?
Yeah, and that's we did we're not in a room for my daughter and a bathroom and then she so we did that over, we finished
like mitt and I july and then she moved in and then we're going to my son's remains work, so it just it needs repainted it, so the carpet's gonna get taken out, we're gonna put can he need in with allergies and stuff is just better put vinyl look with luxury vinyl. This really looks would it's not what? Because wood has higher maintenance. So we're going to do that. It does and it does and repaint and he picked up like orange and red walls so that'll be really with
the
size,
like what an orange, so it's not the same weight.
well you
have
two
people in the room, You had one person, so it's easier to move one person stuff than to my sister. And I shared a room growing
up till we, there was help my we moved into the house my dad grew up in, when I was in like eighth grade, we had
moved areas like from the area I grew up in and they had to put do some work to like at a wall. It was like an old dining room that they made in like a bedroom because it was in a weird place. So they had to put a whoa up because obviously because it connected the garage to the living room, so they had to build a hall because you don't want them walking right through the room as you're like, that doesn't work very well as your sleep now, especially as a teenager, like the privacy thing, that would be non
existent,
And especially at that age would be really And my my dad was always an early bird, like 5:30 AM or 60's up and I'm not so I would that would have and keep doing his exercises like
exercises every morning. So I was like, I could not deal with that being woken up because you're walking, he's walking in and out, you know, doing stuff. And I was like, and I got used to it with the whole, it wasn't so bad, but if he was in and out, I couldn't sleep. But who could with constant noi um
Every
Yeah, that's interesting. You go to school,
you like school in Canada has to be different than here.
I've never been to british Columbia. That's one place I'd love to get to some day.
I would
it's yeah, it's a different um it's a different world. I mean even Canadians I know are even different. I've spent some time in Canada on and off you just traveling. It's different, you know and it's it's there's a different mentality.
Yeah. It is it is interesting, they they have a different philosophy. Um I spent I was
stuck in an airport with uh strangely this like for work I was supposed to go to boston and I ended up stuck in Dulles for like I can't even, it was some storm or I didn't get into boston to like to I am. But anyway, they were the guy,
they were, One was Canadian one was from Ireland or Scotland, but they were teaching in Saudi Arabia and it was really interesting like this their life perspective, I was like, I think I learned more about two people in a lifetime in that time because it was just fascinating. Like the, I was just like wow and I'm like how do you do that? You know what I said, because it's such a, you know, and I said it was just wow, I was like and it's it's lovely to travel and to see things, but obviously that's you know, some places are not as easily traveled than others, but I was just like wow. But it's interesting because their point of views on things are um very not different. I mean I guess it depends on where you stand politically and philosophy, philosophical, I'm
fine with that, I'm very liberal, but that's you know that it's Yeah, and it's and it's very interesting because it was just it was like, you know, you you learn a lot about people and it's just like, wow,
well and that's in
well they taught at the american University and I don't remember the set up by the one of the Saudi princes, but they still is still a process, like, you know, they're they're limited where like, you know, now they were married, but even still they were limited, the rules still apply. She can't just go and driving now I
think is legal I think for women, I think they just
changed
that.
But she said it was quite even for them to leave the country like they had, they showed me this visa, they opened their passport and this huge piece of paper and that, you know, of course, as an Arabic, but the guy basically said in a nutshell, like if you owe money to somebody, they won't let you leave, which I was like wow, they said, or what will happen is if people have something will have to sell something to pay it off or you know, unless unless they give you permission because it's basically they don't want people running out of the country and a whole bunch of money to people and just thinking they can come and go and then you know, and they have no way to get it back. Which again that makes sense
logically.
well and they have to get approval. They said it's a whole process to even leave, You have to apply, it's a whole they have to have this paper
and
it has to
have and I said well what happens if the paper because it's stapled like inside this their
book, right? And I said what happens? Like if it fell out? I don't know. And they said well they have there's this whole process they have to go through like you can't just be like, hey I'm back. Like they, you know, I don't know if it means they have to go to consulate and ask for assistance
what
they do and that's what I said. And I would imagine that you know things happen, I would imagine if they went to an embassy somewhere that they would have an electronic copy of it that they could just print out for them because things happen. I mean you could have your stuff stolen. I mean somebody could steal your purse and you've got everybody's passports in it and then God forbid we do and you're in another country. I mean You know and you know it's you know both because they were coming to a training seminar in Boston the guys and they're both for I mean they're both connect one Canadian and one is you know from
but yeah different, you know what do you do? But I was like I
couldn't imagine I could
yeah and it's it's interesting because like you know obviously if you come back here to work you've got to go
through
the whole
well and that's it and
here's
you can go And you're not stuck. Um I had a professor so I went to training would have been, it would have been this spring of 19 I went and he was from Canada and his girlfriend lived in texas and he said they were he
was having an issue because he was trying to get no he has a right to work here but he's like, he had a house because he was going through a divorce, he lived in Ottawa and he was trying to work out, you know, I mean logistically because he has a minor child in any way, but he said it's just they were trying to figure out how they're going to make this work because
like did
she
well, and he said she's like, do i does she move here? Do we go there, do we? And you know, she still has a mom in Canada that, you
know, there's some relationship with, so what do you do? And I was like, wow, I would have never thought about that.
But
it's complicated,
but it is it's complicated. You don't mean
it to be, but it is it's
it's
an
no
well and that's and and that's yeah, as
you know, as as a parent, that's the same logic that, you know, my own kids, you have to make decisions. That sometimes like my daughter was mad at me tonight because I made her study and she likes to play roadblocks, which is some online game thing.
And I was like, you haven't you a quiz tomorrow, that's important,
not the game. And I get and it's hard because they're home, they're
both doing cyber school full time this
year
because of Covid
and I but I, you know, I get you want to talk to your friends, but now if you know the quiz material, I'm okay with it, but you have to study because I said this isn't a game. And I said you're at a point, you know, and she gets it. It's hard because she's got a PhD. So she's kind of like, she's done by the end of the day, but I'm like, but it was, I literally made nine no cards. So it's not like, it was a lot
what?
Let's
talk to your friends. Yeah.
No, and I get it and I get it. It's, it's hard, but I wish, you know, I wish magically this would all go away, but it's not
well
and that's
no. And I'm hoping, you know, we'll see how school, you know, next year. I mean in pennsylvania and I don't know how it is in California, but they have cyber schools and we, I
took them out of the district we live in just because they're opening and closing because people get Covid, I think the district that I, that I finished school and I just, they just wrote in the news are closing for the rest of the month because another kid had Covid and I'm like this and my son is autistic and we can't, he needs consistency. Not, okay. We're open one week. We're not doing it. The district, we reside and didn't even have bus transportation the week before last because some of the bus stuff became into contact with some kids with head Covid. I mean,
this is not, it's
not
as a group
well
and there's,
it is
talking
and it's
tough.
Right? And that's, and I, and I think that's, that's, that's, you know, I don't agree
with how things are being handled. I mean, where I work, we're not opening. It will be next year. And there, I mean, based
on their criteria, they've defined the numbers have to be, Um, below 5% in a seven county area. What are the chances of that right now? zero. It
didn't happen. And you're
gonna have seven out of seven. So we've never even hit, I think we only ever hit five out of seven. Um All summer. So what's two more? You know, two more And it's like, that's impossible. That they
No,
no. And I mean because I've traveled, I travel for my job. Like I go to Tracy California periodically for for work and even the bases there. Yeah. And it's interesting because even there they're like, they sent them home way before it ever hit us because I think you guys got hit way sooner than we
did
get to wear masks. Uh huh.
That
makes sense. So because the chances of exposure are slim
to zero,
Did
they give people the option? Did they give parents the option?
All
Yeah. That's it's interesting because my daughter had had some friends in the old district we were in and she said they're online is a train wreck. Like it was a train wreck in the spring. And that's part of why we left was for that reason alone is because they don't. And it's one of when you're good at something, you excel
at
it. Like amazon is good. It's the same kind of logic. Like the school has been cyber for 20 years. They have it down to a science versus, we're just figuring this out. We have no idea what we're doing, right. But that's kind of what it feels like. And that was
my experience and my son was supposed to get, you know, speech therapy and he was in an autistic support class. Well, last year it was equivalent to wear your favorite hat. My son was, my kids are in sixth grade, my son's high
functioning
like this.
But
it was, it was almost like it was, he was dumbed down to a level of first grader and that's not where he functions so
correct,
right? He's
more like
a 3rd 4th grader. So he was very frustrated because he's like,
what mom, what I had.
And I still made him do the work because he needs something to do. You're not going to sit and do nothing so
regard
well. And it causes people to fight. Him and his sister would fight because you'd be bored. You have nothing better to do. But at least, you know, Yeah, It's a, it's a challenge. I don't know. I said, I'm, I mean, I'm grateful. I've made the decision that I made and enrolled them back in May, um, Before the tide. You know, because I said, The, this district said the school and had 8000 students across the state last
year have 16,000 this year.
That's insane. But, but you know, I honestly feel like he's getting a better education than he did where he was even before. Covid pre coded because I feel like the support and I know it sounds strange but the support is there like he has a special lead case worker and I had an issue with, he was moved like last week they moved to science class but which is fine. I don't have an issue with that. But they he's supposed to have modified who is this to? His E. P. His plan didn't have that. And I emailed the teacher three times over a week. She didn't respond once.
No,
but
my problem is apparent. Yeah. I have to go to a special case worker. Wasn't personal, but I'm like he's moved back. I'm not doing this because
it's it.
And I'm like, you know, I emailed you three times in a week. I don't think that's unreasonable. It was different issues. Like I was like, hey, because he got, he didn't get credit for this one live session. His teacher, he got moved back to ask me this morning. He's like, hey, what happened? And I said I happened to be checking in on him when he was that day because I asked him like, why did you get an f instead of
like the
participation?
Because I said I walked in, he was on it. I saw it with my own eyes and I'm like, what the heck? Why was he given a zero? That's a problem. That's not okay. Why you're not getting my child credit for school work?
but that's an invasion of privacy if you're in the hospital
and
well I'm given, given its if there's a parent, some other kid's parent on this, because then you draw conclusions because you hear stories, there was that kid that got suspended. It wasn, I think was in florida because he had a BB gun or something on the back. Well, and I was like, okay. Um,
well, and that doesn't even again, but it's, he's at home if you know, and we're not talking actual guns. If his parents had got him, that's a, as a present, that's between them and him. I don't understand. Again. How do you know, the parents not sitting right around out of eyesight? So I'm not understand. I'm like, I can't believe that they
actually would allow that to go through because they're like, well, that's
an
extension of the school district and he has guns in the classroom and I'm like,
okay, that's absurd.
It was, it was in the, it
was
in the news. It was, it was early in the covid, like I was, I might have been last school year, but I was just like how as a parent, I would, I would
put my mask on and go drive myself down there.
That's absurd.
Yeah. It's like you feel like, what country do you live in that people get a offended by? But again,
even if it
was, but
even if it was the, even if it was, the parents said they were going hunting that day, I mean, again, what business?
And
as long
And
I
do know,
I
do to 110%.
But
if, if it's, if this stuff is being properly supervised, who is, it's not my right to tell them how they can have what they can have in their house. It's not illegal, as long as I'm doing anything wrong and they're not it as long as they're you know, obviously it's you know if their kids playing around with it. Yeah.
I
could see that obviously if you know he was thinking I'm going to show everybody that's different. But no, not within the home because there's people that have you know family antiques that hang on the wall, they don't work. But that doesn't mean they don't have them. I mean you could have people that have something in their family,
Right. And it could have been a was given to them by somebody
and
you find
it offensive so why?
No correct. It's not
it's not
right. There's not nudity. It's not profane that where it's causing legitimate.
It doesn't
matter.
Well my daughter like, so during the school year she was in the bathroom brushing her teeth and her teacher got mad last school year and I was because she was like she ran out of time. She just it was it was innocent and she got like he he would have the kids go into like the separate zoom classroom. And I just said, you know I said but I can understand where he was coming from because I was trying to explain. I said the problem is you could have people in the bathroom for other reasons and I said they don't want to have something happening. It wasn't meant to hurt you. It's just because a lot of kids make poor choices, you
know and
you didn't think about it. But I understand where he's coming from because he could think, well what if you're in with somebody else that somebody else's and you're just brushing your teeth and they don't want to have something happened? I
said
that's
Or sitting someplace in the living
room.
Well
there was a kid that threatened, she told me my husband was actually working from home and he heard this, this kid made a threat on the zoom call. Like when I blow something, you know, basically saying something along those lines like terroristic threat. I don't think this kid had any comprehension. So he literally my husband said started yelling and made everybody go out and like going to the waiting room or whatever of the zoom room. And I was just like if it were me, I was disconnected and like peace out after that I'm done. But he's like well we have to call your parents and and I was just like,
well and I think here's the thing, the kid was probably bored. That's probably why he's making a stupid statement because kids like that what's number one everybody's home
and the schools are closed, You're not blowing up anything. He's just saying it to get attention. But the reality is is obviously
you
have to take what he says seriously because
there's kids that do stuff that's bad. Yeah,
5th grade. So 11 12, he's
old enough to know better and he and he wasn't
mentally challenged where you have to question his, did he understand right from wrong? Did he know what he was doing in this case? He absolutely did. It was more of it was I think
it
was a shock value because her teacher, I wasn't a big fan of and he even made a comment. My husband said I guess another parent independent of the situation had reported something to the principal and he's he kind of made, I'm not trying to yell at you guys, but I've heard him like I'd be walking down getting lunch because she would meet around 11 like one and I'm like why is he so loud? Like it was very,
it's almost aggressive like
the way he was talking and it was just like this isn't how you I just I'm surprised that he use the tone that he did because he talked in a very, very aggressive, not only aggressive but just very condescending
and condescending because why aren't you guys getting this and
well?
And that's and
that's
my hope,
right? They're home with their kids anyway working and
you
well
and that's
and and my husband, you know in hindsight what I have switched, I don't know like what I've changed, you know that's hard to say but what I know now he he just he blew my mind with, I've but now that's a plus is you know, now that if teachers don't cut it online and they're gone because a lot of school it's becoming, you know, um survival of the fittest in a way, you know, that you get good teachers that do, like even the special ed caseworker for my my both my kids, she taught in special english, she's got a dual, like a dual made or dual
specialty or whatever,
but she taught for seven years, she said physically and you know, for personal reasons, obviously she's teaching from home now and and I said, you know, it has to be different. I have a cousin that teaches for a stay at cyber school and has taught and her own kids went through it, she's been doing it for my, I mean my cousins are in their twenties, she's been doing it for years, probably 2015, 20 years, and she loves it. She said, I would never go back to a physical classroom. Like she said, I just she said it just um fits who I am. I, you know, she said it works well with, you know, her husband travels a lot, so they were able to be flexible so she can sometimes go with him, not all the time, but at times. And
I
think so.
absolutely,
absolutely.
it's
oh, it is and
no, it's a tough, it's a tough, it's a it's I've I've never been a big super soon fan myself, but I've gotten used to it and um you know, I'm okay with it now and it's just, it was one of those, it's the technology obviously doesn't scare me, it was just more of, I don't really want to do this um because it's just like, okay, I'd rather just call you, but but times you can't do that and
and
I do, and I miss that, and that's the piece that and I think and that's like because I have to go into work once in a while because there's a couple of things I can't do from home, I have to go next week, and I was like maybe I'll just email my friend again and just be like, hey, let's just do lunch real quick. Let's just find a place that, you know, that
has like we went from
Mexico because usually mexican food is pretty fast,
Yeah, and we and
I said
let's
do something or just get it, maybe take it back because you know, if it's like Diego sitting there, there's a park in the town and
just go just, you know, get out of the house and
oh I do. And it's it seems weird like tomorrow is my day off, and there's like and it sounds like I'm gonna go get stuff to make um chocolate banana bread tomorrow, and
we'll have to make gluten free because I have celiac. But I I'm like, there's a new grocery store, opening world close, tomorrow is the opening day, and I have like some coupons,
and I was like, oh, well, maybe because I'm like,
I have the time and I'm not in a rush. So because my kids are fine by themselves for a while, they're old enough. I said, you know, I'm not that far away, they have a phone, they can call me if there's an emergency, you know, they're
12.
Well, that's right. And I was like, because I don't have like I have to go buy some almond bleached flour, I'm bleached almond flour and I don't have some of this stuff. So I was like all right, well, manual go that and all need to get some of this stuff, there's cheaper like
the big,
it's a lot better from than what it used to be. It's there's a grocery store here, that's a chain that's in the Northeast um Cold Wegmans. But they have like
they
are and that's where we shop and they're they're glowing street section is literally like several aisles which you don't find anywhere
most places,
it's just a section or two or here and there. Um
It did,
it's
a plus and I have a wheat allergy to that. I didn't, you know, so it's like either way I'm kind of it's a moot point, you know, and it runs in my family, so it's not like it's, my sister has it. So it's like it's funny my parents don't, but it's like, you know what we used to have for holiday, thanksgiving is completely
different because
it's like,
well because it's
just like, it's not like they used to have stuffing, well that's, we're not having that and making it with gluten free bread is kind of expensive, so we just won't do it and he knows what you really need it. I'm like, I'd rather have like my mom made a gluten free pumpkin pie, was like, I'd rather have that honestly than stuffing.
right, I'd rather have that than because I won't make it myself because nobody else related here and my husband won't eat it, so I was like, I'd rather eat that than stuffing, which
well and it's yeah,
I mean and that's usually what we have is just turkey and we'll have like some sweet potatoes and um you know, and I've bounced back, I've been some I've done some vegetarian for a while, like I bounced back and forth with what my aunt vegan um has been for years, and it's important, you know what, when you have a lot of food allergies, that makes it tough because I have other food allergies, and it's just like uh but you know, the the choices now are so much better,
and the labeling even just like, because I'll read the back and I think, oh, that has to be okay. Oh no,
it's not,
well,
europe's better, like,
europe's way
better than we
are.
But yeah, but it is, it's nice because I'll flip it over and I'm like, oh, that looks because sometimes it is okay, you don't always
know. And I look at it and I'll be like, contained like, like just uh like an egg salad. I was looking at had wheat in it. Why would you do that?
I have no idea, but that makes no sense. Why would you put wheat and egg salad? Who does that?
Thank
you.
They
do soy when soy doesn't bother me. I'm good with soy but
no, no soy I'm good with. I don't like I
don't eat tons of it because I tend to like I like typically like if I have milk, it's cashew or almond milk, soy.
Too much bothers. Like
I just give
me
I love cash in.
no, I like it better just because I've noticed if I have too much so I get a headache, like it's just I don't know if it's just the chemicals they say and too much, so they say it's not good for you.
That's what I well that's what I said, if you're female, especially they said too much soy. Um It's not because it does something like you said with your hormones, it's not healthy. Um So I
was like,
it's not, it is, it's very easy. My aunt makes her own and she she and it's um and it's inexpensive and it lasts forever comparatively. Like you know, almond milk last week's versus you know some milk you buy and it's like gone in five days and I'm like, this is a waste of money.
What?
Well,
I think
they're actually, I think they're going to be putting one in here. They don't have the closest one to where I live is up for penn
State
University is which is like an
hour and
a half. Uh huh.
I'm not driving
up there. I mean there's a whole
foods like 45 minutes from where I am. Um Which isn't too bad. But trader joes because I've traveled and I've been to them which I've loved it because I know there's some stuff I absolutely cannot have, but there are a lot more reasonable price usually.
Right? And that's why I said, you look at the prices
but there's a, there's a plot. I just literally saw it monday in the news
local, like the news website that had um, a specialty
grocers coming. And I was like, I
googled.
I know and I googled, I'm like, what's the average square footage of a trade shows? Which sounds so like, And it's like, this is a 12 was to say 12,500 square
foot.
And because it was an old department store, they leveled like before Covid like it was just leveled because it was abandoned and the property we needed torn out. So they,
Well and it was, this one had gone out of business in like 2017 I mean a while
ago. So
it was it was vacant but it was the area was, it was like the bill, it was starting to really show like it was becoming dangerous like the building because nobody was maintaining it so they ended up tearing it down and loving it. They were going to put a hotel. But I've noticed that disappear Like because hotels, I just read yesterday like they said 1/3 of them, they close by because nobody's traveling, which is
Well, I mean, I mean a bunch of the airlines, they've already laid off thousands, tens of thousands of people and I don't know, I don't know that it's likely they're going to get the assistance that they need with the idiots in Congress now. So unfortunately it is what it is. You
know
what it
is?
I'm praying two weeks man. Like I'm really, I'm, I'm hoping all the polls are right. I'm hoping because
No. And, and that's, that's the scary part is a lot of people are just, I think either some people aren't because, but it's like, yes. And there's issues with It might happy about the candidate. 100%. No, no. Do I like Kamala a lot. Absolutely. I think she's a phenomenal, um, they're not perfect.
Nobody's perfect. Well,
but I
just,
no. And, and they are, they want for the store, the area that the store, the populist that they would appeal to is limited. Unfortunately. No, with you, I think. Um, and biden probably won't last four years. I don't know, you know, with his health and age, it's hard to say, I hope, but his life, you know, it's one of those things when you're 77, let's do the math, What what you know, you know being given, he's been through the rounds already for eight years. It wears on you. I mean you look physically like when Barack
Obama from when he started 2088 physically
on
you.
Well, but it's
it's
age I think because you know,
it's there wearing the weight of the world on their shoulders in a way if
you
think about the things that they know absolutely the things they know that we thankfully don't have to know. You know, sometimes ignorance is bliss and not not you know, not knowing what you don't know isn't always a bad thing.
No.
Well and I mean I mean hopefully they you know, I don't know, hopefully two weeks, this is this is over. You know, there's an exit,
there's
an exit and there's a path to change in january and then I think we at least have hope of salvation, of something coming back from, and it
sounds
terrible,
but it's the truth. So it's the truth and it's just it's funny my kids actually want to watch the debate tonight. So I was like, what I want to encourage, I think it's a positive thing. So,
so, but it's funny, my son's like, I'm going to keep a note how many times trump interrupts. I said, well they're muting their, my experience will probably keep talking, but that's okay, keep talking, but who cares? Nobody can hear them. It doesn't matter. So
well anyway, it's been a good conversation with you. Um
but I want to wish you the best. I hope school goes well for you.
You
know?
Absolutely,
absolutely,
absolutely, absolutely