Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Oh
hello? Hello?
Yeah. Good away man.
I'll become
I can barely hear you while uh uh
huh.
Help engine.
go. Yeah.
Yeah I'm proud and I appreciate it man.
Yeah we'll probably what it is is that when you have like your headphones on on right, it's just a microphone on your computer that is like the output for the for the sound, you know?
But we have it like here, you know, it's very close by your mouth so it's perfect.
good man. Good man. What's your name though?
Jason? I'm Leonardo. Jason. Yeah.
You got
a nice to meet you mine.
I'm located in Delaware. What about you?
College
one year. Wonderful, wonderful responsible man
on election.
Not very.
What will
So you make the weather is good cost of living is high hunting which is referring how we probably kind of difficult mostly probably because of governmental restrictions. Ah It gets pretty hot sometimes you know and that actually leads to trouble which comes as well to like nature, you know with all the what he called it the fires you know that that uh
Like you are like you're like when you're grilling, you know and you you got the smoking. Yeah.
One.
That's awesome. So tell me more about yourself. What do you do for a living man?
Yeah. Which company are you working with them?
Program.
Mhm.
huh.
I understand that. You
don't know
what amendment
me. Uh Well, I'm actually mostly into the currency market um I don't know if you heard about it. Probably have you know you're into what she called into coding, you know writing codes and absolute guy kind of stuff. So your mind is like very I would say like very visually but mathematically driven so only you might know about it you know the forex market, the largest market in the world super liquid. You know I don't know how I think it's like about like 60 times the size of the stock market
wow. So it's like a lot of uh a lot of money is being moved around in that market you know and it's basically
we've got money you know like the euro against us order or the town against the U. S. Order and some you know. Oh
no.
well
there
there's like two values of it for the money here because the money here in the US. It's like related to production products that we have in here right? You know like overtime donor at the true value that he had like for example you're not that long ago like in the 19 Let's say 19 and 20s or something like that. Re compared to what you could do with a daughter. What what is it today? It's like the appreciation is like 80% of the values. Like people have an idea about it. What is crazy?
the thing which is when it comes to like the foreign market the value of the dollar. What it is is that the dollar is actually used mostly as a as a base currency you know to determine value of many things. Mostly because the U. S. Dollars, the only currency in the world that can be used to buy oil. Uh That's how real the money comes from. That's that's what gives like true value to the U. S. Dollar. You know? So people many, many people don't know that many people talk about that because they have a goal or what do you call it? A silver standard? So it's just paper. No it's not. It's like a oil standard. So certain other is that as well what it does is that uh is that the value? You know when when like right now the dollar is caring and depreciated in comparison to other currencies around the world. So you see like down like a dollar now like a euro is worth a like a lot more than just $1. Like the euro was around 1 10. But right now it's like almost at one A. So if you flip around if you say if you have euros into dollars, so it's better for example if you're working uh from spanish company in spain, you know, but you're looking less and they pay me in euros and when you do your exchange you're making a lot more than you are going to uh us offers, you know, same with the british pound. And I saw like historically about the british pound didn't join the euro because some certain you know things for one of them was that the british pounds has like this like kind of like royalty fell into it but that has like this filming of like a lot of like strong, it's very very strong. So it is one of the most valuable for instance, there are against the dollar, you know, it's like 1 30 right now again. And you know, it's just just like it's interesting because people think that that are super volatile but it can be, but it's not because while who is in this in this market losses just banks, the transaction with other banks overseas and companies apartment products and stuff in other in other countries. Like for example they say walmart usa wants to buy or needs to get some some dishes on the made in walmart china or something like that. Well we have to get the euros have to buy it again and again is transferred to US dollars
and bank. So you know the all that cycle, you know, because the the US bottled them all those young to be able to buy it in the market in china. That means that again is in that in that moment in time it's been you know demanded like a lot of people want the end, you know, what does that not surprise? Decision. Well what it is super civilian is that it's going to be what more valuable because going to be less of it. You know, It's going to be more more demand for less supply of it, you know? So it's like basic economics play like a big role in this market. Uh I I used to I would say that it took me like a bell five years to understand it. Um
I don't think you're thinking like about After those five years. I was like uh was like 64 months into like really start making money out of it.
So yeah, It's not these people they have to see this idea. Yeah. I'm going to become a day trader. You know, make a lot of money and you know, you can blow a lot,
you know, bullshit. I mean just that is bullshit. It's not like that, you know? But he's
Normally
no
name.
Yeah.
The
your
point.
No.
All right.
You know what this is Like what I say for the type of mind that you have, you know like your mind we will be very good at it because when you're looking at a chart, you're looking at what they call like camels, camels, you know, and you can handle some, you know, some red, some are green and so on. Some dread are down. We're going up and son. But they have like this mathematical like it's like an ordinary no algorithm at the world. That represents a graph like an indicator. It represents an indicator that gives an idea of where the market is head at that moment. That's what the market is going to go after, you know? Uh huh.
Well, that's the thing about it too you know like like for example how can I explain it, you know when you go to a casino right? And your ticket you know and say you you're playing blackjack you know the longer you play the higher chances, the house they're going to take all your money right? But it's not gonna be like you play you lose your place because if you lose like three or four times in a row in blackjack you're bringing this is not working, let's get out of here right get out of there and just save yourself some money. But they know that so they're gonna make sure that it's like a way for you to kind of like win sometimes and you're like oh yeah
I've never like my name is you lose one, you went to, you lose one you into and so on and then just like last last last last last last and your brain is like I want to go back to a pattern when I was winning. You know I don't interesting you know how we behave when it comes to like money you know and that was like you were saying your friends that are like uh like gamblers you know uh for me was gambling for a moment in time as well gambling uh history and the stock market in any market, you know what I mean? Any time like investment that you're doing now so and I was looking for that to you But he you know like I want to you know buy it at zero and goes to 2000.
it's not that hard, it's possible but you have to be lucky and you know what is the worst thing that could happen and
you're like new a day trading and happens like the second day because anything I can do this for the rest of my life.
that's what it is is like uh he just just fine because take the difference between that you know how to trade stocks as well because of the understanding of the charts indicators but I don't trade stocks, I don't like the stock market why people will live here. This guy is crazy because the stock market like it's mostly like a lot of like institutional investors and we said like as well as retail investors, you know like people that want to make more fun, right?
But
but it's it's well it's like very I would feel like believe driven you know and what is the belief that you want to happen? The stock market two things to go up because it's like the only way that at the beginning people were able to trade, you know, you spy and let a girl and then selling song. Um so you want to buy sell myself people that all day that's how they won is possible. But at the same time what it is is that the forex market allows you to want to actually profit when things are going down and things are going up. Now options became very popular in the stock market because options allow you to, you know trading this in economics, you know. Uh But but it's still man, you just said for me like the forex market is is easier to understand because I have a way to trade. Like if I'm a bank people don't fucking said, well actually if you put it together like who has the most money in the market, the forex market, it's just the banks and I'm like basically like a limited money. You know you're just like this little party and you know that there's like Tanya is like me but we're like millions around the world doing the same thing, looking at the same charge, looking the same indicators going the same way, you know trading right? So the bank has a way to see what is going on in the market. Before they do anything. They can see and say okay look right now they say the Australian against the US dollar, 70% of the market are going along. Which means that people are used to buying right? What do you think the bank is going to do? They're gonna because then I start taking all the money for them because they can cover all the cells with all the violin is happening you know? Mhm.
Slowly
so yes. Come with me.
Whoa.
You
look?
banana.
Yeah.
I don't like
them.
Three people
didn't work in dividends. Yeah. He buys, how how do you live in stance? That's what he does.
yeah. It's a point that you have like A million dollars even, you know, 1% of a million, you know, a lot of money that you can make 1% in like two minutes, you know? So yeah. Uh
You know,
Well mostly because when I graduated, uh I went to school for business management, I got with it, you know, I I think I couldn't find my car like a good job at all. It was just wasn't back in 2011. The economy what's not the best shape but a moment in time. So I said whatever, I'm good at tutoring, I was a tutoring my whole four years of schooling here. So I sent out with this company and private company for tutoring and I was a tutor private tutor. I worked with like the wealthiest kids in the area, you know, because those are all the ones that were, you know, also looking to have like a private tutor come to your house and work with your kids. You know, I did that, I did it, I did it and I started liking and I start getting, you know some traction some students you know on and I kind of decided to to to just get too dark could survive from it. So they didn't worry about it. Um, then after a while I just started like looking into into, you know, to trade and I can't remember why, you know, But I just was like curious about it, you know? Because I always had that the stupid feeling that I was like google ultra smart which not uh but I used to believe that I was like this game is mine, I'm not I'm just like anybody else, so the things that I would look into the market and I was learning about it and then I got into forex and I learned about it and you try options, I try stock so I try them. Oh I tried like everything man you can think of. So uh with that set up after a while they decided to stick with forks, you know because it's tough. Probably makes more sense now like now with the information that I know today it makes more sense for me and I feel more comfortable trading the market than and your
strength stuff. Yeah.
That.
Yeah. The thing I don't know what it's with paper on paper but it does just like they look at a rate for a few days. I don't know their policies policies in a specific, I'll have to really look into it. But what it is that they lock in a rate, they're probably looking a lower rate that is that is supposed to be for those days and at the same time they do take always a feed from it. What is like at 1%. That's what I notice that they always take one person So take 1% of water. I think you're doing the money you for like you or sent or whatever to take 1%. The only way they don't take money is when you receive it from like in our family to send you money or money. Like a friend of family, they take the fee from the money you send. So the family and friends don't get like everything is, you know, they discuss, you
know what they lived
through
money.
It's
like
the more critical and like the prolific that you mentioned on the website. Oh £10. And are you going to cash out? Oh $13. Nice. But
so yeah.
I'm
for
myself
if I go out like for example to like a restaurant or something or treat something like, you know, keep it probably prolific based money. That's it
more
relieving. Does it
speak
to
him?
You know,
you know, I have a nice
only happen
only have prolific for now. But tell me about the one you mentioned.
What
is
the name of you know
about it right
now?
The out
of you.
This coming right. It's
like
like the square.
You know what this up for me in the same town. This has been a lot like for yourself like spending money. Uh I like this all that we're doing now. This is actually my fourth fall that I've done,
can
do
six more.
What?
No.
People
Move
to
Britain
they
created.
Yeah. Yeah of course man, I really here talking to you bro.
Good. But you know
what time? Right?
I appreciate it. Thanks for the tip.
Get
up
man.