Hey,
how are you?
Good. I'm just
now. The world
Uh
Cycle changes.
Wait mm.
is this better?
those are my the ones I usually use for my phone, so when I connect them to a computer they don't always work. Great.
Could be, yep yep.
Yeah it's right next to you. Cool, how you doing?
Jason
to meet
you,
where you at?
I'm in sacramento
California.
so
I was right when we got on I was just saying I started a timer so we know exactly how much time we need.
Um Yeah no I I uh I like some things about about California a lot um Some things I don't like about California, I love the I mean the weather for the most part is pretty fantastic, although I really don't like really hot weather and it gets it gets you know I mean it got it was over 100 for multiple days this year for like multiple days in a row, like over a week in a row. So it's it gets hot in summer which I don't like. Um
But we get pretty mild winters, I mean it's pretty comfortable. Um I love being outdoors, I love hunting, fishing, hiking, stuff like that. Which we have some opportunities for some of those things that are pretty good, but hunting isn't isn't great in California. Uh So like my dad lives in Wyoming and that's like a marvelous spot to go to live if you're if you're a hunter. Um So yeah it's not a place but it's expensive so.
yeah our fires this year were out of control. I mean there was over a month where we didn't want to go outside at all, not only because it was hot but it was it was so smoky that you could taste it like when you went out of the house, you can taste the smoke. Oh.
Oh it was, it was just it was horrible. So I did not enjoy that time this year. We actually, we went and visited my dad this summer briefly and went to Yellowstone. And
of course the time that we went to Yellowstone, it was fully it was super smoky the whole time we went to the Grand Tetons and Yellowstone and there was smoke everywhere. I'm like, what the heck, I couldn't like get away, I couldn't get away from it. So yeah, it drove me crazy. Uh
I'm a I'm a software engineer, so I write, write software all day. Um
uh cox automotive. So it's one part of cox automotive, which is a big, big company. They own Kelley Blue Book, an auto trader and all sorts of companies like that. I work in a place called dealer track. We managed car titles. So like when you buy a car from the bank and uh the bank holds the title, we actually hold it on behalf of the bank. So
Both physical and electronic titles. So we have to interface with, you know, 24 different DMVs electronically uh
multiple. I mean thousands of lenders in different manners. Yes. Been here for Next year or next month will be 18 years. So a long, long time to be working uh for a single company when you're in technology especially. But uh
they've been they've been pretty good to me and I've been working from home since the beginning of March and we'll be doing so through at least july so uh that's good and bad. I like I like the ability to work from home, you know, it's nice but I miss all my buddies and stuff and being able to do some of the social things that work of just like going out to lunch and stuff like that and just the casual conversations. So um yeah,
that's
driven
me a little bit crazy. What do you do?
jeez.
I bet
is that stuff pretty volatile? Like I don't know how much
that stuff changes, you know, I mean, you see the stock market go up and down, but I never like, I have no idea when my money is worth less and you know, mhm
ruby,
so I have no idea.
yeah. Yeah, it's pretty bad.
She's
No, I bet.
First.
correct.
Yeah. I have like I have some buddies that do tons of day trading and it's funny to watch them because like one day they're like oh my gosh, I made $2000 today and the next day it's like oh my gosh, I lost $3000 today. But it's almost like a like a gambling addiction or
something, you know, it's like they're they're looking for that big hit even
though they're losing like as at least as much of the time as
they're winning. Um And I mean for me, I know that I don't know enough about it to like think that I'm going to beat the rest of the professionals that do this for a living.
Um So I, you know, I have like my 41 K. And I put it in like really low cost, you know mutual funds that I'm like okay, I'm just gonna leave it there. I
don't I'm not looking for some huge payday, I just wanted to be safe and make me money over the
long term
better than it would if I just put it in a savings account or something,
you know? So
so yeah, that's one of those things to wear, like I don't doubt that it takes you five years to learn that because that's there's way too many variables even to be uh it's too much, so, you know,
but you're looking for patterns maybe over time that you can take advantage of that, you're like, okay, this is pretty consistent, you know?
totally.
Right. Yeah, Yeah. It's hard to do.
What?
Right, you're like, look how good I am at this, I'm going to spend, I'm going to wage even more next time. Yeah.
ridiculous
chunks of money.
Uh huh.
That's crazy.
My it's funny to watch also just the psychology of stock market is like my dad had um you know he he had a stock option plan with his work and got a lot, he had a big chunk there and when we had one of the bigger crashes it like went way down
and he was like, oh I gotta I gotta sell and I'm like what are you talking about? You gotta sell. No, if you as soon as you sell when it's way low,
you've
just locked yourself into losses. Like you just like it and it was low enough to where I'm like, dude, it can't really go lower, don't touch that. Like you're doing exactly what every buyer in the world like. Yes, that guy selling. And it's a it's like a psychological thing to where they think they're like saving themselves by getting out and I'm like no, no no that's literally the worst time, like go ahead and buy more right now if you want to, but don't sell right now. Yeah. It's really it's really funny though because I think there's a lot of people that they see that and they're like I got to get out, it's crashing and it goes against common sense. But it's like this emotional thing that they're like I gotta get out now. And it's funny because I think I think people are getting more educated as one, you know my dad is 65 um and you know he never took a finance class in high school even you know, he didn't have the internet to go to, you know, it was it was very different era. So um it's interesting to to talk about that because man, they just and it's like my buddies that are day trading, they're doing it by, oh wow. Uh Tesla is coming out with something new and I'm like yeah but it's like so overvalued, it's crazy so stop
it. Um
So there's a there's just a lot of emotional reaction instead of something that like solidly makes sense. And then you see people like what's his name? Berkshire Hathaway guy, Warren Buffett. Mhm.
Who?
Yeah, he's a douche. Um But a lot of how he makes money is buying things that have big dividends like last year, I forget what it was, he made something like I'm
just
yeah and and it's like oh my gosh, that makes so much sense and I mean you have to have the money to be able to get that kind of dividend, but it's, he's in things like coca cola, you know, safe things that are never going away, you know? Uh Yeah, I'm gonna go get a can of coke right after this, you know, I mean it's just like he doesn't, he's made a ton of money, but it's never been like gambles, you know, he's always making money the smart way and um and of course that's it's easier to make a lot when you have a lot. Uh but
so it's pretty interesting. Well that's
that's that's cool. I don't think I've ever ever talked to anyone that does that, so that's that's pretty cool deal. How did you end up getting into that?
That's
It's funny you talking about the first time I think in my life that I've ever even thought about the conversion of money from one way or another is in prolific and watching like paypal swapping from from pounds to dollars and I'm like, hey, it's worth more
today and I I have no idea, you probably know a lot better what day to be trading or exchanging that, but for me, I'm like, I don't know, whatever it's at, I guess is what I'm going to exchange that. But it's funny, I've seen it go down and up just, you know, week to week, so.
very crazy.
They're
making,
they're making good money, I'm sure that uh
that's that's
pretty funny.
great.
I'm probably uh until recently I was totally clueless as to what the exchange rate even was and now I'm like, oh, it's about this much money and I'm totally right, like it's it's funny just, just being on here a little bit of time, it's it's interesting, it's an easy way to make some extra cash for for christmas, and we, you know, I've gotten into disc golf as a hobby recently, and it's like, oh, I can buy a bunch of stuff and not have it, I have to worry about it, a budget or anything, you know, this is, this is just like spending money that's unbudgeted, so that's
what
I
dig about.
There
you go,
it's funny, it's all that, it's all that extra money, I don't know if
you've
checked
it out, but D Scout is another cool place to make some extra cash,
I don't know if you've checked that one out, but
it's
cool. What was that?
the Scout is cool, because it's it's like app based, they've got an app, I mean they do have a website but you do everything on the app but it will have you like do a user study on things or They'll do a one on one interview but it will be way more than prolific, it'll be like 45 minutes. Make $60 or Uh an hour makes 75 stuff like that. That's that's much it's it's really nice so you ought to check that one out.
It's
just
D.
D.
Scout D. S. C. O. U. T. Um And I've I've me I've made Dude, I seriously have made like $900
on it,
it's D. S. C. O. U. T. D. Scout all one word. Um
you go.
That's
um it's yeah blue, yep, yep, that's it. And Mhm.
Mine too. It's
my
fourth,
They said they update to seven so that's good. So in this round this is the fourth one I've been assigned. The first three didn't show up the last the first three I did all showed up this round three narrow
didn't show up and then
you did, I'm like thank goodness because it's like jeez I'm just sitting there and it's like easy money, you're just sitting there doing nothing for like a dollar 50 but I'm like come on so I'm glad you showed up today. Um and they've all been like way easier than I expected, you know, you have no idea who's gonna be on the other side. I'm always like a little
nervous that it's gonna be like we're going to be like staring at each other, wondering
what
we're
gonna be talking about, you
know? So
I'm glad it's all been really easy, it's not like
so yeah, we're done. So
Thanks.
Check out Dieskau because it's seriously worth it. And uh
Have a good one. I'll
talk to you later
already,