Really?
So I really wait, were you waiting long?
Okay great. How have you been? How's your game?
Uh huh. Uh Sorry sorry my computer's like lagging. Let me
let me.
Okay. I think my wifi is like spotty right now because I couldn't hear you in the beginning. Yeah. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Okay.
No you know you're good. How is your day, where are
you looking at?
Oh las Vegas. I see I'm in Los Angeles right now. Yeah. How is your going to be so far?
What did it consist of?
Um really busy day at work? I hate those times.
Oh my gosh! Were you have are you having a response to about your emergencies or something?
Oh my gosh! That box. I just got off work too. But um I like it because during the pandemic it's been really chill like like because you're no one's here to watch you but like what my job like everyone has different responsibilities now and it's like more set so divided were divided equally I would say because like when I was in the office it's easy to just say oh can you like collaborate? I guess like when you need something you're like oh can you pick up on this so that I can like leave early to go to go home. But now since we're all at home and you know we all have a clear division of responsibility. That's like no one has an excuse like before I was like I need to get home, I have like a carpool that leaves right at five so I can't stay over. But now it's like you don't have an excuse to like your home. So I just complete my stuff and that's that's it. It's nice.
I remember
Yeah. Well was today your turn at the office or at home?
Uh see what do you work as?
Cool. Cool.
I'm also a human richness is kind of like never university. Yeah so I'm like an administrative specialist.
Are you feel like, Yeah.
but it's nice because during pandemic it's like it's been showing. Yeah
I like
you better.
they're having no actually yeah everyone's fully remote but people are on campus right now. Like I know my younger sister she actually moved back to canvas but they just have people test like once once a week to make sure that they don't have covid. But other than that all classes are online. There's no impersonal stuff.
Um But it's kind of scary to do that because you never know if they're visiting people outside of school or like out
the,
yeah so it's kind of scary that they only do it once a week. I mean I've heard from my younger brother he goes to U. C. S. D. And he says that they actually get take home tests and they swapped themselves so that they do a muslim. Yeah
I know.
Great.
exactly because like right now the lines I think are like
an hour or two. You're lucky we schedule then it's like in and out but you don't schedule
and just
walking it could take a long time
to
him.
All
Um So you're still hiring people in the pandemic?
that's interesting. So why why why do you guys have to let them go and then you're going to rehire them back?
Yeah heads Vegas started reopening.
Is that why you business has
been
picking up?
No. No
mm. Has there been been an increase in that like activity? Um
What?
I see, yeah, I've noticed a lot of my friends are starting to post up there going back to Vegas, which I don't think it's too safe because then they're hosting parties in Vegas and doing all that stuff.
mm. I thought your your governor or like your your mayor or something said that,
you know.
see. So what she was talking about was like not not the actual strip, like
outskirts.
Okay. Yeah, because like I think her interview went viral because she just wanting to reopen go, I mean the casinos as soon as, you know, even even as the numbers were increasing, like they've even drop, she's just like we reopen it for our business.
it's crazy right now, wow. But as like, I don't know, my friends are just posting that they're hosting parties out there doing all this stuff.
And what governor?
I saw this
video of a couple they're eating out and they had to math on. So like when they wanted to take a bite, the method open, it was so funny. Someone got on tic tac guy, people are innovative.
Mhm. That's funny. Yeah, I, I think I wanted to go back to, but I'm just too scared right now because like everything is
happening
along.
I think new york has a really high number of deaths from covid, the scary out there. I was talking to someone from Brooklyn or something and he was saying that there's like a lot of cases out there where he has.
Yeah, I see. So you guys are from originally, you guys are originally from Los Angeles?
Oh I see. So that's why because you know. Oh that's so you guys decided to settle down in las Vegas?
Yeah, that's true. That's smart to do. Oh um do you miss san Diego? Because I assume like you're the rest of your family. Is there all the time?
Of course everyone's
saying.
Yeah, definitely. It's good. It's funny because like I'm from L. A. And that's because when I go there, I think it's cold like seventies cold for me. Like I'm not used to this. I
think like eight like 75 for like 70 76 is like perfect for me.
That's crazy. Yeah, I've heard of that he weighs and how hot it's like 1 10 in the desert
20
I
think.
Yeah. Oh my gosh. I don't know how you guys do it. I
bet
your paper bunch of story,
wow. That's crazy. I try not to open mine too much, but in L. A. I don't know what it got
kind of hot this year to like it was it was weird. It was like unbearable here and
that never happened. Yeah,
that's
Yeah. The world is catching on fire. It's like everything's going to shit. Yeah. Uh huh. That's funny. How are your parents if they're there in Los Angeles Vegas?
I see. So uh especially moved over there. That's really nice. I think um my my boyfriend's um my boyfriend's brother in law, his parents like they really love to gamble. So they moved from um like Los Angeles area. Like we're, I
don't know if you, you know Los Angeles as well, but at Arcadia like cassandra Rose me dot the retired from there moved to las Vegas because they really like gambling. They don't know, I'm not sure. I don't want to I never asked for the details but suddenly they're like wanting and they bought a house and everything to like they sold their house here and like in L. A. And moved to Las Vegas bought a house there. But it's crazy because like already in, within a year or so to they're moving they're wanting to move back Sandy, it's like here. So I figured that maybe they got too scared of like all the way that they could
do in las Vegas because it's crazy.
Yeah, that's true. But it's thursday already. Are you happy? Tomorrow is friday.
That's nice. Do you have any plans for the weekend then?
I bet. That sounds like crazy through the 60s. That's nice.
I see. Do you go to the Top Golf or something to go?
Mhm I see, I know a lot of people when they go to Vegas, like they love doing top Golf,
like professional, you're you're
actually
I can't imagine like because I remember I used to do like trying minigolf when my school, like for field trips that you take us there, but oh my gosh, it's so hard.
Like
what?
Well
I can imagine in Vegas is like super hot, like
the sun is hitting you all the
I see it's golf something you picked up in your college years or you've always enjoyed it.
huh I see. That's cool. Yeah,
I think they used to do like competitive gulf,
we're not competitive, but like uh like golfing for my high school, but I don't think there was a lot of people that knew how to do it, so it's just like slowly dwindled down.
That's
funny.
Gps because I forget like they actually compete and look at the green. Yeah.
is that what they told you that? That's what you think that.
It's
like, it's like you even, you were able to like put it on your college shops and then you know when they sports assembly, do you also run out with a call to?
uh That's not, you just be like you're the bench warmer for their, for their teeth. I feel like it's my goals, like an individual sport that it's not really.
You calculate
scores
based on the team overall, but like
everyone based on individuals.
Oh I see. And I've heard that engulf, it's different because you count like the negative scores are better than the the higher scores.
That's so crazy because like in every single sport it's
like
uh so they calculate based on
like the distance you have left from the gulf.
Um I I see I think it's it's
challenging too because like has has anyone ever scored on the first,
this first?
So
you're usually
going to be with someone that hits it
murder?
Um I see. But can you like actually calculate your swing and
wow. Yeah, because I feel like there's so many factors wind and then pills, you know if it rolls and all these different things. That's that's
crazy.
Mhm uh Yeah, I just I played tennis in high school so that was pretty fun. But I liked it because I did doubles. So it's like not an individual because I feel like I would just crack under the pressure. I
really That's awesome. Were you as singles or doubles pair?
Yeah, I like that way better. Right. I feel like for singles I would just be
so scared.
Me
too.
The
volley
person.
I like
you. Like,
oh my gosh, that's so funny. Yeah, that's exactly what I would do to because I was the folly person, like the one in the threat and my, my like, I feel like my head's in the back were inconsistent. I can never really do it, but I'm really good at because I'm tall on the other side. So like I'll be really good at the, as in the front because I was just slamming back down the component. It's so much fun. Have you ever, have you been able to like practice recently?
that's
uh, that sounds really fun because I know there's like public tennis courts, like everywhere
that you
go. That's awesome. Yeah. You should try to go. I know like when I go to my back to my hometown, I try to go with my friends in tennis, but we're all like growing up and lost, fell out of touch with
each other. Ever have tennis partner that can hit the ball back to me.
So like when I try to teach other people, you're just like chasing the pulse around
the whole, it's like, it's like a workout. But it's like, I'm not the kind of thing where I'm just writing. Yeah. Yeah. But that's really nice. Yeah. You should teach your wife. Then you could like have like a pregnant and play more mm The
facts
are
decisive.
Yeah.
What?
Yeah. And and it's crazy like how, how much they could sell for? It's like up to the hundreds. Like if you get like people, people in my high school, they're obsessed with getting the latest Claude, like the highest tech one and not like they all kind of feel the same to me. Just like the different weight I feel.
Yeah. It's different for sure. It's like the weight of it and apparently like the tension on the on the screens to like, I don't know, I was never really too big and I would just let people buy my records because I don't even know what to do it like what to look for. So I was just like ask my culture, whatever my assistant
coach. So
like
Yeah. That's really nice to have like a hook up because otherwise you get the store and it's like probably way more expensive I think mighty or like a graduate, Like he wasn't on the team, but he was like an alarm and I think he was just like hit with us all the time. Um but huge. He would do all that stuff for us to I do.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's like exhilarating and what is it? It's like love 15 30 40 45. 40
45. Okay 40. Do you still watch like like uh like Serena Williams or?
Yeah I see I see that there's like little clips on instagram sometimes show up on my explore page and it seems I like watching sometimes it's super entertaining like when
the dollar whoever hits it back in a weird way. It's just so funny or like the other component doesn't think that they're going to get in and at the last minute they swoop in and get it like post like highlights on instagram side like watching this. Yeah.
Yeah. Did you hear about all the recent drama that it was like so weird. I
don't know there's like a facebook debate going on. I don't know what was happening but
I forgot who the who the person is he was. I heard his name but he accidentally hit a line judge. Yeah.
Oh yeah. Yeah. And everyone was like like kind of calling the line judge a liar or like a faker when it's like you're hitting your head in the tenant like in the throat
we
do
I
didn't sleep
did here like.
Uh for sure. But I don't I didn't I didn't even watch the video. I was just reading the facebook debate about it. But did he actually like do it in reaction to something else? Like what's he mad or something?
Yeah. Then that's crazy that they would like crucify him for that because it's
just a matter of.
But
I
do
for sure because like on facebook they're just like saying all this stuff and about the language too is like all these all these really mean thing. Thanks.
Yeah because those are an accident. But yeah. That's crazy. I I think I heard some other controversy surrounding him again I think did he hit someone else or something like that?
yeah. I don't know. I just thought I just see like because my teachers are all like I don't know they're like always posting on facebook. So I always see there are like posting comments, you know how people actually post comments on facebook interesting to me because it's like they're not actually tagging someone else to read it, they're like tagging for like the general public to comment on and it's very pretty. But my teachers are like that like to help the post for the entire world to see and like to start a conversation like that or like a discussion. So I always see their activity. That's why I see it. But I don't know what what was the latest controversy back. I just always be reading all these different things and like I think something else happened with or that she don't want to you can find to that hotel room that they're going to get hurt because of Covid or something like that.
Yeah. I was just reading a lot of these things but but I'll let you get onto your day, enjoy your evening.
meeting him