Okay. Okay. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Yeah. Mr Uh huh, mm Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The mhm Mhm.
Hello?
Not that long. Like a minute
busy.
Oh, no problem.
Give me just a sec.
yeah, Thank you. Mhm
Oh,
there we go. Sorry about that
busy.
I'm in las Vegas. What about you?
It's just been super busy. So yeah,
just with work,
they're becoming more and more often.
I play firefighters sometimes.
See mine were doing hybrid in person and in the office, so it's
just, it's a mess. It's a matter of having to bring systems home and get everything together and it's just stressful sometimes.
No, I was, I was remote today, but being remote means I have to log in through our virtual system and just I'm on one screen versus three screens in the office, so it's just less productive.
I'm in human resources. I do, I'm a recruiter.
Mhm.
Okay. That's awesome. What university?
That's cool. But
Because
you sell
is fully fully remote right now, right. Or are they having imports in class too?
Such as the residents who are living, who are on campus essentially. Okay.
It's
not like the NBA where they're in a true bubble.
That's interesting. That's
what we need is just the more, the easier access to testing. That's,
that's going to help get us out of this.
Hello?
I'm
all
For for us, when we, when we hire someone, we make them clear covid test before we bring them in to start.
Unfortunately,
because the company I work for, we've established a partnership with the hospital system in the area.
It's better if we provide them the list and they get in and out within 15 minutes and they give them the results and give us the results for compliance.
Yes. That's why we're so busy as we are bringing a lot of people that we had to let go because of the pandemic back. And then also hiring new people as well.
The million dollar question we, it was, we had to do, we did mass layoffs and there was nothing that I was involved in. But now we're bringing people back because businesses picked back up. So if we didn't lamb off, I would be not as busy but be easier work, but less job security to for me. So it's a catch 22.
I
thank
you.
Yes and no. Were revoked. The casino sky working in the casino industry. The casinos are open with limited capacity, but the ballrooms aren't. So in conventions is with real money for Vegas is made. So
right now, Vegas is solely relying on tourists and it's cheap rooms so people who couldn't previously afford Vegas are able to come and it's kind of causing some chaos. There's been a lot more violence on the strip because it's people who have been priced out of Vegas and now we're bringing some chaos to Vegas.
there's, I mean it could just be the news reporting it more often because
there's nothing else to do and they like to stir up controversy or it could be happening more often. I didn't pay attention to it much before, but now it's everything people are talking about.
I mean there were taking the mask seriously here in social distancing. It's one of the things that before you enter casino, your temperature checked and everything um and the masks are required, the security will take you out, we have, that's what the biggest position we're hiring for now is security to escort guests off property if they're not wearing the mask.
So
the mayor, she's part of my language batshit crazy. Um but how Vegas works is only a few of the casino actually in Las Vegas proper Mostar in unincorporated county lands, so the whole strip is technically not in Las Vegas, it's in Clark County, so it falls just under county guidelines and the county commission is a lot more sane. Yeah,
correct.
It's the only, the downtown casinos are technically in Las Vegas but they're still following the rules of everywhere else.
which I mean it is true, I'm glad we didn't push it back any further. We we were close for three months. Uh but a lot of people, because I mentioned we were laid off, a lot of people, a lot of people have lost their jobs because of that. But it's the fine line balance of returning to work and having people come back where you're making the money and it being safe as well. That's the, that's the line everybody's figuring out. Yeah.
I know we have a lot more California traffic just because it's easy to drive. You can dine in a restaurant and not have to worry about putting your mask on in between bites. Like you guys, Governor was trying to say a few weeks ago,
get newsom. That's what there is the whole if yeah, if you're getting in a restaurant, if you can put your mask on in between bites, it's just like, oh my gosh
I
that means you have to be really, there's people who have their drink masks for Vegas where you can put a straw through it, you can open up a little window to put a straw through so you can be still drinking on the casino floor. Where in your mask,
I'm
just, I haven't left Vegas since March, right as everything was shutting down. We're actually, my wife and I were in the L. A. Area, we're supposed to go on a cruise and our crews was canceled, so
we're just, we're dying to get out, so hopefully we're playing a trip to new york next or december. Um But now new york has some of the strictest guidelines where we're not even sure if we're gonna get to go on that. Yeah.
Yeah, they're they're relative positivity is lower than a lot of places, but they're just being extra strict about everything, which, I mean, I understand, but at the same time they're going, their economy is going to take a long time to recover, which is sad.
Uh I grew up in the San Diego area actually, um My wife was from the Montana area, but we met at, at UNLV for college.
Yeah, we both got jobs in the area after graduation and just figured it was, it's the right place to be for us.
Um Actually my family is mostly all over now. My parents actually retired to Vegas as well. Um
I
do, I do miss san Diego, the weather, especially 70 and sunny Year Round. You can't beat,
Work
Yeah, I'm just, I'm excited. Next week we're supposed to get out of the 90s finally here. It's been, yeah, we haven't had measurable rain and since I think it was april
it's,
it's been a
hot
summer,
air
conditioning.
It's, yeah, I mean everybody out here has a c. So it's we're all used to it it's I think ours are 250 for our house during the summer.
What?
if,
I
mean it's just everywhere it's it's 2020 that's all
they're good. Um My dad's retired and just sits at home watching tv all day and my mom just got a job just to give her something to do before she's able to fully retire with all her benefits so.
What?
I
mean it could be it's one of those things that if if you don't know how to control yourself when you live here it can be bad. Um It could also mean the heat. It's the hot summer and people are don't don't realize how hot it is when they're here on vacation and when they move here it's you feel it.
so happy. I'm in the office tomorrow, which I don't mind finishing my week in the office, being able to just get everything done and not have to worry about bringing anything home with me over the weekend and then just not do anything,
nothing so far. I might go to the driving range, hit some golf balls and just take it easy, supposed to be supposed to be cold this weekend. I think we're supposed to only get to the sixties, which for us is freezing.
so this just relax and not think about work for the whole weekend. That's that's the goal.
No, I play golf pretty frequently. So I'm just a driving range in the area at one of the courses.
I mean it's I've done talk off, it's fun, it's just it's expensive And for its like bowling where it's a good social aspect for golf, but it's not for like golf improvement, which
I'm,
oh no, I'm not good by any means. I just like to have fun.
It's
just, I just
enjoy it. It's a good way to get out, enjoy nature and I
turn my phone off for the four hours and it's just peace. That's the biggest part.
definitely.
That's, yeah, I didn't golf much during the summer because of that. Um Usually I'll go in the spring, but courses were closed, so just trying to get as much golf as I can before the end of the year.
I've always kind of done it, I've done it since I was probably five or six years old, but never like serious enough to make it a career profession by any means. Just as a hobby.
Yeah.
What?
I was on my golf team for high school for two years but interfered with my work at the time. So one of the years I was just on it to be a G. P. A boost for the team and my G. P. A. Wasn't good. So I don't know why they
picked me for that,
but
So I was I never played, never went to practice, but I was on the official roster so I could help boost the G. P. A. Somehow.
No, that's what they told me that because I knew the coach, he was accused by ap stats teacher and I was like, you know, I'm down to be on the team. But I worked the days of practice in our matches so I won't be able to do anything on the team. He was like, well if we let if we don't pick you up means we have to pick someone else up who we don't want to have on the team, who's going to hurt our Gps, so we'll just have to be on the team as our G. P. A booster. I'm like fine by me, I'm a two year to year golf athlete in high school and
can.
I mean, we didn't involve team, didn't do that because we weren't good by any means, but I would have,
It
is
no
correct.
Yeah, it's it's a combination. So there's the team score and then there's a low individual score and that's the winner who for overall and then the low team score wins.
yep. The lowest score wins.
It's
the opposite. Yeah. You want to have the most
like,
so how many how many shots it takes the ball to get in the hole, so.
No.
I
mean that's, I had a friend who he did it right in front of me, which is, it's one of the things that's Every golfer witnesses one generally in their lifetime, but not everyone hits one. So it's
it's
cold feet,
it's
it's just luck sometimes.
I mean you can try.
it's
definitely a mental game on top of physical.
I did tell you some high school too,
I was doubles,
I
was doubled, I was the net person, my
partner,
you'd
always,
we'd
always
he'd
switch back if he was up, if I was serving, I'd serve in bali and he'd run back to baseline because his forehand and backhand are better, but I was just better at net. So I was one of those things, we had a good dynamic.
Not since my freshman year of college, so 2013 was the last time I really hit a tennis ball and played, but I want to get into it and just need to get my wife at racket because she wants to play too and now that the weather's nice, maybe I'll take care of that,
we can go play.
All
over.
that's
no
it's
maybe we can, maybe
we can
start
playing doubles. Yeah,
I mean
mine I probably need to get it re strong, it's Obviously hasn't been changed in seven years so. Yeah.
the one I found I mean I think I paid $90 for it back in high school which for me back then was a lot. Um and I just, it lasted me a good amount of time. I enjoyed it. It had the right wait for me and complimented my swing. So it just it worked out and I try like other friends rackets, we'd switch and I think there's only one other person on my team whose racket I was like, you know what, I would hit this racket every time over mine, everyone else's. I was like no, it just doesn't feel right.
And
We
had a we had a guy on the team who would do the re stringing for us, we just he just say Okay it's $20 and we give them 20 in the wreck and he'd bring it for the next practice. And so for tensions it was all just, you know what, how we play, you know what we need and he'd take care of it for us.
it's a three. It's definitely a fun game.
And then 40.
I'll watch the finals of like one of the majors if there's nothing else on I don't I enjoy tennis but watching it on tv just it doesn't do it for me necessarily.
But.
I'll stick to the highlights of what's on sportscenter versus a whole match because they can get long.
No,
honey.
I saw that. Yeah. Djokovic
I think they both overreacted a little bit like, he
definitely
didn't need to hit it. He
didn't
even hit it that hard. But
I mean it was it was just a normal like because in the pros they give you like the three tennis balls, you just take the top two that you want and so you hit one back to the line judge and so he hit it back and instead of hitting it like on a bounce to them it just went right at her and she might not have been paying attention and she went down. So I mean it hurt but he don't think he deserved to be disqualified for it. He probably just just an apology and
No he was just just hitting the ball back to her.
it was
I
mean he
might
have been after losing a point to hit it a little harder than normal but I don't think there was any male intent by any means.
Neither side deserved mean things said about them.
not that I've noticed. I don't know he may have.
yeah I've heard that. Who knows
You do the same. Bye.
Nice to meet you.