SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Uh huh. Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. No.
SPEAKER_R: Hi, hi,
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good.
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: meet
SPEAKER_L: are you?
SPEAKER_R: you too. Very
SPEAKER_L: I honestly,
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: I wasn't sure anybody was gonna show up. Uh This is actually the third time I've tried to do this and I was like ghosted the first two times. Um So it's nice to have a real person.
SPEAKER_R: Uh this is actually my second time and both times so far successful.
SPEAKER_L: Oh really? I actually did it like a month ago when it was offered like the first time and I got a person like right away, no issues. We had a nice conversation and then I saw doing it like the second time and I tried like, on monday nobody showed up. I tried Tuesday, nobody showed up. But today, Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hi, very nice to meet you. I apologize first that I made a lady wait um I was to figure
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: out
SPEAKER_L: what you
SPEAKER_R: all the links and everything as I'm not very much computer savvy, but my name is Vasile. It's a it's a one of those european names that nobody can pronounce and usually it's spelled by the iphones as basil, but it's just with a V. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: quote, my name is Rebecca,
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you Rebecca. Which
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: part
SPEAKER_L: can.
SPEAKER_R: of the United States you're calling from?
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm in new york. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, new york. I'm in north Carolina, so we're actually not too far away from each other. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: I live in New york city actually. But
SPEAKER_R: that's right.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, this weekend we're actually visiting my husband's parents on Long Island's. You're familiar with Long Island. So I'm in the suburbs now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: That is that is quite quite uh not strange but very quick coincidental because uh my wife, she is also part of prolific and she actually had her phone call yesterday with some of the problems. Staten Island. That's crazy. Yes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: As
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: close,
SPEAKER_R: uh, I guess my, my first question is because I'm obviously, I grew up in europe and you can tell by the accent, but I'm sure you're so used to accent, being from new york and so much more open to new cultures compare. Let's say someone from the south not to be judgmental, but just in general. Uh, our people in new york that rough and that harsh or there's some good ones there.
SPEAKER_L: Um, yeah, it's definitely a stereotype that people are very aggressive and pushy. But I think, um, the thing about new Yorkers is they really just want to mind their own business. You know, everybody in new york is always like in a rush, you know, so like people are just walking fast on the street, you know, they don't have time to stop and say hello to every person. And I think
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: true,
SPEAKER_L: why we get the reputation for being unfriendly, but it's really just because there's so many people, everybody is in their own little world, you know, so it's not like one of those small towns where you like, you know, have time to stop and chit chat. Everyone's kind of just in a rush.
SPEAKER_R: absolutely. We we used to live in florida and florida, you know, it's a suburbia of new york, pretty much everybody in florida is from new york and we didn't like it very much first. Not only suburbia, but we can also didn't like that stereotype that you're talking about. Most people are just up in their business and they don't care too much about saying hello and but what I figured out is that the best people to do business with our new Yorkers because you can always trust them, they're always on time, they're always on point and they will get things done fast just like that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's a good way to put it. Were like very efficient. We've like nailed down our schedules and routine. We're in florida.
SPEAKER_R: So we um we so we met with my wife in in Atlanta in Georgia and then we decided to move closer to her family. They live in Daytona Beach area. She has one of those big dysfunctional families
SPEAKER_L: The tablets.
SPEAKER_R: where everybody's divorced remarried and one of those, I'm no flower myself, my parents are also divorced, but my mom never remarried and I have no siblings. So I was just
SPEAKER_L: out
SPEAKER_R: raised
SPEAKER_L: on it.
SPEAKER_R: by a single parent in europe. And um in europe is not very common like what it is here in America people to divorce remarried reproduce again and then do it again and again and again. And it gets like a big giant jambalaya of everything. But we lived in Jacksonville. We um uh there's a little uh kind of like suburban place called Pontevedra. You may have heard it, it's known for golf tournaments, a lot of rich old people and nothing else. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know that much about florida. Just got a lot of new Yorkers like retire there when they get old. Um but I love Disney world's um I've been to Disney so many times. So that's my, like me and uh impression of florida
SPEAKER_R: that's that's
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: amazing for someone like me. I actually have been to Disney World once. Um I'm not a big fan honestly, but Uh huh. Yes, because uh we have been actually to uh Epcot, which is kind of like a fake version of europe. And if you are a european that was raised in europe, just looking some kind of like a small uh fake view of europe, it's kind of like uh it's almost funny. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I actually always good with people from those countries. Like think about when they see like the fake little uh, you know, buildings and whatever.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's just my opinion. And I would never push it on anybody. And my wife, she, uh, she loved, she likes Disney world and in any way we have a two year old, I will never stop him from going there.
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: Everybody
SPEAKER_L: is everything.
SPEAKER_R: has to have their own opinion about the world. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: My husband's really doesn't like it either. My family, I don't know. Just like my whole family loves Disney. It's like my, my happy place, You know, like you go, you like forget about all your problems. You know, you're like in this like separate worlds for a week. But my husband is just he finds it's so weird that like an adult, you know, is into Disney world, so we've never been to But maybe one day
SPEAKER_R: My mother in law, she loves Disney world. She's in a wheelchair and she has a lot of
SPEAKER_L: little
SPEAKER_R: health
SPEAKER_L: published
SPEAKER_R: issues, but she's
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: like a little child
SPEAKER_L: chop.
SPEAKER_R: walked inside and she just adores everything Disney. So mickey mouse's, everything is mickey mouse and she just loves it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know, it makes people really happy. So
SPEAKER_R: Yes, absolutely. I'm sure that pretty much everybody probably talks about the coronavirus nowadays. Uh,
SPEAKER_L: I know
SPEAKER_R: me and my wife, we love to watch, uh, your governor. I don't know whether you support him or not. We just, we just kind of like him and we have followed his updates. I thought that he speaks like very fluent and very, very thorough and he answers a lot of questions and immediately kind of connects with the crowd. I don't know what is your opinion about it?
SPEAKER_L: Um Well it's funny because in the beginning everybody like loved him, you know, he was so clear every day, he gave like updates. Um he was so informative, you know, and compared to like what the rest of the country was doing, like he was just really uh you know, I think like open and honest about all of the information, but it kind of seems like in the past couple of weeks people have not been liking him so much and I think the problem is that people are getting frustrated with the lockdown and they're kind of blaming it on him because you know, they almost feel like he's changing his mind, you know, like first he says
SPEAKER_R: Manila.
SPEAKER_L: this can open, then he says it can and then he says that, like to me it makes sense because we're dealing with all this unknown information and he's just trying to keep everybody safe and you know, they keep trying to open things safely, but people are not following the directions. Like in Manhattan, you know, they opened like, you know, outdoor restaurants, whatever, but everyone is just like not wearing a mask and they're all standing
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: in big crowds. So now he had to like, you know, close the things that he open because people weren't following the directions, so people be getting frustrated with him, but I think that's unfair, you know, I think he's just doing his best and uh you know people yeah people just don't really seem to understand like why some things can be open and other things can't be open but you know it's it's hard, I don't I don't wish to be in his position like nobody is going to be happy with what he does.
SPEAKER_R: Yes. It's very hard to please everybody. And um, I kind of can relate to that because my mom, she is actually a front line worker in europe. I'm actually originally from Bulgaria, It's right
SPEAKER_L: Hello guys
SPEAKER_R: next to Greece. Most people don't even know where Bulgaria is, so it's right by Greece and Turkey, we actually share a border with them, our southern borders with Greece and Turkey. Canada, A very small country, it's about the size, maybe 2/3 of the size of Tennessee if I could compare it by size. So, um, uh, my mom, she's a doctor and, but she's a pediatrician pulmonologist, so she gets to sometimes diagnosed Coronas with kids and things like
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: that, but the things are no better
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: there either, you know, and pretty much the small Bulgarian government, they follow whatever the United States says, we're kind of like a little puppet
SPEAKER_L: Well they
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: shouldn't
SPEAKER_R: all
SPEAKER_L: listen
SPEAKER_R: over
SPEAKER_L: past
SPEAKER_R: the country.
SPEAKER_L: because you know it's like we're a mess, it's horrible. Like if you look at
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like every
SPEAKER_R: agree,
SPEAKER_L: other country it's like all going down, we're like the only country going back up again, it's crazy like every country they tell you where a mask and people wear the mask, we're the only country where everyone's like fighting back about it, you know like why can't you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: just uh it's frustrating
SPEAKER_R: I absolutely
SPEAKER_L: people?
SPEAKER_R: agree with you. Me being a doctor son, I usually follow every guidelines and I don't think that it's such a big deal to wear a mask. And I actually find it sometimes
SPEAKER_L: that's it.
SPEAKER_R: because you get to change your mass colors or whatever you want. We're actually trying to teach. We just bought a mask for our two year old son. We have a little boy and he looks
SPEAKER_L: and still
SPEAKER_R: so cute, but he doesn't like it, of course. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I don't really mind wearing the mask, but I'm a little concerned because I'm a teacher and they're talking about like if we go back to school in the fall, the teachers are going to have to wear masks, and the students are going to have to wear masks and I just don't see how that's going to work, you know, first of all, it's like, it's hard to have a conversation with somebody when they're wearing the mask, you know, it's it's really hard to hear them, and so if I'm trying to teach a lesson and students are trying to answer, you know, we're all wearing a mask, I like then it's gonna get really uncomfortable and you know, I think the kids are gonna get frustrated because they can't sit for seven hours in a mask, you know, it's going to get, it's gonna get
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: to be a lot
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I I agree with you. I myself used to be a teacher too, but a different kind of teacher. I am a tennis tennis teacher. I was a head tennis professional. Yeah, I was a tennis director at a country club in uh florida before I became a stay at home dad. And now actually our new lifestyle is actually very interesting. We sold our house two years ago and we live full time on the road. So uh
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: we actually uh I'm calling from our RV actually you can see there's other campers around us and we're staying in
SPEAKER_L: my God,
SPEAKER_R: in uh in uh north Carolina. But we recently purchased actually um 2020 acres of land here in North Carolina. So now we're working on putting the power the septic and we want to be farmers. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it's amazing. It's so cool. Do you find that you have like enough space? Uh you know, it's I feel comfortable.
SPEAKER_R: So a lot of people actually think that uh I grew up in europe, and of course in europe, you know, all the homes are kind of like in new york, there are small apartments, uh they're no bigger than 200 square feet. Uh uh I actually grew up, my mother raised me in a very small apartment, so I'm used to the small spaces, but the afterward we sold our 3000 square foot home in florida because in florida, everybody has a giant square footage
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: that you have to hire
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: have.
SPEAKER_R: to maintain. And We just realized with my wife that we both work 80 hours a week and we had to hire a nanny to take care of our son and that didn't work anymore for us. And we were missing on, we were missing on family time, we were missing on time with our son, so we just decided to ditch all of their careers and uh sold everything we bought. This is a pretty big actually. Fifth
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: will we have our own bedroom? We have uh living room with a full sized refrigerator and an ice maker. We have a washer and dryer, we have a king size bed. Our son has his own room with um, Uh three bunkhouses. We have an outdoor kitchen and we have pretty much everything that we need. We got rid of all the
SPEAKER_L: Whatever,
SPEAKER_R: cars and now now we have a big duly that actually moves the fifth wheel and that's all we have. We have no debt. We're super excited.
SPEAKER_L: wow, that's so cool. So you mostly you like keep it parts in one place or you're like driving to.
SPEAKER_R: So for the last two years we kind of traveled out west because we wanted to show our son all the beauties of the United States and my wife was the sole worker and um, I took the role of a stay at home dad and I take care of our son and do the cleaning, the cooking, which I absolutely don't mind. And um now we're um I have taken a little bit on online online stuff, doing small gigs here and there of course including prolific as one of those things and
SPEAKER_L: thanks.
SPEAKER_R: she does the same and uh it's, it's a lot more nicer when you're out of debt and you have nothing really to worry about except cell phone bills and uh the campgrounds, of course, small rent,
SPEAKER_L: I didn't. Okay, well that's that's really interesting. I guess it's something that, you know, my husband and I have been thinking about because like right now we live in, you know, a small new york city apartments, like, I don't know, 500 square feet um
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: have,
SPEAKER_L: like it's fine, you know, it's like very affordable. But we both grew up in houses, you know, so we always assumed we would move back to the suburbs and like buy a house, but houses online, islands are so expensive. You know, like
SPEAKER_R: absolutely,
SPEAKER_L: no matter where we buy a house, never neighborhood. Like it's going to mean, you know, now we're going to have debt now. We're going to be struggling, you know, just to have a house. So like is it really that much better? So like, you know, move to the suburbs and to just stay in the city. I think it's something
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: has,
SPEAKER_L: a lot of, you know, my friends are struggling with now because you know, we all moved to new york city after college and stuff, but no one can afford to buy a house. But at the same time the expectation is that like you start a family, you buy a house that just seems to
SPEAKER_R: absolutely,
SPEAKER_L: be like, you know what people expect.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, you know, I think that a lot of young people and you're obviously younger than me, we're an hour, we just turned 40, me and my wife were actually a week apart And we uh I think that for me personally being raised in Europe because I moved to the states only
SPEAKER_L: State
SPEAKER_R: 15
SPEAKER_L: police
SPEAKER_R: years
SPEAKER_L: 50
SPEAKER_R: ago.
SPEAKER_L: years ago.
SPEAKER_R: So my values are totally the opposite of the values of the Americans in Europe, it's not about Leaving home immediately at 18 and buying a huge house and getting buried in debt all the way above your head. The values are a lot more different there. You kind of stay with your family, you help the family, support you while you have kids and everything and make sure that you're out of school and college without any debt and then you decide what to do with your life. I have noticed here in the american system is putting you immediately in debt and try to put you kind of like you said in a big house with a fancy car with two or three kids and you're immediately buried. But it takes time I think for not only for the young people but in general and a lot of young people just like you said are starting to realize that that this is a broken dream. Very broken green. Yes. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: it's actually kind of interesting. Um My husband is Persian, I don't know if Iran is near Bulgaria and anyway
SPEAKER_R: It's actually very close, very close. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so um like I guess in in the Persian community uh the men tend to get married older because the expectation is that they stay at home and build up savings and you know by the time they get married like in their late thirties, you know they have enough money
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: that they can like buy a house almost immediately. So my husband and I we met in college so we got married young uh 24 25 when we got married and his parents were like you know that's not how you're supposed to do it, like wait until you're like almost 40 I think by that time you have saved up enough money to buy a house. So we did things a little backwards I thought that I think yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yes. I bet, I bet you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: love
SPEAKER_L: wouldn't
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: want.
SPEAKER_R: Persian food actually. Uh you said he was from Iran were very close close. So Bulgaria is close to Turkey, we share a border and Turkey shares borders I think with Iran Afghanistan. So there's a lot of influence from that culture into the Bulgarian culture. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: I love Persian food now. Um learn to cook like a lot of Persian food. Um it's it's so great. Like we make a lot of students so you can just like make a big pot of still at last a whole week. It's delicious. Um I honestly I knew nothing about Persian culture before I met him. Um and now I feel like kind of a part of the crowd, you know, his family accepts me. That's good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's it's amazing. Once you start opening your m broadening your horizons for other cultures, you can see how everything changes from, from inside. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: And it's funny because we're both jewish. So I assumed, you know, because we're both jewish like, you know, we have like the same culture, the same, you know, identity. But it's so different, you know, like uh can be inclusion is, you know, we're both jewish, but it's a huge cultural divide. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yes, that's that's really incredible. So my wife she's american but she was always open minded towards towards the european cultures and she had traveled all over europe but she has never been to Bulgaria.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Uh That's before we met, she has now visited three times and she loves going there. We we always have an amazing time. We were actually there february and we really lucked out
SPEAKER_L: ourself.
SPEAKER_R: but we went to visit my mom and uh we had a wonderful time, we went skiing there, they have beautiful winter resorts and we were lucky because we got back right before older corona thing and everything happened and we had an amazing time again
SPEAKER_L: yeah. That's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: our little guy he got
SPEAKER_L: after,
SPEAKER_R: to see his his country to half of his country I guess.
SPEAKER_L: wow. Yeah, I would I would love to travel. I'm really upset because you know as a teacher I have this summer off. So usually we like to take a big trip in the summer and it's going to be nothing. Um It was even more upsetting because we were supposed to go on vacation in february. Uh you know I have a vacation in february also and we were supposed to go to Panama um which I was really excited of that. We were going to like see the rainforest. We're gonna you know we had this talk of plans and we actually got to the airport and it turns out that my husband's passport um they wouldn't accept it because I know it expired in like two months or something and he didn't no problem. Um So they literally turned this away with all of our suitcases, all of our
SPEAKER_R: I'm so sorry. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: go home
SPEAKER_R: we had we had something not similar issue but because my passport was about to expire nine months so I double check and I wanted to make sure that everything would be fine with that thing. But we were we were good, we didn't have any any issues. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I I couldn't believe that happened and
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: it was just even more upsetting because you know, we wanted to like we could have screwed them that trip before the coronavirus thing happens and now like I don't know when the next time I'll feel comfortable traveling is
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah I've been talking to my mom a lot about it and um because right now the european union actually has a restriction on us citizens and flight
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: to America, so although Bulgaria is not part of uh they're part of the european union but they're not part of Schengen which is another kind of like restriction for all the rich european nation. But I we she usually
SPEAKER_L: the huge
SPEAKER_R: comes about twice a year and I really want her to come and kind of see our new property and our new land and help us out a little bit because with a new land
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: there's so much
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: things
SPEAKER_L: speak.
SPEAKER_R: to do, we want to have chickens, we want to have goats, we, we want to start our farm and it will be very helpful whenever you have a parent to help you. I don't know if you guys have kids yet, but it's it's really helpful when, when you have someone just to give you a hand for a couple hours. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: wow. When did you come from Bulgaria to United States?
SPEAKER_R: I moved uh almost, well it's been already 15 years, I moved
SPEAKER_L: No?
SPEAKER_R: when I was 25 years old, so I was completely raised their, who've grown and raised in europe and I'm still kind of like learning how to speak southern, because my american upbringing
SPEAKER_L: Reading
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: actually in Georgia
SPEAKER_L: into?
SPEAKER_R: and they speak with a southern accent, which was very, I thought it was cool, but I prefer people from new york and the north because they speak a lot more clear and fluent because I was, I was british english, not southern or american english and I still,
SPEAKER_L: Go
SPEAKER_R: my wife
SPEAKER_L: away.
SPEAKER_R: still makes fun of me sometimes. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Did you come for school or for work or like,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: actually uh came uh from one of the lottery's, I don't know if you've heard of the laundry green card lottery and I was one of the few lucky ones to actually have uh gotten a green card lottery. And that was thanks to the fact that actually my father was the one who actually won the lottery and during, because of the first bloodline I was able to kind of inherent that a privilege I guess. Yes,
SPEAKER_L: I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: yeah and uh I've always wanted to be part of a bigger society, bigger community because Bulgaria used to be a nice country and back in that and uh um during ah The 80s or early 90's America kind of like took over the country and destroyed everything, capitalism came and just destroyed the foundation of the society that we had. And since then the country has been going absolutely downhill and there is a huge immigration, all the young people are leaving the country, they usually move to europe to the big european western countries like England Italy Spain because they can't find work there. So now the country is one of the poorest in the european union. Uh huh, mm. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know anything about Bulgaria. That's very interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's uh at the airport they have a big slow slogan which says a small place for a great holiday, I guess that's what it is now, as
SPEAKER_L: I never
SPEAKER_R: long
SPEAKER_L: out it mentions in the harry potter books there's a Bulgarian character, so that's my only impression.
SPEAKER_R: That's right, yes, the harry potter, I think the main hero, I think that he has Bulgarian ancestors or something like that. I think maybe his grandfather, I know just because I have just read some yellow pages or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: Great race wow.
SPEAKER_R: but there's actually a lot of beautiful things. Uh a lot of people think that actually the feta cheese is greek
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: actually the real feta originates from Bulgaria. And uh the best feta is actually made in Bulgaria. It's just that it's not marketed a lot in the United States. But if you have an opportunity you should try. And the other thing is actually that yogurt, the bacteria that was found in yogurt was invented in Bulgaria. So the Bulgarian yogurt and the latin name of the bacteria has Bulgaria in it. The latin
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: name of the yeah there's what,
SPEAKER_L: This,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah another thing is that also Bulgaria is the biggest export exporter of rose oil. There's huge rose rose rose fields in Bulgaria and in every french Cologne or perfume like Chanel five or all the other fancy brands. There's a little bit of Bulgarian rose oil. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: that's very interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Also I think that another big invention that we pride ourselves is that actually the inventor of the computer is Bulgarian. His name is john john Atanasoff. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Like I learned so much Bulgaria it's great. Um
SPEAKER_R: It was, I noticed that we're at the 25 minute mark and I apologize because my son actually, it's time to start prepping his food and
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: putting
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: him to sleep. But I it was an absolute pleasure to speak with you. Was very nice to meet you. Although it was over the over the video. I hope that you your family, your husband and everybody will stay healthy. Especially in these challenging times. It's nice to know that there are other people that share the same values and beliefs about the masks and about social distancing. And I hope that actually the school year for you will be very successful and what they call it gentle and uneventful mm
SPEAKER_L: Yes
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: well thank
SPEAKER_R: safe.
SPEAKER_L: you so much. Yes. Stay safe. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you so much. Bye.