Yeah. Uh huh. Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. No.
nice to meet
you.
I'm good.
How
are you?
I honestly,
I wasn't sure anybody was gonna show up. Uh This is actually the third time I've tried to do this and I was like ghosted the first two times. Um So it's nice to have a real person.
Oh really? I actually did it like a month ago when it was offered like the first time and I got a person like right away, no issues. We had a nice conversation and then I saw doing it like the second time and I tried like, on monday nobody showed up. I tried Tuesday, nobody showed up. But today, Hello?
that's
what you
quote, my name is Rebecca,
you
can.
Um I'm in new york. How about you?
I live in New york city actually. But
yeah, this weekend we're actually visiting my husband's parents on Long Island's. You're familiar with Long Island. So I'm in the suburbs now. Yeah.
As
close,
Um, yeah, it's definitely a stereotype that people are very aggressive and pushy. But I think, um, the thing about new Yorkers is they really just want to mind their own business. You know, everybody in new york is always like in a rush, you know, so like people are just walking fast on the street, you know, they don't have time to stop and say hello to every person. And I think
that's
why we get the reputation for being unfriendly, but it's really just because there's so many people, everybody is in their own little world, you know, so it's not like one of those small towns where you like, you know, have time to stop and chit chat. Everyone's kind of just in a rush.
Yeah, that's a good way to put it. Were like very efficient. We've like nailed down our schedules and routine. We're in florida.
The tablets.
out
on it.
Okay. Yeah,
I don't know that much about florida. Just got a lot of new Yorkers like retire there when they get old. Um but I love Disney world's um I've been to Disney so many times. So that's my, like me and uh impression of florida
and
Yeah. I actually always good with people from those countries. Like think about when they see like the fake little uh, you know, buildings and whatever.
That
is everything.
My husband's really doesn't like it either. My family, I don't know. Just like my whole family loves Disney. It's like my, my happy place, You know, like you go, you like forget about all your problems. You know, you're like in this like separate worlds for a week. But my husband is just he finds it's so weird that like an adult, you know, is into Disney world, so we've never been to But maybe one day
little
published
like
chop.
Yeah. You know, it makes people really happy. So
I know
Um Well it's funny because in the beginning everybody like loved him, you know, he was so clear every day, he gave like updates. Um he was so informative, you know, and compared to like what the rest of the country was doing, like he was just really uh you know, I think like open and honest about all of the information, but it kind of seems like in the past couple of weeks people have not been liking him so much and I think the problem is that people are getting frustrated with the lockdown and they're kind of blaming it on him because you know, they almost feel like he's changing his mind, you know, like first he says
this can open, then he says it can and then he says that, like to me it makes sense because we're dealing with all this unknown information and he's just trying to keep everybody safe and you know, they keep trying to open things safely, but people are not following the directions. Like in Manhattan, you know, they opened like, you know, outdoor restaurants, whatever, but everyone is just like not wearing a mask and they're all standing
in big crowds. So now he had to like, you know, close the things that he open because people weren't following the directions, so people be getting frustrated with him, but I think that's unfair, you know, I think he's just doing his best and uh you know people yeah people just don't really seem to understand like why some things can be open and other things can't be open but you know it's it's hard, I don't I don't wish to be in his position like nobody is going to be happy with what he does.
Hello guys
and
don't
Well they
shouldn't
listen
past
because you know it's like we're a mess, it's horrible. Like if you look at
like every
other country it's like all going down, we're like the only country going back up again, it's crazy like every country they tell you where a mask and people wear the mask, we're the only country where everyone's like fighting back about it, you know like why can't you
just uh it's frustrating
people?
that's it.
and still
I mean I don't really mind wearing the mask, but I'm a little concerned because I'm a teacher and they're talking about like if we go back to school in the fall, the teachers are going to have to wear masks, and the students are going to have to wear masks and I just don't see how that's going to work, you know, first of all, it's like, it's hard to have a conversation with somebody when they're wearing the mask, you know, it's it's really hard to hear them, and so if I'm trying to teach a lesson and students are trying to answer, you know, we're all wearing a mask, I like then it's gonna get really uncomfortable and you know, I think the kids are gonna get frustrated because they can't sit for seven hours in a mask, you know, it's going to get, it's gonna get
to be a lot
huh.
my God,
it's amazing. It's so cool. Do you find that you have like enough space? Uh you know, it's I feel comfortable.
So
you
have.
Good.
Whatever,
wow, that's so cool. So you mostly you like keep it parts in one place or you're like driving to.
thanks.
I didn't. Okay, well that's that's really interesting. I guess it's something that, you know, my husband and I have been thinking about because like right now we live in, you know, a small new york city apartments, like, I don't know, 500 square feet um
and
like it's fine, you know, it's like very affordable. But we both grew up in houses, you know, so we always assumed we would move back to the suburbs and like buy a house, but houses online, islands are so expensive. You know, like
no matter where we buy a house, never neighborhood. Like it's going to mean, you know, now we're going to have debt now. We're going to be struggling, you know, just to have a house. So like is it really that much better? So like, you know, move to the suburbs and to just stay in the city. I think it's something
that
a lot of, you know, my friends are struggling with now because you know, we all moved to new york city after college and stuff, but no one can afford to buy a house. But at the same time the expectation is that like you start a family, you buy a house that just seems to
be like, you know what people expect.
State
police
50
years ago.
it's actually kind of interesting. Um My husband is Persian, I don't know if Iran is near Bulgaria and anyway
so um like I guess in in the Persian community uh the men tend to get married older because the expectation is that they stay at home and build up savings and you know by the time they get married like in their late thirties, you know they have enough money
that they can like buy a house almost immediately. So my husband and I we met in college so we got married young uh 24 25 when we got married and his parents were like you know that's not how you're supposed to do it, like wait until you're like almost 40 I think by that time you have saved up enough money to buy a house. So we did things a little backwards I thought that I think yeah,
I
wouldn't
want.
I love Persian food now. Um learn to cook like a lot of Persian food. Um it's it's so great. Like we make a lot of students so you can just like make a big pot of still at last a whole week. It's delicious. Um I honestly I knew nothing about Persian culture before I met him. Um and now I feel like kind of a part of the crowd, you know, his family accepts me. That's good.
And it's funny because we're both jewish. So I assumed, you know, because we're both jewish like, you know, we have like the same culture, the same, you know, identity. But it's so different, you know, like uh can be inclusion is, you know, we're both jewish, but it's a huge cultural divide. Uh
No.
ourself.
yeah. That's
so
after,
wow. Yeah, I would I would love to travel. I'm really upset because you know as a teacher I have this summer off. So usually we like to take a big trip in the summer and it's going to be nothing. Um It was even more upsetting because we were supposed to go on vacation in february. Uh you know I have a vacation in february also and we were supposed to go to Panama um which I was really excited of that. We were going to like see the rainforest. We're gonna you know we had this talk of plans and we actually got to the airport and it turns out that my husband's passport um they wouldn't accept it because I know it expired in like two months or something and he didn't no problem. Um So they literally turned this away with all of our suitcases, all of our
just
go home
I I couldn't believe that happened and
it was just even more upsetting because you know, we wanted to like we could have screwed them that trip before the coronavirus thing happens and now like I don't know when the next time I'll feel comfortable traveling is
and
the huge
I
don't
speak.
wow. When did you come from Bulgaria to United States?
No?
Reading
what
into?
Go
away.
Did you come for school or for work or like,
but
I don't know.
I don't know anything about Bulgaria. That's very interesting.
I never
out it mentions in the harry potter books there's a Bulgarian character, so that's my only impression.
Great race wow.
Good.
Well
This,
that's very interesting.
All right. Like I learned so much Bulgaria it's great. Um
That's
great.
Yes
well thank
you so much. Yes. Stay safe. Okay.