Hi, hi,
how
are you?
to
meet
you too. Very
good.
Uh this is actually my second time and both times so far successful.
Hi, very nice to meet you. I apologize first that I made a lady wait um I was to figure
out
all the links and everything as I'm not very much computer savvy, but my name is Vasile. It's a it's a one of those european names that nobody can pronounce and usually it's spelled by the iphones as basil, but it's just with a V. Mhm. Yeah.
Nice to meet you Rebecca. Which
part
of the United States you're calling from?
Yeah, new york. I'm in north Carolina, so we're actually not too far away from each other. Yes,
that's right.
That is that is quite quite uh not strange but very quick coincidental because uh my wife, she is also part of prolific and she actually had her phone call yesterday with some of the problems. Staten Island. That's crazy. Yes. Yeah.
And
uh, I guess my, my first question is because I'm obviously, I grew up in europe and you can tell by the accent, but I'm sure you're so used to accent, being from new york and so much more open to new cultures compare. Let's say someone from the south not to be judgmental, but just in general. Uh, our people in new york that rough and that harsh or there's some good ones there.
that's
true,
absolutely. We we used to live in florida and florida, you know, it's a suburbia of new york, pretty much everybody in florida is from new york and we didn't like it very much first. Not only suburbia, but we can also didn't like that stereotype that you're talking about. Most people are just up in their business and they don't care too much about saying hello and but what I figured out is that the best people to do business with our new Yorkers because you can always trust them, they're always on time, they're always on point and they will get things done fast just like that.
So we um we so we met with my wife in in Atlanta in Georgia and then we decided to move closer to her family. They live in Daytona Beach area. She has one of those big dysfunctional families
where everybody's divorced remarried and one of those, I'm no flower myself, my parents are also divorced, but my mom never remarried and I have no siblings. So I was just
raised
by a single parent in europe. And um in europe is not very common like what it is here in America people to divorce remarried reproduce again and then do it again and again and again. And it gets like a big giant jambalaya of everything. But we lived in Jacksonville. We um uh there's a little uh kind of like suburban place called Pontevedra. You may have heard it, it's known for golf tournaments, a lot of rich old people and nothing else. Uh huh.
Yeah.
that's that's
amazing for someone like me. I actually have been to Disney World once. Um I'm not a big fan honestly, but Uh huh. Yes, because uh we have been actually to uh Epcot, which is kind of like a fake version of europe. And if you are a european that was raised in europe, just looking some kind of like a small uh fake view of europe, it's kind of like uh it's almost funny. Yeah.
Yeah, that's just my opinion. And I would never push it on anybody. And my wife, she, uh, she loved, she likes Disney world and in any way we have a two year old, I will never stop him from going there.
Everybody
has to have their own opinion about the world. Yes.
My mother in law, she loves Disney world. She's in a wheelchair and she has a lot of
health
issues, but she's
like a little child
walked inside and she just adores everything Disney. So mickey mouse's, everything is mickey mouse and she just loves it.
Yes, absolutely. I'm sure that pretty much everybody probably talks about the coronavirus nowadays. Uh,
me and my wife, we love to watch, uh, your governor. I don't know whether you support him or not. We just, we just kind of like him and we have followed his updates. I thought that he speaks like very fluent and very, very thorough and he answers a lot of questions and immediately kind of connects with the crowd. I don't know what is your opinion about it?
Manila.
Because
Yes. It's very hard to please everybody. And um, I kind of can relate to that because my mom, she is actually a front line worker in europe. I'm actually originally from Bulgaria, It's right
next to Greece. Most people don't even know where Bulgaria is, so it's right by Greece and Turkey, we actually share a border with them, our southern borders with Greece and Turkey. Canada, A very small country, it's about the size, maybe 2/3 of the size of Tennessee if I could compare it by size. So, um, uh, my mom, she's a doctor and, but she's a pediatrician pulmonologist, so she gets to sometimes diagnosed Coronas with kids and things like
that, but the things are no better
there either, you know, and pretty much the small Bulgarian government, they follow whatever the United States says, we're kind of like a little puppet
like
all
over
the country.
I
agree,
I
I absolutely
agree with you. Me being a doctor son, I usually follow every guidelines and I don't think that it's such a big deal to wear a mask. And I actually find it sometimes
because you get to change your mass colors or whatever you want. We're actually trying to teach. We just bought a mask for our two year old son. We have a little boy and he looks
so cute, but he doesn't like it, of course. Yeah.
Absolutely.
Yes, I I agree with you. I myself used to be a teacher too, but a different kind of teacher. I am a tennis tennis teacher. I was a head tennis professional. Yeah, I was a tennis director at a country club in uh florida before I became a stay at home dad. And now actually our new lifestyle is actually very interesting. We sold our house two years ago and we live full time on the road. So uh
we actually uh I'm calling from our RV actually you can see there's other campers around us and we're staying in
in uh in uh north Carolina. But we recently purchased actually um 2020 acres of land here in North Carolina. So now we're working on putting the power the septic and we want to be farmers. Mhm.
So a lot of people actually think that uh I grew up in europe, and of course in europe, you know, all the homes are kind of like in new york, there are small apartments, uh they're no bigger than 200 square feet. Uh uh I actually grew up, my mother raised me in a very small apartment, so I'm used to the small spaces, but the afterward we sold our 3000 square foot home in florida because in florida, everybody has a giant square footage
that you have to hire
people
to maintain. And We just realized with my wife that we both work 80 hours a week and we had to hire a nanny to take care of our son and that didn't work anymore for us. And we were missing on, we were missing on family time, we were missing on time with our son, so we just decided to ditch all of their careers and uh sold everything we bought. This is a pretty big actually. Fifth
will we have our own bedroom? We have uh living room with a full sized refrigerator and an ice maker. We have a washer and dryer, we have a king size bed. Our son has his own room with um, Uh three bunkhouses. We have an outdoor kitchen and we have pretty much everything that we need. We got rid of all the
cars and now now we have a big duly that actually moves the fifth wheel and that's all we have. We have no debt. We're super excited.
So for the last two years we kind of traveled out west because we wanted to show our son all the beauties of the United States and my wife was the sole worker and um, I took the role of a stay at home dad and I take care of our son and do the cleaning, the cooking, which I absolutely don't mind. And um now we're um I have taken a little bit on online online stuff, doing small gigs here and there of course including prolific as one of those things and
she does the same and uh it's, it's a lot more nicer when you're out of debt and you have nothing really to worry about except cell phone bills and uh the campgrounds, of course, small rent,
you
have,
absolutely,
It
has,
absolutely,
Yes, you know, I think that a lot of young people and you're obviously younger than me, we're an hour, we just turned 40, me and my wife were actually a week apart And we uh I think that for me personally being raised in Europe because I moved to the states only
15
years
ago.
So my values are totally the opposite of the values of the Americans in Europe, it's not about Leaving home immediately at 18 and buying a huge house and getting buried in debt all the way above your head. The values are a lot more different there. You kind of stay with your family, you help the family, support you while you have kids and everything and make sure that you're out of school and college without any debt and then you decide what to do with your life. I have noticed here in the american system is putting you immediately in debt and try to put you kind of like you said in a big house with a fancy car with two or three kids and you're immediately buried. But it takes time I think for not only for the young people but in general and a lot of young people just like you said are starting to realize that that this is a broken dream. Very broken green. Yes. Mhm.
It's actually very close, very close. Yeah.
Well
Yes. I bet, I bet you
love
the
Persian food actually. Uh you said he was from Iran were very close close. So Bulgaria is close to Turkey, we share a border and Turkey shares borders I think with Iran Afghanistan. So there's a lot of influence from that culture into the Bulgarian culture. Yes.
Yeah. It's it's amazing. Once you start opening your m broadening your horizons for other cultures, you can see how everything changes from, from inside. Mhm.
Yes, that's that's really incredible. So my wife she's american but she was always open minded towards towards the european cultures and she had traveled all over europe but she has never been to Bulgaria.
Uh That's before we met, she has now visited three times and she loves going there. We we always have an amazing time. We were actually there february and we really lucked out
but we went to visit my mom and uh we had a wonderful time, we went skiing there, they have beautiful winter resorts and we were lucky because we got back right before older corona thing and everything happened and we had an amazing time again
and
our little guy he got
to see his his country to half of his country I guess.
I'm so sorry. Yeah
I
we had we had something not similar issue but because my passport was about to expire nine months so I double check and I wanted to make sure that everything would be fine with that thing. But we were we were good, we didn't have any any issues. Uh huh.
Good.
Uh Yeah I've been talking to my mom a lot about it and um because right now the european union actually has a restriction on us citizens and flight
to America, so although Bulgaria is not part of uh they're part of the european union but they're not part of Schengen which is another kind of like restriction for all the rich european nation. But I we she usually
comes about twice a year and I really want her to come and kind of see our new property and our new land and help us out a little bit because with a new land
there's so much
things
to do, we want to have chickens, we want to have goats, we, we want to start our farm and it will be very helpful whenever you have a parent to help you. I don't know if you guys have kids yet, but it's it's really helpful when, when you have someone just to give you a hand for a couple hours. Yes,
I moved uh almost, well it's been already 15 years, I moved
when I was 25 years old, so I was completely raised their, who've grown and raised in europe and I'm still kind of like learning how to speak southern, because my american upbringing
was
actually in Georgia
and they speak with a southern accent, which was very, I thought it was cool, but I prefer people from new york and the north because they speak a lot more clear and fluent because I was, I was british english, not southern or american english and I still,
my wife
still makes fun of me sometimes. Mhm.
I
actually uh came uh from one of the lottery's, I don't know if you've heard of the laundry green card lottery and I was one of the few lucky ones to actually have uh gotten a green card lottery. And that was thanks to the fact that actually my father was the one who actually won the lottery and during, because of the first bloodline I was able to kind of inherent that a privilege I guess. Yes,
yeah and uh I've always wanted to be part of a bigger society, bigger community because Bulgaria used to be a nice country and back in that and uh um during ah The 80s or early 90's America kind of like took over the country and destroyed everything, capitalism came and just destroyed the foundation of the society that we had. And since then the country has been going absolutely downhill and there is a huge immigration, all the young people are leaving the country, they usually move to europe to the big european western countries like England Italy Spain because they can't find work there. So now the country is one of the poorest in the european union. Uh huh, mm. Uh huh.
Yeah, it's uh at the airport they have a big slow slogan which says a small place for a great holiday, I guess that's what it is now, as
long
That's right, yes, the harry potter, I think the main hero, I think that he has Bulgarian ancestors or something like that. I think maybe his grandfather, I know just because I have just read some yellow pages or something like that.
but there's actually a lot of beautiful things. Uh a lot of people think that actually the feta cheese is greek
actually the real feta originates from Bulgaria. And uh the best feta is actually made in Bulgaria. It's just that it's not marketed a lot in the United States. But if you have an opportunity you should try. And the other thing is actually that yogurt, the bacteria that was found in yogurt was invented in Bulgaria. So the Bulgarian yogurt and the latin name of the bacteria has Bulgaria in it. The latin
name of the yeah there's what,
Yeah another thing is that also Bulgaria is the biggest export exporter of rose oil. There's huge rose rose rose fields in Bulgaria and in every french Cologne or perfume like Chanel five or all the other fancy brands. There's a little bit of Bulgarian rose oil. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. Also I think that another big invention that we pride ourselves is that actually the inventor of the computer is Bulgarian. His name is john john Atanasoff. Yes.
It was, I noticed that we're at the 25 minute mark and I apologize because my son actually, it's time to start prepping his food and
putting
him to sleep. But I it was an absolute pleasure to speak with you. Was very nice to meet you. Although it was over the over the video. I hope that you your family, your husband and everybody will stay healthy. Especially in these challenging times. It's nice to know that there are other people that share the same values and beliefs about the masks and about social distancing. And I hope that actually the school year for you will be very successful and what they call it gentle and uneventful mm
and
safe.
Thank you so much. Bye.