Okay. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. What? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I can't Mhm. Well sure. Okay. Yeah. Something yeah. He's working with from taking four. Yeah. Yeah. Hey me. Okay. Mhm. Yeah mm. Yeah. Yeah. Who? And he's like, wow okay. What? Oh that's right. Uh huh. Oh yeah. Yeah, I'm gonna be. Mhm. I think yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I'm people are stupid north. Yeah. Well, what do you think people are? Yeah. What? Nothing more people hope you're not? Oh yeah. Yeah, meaning that we call me. Hey, I'm not younger. 40 12 at night. So. Uh huh. No. Uh huh. No, not even. Yeah. Oh okay. No. Yeah. Yeah you are. Yeah. Yeah. A pack. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Right. Yeah tuck. It is real. And that's because of the war life matter mask Because cool buddy. Okay. I never called you a racist. I set the black lives matter buddy, right? I said black lives matter if you are so reasonable because I can't pass this as black. I left last night three a week. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You Yes. Mhm. But
Oh my God. Okay.
not bad. You ever done one of these?
My partner for a couple weeks ago was a no show. Uh
This is number three. My first one was awesome. Some some young lady that had just gotten her pilot's license. She's going to fly like commercial aircraft. Cool.
I'm not that interesting. So
derek.
definitely put the conversation on her. Were you out of?
Indianapolis? Oh
calmer than Seattle.
Mhm. We had our riots and buildings burning and things like that and I'm in a suburb so I didn't even really notice other than the esa is going off on the phone a couple times.
Yeah
back
I did some time up there at Fort Lewis Washington, loved the area. So I'm about three months and uh, got to explore the Seattle Tacoma area. I don't even know if it's still called Fort Lewis, The army base
over there.
This was like 15 years ago, so.
I I thought I'd remember that name change or hearing something about it. So before.
Oh yeah. And that is the most awkward thing someone can say because I did 18 years and I still don't know how to react to that. Used to used to, you know, get people approach you in the airports and stuff and they thank you and it's like I needed college money but you're welcome.
Yeah.
Yeah. I grew up in Meth ville usa. It was definitely economic driven. You either really like working in a warehouse, you become law enforcement or you join the military, your hands and face, sweetie. I'll take care of the plate when I'm done. We're watching
uh singular one. Uh the I picked mostly times when I don't have because I've split custody and they just happen to nail, they picked the one time slot that would have overlapped that so prolific. No,
I
mean
25 minutes. Right? Uh now it's like, so this is my 3rd 1. It's it's quite all right. Just scraping by. So the prolific money helps. I do pretty good on there. Yeah, especially
if you keep, if you can because you can keep it up on mobile too. So when I'm out doing my other stuff and stuff pops through. I mean I've been a member for like three months and I think I've cleared four or 500 bucks so. Oh
thanks.
No, when when I'm at home lounging, watching tv I'll have I'll at least have it up in a tab. So when I see the little one icon or what have you I'll just click over and do whatever. I've been lucky to get several uh covid related panels and things like things that pay you know 10 15 20 bucks a pop. Uh One of them was
a six or eight week covid one. That was 20 bucks a pop. So that was kind of nice €20 which I guess is 25 clocks. But so yeah I love the panel. Uh Yes I did get you a new toothbrush. Remember what I said about when I'm on my call though and we can talk afterwards. That's why I put your movie on. Yeah you need to go back in there and look in the mirror and check out your face again though. You did not wash your face and hands. Okay. Little Miss Independent at 4.5 years old.
Uh 4.5. Um Her second year of preschool, she started a couple days ago. So these little Miss Independent.
No,
no, it's it's like
it's
live
not a fan, I'm not the primary custodian. So uh huh. I might have said, hey this is a bad idea, but they're driving forward like the regular middle school and high schools and stuff actually started today. So they're still even though we're putting up record numbers, they're still driving forward with it.
I don't remember when Labor Day is, but I remember when I was in school not starting to like late august almost september and now I'm like it's still july, what are we doing?
Well?
Yeah. Yeah, no that's, I went to one of those for elementary. Uh huh.
Very beginning. Ding Ding Ding Ding. What? You know, if it fits the indiana stereotype most people can't find indian on a map. So
boys.
Oh no, I've lived in eight different states. So been all over even here, which I mean, I was born in Virginia, but I grew up here, but when I talk to old friends and stuff here, they're like, you know, they'll tell me I have an accent because I've traveled so much with the military and then the job I took after the military that yeah, Where are you from here? Right here two blocks from you.
I have
are
at least favorite. Utah
Oh yeah, no, that part's great uh culture was, wasn't,
it wasn't a good fit. Uh actually volunteered for Afghanistan to get out of Utah That was a mistake. So I, I traded a mountainous either extremely hot, extremely cold religious dominated society. And I went to Afghanistan for a mountainous, extremely hot or simply called religious dominated society. And I'm like I should have paid more attention in geography that
was not well executed. So yes, I still have a few friends from Utah and I like to joke. That definitely sucks. So that I volunteered to go to the Middle East. Get out. So
No, I mean,
oh I mean can you sit and watch it your your little distracting with your half cart wheels there. Um I saw legs kicking up in my peripheral. Um No, I mean favorites home indiana. I mean everybody thinks their place sucks. You know, having lived in damn near you know, fifth of the U. S. It's all just real estate home is what you make it so. Uh
All
Bye.
So I uh my last corporate job I was attached to the staffing company that provides the bulk of the labour for amazon. So I I have followed the impact of amazon main headquarters on Seattle. Uh Because Indianapolis was one of the cities in the running for consideration for their H. Q. Q. Headquarters. Uh And was not looking forward to that. Well looks like I'll be selling my house in five years. Yeah the the traffic and the infrastructure and the real estate and the the homelessness epidemic. I mean. Mhm.
Car.
No
I
have four
o'clock
you
know
we call
that over here
that's called small town inertia. Yeah I mean that yeah you get your good old boys that you know they work in the same factory, they go to the same pub a few nights a week. You know they they're never gonna do anything. They're just good old boys, they're held down by that small town inertia and that seems to be what you're describing. Let
me see
small town by any stretch but the philosophy seems to be applicable.
Hi.
Yeah I had the exact opposite effect. When I lived in Utah, I was completely surrounded by mountains and that made me feel I'm not claustrophobic but I felt so compressed. So yeah, no for me there is nothing more beautiful than the sun coming up with rolling plain or soybean fields are corn as far as the eye can see. That's beauty to me. So it's the exact opposite of what you were just for you, the mountains or security for me, they are barriers there restrictions. That's
that's funny because I've never had anyone articulate the exact opposite of what I experience.
Hello,
happen better the devil. You know I mean every place has, you know things that you're going to dislike about it but you know something to be said
for
at least knowing how to get around, knowing where to avoid knowing, you know what you were saying like there's places in Seattle you don't go to uh there's
there's
places in India I could I could heat map of the crime stuff for a matter of fact, there's an app for that. But uh yeah there's this part of town you don't mess with. No. Yeah.
I
mean it depends if he's wanting to be like a five star chef or if he's wanting to start his own gig. I had a boss named rob Becker. Um He was a regional manager for that staffing company I was talking about. But his real passion was like beer and barbecue, that's what he liked to do. He ended up quitting the company and I didn't know until I moved back here and bought my house, but he's actually from this area. Well he opened way on the west side of indie out when you get into your smaller towns and stuff, which is all just a big suburb conglomerate, you know. But he opened a barbecue place called the rusted silo and they're renowned for their beer and barbecue and he's doing amazing. Um actually when everybody was shut down during the covid stuff, he made national news on accident. Um Honestly I can pull up the CNN article um because this restaurant got broken into while everything was shut down,
the place was vandalized, some equipment stolen, uh you know, kegs of beer stolen, things like that. Uh And I mean he called the police and did a police report and stuff. But following the theme of his restaurant, he printed old style yellowed scrolled wanted posters and put up thousands of them around the metro area in south. I mean his ex wife owns a little printing business. So I know how he was able to do it, but but it was cool. I mean they were just like you would see for, you know jesse James and billy the kid and stuff information leading to the arrest of these. Plus the part of the offer was free beer and barbecue for life if your information leads to the apprehension of these guys. Well, somebody turned it into national news and it got like a quarter million hits the article did on CNN it was amazing. Plus social media, which I don't do social media, but I heard it was real big on there too. So
It.
wow, Restaurants. Maybe my friend Barry owns two bars here. One of them I frequent just
down
the brother in another 15 minutes away and he's holding it due to some of the provisions. Like I guess they're going to do a second round of plagues checks that's in the works. There's going to be more help for small businesses. What we call it, by the way? It's played checks. It's not stimulus money. Bring on your flag check. Uh You know, I like free money. Hello. I mean hasn't really impacted what I do now. So uh
Leader.
that's not even legal here.
Can
we get
your politicians to talk to mine? Because I mean texas has drive through liquor stores. I mean that's for the alcoholic on the go. But to go cocktail sounds amazing.
That
would be life changing for
me.
How
I'm thinking about those roadside literal like slushy vendors. But now they now they can put Malibu roman stuff and that would be amazing.
What?
All
So you
Yeah, the problem here is we are what's considered bible belt. Sure. You know that term? So this is a very much red state with the exception of like the five major cities that are all blue. So you have like a 4060 difference. Unfortunately the 60s the rural population. Uh So progress is slow. We're completely surrounded by some form of legalized marijuana. I mean every state around us. It's funny when you look at a map of it because we are like this conservative oasis uh which I don't know being a blue surrounding what they think they're stopping. But they just a few months ago decriminalized possession below like you know, I don't do marijuana so I don't you know what it is, but very small amounts they actually angle by the arresting you anymore. And that was like big news over here. Yeah. And then y'all are walking down the street smoking over there. So
but
your urban areas population wise for the state offset that make you more blue, don't they?
Black.
Back.
Yeah.
Back.
Well, I mean the popular vote seems to favorite blue, which I'm a live and let live sort of guy. If it doesn't directly impact me, I don't care you
do you?
Mhm. I mean it is things like that is just a matter of time. You can't put the milk back in the cow. I mean it's gonna happen. Just question how much of a pain in the butt everybody's gonna be. So we all get there. Yeah.
People.
yeah. Uh huh vera and left here. What? Why? Why do you do prolific?
that's
Pierre
Money?
Is that what you said? There's actually a Reddit forum called Beer Money, which is how I heard about this.
That's
how you learn about these little sites and hustles and stuff. Do
you do, do you do read it at all?
Check
out,
check
out the subreddit beer money. It's all about like I also do Slag bucks. You're familiar with that?
I don't
lot
of
product
report card is another one. I do. I mean when I don't have my daughter, I am just sitting here when I'm not working bored out of my mind and I got turned onto this is like I could be sitting here bored out of my mind doing mindless surveys for money. And then I started learning about panels and study groups and like I got a seven PM tomorrow. It's You know, for 45 minutes of my time and it's $25 worth of gift cards. Okay. So
I saved those up and then I'll buy little things that I want for myself and it doesn't come out of my check. So if I'm getting things that I want for what amounts to free. So uh
there
ha
ha ha. Yeah.
All
renaissance
woman look at Yeah.
How
about
couple of last
time.
Well prolific is really no pressure. I mean, other than these when you got to commit to a time, it's just as they pop up. And I love that. I mean that, that's why I hate it when like six pop up at once, it's like, could we not space these out? I mean, do you ever have that happen when there's just like a whole slew of prolific and you're like, and they're all little three minutes, seven minutes, blah blah blah 50 10, 65 cents. But it's like, there's nothing for two hours and then
that is so annoying to me because I want to do all six
by the time I finished 13 of them have vanished, you know,
but trump
where I've had success with swag bucks is actually I've gotten into um like I'm doing a three day remesch panel, which is just a three day survey. You spend like five minutes each day answering questions. Uh We're talking about 20 liter soda bottle designs, I guess, seven ups considering changing their bottle design for this one and they're soliciting for feedback, But its 15 minutes of my time, it's going to come out to $17. Okay.
And then the panel tomorrow night is about skincare product. Hey, I'm brown, I'm half mexican, so I use lotion and I have to, because I do get Ashy and stuff, so I just legit answer the question. I'm like, hey, guess what dude, you qualify. Okay, 25 bucks. So I mean then there's these, which this is a good paying one and it's not terribly difficult. Some people are really awkward about talking to a complete stranger. I'll talk to anyone out there. Uh So yeah,
I
was a platoon
sergeant in the army, so having to get up in front of 60 soldiers and brief them and field questions. And I was a drill instructor for three years. So public speaking, I did theater in high school. So public speaking never was a thespian. Uh, public speaking has never been an issue. The other thing I was gonna say about swag bucks if you still have an account and I haven't tried it is their games Plan. They've got one for like $60 right now. If you download a slots game and reach a certain level in like a month, You get 60 bucks. I mean I've blown through every game available. I hate mobile games hate them. But it's easy money. I put that slide on auto spin and go to sleep. Wake up and there I go. It's this easy money. Well, not not
egg to consider. Definitely check out beer money. There's another one called mturk
come.
Well,
that's amazon sponsored. Uh All right.
Yeah. Uh, it's anything from transcribing what somebody is saying on audio actually into, you know, well, a transcription two something was translated poorly from chinese to english. And you have to take your best shot at figuring out what the gist of what was trying to be explained
was just a whole bunch of stuff that a I can't seem to do very well yet. So it's you're just jerking your way along. That's
not.
Hey,
I mean like I don't sit here and do the mindless surveys or whatever. All the other stuff, the games that they have, like mobile watch where you can download an app and play videos on your file. Let that run all night while I'm sleeping, wake up. There's a buck. Okay. Uh Yeah, I just the mindless surveys, but occasionally I keep it up. I got three different survey things up on the computer right now and I'll hit refresh and occasionally you'll see a five minute $26. I know that's one of those remesch multiple day ones where it's going to be a 45 to an hour channel, you know, and they're always in the evening. They I mean so $25 to point. I think I've made damn near 1000 bucks on swag bucks since october uh
I mean
that
for me that made christmas happen, why I started in october, I started looking at this because I lost my corporate gig. I haven't really recovered from that. Uh
No, it's it's fine. I'm a survivor. I just went back to working with my hands and using my other skills rather than managerial and data analytics and stuff like that. From October to like mid December. I made like $300 on, they're just blowing through surveys and games and all that. And that led this young lady have christmas. So it was you know, I just kept it up because pay free money.
Uh He seems to like me. What do you think, Gracie? My good dad. I can't hear you not. Yes. All
I think we're on time. Um
Alright, awesome. Nice meeting you and best of luck with all of your endeavors.
All right. Take care.