Hi,
how's it going?
I did one a couple of weeks ago. Yeah, what about you?
no, I'm sorry to hear that.
Oh no kidding, that's super interesting. I love it.
That's
okay. I kind of feel the same way, so no worries,
Seattle. What about you?
how are things going over there?
Uh huh. I mean it's it's really not as bad as the media says. How about that?
Yeah, geographically Seattle's like a really long
student. Um So it's really easy to stay out of different neighborhoods and just kind of not even realize that there's a whole lot
going on.
there
is a fort Lewis but uh
no, there is a Fort Lewis up here, but everybody usually goes down to um oh it's lewis mcchord now is what it is and it's down in Tacoma.
well, thank you for your service.
Yeah. You know what, that's fair. Um for what it's worth. I feel awkward saying it because I, you know recognize a lot of it is people kind of just taking opportunities as they can. Um
And
like you have kids.
Well
I'll
try not to eat too much of your time or more than the 25 minutes.
The spirit.
Okay. Apparently I need to do better because I've been here for two months and
like not even 100 but I'm probably not as diligent as I could be.
No.
What? Oh my gosh. I was just about to ask how old
are they doing in person? In Indianapolis or is it all over zoom still or
in person?
And
how
do you feel about that?
that seems really early. I I guess I don't know how earnest states group but in Seattle we don't start until after a little bit all. Yeah.
I mean on our high school didn't even have an A.
C. System so it would be prohibitively hot too sudden students to school.
It ain't fun.
I think
I probably could. I stayed pacific coast my whole life though.
Do you have did you have
like any favorite states
in particular?
Utah so pretty though.
that's fair.
no
yikes. Okay. Well fair. I would totally understand that.
Never.
That is fair. Yeah I grew
up not feeling like Seattle was home and then once
my situation changed and I started developing a career here I was able to quickly make it home and now I get it. But growing up I was like no I'm I'm gonna get out of here.
there's a lot of problems here um But you know with what amount of travel I have been able to do I still always feel inclined to come back because I
I hate to say
it but like I've never
felt like I would
be able
to stay long term anywhere else
I'm
happy
to
what?
no
I really,
yeah it's a lot of different things, it's
you know I love how much opportunity there is here, whether it's to develop a career or like where I can go um on friday night and then there's just the view around me. I was in charlotte last year and I looked around, we had yet driven out to the Blue Ridge Mountains but I was in charlotte and I was like it looks so flat and I feel so vulnerable you know I have to be somewhere super mountainous.
Hello.
I mean I've asked other people like if they've had anything remotely somewhere and they're like no I feel neither way
about mountains or like how flat it is. But yeah it just occurred to me that like oh this is a part of what I consider home and how interesting.
You
know
that's
true.
No I guess another thing that keeps me in Seattle is my partner is a chef and so he would need to live somewhere that has some kind of a food scene so we're never going to be able to really establish ourselves in like a smaller town where uh there's not as many options
for him to grow.
Well no.
I mean that's really great marketing, I know a lot of the restaurants in our area also experienced um some break ins like at the very start of Covid
but the most part I'm surprised how well the restaurants have been able to weather well storm.
What was
her harder?
some bars
have done okay and that they've done like to go cocktail style thing. Uh
it wasn't legal until Covid hit and then the businesses were like okay we can't stay afloat unless we can sell alcohol
so they
don't,
you know I can go downstairs for our apartment and I can pick up like a couple margaritas to go like in a sippy cup um across the screen I can get flushes alcoholic suffering and then up the block I can get custom crack open a bottle.
So
their
package like it's an old fashioned like
frozen cocktail out and you just pop it in your fridge and you can drink right out of the bottle if you wanted to.
There's like green apple slash tv's and strawberry
banana slashes at all the flavors you can want.
It's insane. I just
I hope that that stays.
Well uh as liberal as Seattle gets, I like to say that if you go 22 miles in any direction we'll hit Trump country. And it's true, like you write all these words sometimes surprisingly
close to Seattle. Um
I mean Seattle and Tacoma really the only stereotypically blue areas everywhere else is really red. They were very against um decriminalizing marijuana. They would figure against
any like the marriage initiatives. Um They're still
fighting back against any Mac mandates. Um
So
I think because of the population density were considered more blue, but geographically we're pretty entirely red.
well, and
the people who lean blue here are considerably much more left leaning than I think other blue states, so we really pull left.
You know,
some people take longer than others, it's unfortunate, but it's a reality.
Um Yeah, it's just like extra
beer money. Honestly, my
um I didn't
want,
no shit.
That's funny
how
I do.
Yeah, I can't believe
I haven't
heard of this.
I am, I
haven't had really great
luck
with that. I feel like it's too much effort
for the outcome. Yeah.
Yeah.
I uh I kind of have a lot of different that hustle is going on at any time before this, I was doing a lot of walking and dog sitting um which
people who a lot
of money from here
because everybody has evolved, nobody wants to take care of them and then, you know,
I have a small like getting fall and I uh do the surveys to help
balance things, so one,
my, my dad taught me to always going to have three or four things to stay afloat. So
that has helped mitigate some
of the harder athletics economic effects of the crisis. Um but you know, also means that like I'm constantly juggling
into nine
things in my head at any given moment.
yep, I get that as well.
chicken.
Yeah, I try to screen for the ones that pay out a little higher than the rest when
I see multiples. Yeah.
It's not bad.
I do tend to veer a little bit on the mortar fire reserves it, um non parking the shoulders. It's just very outside
the cultural norm in Seattle.
It's
That's smart.
I'm chuck.
I feel like I've heard
of it.
Right,
True.
I
do some stuff through like upward and fiber, which are a little bit more like effort insistence and time intensive, but it's more stuff than my real happens and skills. So I do a lot of people reading treating a lot
of editing and you know, I get hired on by project fulfilled but it works
Okay. Maybe I
should
check it out again.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah, sure. But it sounds like you're a good dad.
Very cute.
I was just gonna say I'll let you go spend what time you have left with your daughter that's more important than this.
Thank you. You too.
Bye bye.