Or the
group? I just finished finished
my glasses. Are you doing?
No this is pretty much uh pretty for all you can talk about whatever.
Okay. uh just 25 minutes I think.
Uh Well I've been good. Uh I recently finished my classes better than expected actually so that's
that's some good
news for a change. Yeah.
Um No I'm not too comfortable with the online classes to be honest.
I think it's just
both
Oh you know I do kind of feel that too in a sense that's that's like convenient but I feel it's too convenient.
Oh yeah I kind of work right
now
but like uh international
work.
Like I'm not from the US
I'm from Panama
so I kind of
I cannot
work here. So I what the company was there but through the computer.
Yeah. Yeah I don't like actually work in the U. S. Like my work is in Panama. I just log into the computer to the porto. Do whatever my mom tells me to do.
More like me right. Just gonna get this called for stupid things
like the printer doesn't work or uh the network connection is kind of unstable so just connect through you
were
control
one of the office computers and work
from
there very much.
well in here in the US it's it's tricky but I feel bad for my family because in Panama latin american governments often so they don't know what the hell to do. They have everybody on lockdown and restaurant owners and whoever works rita and stuff like that. They cannot work and they're still asking for rent and stuff so screw screwed up man. Seriously like
extremely
corrupt. You are right.
man
it's just the way it is. I it's sad of it. Uh I mean it's it's history like you see it all over and with latin american governments especially they always choose this phony who promises things never complies and ends up doing something
else and then they already spaced off but they chose him so for her. So
that's the politician game.
but I feel it's especially common in latin America and probably merely just, well like having this dictators just running rampant because I think people swallow too much bullshit from people. Like the overall like the countries I want to say they're mostly uneducated because that's been fixed but they're mostly uneducated so they make bad decisions.
Where you from? But you're from the US. Which part I'm in texas
Oh I heard one out. No
I recently went to san Francisco to visit my cousin.
Yeah. You know what knocked me as extremely sad. Like I walked down Mission Street on the castro district and I could tell you I saw about 1-2 homeless per block straight up.
You'll see 10 still
see clothing, stuff like that and it breaks my heart. So I asked my cousin how much his rent here In Spain for a one bedroom. 2900. Of course that's it. Grant
2900
one bedroom. But yeah he did pick a very convenience but I think he's on Pine Hill so so he's got this amazing view. But it comes with a price I guess. Yeah but still I mean He told me the average is about 15 number.
Yeah. I mean when I heard uh I was surprised to like honestly I
can see why people are struggling to make ends meet not only that but going out tonight like to places you see all the prizes so elevated like We went out eating, it was like 50 books,
Three people.
We're here in Texas. You
pay like
30 for two people.
Yeah. You know that
you can
buy like a house in
texas with a Snicker bar or something.
Yeah, way cheaper. Uh
Well it's kind of complicated.
I mean I need to be sponsored unless I'm married an american, but that's not my plan. Like
that's
the
most cliche thing to do is coming here to find an american
to get a visa. That's what you say. I don't like it.
Oh, I know 90 day finance today. Have you seen that
I mean Yeah,
believe
it.
Well if it happens
to like I'm not, I want to be that guy like oh yeah, I can be a paper soon.
I made a couple people but nobody for dating. I'll say not much, not much. Um Actually uh my ex girlfriend, she knows Panamanian as well but she moved here. That's kind of the reason I came here as well, Working there for like two years. But
Yeah, because we were getting tricky and from 21 and we started there
like 18,
19. So
It's
a big change from 18 to 20.
Hey, we still thought, but I don't know. It's not that there's not that connection that there was before. It was kind of weird actually, extremely honestly.
that's true.
She does ask
me like how I'm doing it, How is university going,
stuff like
that? So we didn't end on bad terms. It's like we were going to this
and he was,
it kind of felt like we were in
decided to cut it off.
Yeah. I mean
I like to think there's still time.
it's really harder like
when
you get older that's why a little
bit
scared.
Tony.
You
need
more people
range like
my special committee
that was kind of
hoping to
like she was reluctant was being foreign. Imagine.
it hurts to a
reality. You like that. Mm.
I'm studying computers.
But
No, it's good to get a
little bit
of
drug this for the real work
I did used to work with
and I was pretty
I realized I'm a better uh Yeah, the work right now or are you still starting?
we're still footing or you know working
when you're laid off
in the same situation with you
but you're gonna horrible for everyone here in the school.
it's not
is to work with experience.
No, no. Him
like
he used to work with Expedia,
but then
he
changed
to a smaller way forward, the story company who was paying him more. But once Covid hit
the small company later,
many more people in this video. But if he had made, he made
no, no, luckily.
And consider essential computers.
I mean the California power he's being
been
trying
for
for four months.
Yeah, I mean at least
is working?
It
is,
yeah. A lot of Children are infected over here for some reason and they're supposed to be like, you know the system to it. Okay. Which I think honestly because it makes you think what's going to happen when the school is open?
Can you make the like, oh, I got a ticket from one.
You gotta
stay
with
money.
That's great.
You don't know
Jack about sanitation of the game the kids. I used
to be dirt when I was like, yeah. Like
honestly they're not equipped to
the decisions
or provincial.
That has been very good.
I got a lot
of little
no. Yeah, I want that. That's happening.
What
what's your prediction?
Do you make
of
that's my inside you. I'm not in California. Mhm.
So what we were talking about? Oh yeah, you're seeing a couple of years.
like the
whole in this year
for the your they're not going to normal food
couple of years.
wall territory of my text.
I've seen periods of the police.
This lady,
this lady was
just walking her dog
in the house
and that's considered street for the police. So there was and they left the doctor we left off an election of war because they didn't have animal services. Somebody had to come actually fucking Seriously.
I don't know what's wrong with.
Stop.
Yeah. Usually quite a thick I
favor and I don't talk
to the south americans when I opened my mouth and my accent himself. Okay.
I was recently doing a prolific story about like police inequality. I'm there was this uh like measurement of the notion of how much do you count the points? You see like black people hispanic way of why people don't trust them more. But it's been in the knee lowering more
Then from 2014.
I think it started
like this
up to this year. I mean you're
spoiled and stuff with you. Clearly see how
it for.
Stop.
I never seen something like that. I am right now.
Well,
okay. That was something else.
Um, I think that there's
this good interview,
This tide
of
intuitive, it's called all gas. No brakes.
He was interviewing protesters.
He's
got some
of the crazy for coming
up
with
everyone. I check it out later.
Yeah, go out
on the square.
No, no, no, that
didn't happen here.
I can
bet whoever
try that here instantly arrested institute.
I thought it was so funny when
they loaded
among me on the then your face. So that the uh street school, they got
locked remote. All of them. Let's return to 1 3.
Yeah, I mean
they like Children. Mhm.
I mean like how they stole from the small business before. I wasn't technically. Yeah,
I will help them. Not with small businesses because I I mean my family kind of small businesses. It can feel like they don't have this massive tastic
marketer.
It really hurts when he looked
like it's the equivalent of just
getting braked in and getting your shit stolen because that's pretty much it. So I thought that that was nothing like that can be any, you know, with friends, starts
my family too.
That part I was not okay.
I also came with the protests and about the license, the police district, uh prison time.
That was okay. My doctor. But I don't know.
I mean, people were best. Right. Mhm. Like, I'll never know what people like, feels like home planet can't kind of a simple no.
It's the way it is. I mean,
probably don't talk with your help. So if I thought on this, Yeah.
So that's a giveaway straight up that I'm not from here.
They always have to be worried for Man
Moss.
Yeah. They're like, what's not in africa one Year in Mexico.
Come on. Yeah nobody knows.
you're very probably that my name.
2nd guess what's right my next one. I mean my friends have more creative things than me. It's called Rock. You know other girls Joshua?
I got fucking one
out
of war. Uh huh.
Yes I mean there's some reason one of the
professors won't get it. I just told him Remember me as the # one in your class number home you know Free up. Done a little bit crazy. But
but it worked out he never forgot my name after.
Well I mean
it's always you always say that I work towards them. It's never the other way around
yep it is where it
is me you're gonna deal with the elements. Yeah
yeah let's wait the extra
minute. Yes make sure I wanted to you know do you have any game recommendations from I can tell you play games for some reason.
No better.
it's the whole,
mm. Well I never
heard of that one.
Mhm. Are you going to church and build up? That's all
I can tell you about.
I hate it. I always get
always get disqualified.
Pressure.
I mean that thanks you honestly. The 80s something current or like a skin And one Bright Boris mixed up.
Thanks for your feeling of
it was nice meeting you all