I agree.
I'm good. How are you?
Get me? Time were set up.
I don't
want
I had one yesterday and my person didn't show up, so kind of sucks.
But but yeah.
All
I'm pretty good. I'm from michigan. Yeah.
area. Cool.
Yeah, I can like introduce myself if you want it. So my name is morgan. I am 22 years old. Just graduated from college in May. Um I like I said I live in michigan. I love my family. Um I have eight siblings. I come from a really big family. Um What else? I'm currently not working, but I'm looking for a job. I'm trying to work in the marketing and advertising industries and yeah, I'm missing something. That's that's it.
Uh I majored in communication and media, which was basically like advertising um and cognitive science, which was all about how people make their decisions and stuff. So consumer behavior, stuff like that,
University of michigan.
Right
now.
I agree.
me, me neither. Yeah.
Very
sad time.
No, very satisfied with the results, excited to see what happens next. So.
Yeah. I'm kind of a
little sad
that I couldn't walk the stage, couldn't really graduate, but
you know, it's fine. It is what it is. Um Yeah. So I'm like kind of hoping that we shut back down a little bit just with all the the spikes in cases that have been happening recently. Um, but yeah, we'll see where binders when he gets in
the office.
late.
Well,
I'm
not going
to know
or I know they were talking about that vaccine. Uh, it might be able to come out by the end of the year, but I don't know if, you know, we have a lot of anti-Vaxxers and you know people, so I don't know if everyone will take it.
Hello?
Yeah.
No.
Hi.
I mean I feel like it is a concern that the pandemic was so sudden and it's like are they rushing it with making the vaccine? Like are they putting like the time and care into making something that's safe? Oh, so like I share the same feelings with you. Like I'm very pro vaccine, but I'm also like I'm not going to be in that first group that gets it and you know
what?
Yeah. I definitely
understand. So I so we'll see what happens with that. Um Yeah. And we still have two more bunch of
trump. So who knows? Yeah
he still
hasn't conceded
right He's
still
it's
desperation
at this
point.
yeah I see
it everywhere
like they are distraught and you know they're doing all these different rallies like here at the um this place called the TCF center where they were counting the votes in Detroit, they showed up in crowds and the protests and everything like let it go, it's fine. Yeah.
he said
that's hearing it like you didn't see democrats out here like freaking out blowing stuff up when trump won in 2016 like it's fine, it's okay.
right now
you know and what you were saying with them coming from Ohio that's like a trend here so back when they were doing the George Floyd protests here in Detroit like people were getting arrested, they were getting tear gas and all that stuff and with them, um, like breaking into buildings and stuff that was all out of state people or like up north people, like why? Like you're detracting from the goal, you're creating chaos like for what? Like you're from, Ohio, Why do you care what the michigan governor is doing? Right.
You
lost at home. I'm
having
time.
Like
I honestly,
yeah, honestly with coronavirus, like, I mean, I had plans after I graduated, but I don't mind
that I'm at home, like it's fine. You know, like I have time to get a job. I live at my parents house. We're not struggling financially. Like they don't mind that I'm here. Like honestly I want, I want us to re lockdown. We have to at this point because
that I
I do
remain. I just want to um you know, my dad just went to Sam's Club like down the road and he said that some guy was about to fight an employee because he didn't want to put a mask on. Like why it's a mess. And I keep seeing people just around town. No mask on like in big groups and stuff. Like if everyone would wear a mask, we could get out of this quicker. We could be like Australia who has zero cases now because they all wear masks for, you know, four or five months. But no, we are with what do we just passed 100,000 cases in a day or
something?
frank
for me.
We're
going,
What?
It's
like
people
don't, right. it's like people don't remember what hospitals were going through at the beginning of the pandemic with them not having enough PPE E. Um them having were garbage bags as like shields I guess. Uh reusing mass. All that stuff like we don't want to go back to that like we are losing progress at this point
so.
my gosh.
I saw
video
that had like one of those blue mass and they like cut it open. They took the wire out that like you squeeze around your nose and they were like this is a five G antenna that's taking all your data. Like what?
People ate it up. They were like oh my God stop using mad. It's just like people are crazy. I don't know what's going. Yeah.
Or both.
I'm just gonna pray for them and hope for the best because uh huh
absolutely.
Yeah. And I'm, I'm kind of worried like from here, where do we go? Yeah, where do we go from here? Because you had a big majority or a big, big amount of people in the US voting for somebody like trump like, so what do we do now? And there's always the concern like I've seen videos of trump supporters being like, we're going to cause chaos, we're going to kill people stuff like that like and what kind of where what's gonna happen with crime, like his crime going to go up? I don't know. It's just so much to think about. Like I'm rambling at this point, but like I'm
worried
I'm a little
worried.
Absolutely.
Women's rights. Uh
No.
true.
No.
Yeah. I feel like I looked at um like an article a few days ago, I think that pretty much show like the vast majority of minority voters, you know, vote for the Democratic candidate women. I mean, specifically minority women, there's still, you know, a situation with white white women. Um and like college, college educated people tend to vote more democratic. Like, like you said, it's definitely like that white older generation um and specifically like people who didn't go to college, I guess. Um we're kind of stuck in their ways and not willing to be open to that. Um Yeah, it
doesn't
replacement.
Absolutely.
Yeah. Yeah. I feel like that's that's a critique I have of like a lot of people my age, they don't actually take the time to research the parties or the candidates and their policies and they're just pretty much voting how their parents vote. Um which is that's not being an educated or informed voter at all, Great. Um And yeah, like you said, it's just how people are raised like uh actually, oh back in March, right before everything shut down, I went to D. C. Um and I went to the african american Museum Museum Mayer with my
acquire
that. Yeah, I loved it. Oh my God, like amazing. I would go back in a heartbeat.
But yeah, we were standing in the lobby waiting for our tour guide and this group came in, they the kids had to be no older than 12, they all had mega hats on and I'm like, and I'm just like, you all don't even know you're too
young
to
know, right? Maggots? Yeah, like you're too young to know what trump's policies are, you don't even know what he's doing to this country, you just blindly thought like they didn't buy those heads themselves, their parents bottle for them, and it's just it's disappointing because, you know, two elections from now to presidential elections from now, they're going to vote Republican because that's what their parents told them to do. Uh
So I don't know, it just I just wish younger people will be a little bit more um enthusiastic about learning um are getting involved in politics, I guess.
Whoa.
What?
Afternoon.
I feel
like
one of
the
things,
I think that one of the things that frustrated me was I had some friends who, uh, friends and family members who chose not to vote, um and they didn't give good arguments, like that's what always gets me. So they would post on social media, I'm not voting, there's nothing you can say about it, and then people would comment and be like, you know, these are the reasons you should vote. Like, why why do you think you shouldn't do you think your vote doesn't matter, bob bob bob, and they will get mad. They would argue with everyone, and
it's
just
there's
never
We
under
it.
Right. Like, people have to recognize we're pretty much a two party system, like, so, you know, I'm all for it. Like if you're libertarian do your thing, but like, recognize what that does in an election like this,
I honestly,
I don't know anything
about them.
I mean,
if we're only worried about ourselves, how are we supposed to get, Yeah.
We're gonna have to get used to each other, so, yeah.
Great. All right. Well, it looks like my, my timer has gone off as your is gonna.
sure. That's
fine.
I was supposed to be my third. I did one successfully before and then the second one yesterday didn't work out. Uh
it's like,
They
are
like, yeah, the two conversations I've had so far have been nice. I've been a little worried like, you know,
you never know.
prolific is such a great like
survey site. It's, you can make money so quick and like most of the surveys are pretty short or if they're not, they're fun like this. Um But yeah, it's such a good website like compared to all the
other ones.
One.
Well, I just joined in september and I've made uh probably close to like 200 so far, so
I
feel like I'm on a good track. Yeah.
Can't
take that.
Well, I didn't even think about that before. That's, wow. Okay.
Mexico.
you said 1.25 or higher.
Excellence.
Great website. Yeah. Um
so I just signed up for pine cone research, you know that um
which
I had heard, it's kind of like, it's really hard to get into. Um Yeah, and I heard it was like a super great website, but it's not, it's not really doing it for me. I haven't qualified for any surveys yet. Um, I keep getting screened out,
so I'm kind of like,
I don't,
Yeah. I have a couple other websites like I am, um, survey junkie is one american consumer opinion is another one. Um, but like prolific is my main one. For sure. Yeah.
It
was
meeting you.
thank
you.
thank
you. It was nice meeting you christian. Right?
You
too. All right.
You're
yes, yes.
Already by