Oh. Mhm. Mhm. I got Mhm. There's no question. Mhm.
Hello, how are you?
Good good. Yeah
let me set my timer here. I think I did this last month and nobody showed up so Yeah I had
to
try like multiple times.
Okay.
So how are you,
what state are you in?
Okay. I'm in Ohio yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
My name is Christina and I'm 54 I'm a full time caretaker for my mom, she's elderly. So um and uh let's see um would you would you major in, what was your major in college?
Okay. Okay. Yeah my degree was in business from what what what university did you go to?
Okay. You know Ohio State. Yeah so we're rivals. Yeah.
So
but uh let's see um See I have one brother, so he's older than me. Just the two of us, you know? And um let's see I'm very glad the election's over with and I'm glad that we picked a new president. I'm glad we I'm very happy about that you know I'm
not a trump I'm not a trump person so yeah so
it was by
don
you know so yeah.
the big thing we got to get through is the pandemic you know because things are pretty scary right now so you're probably glad you get your studies over with you know that you're not having to deal with that.
Thank
you.
true.
They're
saying that we're kind of an exponential spread right now that it may be too late you know and that's kind
of scary to yeah because it just it spread to too many people now and it could be just really get really high. Um There's
some
talk
that
we
Yeah. I mean I'm a person who is pro vaccine but I I haven't seen anything about anyone talking about the safety of this if it's been proven safe. And that's to me as you know, I'm kind of like I mean I will take it but I want to know before I take it how safe it is because of it's not to save then I may skip it, you know? But if it proves that it's safe then I would, you know? But right now everyone is like really happy that it's supposed to be so effective, that nobody is talking about the safety part of it. I did hear that it supposedly is going to be a two dose um thing that you have to take it like in two doses and several weeks apart and that it has some
people get kind of flu like symptoms, but that's really not a whole lot different than getting the flu shot. And if you haven't gotten your flu shot, try to get one this year, they're trying to tell everybody to get a flu shot. Um But typically I guess some people get um
you know, fever and uh kind of flu
like symptoms from it, but you know, I'm more concerned about the long term effects because I mean, there have been cases in the past quite a long time ago though where some vaccines didn't have like long term, you know, effects for people. But I think a lot of that has, they've got rid of
a lot of that stuff in the last probably 2030 years, I've never heard of um unsafe, you know, um vaccines, so.
I want
to see all the data. I mean, I'll go over to pub med on the internet, you know, which is the National Institutes of Health and read all the studies. I mean I want to make sure it's safe.
So
Hey?
seems to be dragging his feet, which I don't understand this, you know, recount
stuff
and
you
know, and then he's thinking about running again in 2020 for like what the hell I mean like really? You know I mean,
but there's people,
I mean
like
I see in my neighborhood, I live in kind of the country so I kind of outside of columbus and I still see, you know, I've seen a few biden's, you know, signs, but you know the trump, they've divided people are taking their signs down, but I still see the trump signs up, you know, and the flags and I'm like, come on people, it's over with, you know,
he
lost.
Well I was reading about these guys that we're going to go after the governor and in michigan the governor Whitmer and you know, some of them are from Ohio and you know, they were from all over and they were talking about on the national news and that they were planning to um execute all the people inside the state capitol and they were also planning to blow it up or that was, you know, I'm like, you know, we got some crazy people here. That's
scary.
Yeah. The republicans get upset if they say that they see antifa, you know, and you know, or they see black lives matter, you know? That's the only thing they worry about. But yeah, anything else? It's proud voice or they're good people on both sides. Yeah. Right. Uh
No, they're not.
mean, really when it comes down to it, any president has very little control over you or I in our life. And so it's something that you just can't take it too seriously. I mean, yes, you want your guy or gal to be elected of course. But you know, people get, I think just to inflamed anymore from social media and stuff, you know, and it's really, it's not just the president, but you got to look at who you elect to legislature. I mean, that's a big factor to, um, as far as laws and even locally the people that you elect. So, you know, the president is just one little tiny part of that, you know, and I don't know, it's just um, people are just, I don't know, shooting off steam. Probably the coronavirus has got some people really agitated. But I mean, I'm kind of
chilling.
I've
been just kind
of chilling. Yeah I mean I'm an introvert so it doesn't really bother me too much. I mean the only thing I'm worried about is getting sick you know or having my mom gets sick because she's 88. But other than that um you know I'm just kind of chilling like a villain, you know just hanging out and you know it's pretty much like any other year you know so it's not that big a deal
other
than wearing a mask. But I mean that's no big deal.
What?
I think we will block down here. Yeah I mean I'm
thinking you know happen you know um and I don't see anything wrong with it but some people just really freak out about it and I don't know why you know. I think
they.
I
think we got like 130 some 1000 cases and there's some talk that we could explode up to like 200 even 400,000 cases in a day's time. I mean, you know and people are like, yeah, I I come across people online who talk about, you know the anti lock. You know, they're very any lockdown and I'm like guys, you're being fools. I said, you know, the whole reason for the lockdown is to keep the hospitals from getting overwhelmed because
you know, they can only treat so many people and if they have too many cases, I mean then
it becomes a really dangerous situation because you can have somebody who maybe doesn't have corona, but you know, they have like maybe a heart attack or something and they need help. But you know, the hospital stretched too thin and they can't get the help that they need to sew.
It compromises
everybody's potential you know um ability to be saved
or whatever. So yeah I mean it's it's scary so and you know that's why
we
have
lockdowns.
well
I have some friends from overseas, I even have a friend from china and she was talking with me on Skype one day and I don't know how she's able to talk with me through Skype because china bans everything pretty much they but she must be using like a VPN or something but she's like what is your country doing? And this was like several months ago because she's like you know you guys aren't like you know locking things down like you should like we're doing over in our country and and I said well that's you know we kind of like our freedom here. But I said you know but she was like people are tearing down you know five G. Cellphone towers because they think that five G spreads the coronavirus and I'm like yeah
I've heard that it's not just here that people have done that, it's been over in europe too, that people have done that. They think that the coronavirus has spread through five G. Cellphone towers, which I'm like that is just like totally
you know super
crazy.
What?
Yeah I'm like
I don't know there's I mean yeah I mean some of these people, I swear my dog is probably smarter than they are. I mean it's like yeah.
I mean I think that is when you come across people who believe that the coronavirus was spread through five G. You can you can totally understand how people, like somebody like donald trump, you know, it
kind of goes hand in hand, the stupidity, so. Yeah. Mhm.
I
hope not.
I
hope not. Yeah. Yeah, I hope not. But uh I think that if they do, it's not certainly not going to help their cause. I think that in a lot of ways, I think that the Republican Party has some serious challenges. I mean, you know, they're still, in my opinion, kind of the old white people's party, um because they're demographically, demographically, they're very out of touch with America
is changing. Um uh we they, you know, they're on the wrong side of history as far as climate change, for example, as far as helping, you know, the middle class of wage inequality, um those types of issues,
women's rights, abortion, you know, they're on the wrong side of because I mean that to me is not just women's rights there, that also is an environmental issue because,
you know, more people creates more problems. I think we are getting to the point where were too populated, not just
in this country but worldwide, it's causing environmental problems, but
um they're just they're on the wrong side of history and a lot of issues in my opinion. And then they're just demographically not reaching out to, you know, changing America America is changing, you know? And so Yeah.
Well,
I think
sometimes how people vote is also how they're brought up. Like I
come from a republican family and I do remember when I was 18, the first time I was able to vote, I voted for Ronald Reagan, you know, back then. But you know, it was probably, I would say right around the time of George W. Bush, the second Bush that I started talking with people like you know um from other countries. And one of the things that we would do is we would compare our government systems and you know, I started asking about health care and their countries and how they handle health insurance for people. And that's another thing that the republicans are wrong about two is healthcare is a right, it belongs to everybody should have health care. Um And I think the government needs to be involved to keep prices down um to set the price for you know this procedure or that procedure or whatever. That's the only way you can really get a control. Um And I'm a big fan of AOC too so. Uh huh. He's cool. Uh Anyways but uh uh what I was gonna say was is when I started comparing you know how they do things over there, it started making me wonder what are we doing, why why can't we have that over here and not just staff, but a lot of things and that's when I really kind of changed a democrat and I just don't see going back to Republican and are unless they really change but I don't think that they are, they're really they seem to be even more, you know, crazy then they were probably back in the 19 eighties, you know, when I first started voting, so Yeah.
Did you like
it?
there's so much as see in Washington, I would love to see a Smithsonian and all of that, there's so much to see there, so Yeah,
I call
them
maggots.
yeah,
yeah, a lot of people,
a lot of younger people don't vote and they should, you know, I mean I know that when I had the opportunity to vote, when I was like turn 18, I was like kind of excited about it, you know, and but you know, I think a lot of younger
people are kind of like, you know, I don't really care, but they should because it's going to affect their future and the future direction of this country and I'm glad, you know, for any young person who did go out and vote because I think it made us certainly made a difference this year because some
of the winds, you know, um we're a razor thin in some areas, you know, like um Arizona and Georgia and things like this, I mean it could have gone either way. Um you know, if if not enough people had turned out, so, yeah, so I'm I'm really glad that people did get out and voted, you know, so got
him
out
of
there,
so. Yeah.
Well
that's
like
people
who vote, that's like people who vote like libertarian or Green Party, it's like why, you know, you know, that those people are not going to win. So you may as
well vote
for
somebody, you know, if you don't like how things are the vote for a change, I mean, maybe you don't like the other candidate, but do you like the guy that's in office now, then? No, then get him out of there, you know?
And actually, when you read about the libertarian party, I can't support them either because they're even more whacko than the Republican
Party
there.
I think they're kind of into very small government, um, which to me is very unrealistic, because, you know, you have to have a social safety net, you know, for people, um, and this kind of this me, me, me, you know, it's all about protecting myself and the hell with you doesn't work, you know, in order for democracy to work, you need to have everybody having a fair shot and helping those who can't get ahead or or having trouble, you know, in life or whatever. Um But, you know, there's kind of, I think that's one of the problems with the Republican Party is to me, me, me, you know, and we need to be we we me, you know, we we the people, you know, we're in this together
type.
yeah. We're all in this ship together called the Uss America, so. Mhm.
So,
I got 26 minutes. I sent my son on a watch here. So yeah, I think we're supposed to speak. Let's see what time here. Well they're saying 28 minutes, but that's that's when you go and do the survey. So I think we're supposed to talk, well we can we can talk another four minutes and get it to 30 if you want. Yeah.
Just
to be on the safe side. Shell. How many of these have you done so far?
I've done
four. Yeah. And I was very glad that he's or he or whoever has expanded it so that you can do. I think seven of these because there are a lot of fun. There
are a lot
of fun.
initially
I was, yeah, initially I was kind of worried but yeah, I've had really um it seems like the prolific people. Everyone is really cool, you know, so far. So.
Think.
I've
I've joined, let's see november last year and I'm I think I'm made about $1000 so far.
So. Yeah. Yeah.
Good,
good.
Yeah, yeah, I just keep track of your, the one thing I will say is advice is just keep track of the exchange rate between the dollar and the pound right now, it's up pretty, it's pretty good. You know, you want to try to, when you go into paypal, you'll see that. I think the pound is $1.25 which is pretty good. Uh I wouldn't go any lower than that, you know, because that means less money for you. So you don't have to, you can take the money, you can cash it out any time, but just don't convert it from pounds
to dollars
and let's see unless the exchange rate is favorable. So. Yeah.
Yeah. But it
makes a, it helps it just gives you more money you know. So so when the dollar is uh when the pound is strong it just means more dollars for you. So. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. I would say 1.25 or higher. I have seen it like earlier this year I think it was down like 1.171 point 18 which wasn't very good. So I just kept holding on to it in Paypal and just waited until it went back up again. So yeah
sure. But yeah but prolific is awesome. I love prolific. So. Yeah.
Do you use any other like online sites or anything, pardon?
I've
heard of them.
Peace.
Well
one thing I will suggest to is if you live near a big city in michigan is sign up for some local marketing companies in your city because I am signed up with some local marketing companies here and I've done like I just recently on Wednesday I didn't in person study with them where I had to travel to a location and it was for some sort of medical research where they wanted me to stick a needle into a dummy and inject medicine into the study. And then they asked me questions about the medical device and uh the instructions that came with the uh injectable um syringe and I could pay like $100 just for an hour of my time. So and I've done like three of those studies this year so that was kind of you know cool to do that. Um you know good money so but that's that's one thing I would suggest doing too, so. Uh huh.
is my main one, too, so yeah. Okay. I think we're at the 31 minute, almost 32 minutes mark. So it was nice meeting you morgan and I wish
you
the best in your
job search and everything, so
I'm sure
you'll be quite good, quite well in your in your career, I'm sure
of it, so
you have a good thanksgiving,
so
healthy, stay safe,
you know? Yeah.
So