SPEAKER_L: Hi,
SPEAKER_R: Hey, how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty solid. Yeah. What today?
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm just you know hanging out. I'm actually I'm actually a english tutor. So right now literally just sitting here like waiting for students to send me essays
SPEAKER_R: that's so funny. I'm a college counselor for the year but we're doing
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: application essays right now, so I'm doing like the exact same thing just sitting here and being like okay we're waiting. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: oh my God so funny. Like let me ask you like is like their application essays like as bad as like the essays I've been seeing, no one knows what you like.
SPEAKER_R: Like no, no it's ridiculous. Okay some of them are like yeah that's solid. But I've had you'll appreciate this one guy was like remember these essays, they're supposed to like tell the admissions reader about yourself, right? Like your values and stuff. This one student send me this essay. That was literally a dream sequence that was like I am not exaggerating because like I fell into a deep slumber. I felt a hand emerged from the ground and pushed me forward towards my future and the whole thing was just like incoherent and I was trying to be really nice about and be like, hey like what were you trying to do with this? Because it's kind of abstract. He was like no, I was going for abstract why what possible reason could you have? No, there they do not. There's there's some weirdness.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Like I feel so bad when it's like the E. S. L. Kids. Like I we get a lot of kids from like china and when it's just like it's like a first grader wrote it where like they have like this big like political issue stance thing and then it just it just makes no sense. Like I know trump not good for us. Not good. No. And it's like like it's hard because it's just like they're like is this good? And you're like oh my like where do I even begin like this? It's like
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: come on
SPEAKER_R: and I do what what grades do usually work with?
SPEAKER_L: college.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, got you. Yeah, because I have like a couple of high school students with their sl but like they're usually fairly solid. Um but it will do a lot of like verbal brainstorming, right? Like, okay, how do we want to write this? And then they'll send me there S a and I'm like, Okay, I have to roll it back like four steps now. No 100%. Where um what do you just do college teams from all over the place or is it one specific area?
SPEAKER_L: All over the place. It's online. It's actually through the Princeton review. They brought
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: up the site with your dot com. So it's like it's just like I'd actually work as a substitute teacher doing just like whatever at a local high school. But like that's mostly just like okay so what did your teacher tell you to do? Okay you do that, I'll sit here, don't try talk. I guess he left on and don't bother.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. Yeah, that makes total sense. Yeah minus. But basically the same kind of program were like a nonprofit that does college access stuff for lower income students, but it's like all over the US. And it's definitely weird. The weirdest part for me has been seeing what different schools are doing right now, like in relation to covid, because all my California students are like, yeah, we haven't seen each other in like six months and I have one student from Tennessee whose like we're in school and no one wears masks and we like haven't changed the classroom and I'm like, oh, that's, that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: it's like okay like yeah Connecticut like most of the schools are like going but like there's only like 10 people in the classroom and they're all like six ft apart and they all have to wear masks all the time even if they like take a sip of water, it's like don't go out in the hall, take a sip of water.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: intense. I'm good. But like,
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah. And then there's there's four groups A. Through D. A. Like each student only really comes in once a week because a group A. Is like A. Through K. Your last name A through K. And then like L. Feuz is like the rest of the alphabet. So a part one comes in on monday, part two comes in on Tuesday and then Wednesday is all virtual learning and then on thursday there is group B. Half the alphabet and then the other half of the alphabet on friday. So teachers only really like once a week.
SPEAKER_R: interesting. That's,
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: mean it's probably like the safest way to do it, but that's definitely a weird. Did you, have you, did you graduate from college like kind of recently, is it
SPEAKER_L: Um yes so I feel like I just because I work with college kids all the time. Um I graduated in 2013
SPEAKER_R: OK.
SPEAKER_L: and then I worked at a college as a sign language interpreter for like five years. So it's like like
SPEAKER_R: We've been
SPEAKER_L: I never,
SPEAKER_R: in the college
SPEAKER_L: were
SPEAKER_R: favor.
SPEAKER_L: you asked about that?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, because I, I just graduated this past june and it's been, it's so weird to think about how much everything has changed. Like I can't imagine being in high school right now and just like not seeing my friends for like half a year. You know, like, I mean, I'm sure a lot of them are seeing each other outside of the classroom like that I wouldn't be able to focus. I have so much sympathy for that. Like, you know, I could barely focus as like, you know, a senior in college who like had eight years of like trying to learn how to do that and it's do not like
SPEAKER_L: Right. Like, I just feel so bad for everyone who graduated last year and it's like you didn't have graduation, like your whole last like year was upended. And then if you are going to college, like everything is totally different now. It's just like, sorry, like that's like, like
SPEAKER_R: No, exactly. Yeah, enjoy. So what have you um like what drew you towards teaching or tutoring and all that basically education.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I just I always like working with people and the people person. So it's just I just, you know, I just Yeah. Whatever.
SPEAKER_R: that makes total sense. Yeah. Yeah. Um for me, I'm, I'm doing AmeriCorps for a year. I'm going to law school next year, so I'm trying to like fill in basically exciting, but I did a lot of like education stuff in college. Like I gave tours to the school and I work for an organization like stem outreach to middle school girls
SPEAKER_L: Once.
SPEAKER_R: and it was, it was like a cool, it was, it was interesting. But I also realized like I never want to be a teacher, but I love doing like behind the scenes stuff like the college access stuff because I have so much admiration for teachers, but I like, I have a very clear tolerance with how much time I can spend, like a classroom full of students and so one on, one on one tutoring sessions for like an hour a month per student is like, it's like good, This is solid for me.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Like that's why I really like just doing, I like mostly like channel in on like the essay writing because there's two parts, there's live sessions and then there's a sink which is like the student drops off the essay and then you read it and then send them feedback. That is like my favorite because like, I can just take all the time that I want with it and just like I mean there's time limits like half hour for you know like one page and then like 15 minutes and 80 minutes for like really long essays and has their own thing. But it's like it's so nice to just be like taking your time with it and not feel like the pressure of like how do I tell you this sucks. It's like I can just make my tank to write it out. So it doesn't sound quite so bad because I don't have to. It's just like no that does not work out well.
SPEAKER_R: no, exact, I've had the ones I feel the worst from the college side or the application side are have a lot of students who are Children of immigrants or immigrants and they have great stories, but inevitably like half of them will fall into the trap of just being like, my parents are immigrants and I am also a child of an immigrant and that's my story and I've read like five of those so far this year and those are the hardest ones to like break it to them. Like I understand that you struggled a lot, but like this isn't interesting. I'm sorry, like and it's just so hard to work through like, okay, like make your life sound more interesting because that's not like a fun thing to tell someone. Right, Okay.
SPEAKER_L: now get this. I'm like totally not kidding you. There was a kid literally just this morning who's paper I was editing and he wrote it was supposed to be a narrative like pick one of it from your life and then narrative about it. Super simple. Right? No, he wanted to write about his entire vacation of France and of course like opening up the
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: file. I was like, okay, it's going to be, you know, super sort of boring them into museums. They went shopping, they did this, stood it up. So just like, look, I kid you not. They literally opened the paper being like, so yeah, so we actually, when we got into the airport like we look for a taxi cab and got in a car that turned out to be an illegal taxi driver. So we spent the night in a prison in paris and my dad was on the news because of it. Anyway, we went, my
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: cousins France and then incredibly cool stuff. We did awesome things. It was awesome. It was tubular, but it was like, it was like going
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: back to the well, that's a entirely rock look.
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: Good point.
SPEAKER_R: so funny.
SPEAKER_L: But pick that one thing right there. That one. Like, how would you do it? Just like, Oh yes. When
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: you were 10, you spent like literally your first day in the kitchen in France in a French prison.
SPEAKER_R: And the fact that he
SPEAKER_L: Like,
SPEAKER_R: was then just like anyways the loo.
SPEAKER_L: right? It's like, talk about that literally all anyone cares about like,
SPEAKER_R: I had a student with a similar he had such an interesting because he his parents were like missionaries in china and he wanted to like really write the missionary story for college. I'm like okay that's like an if you want to write right because like a lot of people are not huge fans of missionaries and it's really hard to write about in an elegant way. And he was and he was also just going to write a very like like china. It was cool
SPEAKER_L: june
SPEAKER_R: story. I'm like okay let's try to like find something kind of interesting. You know that's like a better example. He's like oh well actually when we were flying back from china to the U. S. Are playing malfunctioned over Russian air space and we had to do an emergency landing in Siberia and get held in like Of Russian air base for 36 hours. And we had we weren't allowed to look outside because we were it was like a secret base, we weren't supposed to know where we were. So
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: he wrote this like insane and he showed it to me it was just like the most insane story I've ever seen and it was like a real thing that happened to him and his family have like running through the snow with his little sister on his back like trying to get away from the plane that they legitimately thought was going to explode. I'm like you need to write that.
SPEAKER_L: right. Like that is so crazy.
SPEAKER_R: It was
SPEAKER_L: Like,
SPEAKER_R: just like legitimately like one of the craziest because evidently they like literally like guys showed up in like armored vans to like take them to the air and sort of air base. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: like it's like, oh my gosh, like you need to like actually like learn how to write english. So that way you can like bring an old story about that and get that published become like a best seller has insane. Like,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm Uh huh Were you, did you know you wanted to do like english type stuff from when you were, when you were younger?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I'm one of the, like, I started writing a novel since like first grade and I've never had to publish it. So everything that I like jumped from like writing to like, teaching because it's just, it's so like, interconnected. And so, because I was thinking about going to school for journalism, but then I was like, no, that'll like ruin writing for me. Like it's too dry. Although funny story. I haven't told a lot of people of this, but a website called the blast dot com, which is like, like a TMZ knock off. And I actually got a job as a contractor as a celebrity writer. And I like, I haven't written much yet, but they just like, they really want like the whole like sexy, like Selena Gomez on a bikini, you know? Oh my gosh, Like it's the most crazy thing ever. It's like, well now you can say that you're, you know, a working writer. And it's like, yeah, I can, but I don't want, you
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: know, writing
SPEAKER_R: called, it's called the blast way to Breaking Celebrity News. That's so funny. I love that southern
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: charm star Catherine Denis reportedly accused of drug use by X
SPEAKER_L: right. Say it's just like it has to include like sex and violence or just like anything like
SPEAKER_R: this is, that's actually honestly, that's pretty cool. Like just because it's such a, like, I've always wondered who writes those things, you know, especially when it's like the ridiculous ones that just scroll across your like new home screen sometimes. I'm like, I wonder who out there is creating that. I mean it makes total sense, right? Because it's like, I'm sure they pay and you get to write just
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: like nonsense stuff.
SPEAKER_L: have to have five photos from like Instagram or social media which takes up like a bulk of my time. But the articles themselves only have to be 400 words and they'll pay me $15 bucks
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: Like it makes me like 45 minutes so
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: easy
SPEAKER_R: super
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: solid.
SPEAKER_L: use. Nice. Yeah, like I've been honestly trying, I don't know if you watch the masked singer but I've been like I'm obsessed with the mass singer and I've just been watching that and I'm just whoever gets unmasked like once a week I like write an article like oh yeah just honestly like finding an interview with them talking about like why they did the show is like 1000 words in itself. So I'm just like It's a celebrity what they're doing for this is the judges guest and then this is you know like just I had done like half hour and $15
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like every
SPEAKER_R: it's amazing. I haven't seen the masked singer before except for that one clip where it was, it was Sarah Palin like was the mask, I lost my mind.
SPEAKER_L: all of that.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't, we didn't and someone guessed tina fey. Right. I
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Yeah someone did.
SPEAKER_R: I have this cliff like ingrained in my brain now because I'm like, you know, that would be if you were like the ex governor of Alaska, like that would be like the coolest, like transition switch, you know, just like, I think it's time the world needs to know.
SPEAKER_L: And it it was like singing Baby's got back like we like well out of anything that you could sing like why like people's politics like this is the world we live in now like
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: I'm scared,
SPEAKER_R: it's insane. That's so funny.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like I like fell in love with the show in the second season because um a friend of mine was watching it and they headed up in the background and I didn't realize like what the messenger was and um I was like oh that sounds like chris daughtry from american idol because I was like obsessed with chris daughtry when he was working idle back when I was in high school. Oh my gosh, I'm only 29 but I feel like so much more than I am. Um But yeah, so um I just I heard that and then they were like oh the judges don't think it's chris daughtry, it's not chris daughtry, and I was like I started watching it and like every time he would come on, I'm like that is literally chris daughtry. None of the judges like guessed it, no one on the internet was saying it was chris daughtry and I'm like that poultry and then finally they like he gets on mass since chris daughtry and like I told you and like this needs more likes like if we get it like some girl randomly get lottery, like we get just like blast this out to everyone because like I'm like I don't feel appreciated knowing that from the very beginning when no one else did.
SPEAKER_R: That's so, that's like, that's the dream, you know, that's like the perfect, that's the pipeline to writing for the blast dot com,
SPEAKER_L: Right. Like that's how it like
SPEAKER_R: so it'll be, it's all coming together,
SPEAKER_L: right. It was just like uh and I need to be better appreciated from this,
SPEAKER_R: claim to fame. Mm Yeah. No, I'm like, one of the things I've been there is the site that does like fact checking for like fake news stuff basically. And I would, yeah. Yeah. And I was like, oh, that'd be like a fun thing to do with my time. But I made a mistake because I, I thought like you have to create a user name for it. And I thought that was like your log in info and then they use your name as like, you know, when they do a fact check, but it turns
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: out that
SPEAKER_L: her.
SPEAKER_R: your username is what they published and they're normally screen for like unprofessional names and stuff. But I used this, my username was the wash and I'm gonna show you what this thing is. Um, it's this ridiculous statue that showed up in Poland or something and it has, there's a stuffed animal version of it. Um And this is what it looks like, it's just this like
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: cursed a little creature and I
SPEAKER_L: Not
SPEAKER_R: have this
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: giant one in my house, like it's like two ft 2 ft tall, it's like it's like it's like pretty sizable and
SPEAKER_L: white.
SPEAKER_R: so I was like that would be a funny name and so I chose it that they evidently if you look up the woche all that shows up is like the 1990 show the wash. So it's so I now have like to just little fact checks out there published as the watch and it's just like just like creepy looking little monster
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: and the statute. Let me show you the actual, this is what the statue looks like. It's even more cursed, it's just like a gross thing. It's not good.
SPEAKER_L: Working humanity that got like super fat like
SPEAKER_R: Exactly or like a really messed up like like a seal or rhino or something, just like not, not good. So yeah, that's my, that's my claim to fame is that I've, I've ruined my future and journalism. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I wish I had a better claim to fame. The only thing that I like um
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: I was um um when I was in college I actually got my dissertation published which sounds like a lot
SPEAKER_R: hmm.
SPEAKER_L: of fancy than it actually is because interpreting is a small field Like like actually it wasn't even um the 88 wasn't actually even signed into law until like 1990. Like you know like people weren't sign language and trippers like before that they weren't paid for it. Like that's so easy to think about how it was because I was born in 1991. So I'm like, Oh hey, if I was born like 10 years earlier. But but yeah, they have um the R. I. D. The registry of interpreters for the deaf. Um They have a like publication that they do like before it was every month now, it's probably like every two months or probably even like later, I don't know. But yeah, anyway, so um I submitted my dissertation to them and they were like can you scale this down a little bit and make it like juicier and like I worked editor and sending it back and forth and they took like my headshot and everything. And so yeah, so I actually ended up being the on the front page like my art.
SPEAKER_R: that's super cool. What?
SPEAKER_L: right? Because I did my my topic on social media ethics and how that you know influences interpreting. So like example like oh like you go to a zoo and you know you take pictures because you're interpreting it like a zoo for like a class trip and then you take pictures and post them on social media and then you know someone else you know is that who has a deaf friends since the deaf community is like all interconnected that like they see that and then they're like oh well you were interpreting for like James and James said the interpreter on the zoo trip was like super unprofessional like drinking alcohol at the cafe and then you get fired because of that. And it's just like how to keep social media separate from your career. So
SPEAKER_R: that's actually super cool. I like that. Would you, where did you go to college originally?
SPEAKER_L: I want to um our I. T. Up in Rochester new york, there's eight different schools. I went into the National Technical Institute of the death. Rochester new york is actually the deaf capital of the world. Like there's more deaf people per capita than anywhere else in the world.
SPEAKER_R: I would never have guessed that. That's shocking to people move there intentionally because of the deaf community. Okay. Too,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's been uh we actually we he um he's in the navy, so we moved, we were stationed and he uh he got his schooling at all right, because that's where his parents too because his parents are both death. He's a coca cola, a child of a child of a difficult and then we move south Carolina and then we moved to Albany. And Albany is when I started getting into like tutoring and everything because I can't get work in Albany because they're deaf
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: they all
SPEAKER_L: in.
SPEAKER_R: moved to Rochester?
SPEAKER_L: I'll move around just because it's for
SPEAKER_R: it makes sense, Yeah, uh that's so interesting. I mean I guess it makes sense because I know like the deaf culture is like a very like real thing that people want to have more of, but I would just never have guessed Rochester new york is like the place to go. Mm
SPEAKER_L: Right,
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: so because you're going to love this, like as you like a weird history buff person. So I'm going to tell
SPEAKER_R: wait.
SPEAKER_L: you this, my friend is actually famous in the deaf community, People have walked up to him and recognized who he is. So backs track his grandmother is the first woman in the United States. She is deaf to adopt a death baby from another country. Because beforehand it was like when like gays and lesbians weren't allowed to adopt babies because it was like, oh no, they're like ruin them with their lifestyle. So they were like deaf people are deaf and dumb, they can't raise Children. So she had to go through this whole legal battle. Like it went all through the court system and it made national news that she had really like adopted a baby from another country. And
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: how did
SPEAKER_L: they were
SPEAKER_R: you, how did he get famous from that? Like recognizably so?
SPEAKER_L: um probably because he went to like, like he was like, he's her first, she had his mom ended up having like six kids, so he's the old like when they using everything because like overtime, like researchers were like studying her to see like how how can she raised and then doing through a family. So he wanted to speak at conferences and things like
SPEAKER_R: that's so
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: cool, that's
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: that's like
SPEAKER_L: baby, you're born to something. Although I guess that's like being like a celebrity, like will smith's kid just like, oh I'm just that's my dad, like
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: whatever.
SPEAKER_R: coming along have for interesting. Huh? The more you know, I feel like I've learned like a ridiculous amount amount in this conversation because I um I don't my I went to the University of Oregon, we have like a small um there's like a small like basically program for like you know sign language, that kind of thing. But it's not it's not anything big. So I heard like a little bit about it, but there's very like the only, the only semi deaf person I grew up around with is my grandpa who's just like 90 you know, so it's like not just like part of part of the life at that point. You know? That's so cool. Huh? So do you have like our most, a lot of your friends stuff is that are you like pretty? It seems like a pretty deeply ingrained in the community. Mm
SPEAKER_L: it's like there's so much things that just like the hearing people like, like um we call them the series. Yeah, like don't be such a Khiry like it's uh there's so many things that like people don't know, like it's like, oh I went to a deaf concert, it's like there are no deaf concerts they can't hear music. It's like first of all deaf people love music. I had two different dates in college. One of them literally love like chemical romance and they lasted so loud and it was like she couldn't like here but she liked feeling the
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: vibrate
SPEAKER_R: the vibrations, Right? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and there's stuff that's where you do sign. Like there's def poetry like heart of the hydrogen jukebox is like one of the most famous poems because it's all about like in the hand shape like for example like doing like a B C. D. Like and going through the alphabet and telling a story just with the letters of the alphabet and it's like expressing it like it's like a more visual poetry but it's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: That's so cool. I was a music major in college. So we did a little bit of um we have like a couple accessibility talks and that kind of thing about, you know, like the vibrations and like how you had to basically like how to make music classical music more accessible to deaf people, like people who are hard of hearing by like incorporating a lot of, you know, like basically like using bass drums and stuff, right? Because like, flute is not going to get the same the same as like that. Uh But that's I had no idea that def poetry and that makes sense, right. That the beauty would then come from, like, the shapes more than the more than the sounds, which is that's super. I that's so cool. That's so interesting to me. I'm I'm a Type one diabetic, so, like, also chronic health issue, but not like there's not the same kind of community that goes into it. And so I've always been so fascinated by death culture just because I'm like, I wonder what it would have been like to grow up with. Like, you know, that kind of sense of community in that way. And I know it's Type one, diabetes is like, much more accessible to the world. So it's not, it makes sense that it's not like, as as much of a way of life, but it's always been so fascinating to me because it makes sense, right? If you can't interact with the world in the way that a lot of people expect you to be able to you're going to want to create your own way like that's okay. I'm gonna have to look up Rochester after this and that was
SPEAKER_L: additional.
SPEAKER_R: just such a like an awakening to me. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Okay, so we've been talking for 25 minutes and I have an essay that I have to go right, but before we sent off, what you need to do right now is go to Youtube and look at Mountain Dew Man, and it's like you're right, I'm going to actually check to make sure this light comes up, right? Because like this is the most like you're you're going to love this. Like, trust me, Like, like my favorite thing. Oh uh of course Youtube is being like super slow. Okay, well if you just look at Mountain Dew Man and then like Mountain Dew Man, a sl there's literally like, it's like eight minutes long, but it's like literally like a story of this guy telling like what happens when he like drinks mountain dew and then hulks out, like it's amazing like you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: found it. I'm so I'm going to watch this immediately afterwards. Okay. I'm sorry what was your name
SPEAKER_L: Oh, it was kristen.
SPEAKER_R: chris now? Right, laurel. A nice to meet you
SPEAKER_L: Let's leave
SPEAKER_R: one time editing your essay.
SPEAKER_L: you too.