Hey, how's it going?
I'm pretty solid. Yeah. What today?
that's so funny. I'm a college counselor for the year but we're doing
application essays right now, so I'm doing like the exact same thing just sitting here and being like okay we're waiting. Mhm.
Like no, no it's ridiculous. Okay some of them are like yeah that's solid. But I've had you'll appreciate this one guy was like remember these essays, they're supposed to like tell the admissions reader about yourself, right? Like your values and stuff. This one student send me this essay. That was literally a dream sequence that was like I am not exaggerating because like I fell into a deep slumber. I felt a hand emerged from the ground and pushed me forward towards my future and the whole thing was just like incoherent and I was trying to be really nice about and be like, hey like what were you trying to do with this? Because it's kind of abstract. He was like no, I was going for abstract why what possible reason could you have? No, there they do not. There's there's some weirdness.
No,
and I do what what grades do usually work with?
Okay, got you. Yeah, because I have like a couple of high school students with their sl but like they're usually fairly solid. Um but it will do a lot of like verbal brainstorming, right? Like, okay, how do we want to write this? And then they'll send me there S a and I'm like, Okay, I have to roll it back like four steps now. No 100%. Where um what do you just do college teams from all over the place or is it one specific area?
I
Exactly. Yeah, that makes total sense. Yeah minus. But basically the same kind of program were like a nonprofit that does college access stuff for lower income students, but it's like all over the US. And it's definitely weird. The weirdest part for me has been seeing what different schools are doing right now, like in relation to covid, because all my California students are like, yeah, we haven't seen each other in like six months and I have one student from Tennessee whose like we're in school and no one wears masks and we like haven't changed the classroom and I'm like, oh, that's, that's cool.
that's
intense. I'm good. But like,
interesting. That's,
I
mean it's probably like the safest way to do it, but that's definitely a weird. Did you, have you, did you graduate from college like kind of recently, is it
OK.
We've been
in the college
favor.
Yeah, because I, I just graduated this past june and it's been, it's so weird to think about how much everything has changed. Like I can't imagine being in high school right now and just like not seeing my friends for like half a year. You know, like, I mean, I'm sure a lot of them are seeing each other outside of the classroom like that I wouldn't be able to focus. I have so much sympathy for that. Like, you know, I could barely focus as like, you know, a senior in college who like had eight years of like trying to learn how to do that and it's do not like
No, exactly. Yeah, enjoy. So what have you um like what drew you towards teaching or tutoring and all that basically education.
that makes total sense. Yeah. Yeah. Um for me, I'm, I'm doing AmeriCorps for a year. I'm going to law school next year, so I'm trying to like fill in basically exciting, but I did a lot of like education stuff in college. Like I gave tours to the school and I work for an organization like stem outreach to middle school girls
and it was, it was like a cool, it was, it was interesting. But I also realized like I never want to be a teacher, but I love doing like behind the scenes stuff like the college access stuff because I have so much admiration for teachers, but I like, I have a very clear tolerance with how much time I can spend, like a classroom full of students and so one on, one on one tutoring sessions for like an hour a month per student is like, it's like good, This is solid for me.
no, exact, I've had the ones I feel the worst from the college side or the application side are have a lot of students who are Children of immigrants or immigrants and they have great stories, but inevitably like half of them will fall into the trap of just being like, my parents are immigrants and I am also a child of an immigrant and that's my story and I've read like five of those so far this year and those are the hardest ones to like break it to them. Like I understand that you struggled a lot, but like this isn't interesting. I'm sorry, like and it's just so hard to work through like, okay, like make your life sound more interesting because that's not like a fun thing to tell someone. Right, Okay.
No.
All
Well,
that's
so funny.
And
And the fact that he
was then just like anyways the loo.
I had a student with a similar he had such an interesting because he his parents were like missionaries in china and he wanted to like really write the missionary story for college. I'm like okay that's like an if you want to write right because like a lot of people are not huge fans of missionaries and it's really hard to write about in an elegant way. And he was and he was also just going to write a very like like china. It was cool
story. I'm like okay let's try to like find something kind of interesting. You know that's like a better example. He's like oh well actually when we were flying back from china to the U. S. Are playing malfunctioned over Russian air space and we had to do an emergency landing in Siberia and get held in like Of Russian air base for 36 hours. And we had we weren't allowed to look outside because we were it was like a secret base, we weren't supposed to know where we were. So
he wrote this like insane and he showed it to me it was just like the most insane story I've ever seen and it was like a real thing that happened to him and his family have like running through the snow with his little sister on his back like trying to get away from the plane that they legitimately thought was going to explode. I'm like you need to write that.
It was
just like legitimately like one of the craziest because evidently they like literally like guys showed up in like armored vans to like take them to the air and sort of air base. Okay.
Mhm Uh huh Were you, did you know you wanted to do like english type stuff from when you were, when you were younger?
it's
called, it's called the blast way to Breaking Celebrity News. That's so funny. I love that southern
charm star Catherine Denis reportedly accused of drug use by X
this is, that's actually honestly, that's pretty cool. Like just because it's such a, like, I've always wondered who writes those things, you know, especially when it's like the ridiculous ones that just scroll across your like new home screen sometimes. I'm like, I wonder who out there is creating that. I mean it makes total sense, right? Because it's like, I'm sure they pay and you get to write just
like nonsense stuff.
that's
that's
super
solid.
I
it's amazing. I haven't seen the masked singer before except for that one clip where it was, it was Sarah Palin like was the mask, I lost my mind.
I didn't, we didn't and someone guessed tina fey. Right. I
I have this cliff like ingrained in my brain now because I'm like, you know, that would be if you were like the ex governor of Alaska, like that would be like the coolest, like transition switch, you know, just like, I think it's time the world needs to know.
no,
it's insane. That's so funny.
That's so, that's like, that's the dream, you know, that's like the perfect, that's the pipeline to writing for the blast dot com,
so it'll be, it's all coming together,
claim to fame. Mm Yeah. No, I'm like, one of the things I've been there is the site that does like fact checking for like fake news stuff basically. And I would, yeah. Yeah. And I was like, oh, that'd be like a fun thing to do with my time. But I made a mistake because I, I thought like you have to create a user name for it. And I thought that was like your log in info and then they use your name as like, you know, when they do a fact check, but it turns
out that
your username is what they published and they're normally screen for like unprofessional names and stuff. But I used this, my username was the wash and I'm gonna show you what this thing is. Um, it's this ridiculous statue that showed up in Poland or something and it has, there's a stuffed animal version of it. Um And this is what it looks like, it's just this like
cursed a little creature and I
have this
giant one in my house, like it's like two ft 2 ft tall, it's like it's like it's like pretty sizable and
so I was like that would be a funny name and so I chose it that they evidently if you look up the woche all that shows up is like the 1990 show the wash. So it's so I now have like to just little fact checks out there published as the watch and it's just like just like creepy looking little monster
and the statute. Let me show you the actual, this is what the statue looks like. It's even more cursed, it's just like a gross thing. It's not good.
Exactly or like a really messed up like like a seal or rhino or something, just like not, not good. So yeah, that's my, that's my claim to fame is that I've, I've ruined my future and journalism. Mhm
Good
hmm.
that's super cool. What?
that's actually super cool. I like that. Would you, where did you go to college originally?
I would never have guessed that. That's shocking to people move there intentionally because of the deaf community. Okay. Too,
Because
they all
moved to Rochester?
it makes sense, Yeah, uh that's so interesting. I mean I guess it makes sense because I know like the deaf culture is like a very like real thing that people want to have more of, but I would just never have guessed Rochester new york is like the place to go. Mm
because
wait.
but
how did
you, how did he get famous from that? Like recognizably so?
that's so
cool, that's
that's like
just
coming along have for interesting. Huh? The more you know, I feel like I've learned like a ridiculous amount amount in this conversation because I um I don't my I went to the University of Oregon, we have like a small um there's like a small like basically program for like you know sign language, that kind of thing. But it's not it's not anything big. So I heard like a little bit about it, but there's very like the only, the only semi deaf person I grew up around with is my grandpa who's just like 90 you know, so it's like not just like part of part of the life at that point. You know? That's so cool. Huh? So do you have like our most, a lot of your friends stuff is that are you like pretty? It seems like a pretty deeply ingrained in the community. Mm
It's
the vibrations, Right? Yeah.
That's so cool. I was a music major in college. So we did a little bit of um we have like a couple accessibility talks and that kind of thing about, you know, like the vibrations and like how you had to basically like how to make music classical music more accessible to deaf people, like people who are hard of hearing by like incorporating a lot of, you know, like basically like using bass drums and stuff, right? Because like, flute is not going to get the same the same as like that. Uh But that's I had no idea that def poetry and that makes sense, right. That the beauty would then come from, like, the shapes more than the more than the sounds, which is that's super. I that's so cool. That's so interesting to me. I'm I'm a Type one diabetic, so, like, also chronic health issue, but not like there's not the same kind of community that goes into it. And so I've always been so fascinated by death culture just because I'm like, I wonder what it would have been like to grow up with. Like, you know, that kind of sense of community in that way. And I know it's Type one, diabetes is like, much more accessible to the world. So it's not, it makes sense that it's not like, as as much of a way of life, but it's always been so fascinating to me because it makes sense, right? If you can't interact with the world in the way that a lot of people expect you to be able to you're going to want to create your own way like that's okay. I'm gonna have to look up Rochester after this and that was
just such a like an awakening to me. Mhm
I
found it. I'm so I'm going to watch this immediately afterwards. Okay. I'm sorry what was your name
chris now? Right, laurel. A nice to meet you
one time editing your essay.