Hi,
how are you?
Um I'm just you know hanging out. I'm actually I'm actually a english tutor. So right now literally just sitting here like waiting for students to send me essays
and
oh my God so funny. Like let me ask you like is like their application essays like as bad as like the essays I've been seeing, no one knows what you like.
Right. Like I feel so bad when it's like the E. S. L. Kids. Like I we get a lot of kids from like china and when it's just like it's like a first grader wrote it where like they have like this big like political issue stance thing and then it just it just makes no sense. Like I know trump not good for us. Not good. No. And it's like like it's hard because it's just like they're like is this good? And you're like oh my like where do I even begin like this? It's like
come on
college.
All over the place. It's online. It's actually through the Princeton review. They brought
up the site with your dot com. So it's like it's just like I'd actually work as a substitute teacher doing just like whatever at a local high school. But like that's mostly just like okay so what did your teacher tell you to do? Okay you do that, I'll sit here, don't try talk. I guess he left on and don't bother.
it's like okay like yeah Connecticut like most of the schools are like going but like there's only like 10 people in the classroom and they're all like six ft apart and they all have to wear masks all the time even if they like take a sip of water, it's like don't go out in the hall, take a sip of water.
And
yeah. Yeah. And then there's there's four groups A. Through D. A. Like each student only really comes in once a week because a group A. Is like A. Through K. Your last name A through K. And then like L. Feuz is like the rest of the alphabet. So a part one comes in on monday, part two comes in on Tuesday and then Wednesday is all virtual learning and then on thursday there is group B. Half the alphabet and then the other half of the alphabet on friday. So teachers only really like once a week.
No
I
Um yes so I feel like I just because I work with college kids all the time. Um I graduated in 2013
and then I worked at a college as a sign language interpreter for like five years. So it's like like
I never,
were
you asked about that?
Right. Like, I just feel so bad for everyone who graduated last year and it's like you didn't have graduation, like your whole last like year was upended. And then if you are going to college, like everything is totally different now. It's just like, sorry, like that's like, like
I don't know. I just I always like working with people and the people person. So it's just I just, you know, I just Yeah. Whatever.
Once.
All right. Like that's why I really like just doing, I like mostly like channel in on like the essay writing because there's two parts, there's live sessions and then there's a sink which is like the student drops off the essay and then you read it and then send them feedback. That is like my favorite because like, I can just take all the time that I want with it and just like I mean there's time limits like half hour for you know like one page and then like 15 minutes and 80 minutes for like really long essays and has their own thing. But it's like it's so nice to just be like taking your time with it and not feel like the pressure of like how do I tell you this sucks. It's like I can just make my tank to write it out. So it doesn't sound quite so bad because I don't have to. It's just like no that does not work out well.
now get this. I'm like totally not kidding you. There was a kid literally just this morning who's paper I was editing and he wrote it was supposed to be a narrative like pick one of it from your life and then narrative about it. Super simple. Right? No, he wanted to write about his entire vacation of France and of course like opening up the
file. I was like, okay, it's going to be, you know, super sort of boring them into museums. They went shopping, they did this, stood it up. So just like, look, I kid you not. They literally opened the paper being like, so yeah, so we actually, when we got into the airport like we look for a taxi cab and got in a car that turned out to be an illegal taxi driver. So we spent the night in a prison in paris and my dad was on the news because of it. Anyway, we went, my
cousins France and then incredibly cool stuff. We did awesome things. It was awesome. It was tubular, but it was like, it was like going
back to the well, that's a entirely rock look.
Good point.
But pick that one thing right there. That one. Like, how would you do it? Just like, Oh yes. When
you were 10, you spent like literally your first day in the kitchen in France in a French prison.
Like,
right? It's like, talk about that literally all anyone cares about like,
june
Oh my God. Yeah.
right. Like that is so crazy.
Like,
like it's like, oh my gosh, like you need to like actually like learn how to write english. So that way you can like bring an old story about that and get that published become like a best seller has insane. Like,
Oh yeah, I'm one of the, like, I started writing a novel since like first grade and I've never had to publish it. So everything that I like jumped from like writing to like, teaching because it's just, it's so like, interconnected. And so, because I was thinking about going to school for journalism, but then I was like, no, that'll like ruin writing for me. Like it's too dry. Although funny story. I haven't told a lot of people of this, but a website called the blast dot com, which is like, like a TMZ knock off. And I actually got a job as a contractor as a celebrity writer. And I like, I haven't written much yet, but they just like, they really want like the whole like sexy, like Selena Gomez on a bikini, you know? Oh my gosh, Like it's the most crazy thing ever. It's like, well now you can say that you're, you know, a working writer. And it's like, yeah, I can, but I don't want, you
know, writing
Like
right. Say it's just like it has to include like sex and violence or just like anything like
You
have to have five photos from like Instagram or social media which takes up like a bulk of my time. But the articles themselves only have to be 400 words and they'll pay me $15 bucks
Like it makes me like 45 minutes so
easy
to
use. Nice. Yeah, like I've been honestly trying, I don't know if you watch the masked singer but I've been like I'm obsessed with the mass singer and I've just been watching that and I'm just whoever gets unmasked like once a week I like write an article like oh yeah just honestly like finding an interview with them talking about like why they did the show is like 1000 words in itself. So I'm just like It's a celebrity what they're doing for this is the judges guest and then this is you know like just I had done like half hour and $15
like every
all of that.
Oh yeah. Yeah someone did.
And it it was like singing Baby's got back like we like well out of anything that you could sing like why like people's politics like this is the world we live in now like
I'm scared,
Yeah like I like fell in love with the show in the second season because um a friend of mine was watching it and they headed up in the background and I didn't realize like what the messenger was and um I was like oh that sounds like chris daughtry from american idol because I was like obsessed with chris daughtry when he was working idle back when I was in high school. Oh my gosh, I'm only 29 but I feel like so much more than I am. Um But yeah, so um I just I heard that and then they were like oh the judges don't think it's chris daughtry, it's not chris daughtry, and I was like I started watching it and like every time he would come on, I'm like that is literally chris daughtry. None of the judges like guessed it, no one on the internet was saying it was chris daughtry and I'm like that poultry and then finally they like he gets on mass since chris daughtry and like I told you and like this needs more likes like if we get it like some girl randomly get lottery, like we get just like blast this out to everyone because like I'm like I don't feel appreciated knowing that from the very beginning when no one else did.
Right. Like that's how it like
right. It was just like uh and I need to be better appreciated from this,
on
her.
my
Not
people
white.
This
Working humanity that got like super fat like
Yeah. I wish I had a better claim to fame. The only thing that I like um
I was um um when I was in college I actually got my dissertation published which sounds like a lot
of fancy than it actually is because interpreting is a small field Like like actually it wasn't even um the 88 wasn't actually even signed into law until like 1990. Like you know like people weren't sign language and trippers like before that they weren't paid for it. Like that's so easy to think about how it was because I was born in 1991. So I'm like, Oh hey, if I was born like 10 years earlier. But but yeah, they have um the R. I. D. The registry of interpreters for the deaf. Um They have a like publication that they do like before it was every month now, it's probably like every two months or probably even like later, I don't know. But yeah, anyway, so um I submitted my dissertation to them and they were like can you scale this down a little bit and make it like juicier and like I worked editor and sending it back and forth and they took like my headshot and everything. And so yeah, so I actually ended up being the on the front page like my art.
right? Because I did my my topic on social media ethics and how that you know influences interpreting. So like example like oh like you go to a zoo and you know you take pictures because you're interpreting it like a zoo for like a class trip and then you take pictures and post them on social media and then you know someone else you know is that who has a deaf friends since the deaf community is like all interconnected that like they see that and then they're like oh well you were interpreting for like James and James said the interpreter on the zoo trip was like super unprofessional like drinking alcohol at the cafe and then you get fired because of that. And it's just like how to keep social media separate from your career. So
I want to um our I. T. Up in Rochester new york, there's eight different schools. I went into the National Technical Institute of the death. Rochester new york is actually the deaf capital of the world. Like there's more deaf people per capita than anywhere else in the world.
Yeah. It's been uh we actually we he um he's in the navy, so we moved, we were stationed and he uh he got his schooling at all right, because that's where his parents too because his parents are both death. He's a coca cola, a child of a child of a difficult and then we move south Carolina and then we moved to Albany. And Albany is when I started getting into like tutoring and everything because I can't get work in Albany because they're deaf
people
in.
I'll move around just because it's for
Right,
so because you're going to love this, like as you like a weird history buff person. So I'm going to tell
you this, my friend is actually famous in the deaf community, People have walked up to him and recognized who he is. So backs track his grandmother is the first woman in the United States. She is deaf to adopt a death baby from another country. Because beforehand it was like when like gays and lesbians weren't allowed to adopt babies because it was like, oh no, they're like ruin them with their lifestyle. So they were like deaf people are deaf and dumb, they can't raise Children. So she had to go through this whole legal battle. Like it went all through the court system and it made national news that she had really like adopted a baby from another country. And
then
they were
um probably because he went to like, like he was like, he's her first, she had his mom ended up having like six kids, so he's the old like when they using everything because like overtime, like researchers were like studying her to see like how how can she raised and then doing through a family. So he wanted to speak at conferences and things like
like
your
baby, you're born to something. Although I guess that's like being like a celebrity, like will smith's kid just like, oh I'm just that's my dad, like
whatever.
it's like there's so much things that just like the hearing people like, like um we call them the series. Yeah, like don't be such a Khiry like it's uh there's so many things that like people don't know, like it's like, oh I went to a deaf concert, it's like there are no deaf concerts they can't hear music. It's like first of all deaf people love music. I had two different dates in college. One of them literally love like chemical romance and they lasted so loud and it was like she couldn't like here but she liked feeling the
vibrate
and there's stuff that's where you do sign. Like there's def poetry like heart of the hydrogen jukebox is like one of the most famous poems because it's all about like in the hand shape like for example like doing like a B C. D. Like and going through the alphabet and telling a story just with the letters of the alphabet and it's like expressing it like it's like a more visual poetry but it's awesome.
additional.
Okay, so we've been talking for 25 minutes and I have an essay that I have to go right, but before we sent off, what you need to do right now is go to Youtube and look at Mountain Dew Man, and it's like you're right, I'm going to actually check to make sure this light comes up, right? Because like this is the most like you're you're going to love this. Like, trust me, Like, like my favorite thing. Oh uh of course Youtube is being like super slow. Okay, well if you just look at Mountain Dew Man and then like Mountain Dew Man, a sl there's literally like, it's like eight minutes long, but it's like literally like a story of this guy telling like what happens when he like drinks mountain dew and then hulks out, like it's amazing like you
don't
Oh, it was kristen.
Let's leave
you too.