SPEAKER_L: mm. Mhm. Hm It's bad. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Oh. Mhm. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hello? Good afternoon. Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: I, I hear you. Can you hear me? Yeah. All right, well hello there
SPEAKER_L: Hi,
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: how are you today?
SPEAKER_R: well, I'm here. How are you doing? Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: thought I was doing okay. I was like, well I'm gonna look good
SPEAKER_R: Well let's
SPEAKER_L: today. And then I get on the video and I'm like uh I stayed up kind of like going up school work and then doing some online training at all. Yeah. And now I kind of regret how I look. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Well, I think that's just life. I can I can probably count the number of days I woke up feeling perfectly confident with how I looked on like one hand.
SPEAKER_L: Right, so are you playing guitar or you listening to guitar?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, all the time
SPEAKER_L: Are you practicing?
SPEAKER_R: group. Yeah, I just I was passing the time with this waiting for the thing to go active for a little while, so
SPEAKER_L: So what
SPEAKER_R: soccer.
SPEAKER_L: kind of music do you like?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Uh What kind of music is there
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: like everything?
SPEAKER_R: about sums it up. Okay, good. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I've been going through a I was
SPEAKER_R: Come on,
SPEAKER_L: I've been going through a blues fades
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: for a while. No, my sister is really into blues too, so
SPEAKER_R: Okay, that's cool. Uh I just got my notification bell. It's time to start to start taste so
SPEAKER_L: you set yourself a little thing or or
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I had an alarm set up. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So did I?
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: And I was like, man, I better get on it.
SPEAKER_R: I'm glad that I am. I'd forgotten about it.
SPEAKER_L: Hell did I say? Oh, man. And I had set a time or two and
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: just got
SPEAKER_L: I pressed
SPEAKER_R: of anything.
SPEAKER_L: past.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. That's a good thing to remember.
SPEAKER_L: Mm So you play with anybody or you just play on your own or?
SPEAKER_R: mostly just playing my own, that's kind of my thing. I've always been into music for a while, my guitar, I play bass and it's just really like music.
SPEAKER_L: Do you have any favorites like guitarist wise or? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: well uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: a lot
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: actually um
SPEAKER_L: Um
SPEAKER_R: Go ahead. Where would I even start? I've gotten really big into this uh I've got really big to a band called the Animals as Leaders and their uh barely guitarist's name, Tosin Abasi and he's a freak of nature. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: now I'm gonna have to look it up. Where is he called again?
SPEAKER_R: the band is called Animals as Leaders. It's a it's like a progressive metal band. Yeah and uh it's got it's got like heavier stuff has got like spanish and spanish and classical influence stuff, it's got jazzy sounding stuff but it's really it's pretty off the wall that is really very uh I guess the best way I can say it is it does not give your ears a lot of opportunity to rest.
SPEAKER_L: There you go. There. They're kind of, they're a diverse group.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's a very interesting band. They have to eight string guitarists and no basis a drummer.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I have to check that out then. Uh huh. Oh, I see what you mean. Oh man, let them fingers go
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: hold it. Only said
SPEAKER_R: a very natural reaction
SPEAKER_L: damn, look at him,
SPEAKER_R: kurt,
SPEAKER_L: wow. Like I haven't went to like last time I went to anything was like two years ago, two years ago. My sister took me to Austin, we went to Antone's blues club and they had a pretty good band plan. I couldn't tell you what it was because like she got me like, I don't drink And she got me two shots. Tequila and the rest of the night was fuzzy so I can't tell you who played. But they were really good. So then then there's like,
SPEAKER_R: Your
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: brother
SPEAKER_L: live
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: in Austin. Uh My little brother lives in Austin.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah, I got a lot of family that lives here.
SPEAKER_R: there's a lot of uh so that's a good that's a good music talent.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like it's
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: going to fall to the wayside with everything that's happening in there.
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: They got a lot of they got a lot of problems in Austin, like my brother, he wants to get out so bad. He says nothing like what it used to be. I was like, you're telling me I go there and I don't it's unrecognizable when I was like, way younger. So.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks to things, things do tend to change around a lot. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: it's changed a lot. Yeah. Skyline
SPEAKER_R: But uh
SPEAKER_L: doesn't look anything like it used to. Yeah. That's gross. You're right. Things change. But anyway, they got I live in College station now and they got a a blues club and somewhere brian. But since the covid thing came, Yeah, everything's closed down.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I would love I would I envy people who can say I sure do miss going out because I was like, I was going anywhere before this all yet. I didn't have many opportunities to go out and socialize then. So mostly the main thing that has changed for me on a personal level is the stores just have less stuff.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. I'm really like, I was a big Lysol. I know that's really
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: like this first world problems things. But like I always use Lysol in my house from, from as long as I can remember. And then the next thing I know, there's no lights also. Yeah. There goes my first world problem
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I remember going to the store and look walking down the uh ever walking down the paper. I'll and seeing nothing there like what's going on. It was just like that for a while there like maybe two weeks later I went to Walgreens and
SPEAKER_L: one.
SPEAKER_R: they had gotten a little bit of toilet paper. It was like five or 6 rolls of toilet paper. I said well uh so I grabbed, I grabbed two of them because it's like who knows gonna come back. I was I grabbed two of them. I went back to the pharmacy to pick up my mess and and the other ones are gone when I came back like two minutes like years later. Like what, like what is going on? But the thing is it's not like there's anything about it that should have made toilet paper specifically disappeared. It's just it's just one of those things. People people get this idea in their head, this stuff is gonna right now so they go all run and go buy everything and then people get into the story and say hey they're buying up all the toilet paper, better, buy some toilet paper. Those people go by all the toilet paper that you end up with to say with that situation is like basically it becomes this weird recursive thing where everybody is just doing, it's a self fulfilling prophecy basically people are buying up all the toilet paper because all the toilet paper is gone, kinda like that old uh it was like that Yogi bear Yogi Berra quote where he said the way it goes there anymore, it's too crowded, it's that kind of thing. Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's ridiculous. It is. It is. I went to the like remember after it, the whole like you said, total paper thing and I went to the dollar store and at first they were like, we're going to give you a four pack for a buck 50 it's king dollar, $10, everything is like $1.49.
SPEAKER_R: Everything
SPEAKER_L: I don't know where that one cent goes. But yeah, And
SPEAKER_R: Perfect.
SPEAKER_L: they had like a four pack for a dollar 50 and then it would sell out and it would sell out and it would sell out. And then they started packaging it individually one role for a dollar 50. And I was like, mm Yeah, and you can get away with it too because people are out of their damn minds.
SPEAKER_R: okay. I remember going to uh dollar tree and they usually have these uh like
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: single roles for a dollar and those were they wiped them out of those two.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, the scott roles, The only place we had really good luck was finding it. It was at a target. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: When we finally got founded in reasonable amounts stock, it was a target. I said well let's just get a whole big old thing and not worry about it for a while.
SPEAKER_L: true, true true. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: I'm so tired of people.
SPEAKER_R: I can definitely, I can definitely relate to that. I love people that would stop being people sometimes stop doing people things.
SPEAKER_L: All right. I'm Yeah, I told myself don't get political, don't get political, but I'm in of course I'm in deep, I don't know if you're liberal or conservative and uh well, I'm in deep red uh Denier College station, so nobody wants to wear their nobody wants to wear their mask. You know they got the body guards up there in front of walmart, making sure you got your masks on. Like I used to be a nurse. Okay now I'm in health information management, but you know, just tell a different arm of the same thing anyway. Um Yeah, it's just an infection control issue and people like you said, I want to do people stuff just like just
SPEAKER_R: fine.
SPEAKER_L: just just come on, let's get this over with,
SPEAKER_R: I saw something very recently, I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: thought
SPEAKER_L: don't know.
SPEAKER_R: very recently on twitter or somebody said I tweeted something about how how much better europe is handling the pandemic than America is and how much people that my mentions come and say well then moved to europe. Then I and I said oh I can't because they won't let us in because of how we're handling the pandemic.
SPEAKER_L: Nothing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: exactly
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Costa Rica
SPEAKER_R: say
SPEAKER_L: Costa.
SPEAKER_R: and you can't blame, I mean all I can do is I can think about before it really became a big thing here. Just looking at, I was as they were as you know, they were talking about how it's not that big a deal and I'm just the end. I think we had done like under 8000 tests nationwide And meanwhile in South Korea they had gone over 100,000 tests. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: It's ridiculous
SPEAKER_R: And just say so. So if you've done, if you've got a population of 330 million people, have you done 8000 tests, how in the world could you possibly come to the conclusion
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: that it's not gonna be a big deal? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: if you don't do look, if you don't do the test, then there is no no positive cases. So
SPEAKER_R: have a positive
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: case beyond test. It's like
SPEAKER_L: there's no there's no cases
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: if you don't
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: you just close your eyes and spin
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: around
SPEAKER_L: he
SPEAKER_R: and go, it's plug your ears and go la la la la la and you don't have to acknowledge that stuff is actually happening in the world
SPEAKER_L: well, you know, ignorance is bliss
SPEAKER_R: better.
SPEAKER_L: but yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. There are some very happy people out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know I know one thing this this uh I'm old
SPEAKER_R: just don't understand how just taking care of yourself and trying not to hurt other people is politicized so much. Why is that,
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: why is that considered a political issue? Just do it. Like it's on the same level as like traffic laws or something like that. It's just, it's just operating in a society in a way where you don't hurt other people. That's all it is. It's not nobody is taking freedom away from you or anything that actually matters. Just do just exist in the same way you normally do. Just do it in a way where you don't hurt other people. If mild inconvenience sets you off this much, then what then what is really going on with your life? You gotta have, you have to have better priorities of that.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah when when it really hits the fan because you know this is gonna be the last time.
SPEAKER_R: No, not even close.
SPEAKER_L: No no it's gonna just keep getting worse and worse. You know we go through the whole thing why it's going to happen. But anyway
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: like I know that basically, I know people in Southeast Asia are basically like, yeah, we're we, you know, we're still we're still careful and cautious about things, but we basically are operating and kind of a post covid uh, society anyway. We all we wear a mask and we still take, we still take care of things. We don't go out and we're not super worried about it because basically we don't have cases here anymore. We test all the time, but we don't have cases anymore because we did what we were supposed to do.
SPEAKER_L: they have
SPEAKER_R: I think you said New Zealand
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: is basically at 00 new cases a day about like a week, like a couple weeks ago
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: I saw and
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: like this is what happens when you actually do things and don't don't prioritized a restaurant down the street over the health of over the health and welfare of the populist. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: they have a more collective society here. It's more of an individualistic you know everybody on their own. Uh huh And I hate to see we're going to be like you ever seen the movie The Road?
SPEAKER_R: I have not seen that movie.
SPEAKER_L: God I can't remember the dude's name. He played on Lord of the Rings. Anyway
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: it's him and his son they're traveling and it's like post apocalyptic kind of stuff and like they run across this group of people and they're cannibals and that
SPEAKER_R: that's the angle I was expected. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: yeah the people that they run across are cannibals and like they're sizing them up to eat them. I like, you know that's how people are gonna be, you know like you said the slightest inconvenience and they're going to turn into animals freaking anna
SPEAKER_R: Is that
SPEAKER_L: and this
SPEAKER_R: that's that's the killing smart, it's like people, yeah uh people's cognitive dissonance just really throws me off after my myself. But you know, we don't have to constantly remind myself that people just aren't smart by default not to say that people are like poor and stupid. Anything just that people are tend to be ignorant and overestimate their own knowledge of, of a given situation. They tend to have have an excessive focus on their own perspective, in their own experience over what's happening all around anywhere else. And by a major example of that, some people I've been hearing all my life, I'm 43 years old, I've been hearing all my life. America is the greatest country in the world, which it could theoretically be or could theoretically not be, but think about anything. Think about the word greatest. What does that word mean? It is a comparative adjective greater in order for it to be the greatest, it has to be greater than something else. So it means it has to be compared to something else what
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: I say. So when somebody says it's the greatest, that means it's greater than everything else. How much do I know about these other countries? That I'm saying is greater than what can I actually tell you about any of these other countries? So when I say so, if you, if you talk to somebody who says that America is the greatest country and they will not back down from that, asking what they know about any other country. Asked me to tell you three things about any other country. Any single other country asked them to tell them, Ask them when the last time they talk to the other person, poor person from another country was ask them what the capital of another country is. They don't know anything about these things. They're true. They're making the comparison to things. They don't even know what they compared it to all they're doing is just regurgitating what they've always been told all their lives that America is the greatest and if you do anything to upset their establish worldview then they take that as a personal affront that's like you're insulting them because that's basically become part of them over over their lives and that's it's sad but I mean it's something that we're all that we're all subject to unless we make a conscious effort to disconnect ourselves from those things.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's not gonna happen here. I'm not saying we're not, not for everybody because like I recognize that it's not the greatest. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mm You can
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: mom,
SPEAKER_R: think it's, you the thing is that's not a problem in the history of the world has ever been solved by pretending it doesn't exist.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I feel like my mom is from Germany and like if you had asked her 2030 years ago, she would have told you that America is the greatest and now she sees everything that's happening around her, you know like she grew up during World War Two, she spent her childhood in a bunker. Yeah, I'm a late baby. That's why. Yeah, like yeah I was she had me when I was like when she was like when she was old God anyway um
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: like she sees everything that's happening and she just she's like sometimes she's
SPEAKER_R: it's got to be really frustrating for
SPEAKER_L: it is I mean like she seasoned, she's like how can these people not see, how can they not see? And here's the kicker. She voted for trump, she voted for trump and she's like I didn't see it, I didn't see it and I fell right into the same trap that my mother did with Hitler and she's like
SPEAKER_R: How are you?
SPEAKER_L: she's like now there's babies in cages and
SPEAKER_R: Two
SPEAKER_L: there's people waving around nazi flags and there's american citizens without anything to eat and she is like nobody sees it. Yeah I was like well you know
SPEAKER_R: nobody
SPEAKER_L: I acknowledge
SPEAKER_R: sees,
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: nobody sees it as as part of the problem, these things as much as as much as trump and whatnot have exacerbated the problem. These things have always existed. These things are not new. The thing about it is the thing that this the thing that has happened post trump is that they just took the veil off. They stopped even pretending like you know, they stopped, they don't even act like they're trying to do the right thing, they do the wrong thing,
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: tell you it's the right thing and then tell you there's something wrong for you, something wrong with you for suggesting
SPEAKER_L: for questioning
SPEAKER_R: that was the wrong
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: thing in the first place.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The gas lighten it. So do you think as a person in brown skin that you have a different perspective?
SPEAKER_R: you have a different perspective on a lot of things, but yes, without question, my experience as a black
SPEAKER_L: I mean on the whole thing?
SPEAKER_R: influences influences uh my perspective a lot. There are a lot of things like, I don't know how many times I've been told crazy things by white people. I remember, well I remember being told, I don't, I've been told what, especially living in the south, Yeah, especially living in this because because I'm in Arkansas, I've been like a balloon in august most
SPEAKER_L: shit.
SPEAKER_R: about, you know, you, you can go one place and everything will be real cool, you go one place and then put a shotgun you just for being just, you know, just for existing in dark skin, uh huh And so you know, uh so sometimes I would, I used to be, I actually used to be a door a door meat salesman many years ago and a lot of times that we work in rural Arkansas and I just knocking on the walking on strangers doors
SPEAKER_L: Lord.
SPEAKER_R: answer. And one of the funniest things, I don't know how many times I had, you know, these perfectly nice and friendly white people just decide, you know what, there's a black person at my door. I'm going to tell him how racist I'm not I think you'll really enjoy hearing this long dissertation on how racist I am not. I'm just thinking, you know, I was cool with you, just not saying anything, giving you the benefit of the doubt. You could have just not anything at all. But I mean now you're starting to make me ask questions. Like why did you feel so why did you feel like you had to say this right now? Oh hi, nice to meet you, by the way, I'm not racist. Nice to know. Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, I don't work for my for my advantage. I've been like okay you're not racist. Well then here you need to buy some extra stakes then. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. People I had people worked with while I was there who basically said yo you're the whitest black guy I ever met, like what
SPEAKER_L: Morning.
SPEAKER_R: does that mean? It was like, what does that mean?
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Why? Like how are you telling you? How are you calling me white? What is your qualification for me for me being somehow white or less black? Like how are you as a white person to how can you possibly as a white person dictate what how how black I am? What is your justification for that position? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Now that said no, you can't tell somebody, like you can't tell somebody their experience. That's
SPEAKER_R: But I
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: mean that's that's that's
SPEAKER_L: I have
SPEAKER_R: what people don't see beyond their own, their own experience. I don't know how many times I've said this so many times in so many different situations. People like things are good. Some people think here about something. I think it's an isolated incident. I have to keep telling people. It's like, just because it doesn't happen to you doesn't mean it doesn't happen just because you don't see, it doesn't mean it's not going on. You have to realize if you're looking this way, there's like 200, there's like 300° or stuff that you can't see when you're looking straight ahead. That's how the world works. And, and that's, and honestly, as americans, I think we know less about the rest of the world than most of the rest of the world knows about the rest of the world.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We're so damn isolated now
SPEAKER_R: Were isolated and insulated.
SPEAKER_L: anna don't we want to play with us anymore.
SPEAKER_R: Like I said, we're isolated and insulated. We're basically, we're basically through news, through interaction through and through economy or whatever. We're basically put in the position where we I don't have to acknowledge the rest of the world. So we just, I don't know anything. We haven't got said before. We have no standard for comparison. We think we're the best because we don't know anything else. And how can you, how can you make a comparative statement about something when you don't know what the rest of the options are? If I said if I went to a restaurant said this is the best thing on the menu and I've eaten nothing but this on the menu. How seriously can you take the opinion? You can I say tell me what's the best thing on the menu? How about this uh this ham and cheese sandwich? What about the shrimp? I don't know. I've never had it. But you just said this is the best thing on the menu. I like it. That's not an answer to that question. Actually. What the best thing is, you can't tell me if this is there than that. If you never had that. That's not how it works.
SPEAKER_L: See, and here's another problem though. Like you asked them like making the comparison from something that, you know, and then something that you don't know, people are so closed off and isolated within their own thoughts right now that even if they did have the experience of someplace else, they were probably just the assholes. Like they just like, I don't even want to be here. Like they wouldn't even enjoy it. I can't wait to get back, I just can't wait to get back. This place is horrible. Like they were just totally that's how people are, that's how people are in this joint. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I've been around people who have left the country and just like, yes, it's so much better than America. And I've also known people who left and were like, I can't wait to go back and yes, to some degree it depends on, you know, where they went. But also it's just
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: different personalities. There are a lot of people are gonna look for different things in life. People are gonna have different focuses sometimes depending on who you are, where you are in life. A change of location can incite certain things and you can make you think something is better. But hey, at least at that point you actually have a comparative experience. Most people are just saying America is the best because they don't know how to say anything else. And I always find it weird when people get offended at the notion that you should try to improve something. Like if you don't like it here to leave with. Like I said, okay, what's this logic? What's what's really weird about that? It's like sometimes people say that it's like, okay, you have kids, right? Your kids misbehave sometimes. Yeah, Yeah. I mean, only all kids behave. Okay. So every time your kids behave, you just pack up and move out of the house, right? Because after all, if you don't like it, and you gotta leave, that's that's how you operate, right? Oh, you don't. Well, then why are you sitting, why are you holding me to standards? You can hold yourself to? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: that's a good analogy. That's very good. I don't know. I'm not uh Yeah, like my mom is white and my dad is mexican. And I get that thing like I've had I've had people tell me like, I only mess with you because you're you're half white. Like what? You know, be like, okay, well this will be the last time you mess with me. Yes,
SPEAKER_R: It's weird how people will be so bold. So it's like, it's like, it's supposed to be like, it's supposed to be
SPEAKER_L: couple of minutes. Get the fucking cold.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Right, okay. Mhm. I don't I don't understand. I remember getting I got used to get some really weird, I used to get some really weird Myspace messages that when Myspace was big, it was like, why
SPEAKER_L: I never had my space.
SPEAKER_R: did you think this is gonna work? Yeah. Like if you read my profile, why did you ever think this is gonna this is gonna work? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: don't know and
SPEAKER_R: hold on. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but like I like I couldn't tell you yours, you couldn't tell me mine.
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I don't know what some of these closed off people are doing but maybe they need to put their experience out there. I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: think people just it's frustrating just because you don't you can't really necessarily do anything about it in a direct way. Uh the thing is you can it's something it's something that has to be worked out over generations and also needs to be done as a you know, at a societal level, you can't just you can talk to the people, you know, you can try to get ideas across, but you but it's gonna take widespread cultural change. You can't solve a micro problem. You can't solve a micro problem with a micro solution. You can't it's just like but you know, you can't it's too big, it's there's too much going on, it's too high level. You can you can try to talk it out of a person here and there. You can or whatever, but you have to do, but things have to happen on heights. Or like, you know, the analogy I use on this is actually something that was in the process of writing recently on the subject uh because it's a good analogy Uh in 2017, I think I looked it up recently. Uh worldwide revenue for the fitness industry Was $80 billion $80 billion. The fitness in the worldwide for this industry generated over $80 billion dollars in revenue. 32 billion of that was in America. That's 40% of the worldwide fitness industry is in America with numbers like that. You think America would be the healthiest country in the world? Huh? No, no, not at all, turns out you can't just throw, it turns out you can't just, let's the market fixed societal problems. No the reason the reason it's like that it's primarily because we have a bad money oriented food culture every year. That is that is that is the number one driver of our health problems. All sugar and fat and high calories and the I. D. N. Uh additives and preservatives and all the crap that they put in the food just so that they can crank out more stuff cheaper. As opposed to just trying to make reasonable sized portions made with whole way with you know decent is not even so much about processed food. Is is just the number the amount of stuff that has almost no nutritional value but it's cheap and is available everywhere so that you almost can't avoid it because that's because if it's easier to get thing a and it's harder to get things be and things be is more expensive and you can just go over here and grab thing A what part are most people gonna do? They're gonna grab thing A. If thing is bad for you and thing B is not as bad for you, but you won't feel the difference between eating A. And B. For like several years, people are gonna keep eating at, you have to exert extra effort to do this. Most people will not acknowledge it, but we live a large portion of our life on autopilot things, you know, we're on like a conveyor belt and we reach off the conveyor belt to do a thing here there. But if the conveyor belt is leading us down a bad path, that's not, that's that conveyor belt is at fault. You can't put a whole bunch of people on the conveyor belt leading in one direction and then fall the people on the conveyor belt for not jumping off at a specific location. That's, that's not how it works. If the system is leading us all in this bad direction and it's the things consistently go in that direction, you've got to look at what that something within the system that that is causing that to happen or at the very least not stopping it from happening.
SPEAKER_L: the means of controlling the population. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And that's actually, that's one of the reasons, that's one of the biggest obstacles that actually actually getting any changes done, because you can't because even when you have people that want to make a difference, if it means surrendering relative control over the popular over the population, then maybe not so motivated anymore.
SPEAKER_L: mm. Yeah that's yeah that's true. Um I was gonna say
SPEAKER_R: It's like
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: I love to have people eating healthier, but these people are helping fund my campaign and I don't know, maybe it's just not that big a deal maybe. Well maybe we'll try to make a change next time, maybe after I get elected. Okay. Maybe after I get elected next time.
SPEAKER_L: all that work uh Mrs Obama did like like you're talking about I'm talking about like school lunches, all that work. Yeah and the kids look look I've seen my kids food, my daughter sent me pictures of her food and she's they got some good looking food that's a good looking food. I've been like sad I want to go to lunch with you but and then like now like let's bring it all, let's bring all that crap back in everything she did just down the drain. Mm I was gonna say about people. I read somewhere that like in order to reach somebody who's got a, a really far off opinion than what you have. Like usually the one question that you can ask them is like, like say somebody who is just blatantly I know we talked about race racist or there blatantly on the far right or I don't know, just way different. They said one thing that you can ask and see where it goes. If you ask them at what time and when did it happen that somebody ruined your perception of the world and then you see how they answer. Like if somebody be like, well I don't, I don't like asian people. When did that happen? When did you decide that you didn't like asian people? But I don't like fat people? When did you decide that you don't like fat people? So a lot of people don't expect that,
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I would think that most people would be a little blindsided by that question. That's that's pretty interesting.
SPEAKER_L: y'all? Yeah. Usually when I asked that question, like on social media, I maybe like 25% in time get a response. So
SPEAKER_R: a lot of people are a lot of people out there. I say people kind of want to just make air quotes as I say people because there are a lot of like agitators and and box and things out there that just
SPEAKER_L: 40
SPEAKER_R: really just show up just to say just to say whatever the opposing position is just the the filling up. Just just a
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: destroyed.
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: I actually saw it was the craziest thing I saw. I saw somebody actually defend the boston massacre.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Didn't they, did didn't they get that guy reprieve or something recently? Is
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: it that I'm
SPEAKER_R: talk about the
SPEAKER_L: talking about the bombing? I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, he's talking about the boston marathon bombing. Uh I'm talking to somebody who's thinking somebody somebody had started about about basically take you know, going down all the details of the events of the boston massacre, about how you know people uh there was an occupying force, people were bothered by them being there and there was there, yeah, yell some stuff uh the occupying force got aggressive things, got bigger than they just killed everybody and blah blah blah and said, oh yeah this is not, this is not like one of the protests from like recently, this was the boston massacre. Okay, the start of the american revolution. Uh so yeah, just think about how mad you are about, about this story, before it started and then just remember this is how this country was founded. And then so I
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: saw that look at the college, somebody was actually defending the british for before it started the boston by the boston massacre. I was like like many people I can't say if this is a real person, I feel so bad for them because they nobody nobody taught them anything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, they're the people what? Those people just wanna they're wasting your time. I hate that, I hate that. And then
SPEAKER_R: One
SPEAKER_L: you like
SPEAKER_R: of my biggest
SPEAKER_L: comments.
SPEAKER_R: thing was just wondering how to disengage, that's what that's always been one of my biggest my biggest shortcomings. It's like man, I always feel like man, if I just say this in a slightly different way, maybe I'll get through to him. No, some of these people you just
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: can't get through to.
SPEAKER_L: they there's a lot of like you said the box and stuff like that, And then they got like 400 responses underneath there or whatever they said, and they're not saying anything. They're they're getting people to waste their time so they can be less productive in society. That's all that they just sucking up the air, sucking up the air, sucking up the oxygen. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it's just it's
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: get me.
SPEAKER_R: it's just trolling, that's all it is and and the problem is it used to be a lot easier to identify troll but now stupid people are out in such force with and so bold. It's hard to tell the difference anymore. Okay, people are so emboldened with their ignorance at this point. It's hard to tell the difference between when somebody parody doesn't work when real life is a period.
SPEAKER_L: That's true. That's true. Uh yeah,
SPEAKER_R: There's uh there is a can't there was a facebook group I think called, I think it's called not uh on the onion. And people would just constantly reply to stuff on the onion with like serious replies. Yeah. And then there's something then there's another account called not the Onion which is basically like real stories that you would think would have been on the onion but their actual real stories and it's like it's hard to tell the difference between those two anymore.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, they got like, what is it? The onion and yeah, you're right, you're right, you're right. They have the onion and then there's the Borowitz report and there's something else there, like satire. Yeah, they not too far from reality. Yeah, he'd be like,
SPEAKER_R: tire is just you're taking is making a play off of the faith but taking it to a level of ridiculousness where it becomes at least relatively obvious that it is when
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: things
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: are already
SPEAKER_L: them.
SPEAKER_R: ridiculous. How far, how far do you have to take it to make it make it apparent to the satire? No, they get pretty
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: challenging.
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm. There's no fine line anymore. Sometimes I have to look to see you who wrote an article on the Light, Is this real? Should I? Uh
SPEAKER_R: backpack three back checking is definitely a good habit to get into these days.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And I saw my uh my mom was in the hospital uh earlier this year and I saw my arm for the first time and she started telling me about how they're proposing some new amendment and blah blah blah and stuff. And she was going to send me information on it on the, on on facebook and I said, okay, sure. And so she sent me a link to, it is literally just a facebook post. It was, there was nothing in the government. It was just a facebook post saying, Hey, what would be cool if we had this amendment forward this to your friends and see if we can get this on the ballot. Like that's not how
SPEAKER_L: Austin,
SPEAKER_R: amendments get past. This is literally nothing. This is just, this is just a dream that some random person on facebook came up with. I
SPEAKER_L: I'm really,
SPEAKER_R: can make a facebook post right now. It says uh let's elect the chihuahua to be the governor of the state and it would have just as much, just as much weight actually with we might be better off with the wallet, but
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: after
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: going to say we got Abbott down here, are you serious? Mm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, y'all can they need to take him dan Patrick and all
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: the other noon tunes? Mm No, no, sir, you can keep them. Mhm. Well sir, New women on here for 42 minutes. Is
SPEAKER_R: We actually,
SPEAKER_L: it a
SPEAKER_R: we actually
SPEAKER_L: conversation?
SPEAKER_R: went long. I'm not longer than we were supposed to. I think Uh
SPEAKER_L: it was a good conversation.
SPEAKER_R: girls old like 25. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it was a good conversation though. That's what happens. Well, I'm gonna go and check out this band for real. I am going to check out this band because now you've got me looking at this dude playing guitar. I'm going to click this real quick before we part ways. I want to hear this. Okay, go away, hold on. This is Animals Leaders CFO prosthetic.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I figured that would have been the first thing that came out this calf. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, this is the one that had the thing with this holy shit C and I used to listen to this kind of music, like all the time. I go through my little things, I'll be like eighties pop metal, Mhm Blues. You know, I'll go for a few months, be really into something and then go to some final
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I I get myself down little rabbit holes a lot too. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. My next big for me purchase is probably gonna be in a spring guitar
SPEAKER_L: Cat
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: Salmon.
SPEAKER_R: primarily just so I can try to play some of that stuff which I can't, but I'd like to try to at least be able to try.
SPEAKER_L: I am going to do. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. It's also a really weird video. Mm
SPEAKER_L: I don't even know what that thing is. It looks like a heart or something like internal organs. I don't know what that is
SPEAKER_R: I don't know what that
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: is. Uh the name of the song CFO. CFO? Uh it
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: means uh
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: I forgot what that means.
SPEAKER_L: it tire and it's entirely instrumental? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Right.
SPEAKER_L: It's cool.
SPEAKER_R: But the word, I mean the name of the song is an abbreviated is an abbreviation for a controlled animal feeding operation. I don't know exactly how that ties into the to this particular someone, but I think that has a lot to do with the imagery.
SPEAKER_L: this person said this song inspired me to give up on guitar. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you get a lot more confident. You get, you will feel you'll see a lot of more comments. And uh this is off of their first album. They have they have a drummer named Matt Garcia, who is it was also an enormous freak of nature. And you'll see a lot of comments about him like on a lot of their other stuff on Youtube. He has there also he has a lot of uh play friends uh as long as on on Youtube also. But yeah, a
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: lot of times they'll say stuff like uh those are their stuff like uh Medrano
SPEAKER_L: Excuse me.
SPEAKER_R: time themselves to matt Garcia. Uh huh,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: stuff
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: like that.
SPEAKER_L: gonna have to share this on my facebook because I got a friend like uh he grew up down the road. Like we reconnected like after so many years he listened to Philippines now and he's really big into guitar. I mean he plays guitar so he would appreciate this. I have to share this. You probably knows what it is.
SPEAKER_R: It wouldn't
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely,
SPEAKER_R: surprise me for um
SPEAKER_L: Well, well, thank you for sharing. That's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: there's no problem.
SPEAKER_L: do. I like the new learning about new music. That's pretty cool. That's I mean, I love like Pantera. Uh Some of it down. I don't know. I like so many things. Oh, I don't know. I love everything. All right man. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: approaching in that way now, so I guess it's time to go ahead and hop off.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. All right. You have a good one. Take care.
SPEAKER_R: All right? You too how you can do Oh,
SPEAKER_L: I don't know how you gonna stop this thing.
SPEAKER_R: I would say it's
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: guess I
SPEAKER_R: wait,
SPEAKER_L: was supposed to exit out
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: of that
SPEAKER_R: just
SPEAKER_L: field.
SPEAKER_R: went to the other page and see okay when you're
SPEAKER_L: That feels so damn final. Alright, I'm exiting out later.