mm. Mhm. Hm It's bad. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Oh. Mhm. Okay.
Hello? Good afternoon. Can you hear me?
Hi,
how are you today?
thought I was doing okay. I was like, well I'm gonna look good
today. And then I get on the video and I'm like uh I stayed up kind of like going up school work and then doing some online training at all. Yeah. And now I kind of regret how I look. Oh
Right, so are you playing guitar or you listening to guitar?
Are you practicing?
So what
kind of music do you like?
You
like everything?
Yeah, I've been going through a I was
I've been going through a blues fades
for a while. No, my sister is really into blues too, so
you set yourself a little thing or or
So did I?
And I was like, man, I better get on it.
Hell did I say? Oh, man. And I had set a time or two and
now
I pressed
past.
Mm So you play with anybody or you just play on your own or?
Do you have any favorites like guitarist wise or? Yeah,
Yeah.
Okay.
Um
now I'm gonna have to look it up. Where is he called again?
There you go. There. They're kind of, they're a diverse group.
Oh, that's pretty cool.
Yeah, I have to check that out then. Uh huh. Oh, I see what you mean. Oh man, let them fingers go
hold it. Only said
damn, look at him,
wow. Like I haven't went to like last time I went to anything was like two years ago, two years ago. My sister took me to Austin, we went to Antone's blues club and they had a pretty good band plan. I couldn't tell you what it was because like she got me like, I don't drink And she got me two shots. Tequila and the rest of the night was fuzzy so I can't tell you who played. But they were really good. So then then there's like,
I
live
in
Uh Yeah, I got a lot of family that lives here.
I feel like it's
going to fall to the wayside with everything that's happening in there.
They got a lot of they got a lot of problems in Austin, like my brother, he wants to get out so bad. He says nothing like what it used to be. I was like, you're telling me I go there and I don't it's unrecognizable when I was like, way younger. So.
it's changed a lot. Yeah. Skyline
doesn't look anything like it used to. Yeah. That's gross. You're right. Things change. But anyway, they got I live in College station now and they got a a blues club and somewhere brian. But since the covid thing came, Yeah, everything's closed down.
yeah. I'm really like, I was a big Lysol. I know that's really
like this first world problems things. But like I always use Lysol in my house from, from as long as I can remember. And then the next thing I know, there's no lights also. Yeah. There goes my first world problem
one.
Yeah. That's ridiculous. It is. It is. I went to the like remember after it, the whole like you said, total paper thing and I went to the dollar store and at first they were like, we're going to give you a four pack for a buck 50 it's king dollar, $10, everything is like $1.49.
I don't know where that one cent goes. But yeah, And
they had like a four pack for a dollar 50 and then it would sell out and it would sell out and it would sell out. And then they started packaging it individually one role for a dollar 50. And I was like, mm Yeah, and you can get away with it too because people are out of their damn minds.
It's
Oh yeah, the scott roles, The only place we had really good luck was finding it. It was at a target. Yeah.
true, true true. Yeah,
I'm so tired of people.
All right. I'm Yeah, I told myself don't get political, don't get political, but I'm in of course I'm in deep, I don't know if you're liberal or conservative and uh well, I'm in deep red uh Denier College station, so nobody wants to wear their nobody wants to wear their mask. You know they got the body guards up there in front of walmart, making sure you got your masks on. Like I used to be a nurse. Okay now I'm in health information management, but you know, just tell a different arm of the same thing anyway. Um Yeah, it's just an infection control issue and people like you said, I want to do people stuff just like just
just just come on, let's get this over with,
I
don't know.
Nothing. Yeah.
Yeah.
Uh
Costa Rica
Costa.
It's ridiculous
because
if you don't do look, if you don't do the test, then there is no no positive cases. So
it's
there's no there's no cases
if you don't
do
it
when
he
well, you know, ignorance is bliss
but yeah
I don't know I know one thing this this uh I'm old
and
Yeah when when it really hits the fan because you know this is gonna be the last time.
No no it's gonna just keep getting worse and worse. You know we go through the whole thing why it's going to happen. But anyway
and
they have
well
no
and
they have a more collective society here. It's more of an individualistic you know everybody on their own. Uh huh And I hate to see we're going to be like you ever seen the movie The Road?
God I can't remember the dude's name. He played on Lord of the Rings. Anyway
it's him and his son they're traveling and it's like post apocalyptic kind of stuff and like they run across this group of people and they're cannibals and that
yeah the people that they run across are cannibals and like they're sizing them up to eat them. I like, you know that's how people are gonna be, you know like you said the slightest inconvenience and they're going to turn into animals freaking anna
and this
now.
Yeah, that's not gonna happen here. I'm not saying we're not, not for everybody because like I recognize that it's not the greatest. Yeah.
My
mom,
Yeah. I feel like my mom is from Germany and like if you had asked her 2030 years ago, she would have told you that America is the greatest and now she sees everything that's happening around her, you know like she grew up during World War Two, she spent her childhood in a bunker. Yeah, I'm a late baby. That's why. Yeah, like yeah I was she had me when I was like when she was like when she was old God anyway um
like she sees everything that's happening and she just she's like sometimes she's
it is I mean like she seasoned, she's like how can these people not see, how can they not see? And here's the kicker. She voted for trump, she voted for trump and she's like I didn't see it, I didn't see it and I fell right into the same trap that my mother did with Hitler and she's like
she's like now there's babies in cages and
there's people waving around nazi flags and there's american citizens without anything to eat and she is like nobody sees it. Yeah I was like well you know
I acknowledge
it
I'm
for questioning
it
Yeah. The gas lighten it. So do you think as a person in brown skin that you have a different perspective?
I mean on the whole thing?
shit.
Lord.
yeah, I don't work for my for my advantage. I've been like okay you're not racist. Well then here you need to buy some extra stakes then. Uh huh.
Morning.
No.
Now that said no, you can't tell somebody, like you can't tell somebody their experience. That's
no,
I have
Yeah. We're so damn isolated now
anna don't we want to play with us anymore.
See, and here's another problem though. Like you asked them like making the comparison from something that, you know, and then something that you don't know, people are so closed off and isolated within their own thoughts right now that even if they did have the experience of someplace else, they were probably just the assholes. Like they just like, I don't even want to be here. Like they wouldn't even enjoy it. I can't wait to get back, I just can't wait to get back. This place is horrible. Like they were just totally that's how people are, that's how people are in this joint. Uh huh.
And
that's a good analogy. That's very good. I don't know. I'm not uh Yeah, like my mom is white and my dad is mexican. And I get that thing like I've had I've had people tell me like, I only mess with you because you're you're half white. Like what? You know, be like, okay, well this will be the last time you mess with me. Yes,
couple of minutes. Get the fucking cold.
I never had my space.
don't know and
but like I like I couldn't tell you yours, you couldn't tell me mine.
I don't know what some of these closed off people are doing but maybe they need to put their experience out there. I
was
the means of controlling the population. Yeah.
mm. Yeah that's yeah that's true. Um I was gonna say
about
all that work uh Mrs Obama did like like you're talking about I'm talking about like school lunches, all that work. Yeah and the kids look look I've seen my kids food, my daughter sent me pictures of her food and she's they got some good looking food that's a good looking food. I've been like sad I want to go to lunch with you but and then like now like let's bring it all, let's bring all that crap back in everything she did just down the drain. Mm I was gonna say about people. I read somewhere that like in order to reach somebody who's got a, a really far off opinion than what you have. Like usually the one question that you can ask them is like, like say somebody who is just blatantly I know we talked about race racist or there blatantly on the far right or I don't know, just way different. They said one thing that you can ask and see where it goes. If you ask them at what time and when did it happen that somebody ruined your perception of the world and then you see how they answer. Like if somebody be like, well I don't, I don't like asian people. When did that happen? When did you decide that you didn't like asian people? But I don't like fat people? When did you decide that you don't like fat people? So a lot of people don't expect that,
y'all? Yeah. Usually when I asked that question, like on social media, I maybe like 25% in time get a response. So
40
they
want
yeah. Didn't they, did didn't they get that guy reprieve or something recently? Is
it that I'm
talking about the bombing? I'm sorry.
And
Yeah. No, they're the people what? Those people just wanna they're wasting your time. I hate that, I hate that. And then
you like
comments.
No.
they there's a lot of like you said the box and stuff like that, And then they got like 400 responses underneath there or whatever they said, and they're not saying anything. They're they're getting people to waste their time so they can be less productive in society. That's all that they just sucking up the air, sucking up the air, sucking up the oxygen. Yeah,
don't
get me.
That's true. That's true. Uh yeah,
yeah, they got like, what is it? The onion and yeah, you're right, you're right, you're right. They have the onion and then there's the Borowitz report and there's something else there, like satire. Yeah, they not too far from reality. Yeah, he'd be like,
there
is
them.
Well,
mm hmm. There's no fine line anymore. Sometimes I have to look to see you who wrote an article on the Light, Is this real? Should I? Uh
Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Austin,
I'm really,
I
was
going to say we got Abbott down here, are you serious? Mm
Yeah, y'all can they need to take him dan Patrick and all
the other noon tunes? Mm No, no, sir, you can keep them. Mhm. Well sir, New women on here for 42 minutes. Is
it a
conversation?
it was a good conversation.
Yeah, it was a good conversation though. That's what happens. Well, I'm gonna go and check out this band for real. I am going to check out this band because now you've got me looking at this dude playing guitar. I'm going to click this real quick before we part ways. I want to hear this. Okay, go away, hold on. This is Animals Leaders CFO prosthetic.
Okay. Yeah, this is the one that had the thing with this holy shit C and I used to listen to this kind of music, like all the time. I go through my little things, I'll be like eighties pop metal, Mhm Blues. You know, I'll go for a few months, be really into something and then go to some final
Cat
Salmon.
I am going to do. Yeah.
I don't even know what that thing is. It looks like a heart or something like internal organs. I don't know what that is
that.
Yeah.
Is
it tire and it's entirely instrumental? Okay.
It's cool.
this person said this song inspired me to give up on guitar. Uh
No.
Excuse me.
Yeah.
I'm
gonna have to share this on my facebook because I got a friend like uh he grew up down the road. Like we reconnected like after so many years he listened to Philippines now and he's really big into guitar. I mean he plays guitar so he would appreciate this. I have to share this. You probably knows what it is.
Absolutely,
Well, well, thank you for sharing. That's pretty cool.
I
do. I like the new learning about new music. That's pretty cool. That's I mean, I love like Pantera. Uh Some of it down. I don't know. I like so many things. Oh, I don't know. I love everything. All right man. Yeah.
Okay. All right. You have a good one. Take care.
I don't know how you gonna stop this thing.
I
guess I
was supposed to exit out
of that
field.
That feels so damn final. Alright, I'm exiting out later.