SPEAKER_L: exactly, that's right, texas, Haley gary, what is it? Mhm. Hi Alex, yeah, wow. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yes, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh, Mhm, Mhm. Yeah, Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, Yeah. Okay. Yeah, Yeah. Oh yeah, Did you? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm Oh yeah, Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm, Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah, Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah, sure, Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, yeah. Mhm. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm, Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. Yeah, Yeah. Right. All right, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yes, yeah, wow. Mhm. Okay, mm. All right. Mhm. Right, mm. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm, True. Uh huh. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hello, can you see me?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Alright, let's try this, Does that work?
SPEAKER_L: Okay, Yes, I can hear you see, are you the person I'm supposed to chat with? Are you a person on the study?
SPEAKER_R: I know, I think uh I think you're the person I'm supposed to chat with. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: All right. Um so what do you want to write about? Where
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: are you located?
SPEAKER_R: California.
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Arkansas, I am moved back to Arkansas to take care of my mom, but I was living in Pittsburgh the last
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: 12 years, so it's kind of a kind of a culture shock to come back here. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: and when did you do that?
SPEAKER_L: Um last august I sold my house and quit my job and moved back to actually to even smaller town than where I grew up. So I hate it. So how are you, how do you like in life?
SPEAKER_R: it's uh you know, weird times right now, obviously um we're working from home and looks like you've got a cat.
SPEAKER_L: I've got cats and dogs back here.
SPEAKER_R: There's a long white cat, they're kind of right on the side of the screen.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's a dog actually, but there is a cat right next to you, just can't see.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um so yeah, kind of a weird time in general, just obviously working from home, I'm fortunate I've got a job where I can do that and you know, the just a lot of, you know, just weird stuff in general just happening.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm the same way, I don't leave the house a lot because I don't want to expose my mom. Um but then I was supposed to start a new job and they canceled it because of this. It just started in March. So it's really hard to find a job during a pandemic.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. No, I hear you. We are when we are we had within my business, we just last week went through some downsizing inside a couple of folks that had to leave. And I mean it's just, you know, it's bad enough when it happens in general, but, you know, during the current environment, I mean, it's just
SPEAKER_L: It's just
SPEAKER_R: just that much worse.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm Yeah, I'm I don't know, I got a job with the post office I think, but I'm gonna have to drive 45 minutes, so, but I mean it pays okay for here, it's a lot less than, you know what I was making in Pittsburgh, but that's to be expected, but it's better than no money coming in, so good. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: I'm, you know, kind of kind of like you said, I I've got my parents
SPEAKER_L: Should
SPEAKER_R: that live just about a mile or so away and so my dad's 80 and my mom's 75
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: you know, same thing, you know, obviously
SPEAKER_L: sweet.
SPEAKER_R: the last thing we want them to do is is
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: be out and about and uh, they've been really good about it. They've, you know, we've, we've been trying to deliver groceries to them and take stuff over as they need. And uh, you know, I think they've left the house, you know, maybe 56 times in total. And, you know, all of those times, it's essentially
SPEAKER_L: Say
SPEAKER_R: just, you know, curbside pickup or something like that.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, I'm my mom's primary caregiver, so she's telling everybody, I'm basically keeping her hostage here in the house. She never sees anybody and like people, like one of her friends tried to come visit her and I wouldn't let her come in, this is in the beginning, and I was like, and she didn't have a mask on or anything, I was like why would you do that? You know she's high risk like why would you just show up and
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: then the next time I let her visit but where masks and sit on the other side of the room because you know I haven't protected her for three or four months for somebody just to waltz on it and like spread there germs everywhere and then I have to go to walmart and no one here believes they all think it's a hoax. So there's like no social distancing, no wearing masks I wear a mask and I'm just like dodging people trying to get what I need and get out but no one here cares. And California I heard is getting a lot worse so
SPEAKER_R: It has in fact in fact our governor today basically
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: rolled everything back for
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: the whole state,
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: step
SPEAKER_R: so like we had like hair care and um indoor dining, some of that had already started um and he basically said, nope, all that has to be put on hold indefinitely because because yeah, I mean the numbers have have definitely jumped up and I'm
SPEAKER_L: That,
SPEAKER_R: in the northern part of the state, but the luckily ours is it's
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: okay, but it's not terrible, but uh the southern part of the state is really bad.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Yeah I used to, well I was stationed in Monterey briefly but that's as far north as I went except for to visit san Francisco on the weekends sometimes. But I'm sure you haven't been to Arkansas because there's nothing here.
SPEAKER_R: Um I've been through the state.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's not a lot you know to stop and see. So we didn't have anything shut down really here. They had some they had restaurant shut down briefly and then now it's for masks until you get seated and then you can take your mask off. My aunt owns a restaurant here in town and they have like all the tables spread out really far and you just have to wear your mask when you go to the table and that's it. But everything else is just business as usual so
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: uh that's kind of kind
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: of scared.
SPEAKER_L: it is because there's not a lot of you know everything all civilizations at least an hour away. So I have to go either to the local walmart at the local grocery store and there's like a tractor supply, but just not a lot here. So. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: So so so
SPEAKER_L: so, so
SPEAKER_R: so this is like the make the seventh
SPEAKER_L: seven
SPEAKER_R: time on the study
SPEAKER_L: step
SPEAKER_R: that had
SPEAKER_L: step
SPEAKER_R: been scheduled
SPEAKER_L: step,
SPEAKER_R: for a time and this is the first time somebody's actually shown up.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no, you know, I didn't show up for my last one, this is this is my second one scheduled the first time. It's so stupid. I I have an amazon show and so I was like, hey Alexa, um give me a reminder of chat date. Well it came and went and I was like, it said check date, so I was like why did I tell myself to check the date? And then I just went out my life, like I just completely had forgotten about it.
SPEAKER_R: Three,
SPEAKER_L: And and so, so I love somebody hanging, I feel really bad about it,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: I guess I've had I think six of these prior to, I mean it was almost I was almost assuming that was kind of the norm.
SPEAKER_L: maybe it was part of the test to see how you'd react, like they're watching you,
SPEAKER_R: I I didn't mind, I mean because they when when you showed up and uh you know I just wait for 10 or 15 minutes and nobody would show up, you just submit
SPEAKER_L: so,
SPEAKER_R: the or you fill out the rest of it submitted and I think they sent you a dollar 50 for the time or something.
SPEAKER_L: so No, well at least they did something. I used to um work on a college campus for about nine years and I did a lot of studies, like it was so easy money on my on my lunch breaks and stuff. And we were also worked at Carnegie Mellon University, and then we were right next to the University of Pittsburgh, so they would also have studies in between the two I could like or go after work or go at lunch, and like, I always had a side income coming in from studies, it's
SPEAKER_R: it's a it's a nice way to make make a little bit of extra money on the side and uh
SPEAKER_L: right, well, when I still smoked, I did a smoking study and I think I ended up making like $700 off of that, just going after work a couple of days a week. And they would test to see if I was cheating because they were giving me these other cigarettes to smoke that were really bad, but they had less nicotine and or at least I assume they did because like didn't get any satisfaction from them and the whole thing was, it was a double blind study, so I couldn't know if they were normal cigarettes, but and then they also gave us like little scratch offs for lottery, so I never won. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I did, I did one a few years ago for um I think it was the toothbrush company sonic care and had gotten enrolled in one of their studies and it was like every like two
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: weeks they kept sending us like another $200. And I couldn't, it never made sense. They were just you know, here's here's more money in like so after a month that
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: it must have been at least 600 or $700.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, I did one for um it was like crest or Colgate where they had me by the toothpaste online and they reimburse you for it and I could only get like a five pack at the time and they reimburse me for, and then I didn't run out of toothpaste for like a really long time and I
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: think they sent me some then too. Yeah, I had a lot of toothpaste, like a lot. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Um We have the the try and think of the name of it, the um consumer products company um drawing a blank. They do like Lysol and hold
SPEAKER_L: Is it like pinky
SPEAKER_R: up.
SPEAKER_L: or no? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: should know because their base they're based here in northern California. But anyway they've got a they've got probably about 20 minutes away, they've got a research center
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: and they'll periodically, you know, they'll they'll send
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: you invites for like you know various tests. Um And some of them you know you go in there and they're kind of the standard ones, you know, try
SPEAKER_L: trump.
SPEAKER_R: these wipes or you know what do you think about this new product? But one of the items they also offer is the fresh step cat litter. And so they'll periodically do these cat litter tests where you basically you you like you identify a time you drive through. They
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: give you two boxes of cat litter and we have cats here. Also they give you two boxes of cat litter and basically use one box for two weeks and then they send you like about five minutes study and then you use the other one for two weeks and same thing. We'll send you a five minute study. And um at the end of it not only do you get the the cat litter itself but then they also send you like a 50 or $75 gift card. So
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: it works out pretty well and you know your your time is basically whatever time it takes to drive there and pick up the letter.
SPEAKER_L: I wish they do that here. I um I did one time in Pittsburgh, there's a place downtown and I got in for one, it was like 100 bucks for me to go spend an hour talking about um contact lens solution. So that's all we had to do. We didn't even have to try it. We just had to say what brand we used, we had to bring our bottle in what we liked about it while we used it. And I was just like, because it's cheap because after a while you start to realize there's just not a big difference anyway. That
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and I've done I've done a couple of uh in person ones as well and uh you know it's always it's always interesting just you know the group of people that come together and just you know sometimes you go in there not really knowing what they're going to talk to you about and other times you know you have a pretty good idea of you know what the what the topic is or you know what you're going to cover.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's why I hate being out here so isolated for the last year. And I don't know how to act like I'm talking to you is like the first face to face discussion with a stranger. I've had months except for you know the cashier at walmart and she's behind the big glass and we both have mask fun. Yeah. So I'm supposed to be what 20 25 minutes
SPEAKER_R: 25
SPEAKER_L: or?
SPEAKER_R: minutes I think. Yeah. So
SPEAKER_L: So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and I know they were real there since
SPEAKER_L: It's a
SPEAKER_R: this is like the seventh time I've gone through the process there are very specific, you know that has to be you know the full 25 minutes, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I saw that. I said you won't get paid if you don't stay the full 25 minutes,
SPEAKER_R: Right. Right. Right. Yeah. Actually you know, probably X 26 27 after. We should we should definitely at that point have our 25 minutes in.
SPEAKER_L: right? Um I don't know what else to talk about. Uh I went to the pharmacy today and I took my mom to the doctor for M. R. I. That's all I've done all day long and I played a video game because I just do that a lot down because I don't have anything else to do. And I'm waiting to hear back from the post office so I can go to my drug test and then I can push around a cart and sort mel. But they pay pretty
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: well like I said, I mean it's better than nothing. So you work just a regular 9 to 5 kind of thing at home. It's
SPEAKER_R: so I'm
SPEAKER_L: not.
SPEAKER_R: kind of in the in the tech industry just do a lot of like planning
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: and coordination, kind of working with project teams and getting stuff
SPEAKER_L: Step step.
SPEAKER_R: set up in underway. So we're we're kind of spread out all over the country. So, you know, whether we work from home or whether we work from the office, it doesn't really make that much of a difference.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I would love to have that kind of job because it's just so hard to find anything in a small town to begin with. So if I had something that could work from home, that's why I had my camera and things set up. I had a um an interview, a video or you know, interview and then I guess I didn't get the job because I didn't hear from him. But I imagine right now people are really scrambling for those any legitimate work from home positions. So I tried, I tried doing the home call center did not work out well they put me on overnights even though my offer letter had daytime and my first shift was seven PM to like four a.m. And I was like I can't work this shift. And they're like well that's your shift. So I'm like okay, I quit, you know, thanks for making me sit through two weeks of training at least it was paid training but still it's such a waste of time and that was helping with their unemployment. They were people that got him, it was for Bank of America, they did the debit cards or
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: the in California, we did California's. Um and it was basically, we were just customer service for that, but we were you know, contracted out to do it, we weren't working for Bank of America. So is that one of their states as well? We did also did like child support cards for some other states and people are really angry about their money and I don't blame them. And I just sit there like I am so sorry, I'm so sorry. I know you need that money. I really understand,
SPEAKER_R: I would read that like a lot of the people that that would get the debit cards as part of the covid relief, they didn't recognize that it was, you know, like from the government and they just thought it was, you know, some sort of uh advertisement
SPEAKER_L: clip
SPEAKER_R: or something that
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: would throw them away or cut them up or.
SPEAKER_L: Oh gosh. Yeah, no, mine was direct deposited. Thank goodness. Uh you know, the, the system didn't recognize my information until it was like a month after everybody else had started getting there. And I was like, well, you know, I don't understand all my peers that everybody has theirs and then it just showed up and then I was in the system like there was really no time lapse between me being able to check on the status and me receiving it in my bank account. And
SPEAKER_R: Hey.
SPEAKER_L: then my mom got hers right away because she was on Social Security. So she was lucky. I'm hoping for another one. But you know, okay, lots of people need it. But people that are in charge don't need it. So what do they care?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean I'm I'm certainly, I mean it's the last couple of days, I mean I've heard a lot of discussion about it, but it seems like right now they're not really sure which which direction to go.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They don't want it. I mean if fiscally conservative, I guess they don't mind us give any money because you know, I'll just become a bomb and live under a bridge and live off their money because you know, only people that need help or bad people is what they make it sound like. Yeah. Um Anyway, I'm not very happy with the current administration.
SPEAKER_R: No, no I neither am I uh we're just counting
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: down the days.
SPEAKER_L: Well they are really attacking fallacy or however you say is they And saying he was saying the exact same. They don't understand that in science you use what information you have available at the time and that it evolves with new information as it comes in. But they're just like, well he was wrong in january, who cares if he was wrong in january and when he was right, you never listened to him anyway. I mean, I don't know. They're really throwing him to the wolves. He didn't seem to really care, but
SPEAKER_R: No, no, he I think he kind of you know, he realizes that you
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: know he's you know he's been doing this for you know 40 years, 50 years.
SPEAKER_L: he could retire easily, but
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, but you know I think he's one of those folks that you know, I think he feels a sense of duty and service and um you
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: know and I think he sees
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: himself as a sort
SPEAKER_L: sweet.
SPEAKER_R: of a you know a steward for the people and so you
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: know I think I think he you know I think he will he will come out of this just fine I think you know people will look back you know a number of years and you know he'll be viewed as you know one of the folks that helped kind of guide us through the time and you know even as he was kind of being you know personally
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: attacked and you know his name kind of thrown under the bus I
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: think people will look back and you know appreciate for what he did.
SPEAKER_L: I was really surprised they let him speak as much as they did in the beginning. I was like, he's completely contradicting everything they're saying and they're letting him, I was like, this can't last long and eventually, I don't know, I mean trump wore a mask. Did you see that?
SPEAKER_R: I did I did over the weekend at walter reed.
SPEAKER_L: And it's freaking july, this has been going on since february and all of a sudden uh okay. how better not get started? This could go on for another hour. It's literally all I have right now is I watch the news and I play video games and I take care of my mom. So I just sit around and getting angry. Like, I can't believe this, what you know on facebook.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah it's it's definitely difficult in the current environment because yeah we're we are just so limited on what we can do and where we can go and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And you can't there's people you can't argue with, no matter how wrong they are, you can't really argue with someone that doesn't believe that virus that this virus exists when there's people dying. I mean, they're like, do you know anybody personally? Oh my God, you are such a drooling morons. Go away. There were.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. It is it is it is it's scary to think that, you know, there's that much denial out there and you know that many people that that just just I can't
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: accept that this is happening and that you've got to change behaviors and you've got to think differently and um
SPEAKER_L: And you have to see if they have to see it to believe it in. You can't I'm still can't see it, I'm sorry. And also it's just like anti intellectualism to begin with, just like, oh, you know, people that went to college and they're learning all these liberal ideas. They're being indoctrinated. No, they're educated. Why do you think everyone, people with
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: education
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: are the ones that are not supporting this? It's not because it's a big damn conspiracy that people smarter than you are trying to trick you. Like you. Yeah. Oh, stop. We only have two minutes left. I don't think stop talking by then if I can. Mhm. Oh yeah. But
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's very irritating.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, there was there was something that was going to say about that. Mhm. I know I had a good thought, but I lost it.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I mean, it's just people's fear of the anything that they don't understand and they don't understand a lot. Especially, you know, in the Southern states where, you know, the education
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: is subpar to begin with and and has been held back, we are funding. So the poorest states have the worst funding and they're also, you know, just happened to be Republican states. It's just a coincidence. I am. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: a little bit more than a coincidence.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah. That's, I mean, I've moved away from here 17 years ago for a reason. Just like I couldn't, I tried to get my mom to move north with me, but I couldn't get rid of budge. She's been her all her life. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I was I was wondering I was wondering about that. I didn't, but that makes sense. It's sometimes
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: hard to change.
SPEAKER_L: sure. Right. And to be a stereo stereotypical southern family, I had to move down here because my brother went to prison for meth and he was living with her and I didn't realize just how bad things have gotten here. I had actually, when he was, um, before he went to prison, when he got out of jail, I had to like throw him out of the house. We had the police here several times, but you know, there's a huge meth problem here, but they seem to think they have the moral high ground when it's so bad. Did you see that cat?
SPEAKER_R: no, I did not.
SPEAKER_L: She's huge.
SPEAKER_R: We m we were fortunate about a week, so
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: one of our cats had passed away right around uh end of the year, and so
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: about a week before everything
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: started, like in in March with the virus, we we actually
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: had adopted a kitten and you know, we didn't kind of know how things were gonna, you know, I don't think we had any sense is to you know, how quickly things were going to change. But I
SPEAKER_L: And.
SPEAKER_R: would say having a kitten when you're in quarantine and lockdown, I would recommend that for everybody, it probably probably kept all of our all of our sanity.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I have five cats, so I can't can I moved here? My mom already had two dogs, I had two dogs and five wait two dogs and five cats. But I had a really big house. Um I mean the cats have the wrong room and then I moved down here and the house is much smaller. I had, you know, two stories aren't as common, so it's just like a ranch and it's um other bedrooms are small, it's just so small to have all these animals. Like I'm going crazy. I'm I'm like constantly going around like cleaning out litter boxes and cleaning up messes. And anyway, I had to get all the floors replaced because they weren't used to having carpet. So I had to get hardwood hard floors put down because they were like oh carpet. And they think it's the same thing as a P pad because they have been be pat trained so it was mess. But it's okay now. Nice hard floors.
SPEAKER_R: we're good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well I think we did it
SPEAKER_R: I think we get the 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: now. Do we just close this out? I know you haven't completed one of these I mean.
SPEAKER_R: I don't get close this out and then there's on the other page, there's a like a survey and then they said it's like kind of 15 minutes or so, of additional questions
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, I got
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: then, yep, and then finish that and submitted and they paid pretty quickly, so
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Good. I could use, well thanks for chatting. I'm glad that you finally showed up for you.
SPEAKER_R: yep, I'm glad I finally finally was able to to finish it, so
SPEAKER_L: All right. All right. Okay.