exactly, that's right, texas, Haley gary, what is it? Mhm. Hi Alex, yeah, wow. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yes, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh, Mhm, Mhm. Yeah, Yeah. Mhm. Yeah, Yeah. Okay. Yeah, Yeah. Oh yeah, Did you? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm Oh yeah, Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm, Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah, Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah, sure, Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah, yeah. Mhm. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm, Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. Yeah, Yeah. Right. All right, Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yes, yeah, wow. Mhm. Okay, mm. All right. Mhm. Right, mm. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mhm, True. Uh huh. Mhm
Hello, can you see me?
Okay, Yes, I can hear you see, are you the person I'm supposed to chat with? Are you a person on the study?
All right. Um so what do you want to write about? Where
are you located?
I'm in Arkansas, I am moved back to Arkansas to take care of my mom, but I was living in Pittsburgh the last
12 years, so it's kind of a kind of a culture shock to come back here. Mhm.
Um last august I sold my house and quit my job and moved back to actually to even smaller town than where I grew up. So I hate it. So how are you, how do you like in life?
I've got cats and dogs back here.
Yeah, that's a dog actually, but there is a cat right next to you, just can't see.
Yeah, I'm the same way, I don't leave the house a lot because I don't want to expose my mom. Um but then I was supposed to start a new job and they canceled it because of this. It just started in March. So it's really hard to find a job during a pandemic.
It's just
Mhm Yeah, I'm I don't know, I got a job with the post office I think, but I'm gonna have to drive 45 minutes, so, but I mean it pays okay for here, it's a lot less than, you know what I was making in Pittsburgh, but that's to be expected, but it's better than no money coming in, so good. Mhm
Should
so
sweet.
No.
Say
Right. Yeah, I'm my mom's primary caregiver, so she's telling everybody, I'm basically keeping her hostage here in the house. She never sees anybody and like people, like one of her friends tried to come visit her and I wouldn't let her come in, this is in the beginning, and I was like, and she didn't have a mask on or anything, I was like why would you do that? You know she's high risk like why would you just show up and
then the next time I let her visit but where masks and sit on the other side of the room because you know I haven't protected her for three or four months for somebody just to waltz on it and like spread there germs everywhere and then I have to go to walmart and no one here believes they all think it's a hoax. So there's like no social distancing, no wearing masks I wear a mask and I'm just like dodging people trying to get what I need and get out but no one here cares. And California I heard is getting a lot worse so
it's
what
it
step
That,
It's
All right. Yeah I used to, well I was stationed in Monterey briefly but that's as far north as I went except for to visit san Francisco on the weekends sometimes. But I'm sure you haven't been to Arkansas because there's nothing here.
Yeah it's not a lot you know to stop and see. So we didn't have anything shut down really here. They had some they had restaurant shut down briefly and then now it's for masks until you get seated and then you can take your mask off. My aunt owns a restaurant here in town and they have like all the tables spread out really far and you just have to wear your mask when you go to the table and that's it. But everything else is just business as usual so
that
that
it is because there's not a lot of you know everything all civilizations at least an hour away. So I have to go either to the local walmart at the local grocery store and there's like a tractor supply, but just not a lot here. So. Yeah,
so, so
seven
step
step
step,
Oh no, you know, I didn't show up for my last one, this is this is my second one scheduled the first time. It's so stupid. I I have an amazon show and so I was like, hey Alexa, um give me a reminder of chat date. Well it came and went and I was like, it said check date, so I was like why did I tell myself to check the date? And then I just went out my life, like I just completely had forgotten about it.
And and so, so I love somebody hanging, I feel really bad about it,
so
maybe it was part of the test to see how you'd react, like they're watching you,
so,
so No, well at least they did something. I used to um work on a college campus for about nine years and I did a lot of studies, like it was so easy money on my on my lunch breaks and stuff. And we were also worked at Carnegie Mellon University, and then we were right next to the University of Pittsburgh, so they would also have studies in between the two I could like or go after work or go at lunch, and like, I always had a side income coming in from studies, it's
right, well, when I still smoked, I did a smoking study and I think I ended up making like $700 off of that, just going after work a couple of days a week. And they would test to see if I was cheating because they were giving me these other cigarettes to smoke that were really bad, but they had less nicotine and or at least I assume they did because like didn't get any satisfaction from them and the whole thing was, it was a double blind study, so I couldn't know if they were normal cigarettes, but and then they also gave us like little scratch offs for lottery, so I never won. Uh huh. Yeah.
Two.
That
Oh wow, I did one for um it was like crest or Colgate where they had me by the toothpaste online and they reimburse you for it and I could only get like a five pack at the time and they reimburse me for, and then I didn't run out of toothpaste for like a really long time and I
think they sent me some then too. Yeah, I had a lot of toothpaste, like a lot. Okay,
Is it like pinky
or no? Mhm.
So
so
trump.
But
So
I wish they do that here. I um I did one time in Pittsburgh, there's a place downtown and I got in for one, it was like 100 bucks for me to go spend an hour talking about um contact lens solution. So that's all we had to do. We didn't even have to try it. We just had to say what brand we used, we had to bring our bottle in what we liked about it while we used it. And I was just like, because it's cheap because after a while you start to realize there's just not a big difference anyway. That
yeah, that's why I hate being out here so isolated for the last year. And I don't know how to act like I'm talking to you is like the first face to face discussion with a stranger. I've had months except for you know the cashier at walmart and she's behind the big glass and we both have mask fun. Yeah. So I'm supposed to be what 20 25 minutes
or?
So. Yeah.
It's a
Yeah. I saw that. I said you won't get paid if you don't stay the full 25 minutes,
right? Um I don't know what else to talk about. Uh I went to the pharmacy today and I took my mom to the doctor for M. R. I. That's all I've done all day long and I played a video game because I just do that a lot down because I don't have anything else to do. And I'm waiting to hear back from the post office so I can go to my drug test and then I can push around a cart and sort mel. But they pay pretty
well like I said, I mean it's better than nothing. So you work just a regular 9 to 5 kind of thing at home. It's
not.
What?
Step step.
Yeah. I would love to have that kind of job because it's just so hard to find anything in a small town to begin with. So if I had something that could work from home, that's why I had my camera and things set up. I had a um an interview, a video or you know, interview and then I guess I didn't get the job because I didn't hear from him. But I imagine right now people are really scrambling for those any legitimate work from home positions. So I tried, I tried doing the home call center did not work out well they put me on overnights even though my offer letter had daytime and my first shift was seven PM to like four a.m. And I was like I can't work this shift. And they're like well that's your shift. So I'm like okay, I quit, you know, thanks for making me sit through two weeks of training at least it was paid training but still it's such a waste of time and that was helping with their unemployment. They were people that got him, it was for Bank of America, they did the debit cards or
the in California, we did California's. Um and it was basically, we were just customer service for that, but we were you know, contracted out to do it, we weren't working for Bank of America. So is that one of their states as well? We did also did like child support cards for some other states and people are really angry about their money and I don't blame them. And I just sit there like I am so sorry, I'm so sorry. I know you need that money. I really understand,
clip
correct.
Oh gosh. Yeah, no, mine was direct deposited. Thank goodness. Uh you know, the, the system didn't recognize my information until it was like a month after everybody else had started getting there. And I was like, well, you know, I don't understand all my peers that everybody has theirs and then it just showed up and then I was in the system like there was really no time lapse between me being able to check on the status and me receiving it in my bank account. And
then my mom got hers right away because she was on Social Security. So she was lucky. I'm hoping for another one. But you know, okay, lots of people need it. But people that are in charge don't need it. So what do they care?
Yeah. They don't want it. I mean if fiscally conservative, I guess they don't mind us give any money because you know, I'll just become a bomb and live under a bridge and live off their money because you know, only people that need help or bad people is what they make it sound like. Yeah. Um Anyway, I'm not very happy with the current administration.
What?
Well they are really attacking fallacy or however you say is they And saying he was saying the exact same. They don't understand that in science you use what information you have available at the time and that it evolves with new information as it comes in. But they're just like, well he was wrong in january, who cares if he was wrong in january and when he was right, you never listened to him anyway. I mean, I don't know. They're really throwing him to the wolves. He didn't seem to really care, but
but
he could retire easily, but
Yeah.
So
sweet.
What?
So
now
I was really surprised they let him speak as much as they did in the beginning. I was like, he's completely contradicting everything they're saying and they're letting him, I was like, this can't last long and eventually, I don't know, I mean trump wore a mask. Did you see that?
And it's freaking july, this has been going on since february and all of a sudden uh okay. how better not get started? This could go on for another hour. It's literally all I have right now is I watch the news and I play video games and I take care of my mom. So I just sit around and getting angry. Like, I can't believe this, what you know on facebook.
Yeah. And you can't there's people you can't argue with, no matter how wrong they are, you can't really argue with someone that doesn't believe that virus that this virus exists when there's people dying. I mean, they're like, do you know anybody personally? Oh my God, you are such a drooling morons. Go away. There were.
Well,
And you have to see if they have to see it to believe it in. You can't I'm still can't see it, I'm sorry. And also it's just like anti intellectualism to begin with, just like, oh, you know, people that went to college and they're learning all these liberal ideas. They're being indoctrinated. No, they're educated. Why do you think everyone, people with
education
are the ones that are not supporting this? It's not because it's a big damn conspiracy that people smarter than you are trying to trick you. Like you. Yeah. Oh, stop. We only have two minutes left. I don't think stop talking by then if I can. Mhm. Oh yeah. But
yeah, it's very irritating.
Well, I mean, it's just people's fear of the anything that they don't understand and they don't understand a lot. Especially, you know, in the Southern states where, you know, the education
is subpar to begin with and and has been held back, we are funding. So the poorest states have the worst funding and they're also, you know, just happened to be Republican states. It's just a coincidence. I am. Yeah.
Okay. Yeah. That's, I mean, I've moved away from here 17 years ago for a reason. Just like I couldn't, I tried to get my mom to move north with me, but I couldn't get rid of budge. She's been her all her life. Yeah.
So
sure. Right. And to be a stereo stereotypical southern family, I had to move down here because my brother went to prison for meth and he was living with her and I didn't realize just how bad things have gotten here. I had actually, when he was, um, before he went to prison, when he got out of jail, I had to like throw him out of the house. We had the police here several times, but you know, there's a huge meth problem here, but they seem to think they have the moral high ground when it's so bad. Did you see that cat?
She's huge.
So
but
it's
good.
And.
Yeah. I have five cats, so I can't can I moved here? My mom already had two dogs, I had two dogs and five wait two dogs and five cats. But I had a really big house. Um I mean the cats have the wrong room and then I moved down here and the house is much smaller. I had, you know, two stories aren't as common, so it's just like a ranch and it's um other bedrooms are small, it's just so small to have all these animals. Like I'm going crazy. I'm I'm like constantly going around like cleaning out litter boxes and cleaning up messes. And anyway, I had to get all the floors replaced because they weren't used to having carpet. So I had to get hardwood hard floors put down because they were like oh carpet. And they think it's the same thing as a P pad because they have been be pat trained so it was mess. But it's okay now. Nice hard floors.
Yeah. Well I think we did it
now. Do we just close this out? I know you haven't completed one of these I mean.
Okay. Yeah, I got
that.
Okay. Good. I could use, well thanks for chatting. I'm glad that you finally showed up for you.
All right. All right. Okay.