Hello?
Yeah. Alright, let's try this, Does that work?
I know, I think uh I think you're the person I'm supposed to chat with. Yeah,
and
California.
What?
and when did you do that?
it's uh you know, weird times right now, obviously um we're working from home and looks like you've got a cat.
There's a long white cat, they're kind of right on the side of the screen.
Okay. Um so yeah, kind of a weird time in general, just obviously working from home, I'm fortunate I've got a job where I can do that and you know, the just a lot of, you know, just weird stuff in general just happening.
Yeah. Yeah. No, I hear you. We are when we are we had within my business, we just last week went through some downsizing inside a couple of folks that had to leave. And I mean it's just, you know, it's bad enough when it happens in general, but, you know, during the current environment, I mean, it's just
just that much worse.
I'm, you know, kind of kind of like you said, I I've got my parents
that live just about a mile or so away and so my dad's 80 and my mom's 75
you know, same thing, you know, obviously
the last thing we want them to do is is
be out and about and uh, they've been really good about it. They've, you know, we've, we've been trying to deliver groceries to them and take stuff over as they need. And uh, you know, I think they've left the house, you know, maybe 56 times in total. And, you know, all of those times, it's essentially
just, you know, curbside pickup or something like that.
Absolutely.
It has in fact in fact our governor today basically
rolled everything back for
the whole state,
so
so like we had like hair care and um indoor dining, some of that had already started um and he basically said, nope, all that has to be put on hold indefinitely because because yeah, I mean the numbers have have definitely jumped up and I'm
in the northern part of the state, but the luckily ours is it's
okay, but it's not terrible, but uh the southern part of the state is really bad.
Um I've been through the state.
that's
uh that's kind of kind
of scared.
So so so
so this is like the make the seventh
time on the study
that had
been scheduled
for a time and this is the first time somebody's actually shown up.
Three,
Well
I guess I've had I think six of these prior to, I mean it was almost I was almost assuming that was kind of the norm.
I I didn't mind, I mean because they when when you showed up and uh you know I just wait for 10 or 15 minutes and nobody would show up, you just submit
the or you fill out the rest of it submitted and I think they sent you a dollar 50 for the time or something.
it's a it's a nice way to make make a little bit of extra money on the side and uh
I did, I did one a few years ago for um I think it was the toothbrush company sonic care and had gotten enrolled in one of their studies and it was like every like two
weeks they kept sending us like another $200. And I couldn't, it never made sense. They were just you know, here's here's more money in like so after a month that
it must have been at least 600 or $700.
you
Um We have the the try and think of the name of it, the um consumer products company um drawing a blank. They do like Lysol and hold
up.
should know because their base they're based here in northern California. But anyway they've got a they've got probably about 20 minutes away, they've got a research center
and they'll periodically, you know, they'll they'll send
you invites for like you know various tests. Um And some of them you know you go in there and they're kind of the standard ones, you know, try
these wipes or you know what do you think about this new product? But one of the items they also offer is the fresh step cat litter. And so they'll periodically do these cat litter tests where you basically you you like you identify a time you drive through. They
give you two boxes of cat litter and we have cats here. Also they give you two boxes of cat litter and basically use one box for two weeks and then they send you like about five minutes study and then you use the other one for two weeks and same thing. We'll send you a five minute study. And um at the end of it not only do you get the the cat litter itself but then they also send you like a 50 or $75 gift card. So
it works out pretty well and you know your your time is basically whatever time it takes to drive there and pick up the letter.
Yeah and I've done I've done a couple of uh in person ones as well and uh you know it's always it's always interesting just you know the group of people that come together and just you know sometimes you go in there not really knowing what they're going to talk to you about and other times you know you have a pretty good idea of you know what the what the topic is or you know what you're going to cover.
25
minutes I think. Yeah. So
and I know they were real there since
this is like the seventh time I've gone through the process there are very specific, you know that has to be you know the full 25 minutes, so
Right. Right. Right. Yeah. Actually you know, probably X 26 27 after. We should we should definitely at that point have our 25 minutes in.
But
so I'm
kind of in the in the tech industry just do a lot of like planning
and coordination, kind of working with project teams and getting stuff
set up in underway. So we're we're kind of spread out all over the country. So, you know, whether we work from home or whether we work from the office, it doesn't really make that much of a difference.
All
I would read that like a lot of the people that that would get the debit cards as part of the covid relief, they didn't recognize that it was, you know, like from the government and they just thought it was, you know, some sort of uh advertisement
or something that
would throw them away or cut them up or.
Hey.
Yeah, I mean I'm I'm certainly, I mean it's the last couple of days, I mean I've heard a lot of discussion about it, but it seems like right now they're not really sure which which direction to go.
No, no I neither am I uh we're just counting
down the days.
No, no, he I think he kind of you know, he realizes that you
know he's you know he's been doing this for you know 40 years, 50 years.
yeah, yeah, but you know I think he's one of those folks that you know, I think he feels a sense of duty and service and um you
know and I think he sees
himself as a sort
of a you know a steward for the people and so you
know I think I think he you know I think he will he will come out of this just fine I think you know people will look back you know a number of years and you know he'll be viewed as you know one of the folks that helped kind of guide us through the time and you know even as he was kind of being you know personally
attacked and you know his name kind of thrown under the bus I
think people will look back and you know appreciate for what he did.
I did I did over the weekend at walter reed.
Yeah. Yeah it's it's definitely difficult in the current environment because yeah we're we are just so limited on what we can do and where we can go and
yeah. It is it is it is it's scary to think that, you know, there's that much denial out there and you know that many people that that just just I can't
accept that this is happening and that you've got to change behaviors and you've got to think differently and um
thank
you.
The
yeah, there was there was something that was going to say about that. Mhm. I know I had a good thought, but I lost it.
What?
a little bit more than a coincidence.
I was I was wondering I was wondering about that. I didn't, but that makes sense. It's sometimes
hard to change.
no, I did not.
We m we were fortunate about a week, so
one of our cats had passed away right around uh end of the year, and so
about a week before everything
started, like in in March with the virus, we we actually
had adopted a kitten and you know, we didn't kind of know how things were gonna, you know, I don't think we had any sense is to you know, how quickly things were going to change. But I
would say having a kitten when you're in quarantine and lockdown, I would recommend that for everybody, it probably probably kept all of our all of our sanity.
we're good.
I think we get the 25 minutes.
I don't get close this out and then there's on the other page, there's a like a survey and then they said it's like kind of 15 minutes or so, of additional questions
and
then, yep, and then finish that and submitted and they paid pretty quickly, so
yep, I'm glad I finally finally was able to to finish it, so