Hello?
how are you?
I'm okay. I wasn't expecting to see you here. Uh
Have you before? Have you done these things before? Mhm.
Wait,
did you read the next page? Because it stays underneath if you accidentally click next? He is a button for you to collect to get the camera?
okay. Where am I speaking from?
Oh so am I
Central Park's just right there. Hello?
Yeah I mean what do we call this place? I'm in the Upper West side. Uh So if
you are
familiar
with
that is the
thing john's Cathedral. So I like living up here. It's pretty cool except since uh coronavirus shutdown happened. The shootings have gone up like 600% here and I'm just like petrified every time I leave the house, even in daylight I'm like oh my god oh my god because my citizen app just won't stop beeping all the time. You know like somebody's been stabbed, somebody has been shot. So
yeah it's been pretty horrific.
That's
Why are you looking at the crime statistics for the whole right side? What's your,
it's crazy.
The other night there was uh I woke up the next morning unfortunately. Well I didn't wake up until five a.m. When there was a massive explosion outside my apartment. But when I did look at my citizen app there had been like six different shootings every hour from like midnight through too. Well almost every hour from like midnight through to this explosion that woke me about was like oh my God I'm gonna die, this is brilliant.
So.
I
mean I needed
in the seventies
but if
you're like yeah
right from where's your accent from?
Yeah, I don't know like Eastern europe somewhere but I can't
oh my God Maga I can
say uh your adult Kherson on, is that
I
was
okay. Oh God, I tried to learn Hungarian when I was like 13, 14 years old. I didn't do very well
well because I went on vacation with my family to Morocco and I fell in love with this 22 year old Hungarian man that was on holiday and I decided I was going to learn Hungarian, it was all like, because my uh my hormones had been stimulated uh you know, I was just in lost with this beautiful man. And anyway, there was a Hungarian, there was a Goulash restaurant in my hometown, so I got a job as a waiter because in the Goulash restaurant and I had my Hungarian like learn Hungarian book and they were teaching me how to speak. Well, they were taking the fucking piss out with me. They were like uh is that too is that two ways to say the number seven or the number eight? Because they were doing 1234567789 And I couldn't understand how it didn't get to 10 or maybe eight, maybe 28 Whatever. All of the words that they said was sounded Hungarian and I couldn't understand why we didn't finish at 10 after they can't with my fingers and it became so difficult. I gave up very easily. I'm
sorry but I tried it.
Is she american? Okay.
she's a. B. C. What's that mean?
Okay. I've never heard that before, That's amazing. So she was what does she speak? Mandarin and Cantonese? What's
Shit.
Did you
meet your old? You're in the city? Yeah.
How
long
how long have you been over here for them? How long have you been married? And over here?
Right.
But
so you think about Hungary I guess She's been to visit Hungary. Mhm.
She
didn't know
what
she
did. She if the ceremony was in Hungarian should be saying yes to, she doesn't know what she said yes to,
Boy.
No
you guys must not have any time for television like once you get
Mhm.
Your english is amazing honestly but and your accent is fucking perfect but there's definitely a hint of something
bad.
Right.
What?
Mhm. I I started my american journey by marrying an american citizen but that was 15 years ago now and we don't talk about him anymore. He's been he's been very completely uh underneath the basement. Ohio that was Seattle Washington. You said that you lived in a couple of different cities, like where else have you lived? Mhm.
I was thinking that but I guess that's where my grandparents were.
I mean I don't know where the space for them because there's half a million of every nationality living in London. I don't know what the spaces.
I've never been to London. I couldn't I couldn't even tell you if you're missing out in London. I'm
from from the north of England but I went to school in Scotland so my accent's very northern english and almost Scottish if I'm drinking it gets very Scottish.
the queen's
well that's my mom and I have to text her good night because she texts me good night every day and if I don't text her back she gets upset with me, I'm not being rude to you, but I'm just doing this because
she
will keep
that's it. She lives in york England, which is the middle of England and all of the, if you've ever been to England or
Scotland,
you've
never,
so if you're traveling from London and you're going to the harry potter train station and taking a train to Edinburgh where J. K. Rowling wrote harry potter, you would have to go through your train station, which is right in the middle of both of those two places. So that's where they are now, although we are from further north, they moved a little bit further south because it's very nice there. So I've never read any of the harry potters, I'm kind of embarrassed to say I'm sorry about that, but maybe one day I will, maybe I'll maybe I'll pick up Hungarian again and read it in Hungarian work.
because you kind of already?
Ready. Right.
I have a copy of the Little Prince in french in my cupboard. My friend brought it back from me from paris at christmas time because I'm trying my best with french now, that's what we did at school in England was french, so I've got my do my dual lingo every night while I'm falling asleep. Uh but they brought me the book home and I'm like oh gosh, I can't be bothered reading it, I haven't read a book in such a long time. Everything is like on on the phone all you know, like a kindle book rather than a it's a cool book, so
well like library? Okay,
I
I
didn't
know they
had but uh yeah um I just I do have a library card but mainly so that I can get into the museums for half phrase. I have to look I have to look harder at the the other benefits that that it comes with. I should have done that. Well I've been locked in my house for the past six months maybe. Uh Maybe I'll maybe I'll do it later on this evening. What do you do for work? What what's your,
Are
the lights go dark but I can still see you
so
we're going to sleep? Okay. Um Okay remote. Yeah I used I used to work for Microsoft in Seattle and I got to work remotely for them when I was working for them so that was marvelous. I would love to have that liberty here and now you know be earning a lot of money and lying in my bed working would be perfect but it's not quite worked, I would like that for me over in new york.
No. Yeah.
no
your
well that's brilliant. So the job that you've got now did they, I guess they embodied you remotely, should it be a remote job permanently or is it only remote because
of the situation
of?
where are you thinking of moving to, I work for? I work in television production, so the t it's very um in person it's not very easy to do from your house but I did I I did have like some virtual like production assistant jobs that have paid a little bit of cash keep me going over but it's not permanent and it's not it's not full time, it's like a couple of hours here in a couple of hours there, so my savings are just gone. Oh my God, so
Yeah, I'm hustling, that's why I'm on this prolific site, but I've been on prolific since december, I had, I lost my job in december and I was looking around on Reddit for ways to make cash and uh they mentioned this like prolific in general, so like I've got the prolific assistant thing like pings every time there's something comes in, but I'm like 10 cents jobs, 26 jobs, I don't care, I'll do everything.
yeah,
I'm ready.
Is that
mentioned a lot? Yeah, I'll have to look at that.
Do
they
speak in english
you?
Okay. I'll find you gonna Uh huh
And these are as good, as prolific. As prolific seems to be consistent. You get
of dollars.
I'm like $600 on my prolific and I've only been doing it since december.
Do you
do,
do you have the prolific assistant number one
get prolific A system? It's a chrome plug in and it announces every time there's a new profile, so you can be the first one to jump on it. Uh and then get and then what else? Well, that's all, that's all I do. I've got prolific assistant on and to be fair, I'm sitting in front of a computer, like from the minute I wake up to the minute I go about it, like I'm just, so if a minute anyway, so every time it comes in I'm like sitting on top of it ready to click accept puts. You are.
spreadsheets. Now you're talking
No,
I didn't accept it into it for some reason. So that sucked. I wanna that's the amazon one, isn't it? Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know why they touch me. I'm going
to
two
tele zoom. That's a new one. I've not heard that. That would be far. I've not heard of those analytics or intelligence. Um Actually, so it was a good tips
people in this stuff.
Right. Well product tube product like Youtube, you mean? Okay.
Well,
so
where did you run prolific in in those fangs that you've given me? Is that opening at the top are in the middle or at the bottom
of your money?
that's worth it then. I'll be Googling around. Thank you for sharing that with me. I appreciate that.
But
They charge give you money for the screening time. I mean,
if you spend
Shit. Okay. Okay. I'll be right on that. I'm gonna eat dinner and I'm going to google that all night till I figured it out.
Feel
interviews. Focus group dot com. Okay. Got it. You should definitely uh fill out your profile and prolific though, because I
got more information. I got a lot more referred to me once I had a full profile for sure. It was like nobody was bothered when it was empty.
What?
Maybe
maybe a lot of guys your age, maybe you need to change your maybe you need to create a second account where you're a four year old female like me and you get and just pretend pretend to live in that world.
Yeah. God, the amount of time, you know, I'm prolific for. But there was a survey the other day that was like, do you live with somebody? Like somebody? Uh are you shielding somebody from Covid? Are you living with somebody? And I was like, yes, I'm living with somebody because it was like a $3.
Thank
you.
from your money.
Shit.
That's brilliant. Well done man.
Very impressed. I'm going to try all of these things that you've told me. I'm going to also make a spreadsheet because I love spreadsheets. I love the idea of a spreadsheet. I was just working on my spreadsheet a minute
ago before we started this call. So for the sake of it.
No, thank you very much. And I hope you have a good weekend and thank you so much for these tips and tricks. And I'll are you making your money very soon? Sure.
Have a nice dude.