Hi. No
good, how are you?
an experience, See anybody here to be honest. Uh
I've done it one time, I was waiting here for like five minutes and then I was like well this is not happening. Um And then and I I messed up the other time so I was trying to make it but I prematurely clicked on the next era on the on the previous, you know the page that explicitly say not to. But
I was
no no it didn't it didn't do it for me though. I was trying probably I was so like I was off to work and I was just super tired and I was like probably was wasn't meant to be
I'm in new york city.
Well you are
Oh yeah I'm I'm not steady proper. I'm in queens so I can show you the apartment outside. Yeah it's uh at least sunny out there. Um So your your Central Park proper. That's pretty cool.
Who
you're
in the Upper
west side. Yeah
I know that place.
I
I I heard that I I read it in the news and then I also looked at the the crime numbers from the police precinct. I think it was about 20 precinct 24 or something like that.
That's like the Upper west side. I had a 24 27 not sure. And uh yeah I just as it looked it up and it was insane.
Oh I was I was I was reading it, I was reading it on the new york post you know and it's like a tabloid says everything is going to be sensationalized right? So I'm trying to see if there is like any like real stuff behind it and then yeah the numbers are there
it's
so
you're my boss who who lived in the Bronx. Uh he told me that now new york is like in the seventies.
It
is
I
just
it is time travel back from a crime perspective. Um Since they
what's your guess?
Yeah, it's pretty eastern europe. I'm from Hungary.
Again
you would get customs. Thank you. You're a God
given
oak, which is like good morning,
For what would you do that? For what reason?
What?
No, that's that's fine. It's a it's a rather difficult language to learn. So uh yeah my my wife has has it tough for her.
she's a. B. C. So uh we've got a good number of languages in our family now.
American people in chinese.
Both. Yeah,
so they speak canto at home so I can recognize, I cannot speak it, I cannot speak it, but I can recognize shit. So I'm like, you know, I can pick it out of context and I can actually recognize things like you know, learn the numbers, learn a couple of basic words. Um
So
so lived before this, I lived in like uh you know, a good number of different cities. Uh so we went we we we we we we met in college, yeah, we met in college uh and then uh uh that was uh was pretty cool, it's
been
like
oh I've been here, this is my this is my ninth, getting on my 10th year, uh
And uh we've been married six, yeah, table seven, the big Seven is coming up,
so we'll see. Uh
she has actually, we had a ceremony there. Um
what
does
she
think?
She actually sat her wows in Hungarian, So that was that was that was pretty impressive. So she she yeah that was that was insane. Um So one of my friends would teach her on Skype Hungarian. Um So she she spent a lot of time on it, I think her Hungarian is actually better than my chinese. Uh But then here's the thing though, there's one thing Hungarians a difficult language, but but here's the thing, once you learn how to off of that um you can recreate like you can pronounce things
because there there are really no rules on pronunciation. Everything is what you like. See, right? So reading is is easy chinese on the other hand, good luck cream. So so yeah right now I'm like uh I decided that I'm like I'm still trying to learn it, but it's on the back burner, so she started studying spanish,
so I decided to learn spanish too.
that's exactly, that's that's exactly what I'm doing, I'm cutting out tv, I'm cutting out youtube or if it's Youtube it's in spanish. So uh um yeah
I'm like listening to audio books in spanish, I'm a huge potter had um so I just finished the fifth broke in uh in spanish uh and I did all the ones before uh actually that's how I learned english too.
It
is, it is, I know it will never be as I came here, you know, to too late, like the first time I came here was like I was I was 14, I know I was four, but it was only for visiting, so my my my grandparents, they emigrated in the eighties, so I had actually like I have family here. Um And
then uh yeah it was, it was crazy and then in like 10 years ago I decided to uh take like an exchange semester um and I took it to school where my grandparents lived. And then then that like semester just turned into a full blown program. Full blown Monsters. After that that I did like the uh like training so went through the Visa steps and
they got an H. One B. So it's just got married too. So
Well I lived in Cleveland. Which is for why on earth would you live in Cleveland?
Yeah because actually after Budapest uh Cleveland used to be the second largest Hungarian city in the in the entire and I think now it's London we have like half a million Hungarians living in London.
So I think I'm pretty sure I've got I've got like a bunch of friends living there. But I decided that yeah you know the US has 260 years of like history, the EU has 50 and like I'm not betting on that in 2011. I decided to come here instead of instead of the U. K. I could have I had the chance. But
are you?
Oh I see let's see. Yeah. Yeah I didn't want to I didn't want to offend you and I'm like I I could tell that this is not you know pr but that's pretty pretty clear or r p. Sorry? Uh And uh
but then
So does
she
live in Northern Ireland? Northern Northern England? Okay.
I've
never
Heathrow.
Heathrow
It's actually a pretty pretty decent translation. But yeah it's it's it's an excellent book to learn languages to be honest because the
it is simple it's not just that the language is simple so and it gets progressively it gets progressively more difficult as the as the books uh progress. Um But the vocabulary like sort of you know it builds on itself so it's it's very it's very neat you know you you open up the first book and it's like The Little Prince
like from from complexity perspective and then you you finished on the seventh and it's yeah that's up there. I'm also listening to Mark Chaos but but that's way more difficult.
Well I haven't read a physical book a long time neither. I'm just I'm just going through books uh mainly my favorite is audiobooks and then I also like I've got this app called Libby. Um and you can like rent books on it from the library.
Yeah so if you know you can you can go and register with the with the new york library and get it hooked up with Libby then you're good to go. You
can rent whatever is available there. I've
been
renting
audience.
I'm luckily I work in I. T. So I'm doing pretty okay with the lockdown. I've been actually a remote employee for actually in the past four years, this is my fifth year being a remote employee. Oops oops I
lost you,
there we go. So
it was my screen saver,
I hear you, luckily I actually, so I lost my my my previous job
right before the pandemic hit. So I was with
them for seven years along ask my job in february and miraculously I found a job
in like starting april that was like the it was like it was like the height of the pandemic. I was I I was like you know when been 15, you know the initial shock and then you're like okay well look at this together, so I started you know building up my pipeline, started like, you know, applying hundreds of resumes, blah blah blah. And when the pandemic hit and I was like, shit shit, this is going to be, this is not going to be nice. But then it took me 48 days,
it's
right now remote.
It's right now remote. And it will probably probably become uh on site. It depends on my boss, I guess. Let's see, I've I've been following my wife um So that's why we're here. Uh I'm just taking a long so I think I'll try and get this position remote if I can if we have to move, I don't know, we'll see. What do you do
now? That's that's that's a tough place. So I guess you're doing pretty good, like you have to be on top of all the possible online money making uh stuff.
tom don't waste your time on that, you have you heard about? Uh I can hook you up because I'm I'm I'm pretty good with beer money. Uh Right, if there is a subreddit called Beer Money. Uh
Okay so um okay so users are testing they currently don't accept.
So just being a b a lookout because currently they're not looking for testers, but if you can get in there, I've been doing user testing for the past two years, so I've been I've been doing with your money for like two years now, user testing. Excellent. Um responded respondents
dot io
thank you. It's okay if you if you want I can send you an invite on it, but uh it doesn't matter. Uh You can look it up yourself. Um And what else? Uh user lyrics? It's a german company.
Stay
here.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm doing
I'm doing english user lipsticks, like analytics, but user analytics.
What else? Uh
Pro certificates.
Good. It probably gets good, but it's tom chain compared to these, so I'm not sure what you're making on on prolific usually make like, I don't know, like uh I've been doing prolific for like a year and the total is like £130 or £140.
Oh, so you must be much better at it. I'm I I don't even know like I I maybe my profile is not as like, you know
where your
profile might be much better.
No.
I'm trying to think what else. Let me pull up my I've got my beer money spreadsheet. Uh
I've got my chrome here. I meant to write like a blog article on it. Um Yeah, so I do I do user testing lot. I do respondent a lot. Uh I started doing mechanical turk but there
was just life sucking.
yeah.
Another
one
in tele zoom. So I N. T. E. Double L. I. C. Double O. M.
Trying to see.
and product tube,
Um
What else? I think those are my main gigs.
I'm just uh
my
prolific in the middle of this month that made like 1000 bucks on your money. Yeah.
Yeah, no worries. Always it's
this good stuff. So user testing, they say in the again I don't know this, I think they don't accept anybody right now so just keep out look out for it. Uh respondent though. Uh if you get into like, so those are like focus groups are like one on one research. Um So if you've got some sort of background, you've got media background, so they'll be like, you know, tell me, tell me about your background and you lost to create a profile and prolific. Uh And then they'll they'll they'll bring you a set of research, search stuff like peace online research appointments that you know, they need to go through like a screening. So you go through screeners and then and there you go user
no
no money for the screening time, no money for the screening time. But there they pay out is like uh it can anything from $10 to my highest pat from them was $300 for one interview.
Um user interviews, user interviews. It's another one. And uh one more uh Field Works, Fieldworks, New Jersey.
They are focus group company. Um And one more focus group dot com.
I did.
It's four
minus full. I think my profile is just not the major prolific. Like I don't think that most people want to talk to me on prolific. I
think
uh nobody got time for that.
Mm. Oh no I'm I don't have the capacity to do that. Uh Yeah I I really don't. A lot and a lot of these a lot of these stuff that I'm doing is in person so then the is just gonna unravel, it's gonna
unravel
Very very and it's very kind of it could turn very uncomfortable uh If it does you can just. Yeah. No so I keep I keep it very honest and that I don't know, I mean I made good money like I think in total on on beer stuff in the past two years I made uh last year I made 15 K. Okay. And
yeah from being with me
and uh this year uh it's gonna be worse, it's gonna be worse but so far I made like 3600. Yeah.
So.
What?
Cool. Right. I'm pretty sure that we are at time and uh and I don't want to keep you from your spreadsheet uh And from china amazon uh got to be able to you know of assistance. Uh huh.
Already