SPEAKER_L: I don't want it so it's a full okay You know what? Oh yeah all right thanks started. Okay
SPEAKER_R: people?
SPEAKER_L: you can hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How you doing?
SPEAKER_L: Hey Doing quite well. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_R: I can't complain, I'm here and I'm happy. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: that's good. Yeah where you calling from? Oh
SPEAKER_R: I am in Stone mountain Georgia. You're familiar with that?
SPEAKER_L: you know yeah actually I'm I've uh I've climbed Stone Mountain for oh
SPEAKER_R: how about yourself? Where you at?
SPEAKER_L: I'm not too far down here in new Smyrna Beach florida. Yeah yeah. Um Yes Stone Mountain School that's uh yeah I hike there probably about a year ago last time we had a big hurricane so my girlfriend now we went and kind of evacuated enjoyed the Georgia week around Atlanta and we went to sun out a little bit. It was nice.
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome. That was like back in october november ish.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I think it was like october of last year october september so yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome. Around around that time
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: of the hurricane I was actually in Cleveland Georgia if you ever get a chance, there's a lot of nice hiking up there and um parks that you'd probably like.
SPEAKER_L: yeah yeah Cleveland Georgia. Okay nice. Yeah I'm guessing that's probably like north Georgia area. Um
SPEAKER_R: It is it's right around where um the mountains start so you're like at the foothills of the mountains? Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: so you or
SPEAKER_L: couple of friends that have recommended that area to me. Um, It's been on my list to check out. I just haven't, haven't made it up to that part of Georgia, but
SPEAKER_R: got you, it's so beautiful.
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: Um I spent a week there but it's really nice
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: um You like it? Um What I liked about it was the fact that
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: um a friend of mine was already there
SPEAKER_L: because,
SPEAKER_R: so she was able to kind of take me around and show me things that I would normally see.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. So when they have like uh, like nice trails or like any waterfalls or anything or uh uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I did a couple of trails
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: in the park so I'm gonna look it up real quick for if you
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: don't mind. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But I did a couple of trails and then there's some, I don't know if you call them like like resort towns? Um Just one second if you don't mind. Oh what's your name? Theo? I'm jeremy,
SPEAKER_L: Good jeremy. Nice to meet you man.
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you as well. So um I went to um this this wasn't a trail but the the one of the mountains it's called Yona Mountain but I went to the Fiona Mountain vineyard which is really cool. There's like a like a lookout type of area that that's over there. Um Let me see. I went to a place called Salty S. A. U. T. E. Another another another place was called. No coochie.
SPEAKER_L: No coochie. Oh
SPEAKER_R: the coochie. I know I know man and
SPEAKER_L: Look.
SPEAKER_R: uh the other places called Helen. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Ellen.
SPEAKER_R: So these are just the place is the the other cities that I went to. The cities in little towns but um you got you know you nicoise State
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: park. Um I went there then there's the smith gall woods State park And then the
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: final one I'll show will share with you. Theo is a raven cliffs Falls Trail. But literally and there's actually I'm looking at the picture
SPEAKER_L: Big.
SPEAKER_R: the raven cliffs Falls trail. There is there is a false like uh so you you but again you'll love it. It's right like I said at the foothills of the mountains where they start in Georgia. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. Nice. Very cool. Well, what is your favorite trail out of all those?
SPEAKER_R: I like going to you know coy. Um just because um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's for me at least I don't really like them much more of a biker. Uh They weren't they were they were made they were they were like intermediate but not too difficult. That's what I liked about it. And uh there was a really nice lake out there as well.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Nice. You know, coy. All right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But
SPEAKER_L: I can, I can remember that.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I'm trying to remember. Let's see. Yeah, there it is, I believe is the town of Helen. It's really strange I guess. I got to remember. Yeah, here we go. It's Bavarian style.
SPEAKER_L: The variance
SPEAKER_R: But yeah,
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: like it's like, it's like uh like german kind of like, you know, really
SPEAKER_L: got
SPEAKER_R: interesting.
SPEAKER_L: him. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: but but the town on
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: the weekends, these places become very loaded with folks from the city of Atlanta. For some reason, they love going up there. Like I call them like resort towns. Yeah, Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I mean, uh, yeah, I think, uh, you know, couple of towns like that. Um, it's like, uh, I don't know if you've ever been up to like, like Wyoming or like, like Yellowstone area. That's like Jackson Hole's just like, it's all about, it's like, it's like a tourist town. Uh, just pulling in all the people flying in that eventually end up like dispersing out and go into like different trails or trail sides, like national park sites and whatnot. Uh
SPEAKER_R: What do you, what do you like out there? Because the only way that I've experienced it so far, and it's not really a real experience. Um I've been looking at um like Youtube, they have like the live
SPEAKER_L: That small.
SPEAKER_R: views of like Jackson Hole area, which is kind of cool but it's not the same as being there, but what would you recommend out there?
SPEAKER_L: Um, so I mean, I think like a, like a good way, a good way to do it. I mean, this is like, what? Like, like my girlfriend and we rented a RV and we, uh, we ultimately ended up doing like Yellowstone is like a big ring basically. And you have like Yellowstone national Park and then like south of that, you have Grand Teton and art eaten. And they're both like really, really cool. Um I think a lot of it isn't so much how you do it, but when you do it, because, you know, we went during the height of like, you know, like all this like covid craziness when everybody was like trying to go outdoors anyway and it happened to be like the peak season for going around. Um and this is in august, so, you know, I think like peak travel season two, like the area is like july august september and I wouldn't recommend like, I feel like it's it's hard to do it wrong when you go there. Um In terms of like, okay, should I go like, you know, more west or should I just focus on staying inside the park because it's such a huge park? Um I think really just if you were to go earlier in the year um Maybe like right is this like right as you're exiting spring going kind of into summer you know you're probably gonna still have snow on the ground. But it will make like I think a big difference in because it would be so much cheaper to either like you know staying any lodgings or hotels if you want to. Um If you decide you know you want to like stay inside the parks, get like uh reserve like a camping spot or whatever. Um Or even if you get like an RV and it just makes it so much easier because uh like for us to get our RV even though we were doing the trip like two months in advance. Uh we had to call every single day just to get like an open spot because these things are like booked like six months to a year in advance in some of these places. Yeah, it's really kind of like insane and that's something I never really got a national park before and I realize that this is like such a big like bucket list thing for people to
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: do
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: it just like we were like, hey let's just do something you know, outdoors, it's fun. You know, we don't have to worry about, you know, we can just kind of do our own thing, we can go camping or we can do the R. B. And it was just like oh my gosh, everything is booked up solid, but it happened to be during that peak travel time. I had one friend who did a similar trip, but during I think he said he went like during May and he says just it was so much easier. You don't have to worry like about like dealing with the crowds if you're going to any of like the popular sites um inside the park and it's just like, you know, wildly cheaper when it when it comes to traveling around. So yeah, I'd recommend that. And you know if you're looking at the parks and you you feel like you might like them, Grand Teton was very very pretty um and easily accessible. I feel like it's not as popular as Yellowstone, but like for that reason that makes it I think probably more appealing. You just you don't have to worry about crowds as much over there. What?
SPEAKER_R: Well I'm looking at something theO and this this is actually gonna work out for me because like I just bought a bicycle last october
SPEAKER_L: And Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: are you familiar with touring bicycles?
SPEAKER_L: Touring bicycles I've heard of, I've heard of them, I don't have any personal experience with them.
SPEAKER_R: Okay well I have a certain along this trucker uh and I just got my rags like last month I just bought the bags where the front and the back bags and I'm looking at a trail, it's actually the it's the first ever bike trail ever created in the Usa called the Transamerica
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: Trail and it goes from Astoria Oregon to Yorktown Virginia. And I'm looking at the it's 1/4 4218 Mt 4218
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: miles. And
SPEAKER_L: that's it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and uh I know and it's part of it, part of it goes through west Yellowstone, that's all
SPEAKER_L: man.
SPEAKER_R: Transamerica Trail, man, wow.
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: So that
SPEAKER_L: know, I will actually add to that there when we were driving through the parks, we did come across signs for a bike trail, I think that goes through like all of Yellowstone, I think there is a bike trail that that connects all of like the smaller sections of the park together, it's supposed to be like super long, but I mean, I feel like that that that could be something we're checking out as well, I mean but man, that that'd be that'd be a cool ride from Oregon to Virginia on that trail like that.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I from what I understand from talking to the folks back in 76, we had our our bicentennial for the U. S. A. And so a bunch of crazy folks got together and it is something called the bike centennial and that's how they created the Transamerica Trail. Um based off what I was reading
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: from a lot of the guys and girls, they were saying that the best time to do it because of what you were talking about with the, with the snow on the ground. They said that
SPEAKER_L: They Okay.
SPEAKER_R: like from like october until like the beginning of spring you don't want to do it uh because they said some points of the journey, you're gonna have to go through mountains and they said, you know, that's, that's something she wanted to do on a bike. Um but just me being on Youtube, checking out that part of the country, I mean right now they've got a couple inches of snow on the ground, it's amazing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah man, Yeah, I could definitely get that because uh especially like up and say like yeah Oregon going across Oregon midwest and all that. Yeah. Yeah, I see.
SPEAKER_R: No, that's that's really dicey. Um so what I was told is the best time to do. It would be like what you were saying right around that late spring, early summer and then right before, uh like if you can get like a about a month ahead of fall ending, um uh or beginning, excuse me, if you can get a month ahead of fall beginning, you should be good. But I mean it's kind of crazy man that you just did that and I've actually been looking at getting out that way just because I'm originally from the Chicago land area and I've never I've never done um done that before, I figured that it would be a great opportunity um to see the country, but from what I've been told,
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: I got a trail just right around the corner from where I live, it goes from Stone Mountain, it's a bike trail goes from Stone Mountain to the city of Atlanta called the uh it's just the the Stone Mountain Atlanta Trail, a path, bike path system. I met a guy on it um uh D his name is D and I mean this guy is crazy um Vietnam vet. Uh but he speaks
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: fluent mandarin. Just got back from Taiwan, he biked the island of Taiwan like back in february, but back when he was younger he did the Transamerica Trail and uh he told me that In the 2-3 months that it takes, you will learn more about the usa than you could in any classroom setting. So I'm waiting. I can't wait man.
SPEAKER_L: and I believe that yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So uh well when you guys were out there um how long did you stay? And how was it expensive?
SPEAKER_L: Uh you can like really kind of tailor your own way. Um So inside the actual like resort town um you know it was like some some of the places were like really expensive like you know if you want to stay and lodging or anything like remember like living on the price is around like say the Like old faithful lodging, it was like $500 a night, like just like you know stupid rates. Um But also you know we were able to like get an RV And I think we're paying on average maybe like $150 a day and we were cooking all of our own food for the majority of it, so you really can kind of like make it cost effective and it really actually didn't even cost that much to fly out there. I think we're able to do a round trip for like Under 400 maybe closer like 300 or something because like the the airline rates just like weren't weren't that bad. Um uh I mean really I feel like the lodging was probably the most expensive thing and then you know like the restaurants and stuff if you decide to like you know splurge you know you can you can definitely spend some money that way. Um Yeah. Yeah but like there are definitely like you know there were other like options really enjoying the outdoors part of it without having to really spend too much money which is which is also also something that we kind of liked about it you know? Um Yeah it's doable. Um I would just say probably more doable depending on the time of the year and you decide to go.
SPEAKER_R: Got you. That sounds awesome. Um how you all were able to do it? Um I kind of looked out, I'm switching gears real quick but I looked out back in March with the prices for airlines plummeting I found on Spirit airlines round trip tickets from Atlanta and Vegas, 30 bucks round trip. So
SPEAKER_L: $3.
SPEAKER_R: 30
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: 30 30 bucks round trip. So
SPEAKER_L: and then that's round trip.
SPEAKER_R: yes round trip. So I'm like what what with Spirit with spirit, how they get you? They charge you you know extra for like if you want your own seat like in a certain area of the plane you know if you.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. You're an oxygen, there's like a of charge for that.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: they literally they up charge for everything. So what you do you get on the plane with your backpack
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: because they're going to charge you for carry on. They're gonna charge you to put the your suitcase underneath the plane. I mean literally it's ala carte flying but it's great. So long story short I didn't wind up going because in and out burger had shut down there, they had shut down uh you being able to go inside the restaurant so I'm like okay I'll wait so by july I go back to the airport because that's how I'm able to get the tickets for. So cheap with spirit. If you go to the airport you don't pay the passenger usage fee so it knocks off between like $9-$20 each way. So um I go to the airport and the ladies like
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: give me another like $17 or $15 like Okay thanks. So I wound up going round trip for 45 uh stayed on the strip, there's a really nice hostel on the strip
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: About 25 a night. I was there for two nights, three days, great time. And but I mean it's amazing what those prices were showing, you know with Covid going down, I was like wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It's wild, man. I really, I really don't know how the airlines gonna really going to make it long term with everything. Uh It's uh and what's crazy too is that, you know it's ironic and how they've cuts, they've had to cut so many uh flight, so many flights um that they're consolidated, consolidated like I guess their routes down to like a couple of flights and now those flights are packed, so it's like you have this, you know this pandemic evolving and the only, I mean really I can see why the airlines are having to do it just because it's like it's this one we can kind of say solvent. But like I remember like the airline I got on, it was just like every single seat was filled with people. And uh yeah, but luckily we, you know, I also was able to, you know, Get a pretty good right now like $45 round
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: trip. That's that's
SPEAKER_R: could
SPEAKER_L: that's the cheapest I've heard.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I couldn't I couldn't believe it. Um So um it's just when when I when I saw that because like I really like in and out burgers, I blame my father for a long time ago telling me when I was in college, he's like yeah when I go visit your sister and kelly always go in and out burger because they have a really simple menu, they just got, you know, burgers, fries, shakes and drinks and I'm like really like with the places, You know the drive thru has like 50 cars in it all day long. I'm like no way. So sure enough, every single time I go in and out burger I've been to them and uh Let's see San Diego was the first time I went to one, been one in L. A. as well. And then wow, just of course Vegas. But when I turned 42 years ago my sister, this is crazy. Um she sent me like a five gift cards. One gift card was for Airbnb. Another gift card was for like um am see another one was for uh I already said Airbnb, another one was for Southwest Airlines. And then basically each of the gift card and another one was for Darden group which is like um let's see red lobster
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: and Olive garden blah blah blah. So each of the cards was awesome. So I wind up saying to myself, okay I got 100 and 50 bucks for Southwest, what am I gonna do? So I get online and I discovered that um in and out burger, they just created like new ones in uh san Antonio texas And then San Antonio also has like two or 3 Air Force bases. So there was a guy, he used to be in the in the Air Force but now he's retired and he and he teaches for the Air Force now but he also converted some of his houses over the Airbnb Airbnb properties. So I'm like come on, this is crazy! So I I rent at the front of his house, the living room for 19 bucks a night, I couldn't
SPEAKER_L: Ha
SPEAKER_R: believe,
SPEAKER_L: ha.
SPEAKER_R: I can't believe it. And then the airport, When you leave the airport you can ride the bus system in San Antonio for like 235 a day, which is ridiculous all day long.
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: So I was able to um
SPEAKER_L: $2.35.
SPEAKER_R: hey $2.35 All day. So I'm like this is crazy. So my sister's like where are you going?
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: I'm like I'm going to San Antonio, they got in and out burger so um
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: I get there and 34 days straight three days straight, that's
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: all I was in and out in and out in and out in and out. But but but on that trip I also discovered some really good fingers called raising cain, we don't have them in Atlanta but I discovered it at the airport. So my sister, she's like you're the only damn person that travels to eat but I will say this other thing on traveling to eat, like I used to live in Taiwan, so I taught english over there and so thank you. So my sister, she's like uh
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: she's like you're the only damn person I know that would fly to Taiwan to eat at the night markets for 23 days. But what she didn't take into consideration was I used to be a part in it as well, so when I was flying I wasn't really paying anything, You know, I you know, I could do a round trip first class, the Paris 200 bucks. I mean come on now who wouldn't pass it up? I didn't,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. For real. Mm Were you, were you flying, so when you're flying tenant rows where you going international or more domestic?
SPEAKER_R: we were a regional airline, we were flying as United Express And so um we were
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: basically we fooled like 35
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: states in the us, but um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we also flew to Toronto and Montreal as well. So I I
SPEAKER_L: Think.
SPEAKER_R: used I used to love going up to Montreal Man, I mean it's french speaking. Uh one of the pilots
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: and I went up there with actually is from France and uh, I never forget john luke, john luke. Uh he was like, he, he told us when we were up there that it's the closest thing to France and he's ever experienced in America. Um but
SPEAKER_L: Uh
SPEAKER_R: mantra,
SPEAKER_L: Montreal.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, like Canada is really interesting. Like, have you ever been
SPEAKER_L: I know that there was another one on my list. I remember I was looking at like flights of Toronto kind of recently. I think it was like it had to have been like super cold or something because it was like 200 bucks and I was I was so close to buying it but I think we end up going somewhere else at the last minute. Um But yeah, I definitely didn't need to make it up there. You know what's all this craziness like settles down um
SPEAKER_R: What I got to ask you this question because I can give you some information to um Actually 3,
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: 3
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: different sites. Uh what do you use to pay the cheapest for your flights?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Uh um And turn, okay. So really I think it used to be I would like I would try to exclusively go through like southwest more so for the flexibility. Um uh And I think I would just go through like kayak I've got the kayak a number of times so what to see like what's what the cheapest has been? Um I would say kayak most most frequently in the past. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: the other thing is this, like I used to use kayak a lot as well, but if you're gonna be trying to really travel, I would look at um Airfarewatchdog, which I think is really good. Then the second one that I would recommend. It's really strange how it works. It's owned by google. You can look at the flight pairings but you can't purchase your ticket. So what you do you go to I. T. A. Software I. To Software Matrix. And when you when you go there basically like the airlines even kayak they use it use it as their um is the program for
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: the back to back up their system basically it's the backbone of the system. But I ta software Matrix it's really good.
SPEAKER_L: There's uh I I P. A. I. T. A.
SPEAKER_R: IT. 80 isn't time I ta software Matrix which is really good.
SPEAKER_L: That is that the site is like I ta software matrix dot com or is it actual program or something?
SPEAKER_R: It's it's um let me see I. T. A. So it's matrix
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: dot I. T. A. Software dot com.
SPEAKER_L: matrix dot I. T. A. Software dot com. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: and don't don't let the like what it looks like overwhelm you. It's really simple
SPEAKER_L: Just.
SPEAKER_R: like just play around with it. Um But like I'll have been doing crazy stuff, like for example, I can just put in there, you know what I want you to search the exact date and it will do that. But if you really want to find the deals, what you and your flexible go from instead of search exact dates. Do see calendar, see calendar of lowest fares
SPEAKER_L: Didn't,
SPEAKER_R: and that's where you really start finding like they're hitting uh flights that are really cheap. Like I've been able to get on here and find um out of JFK uh JFK to Bangkok 300 round trip on a Qatar Airways or airlines. Um
SPEAKER_L: Really
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's really good. So, so I chased
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: Software Matrix. Um Airfarewatchdog,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: which is really cool because you can actually put in like your your nearest airport and it will constantly find deals for you
SPEAKER_L: I'm writing this down right now. Okay
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: let's see. Airfarewatchdog air fare. Is that airfarewatchdog dot com?
SPEAKER_R: let me double check if. Yeah. Airfarewatchdog dot com.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. And then matrix dot I. T. A. Software
SPEAKER_R: Software.
SPEAKER_L: dot com. Oh okay.
SPEAKER_R: And then
SPEAKER_L: Sorry is this something that you use to repurchase
SPEAKER_R: all good.
SPEAKER_L: the flights directly through these sites or do they kind of tell you okay if you were to search this day through this airline at this airport? Okay. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: they they
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: pretty much know that airlines have sales all the time but they're not always advertised. And so that's their claim to fame is that they can pretty much tell you when when sales are going
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: on that aren't being advertised and it's for free. But then I ta software matrix, what you're gonna love about that is that you can literally start putting in like look I want to travel from here to here and then you can do like a the exact date
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: you can be flexible and you say search for the next 30 days
SPEAKER_L: Company.
SPEAKER_R: in a row and it will find you your cheapest flights. There's actually there's actually two more than I'm going to give you. The The next one is called Wander through.
SPEAKER_L: wander through.
SPEAKER_R: Now if you ever find yourself um of course in the States or over in europe, this is really great because you can do buses, trains, they don't have cars and hotels, but they were famous for buses and trains. Wanjiru is W. A. N. D. E. R. U. And then I have one last place I'm gonna give you uh this
SPEAKER_L: oh
SPEAKER_R: is for um being able to find hotels not them ago to
SPEAKER_L: the woman
SPEAKER_R: dude you're gonna love to go to.
SPEAKER_L: A G. O. D. A.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah A G. O. D. A. Um And uh the uh what I'll tell you about to go to that you're gonna love is I specifically you
SPEAKER_L: Bond.
SPEAKER_R: can use it around the world, but I specifically would use it when I was in Thailand And I'm I'm finding four star hotel for $15 a night. Yeah, I'll never forget. Right
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: right by the airport, there's a right by the Bangkok Airport. There's a there's a hotel called the Silver Gold. It's a four star hotel. It's mostly used as like a transit hotel. You know you got a flight that's going to be an eight hours, you just want to go to a hotel. But yeah uh go to dot com. And then uh also like I said I taught english in Taiwan but I've also taught
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: in china as well. So when I was in China it was really difficult
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: at first I didn't realize you need to come up with like 5000 us and be able to get uh to be able to get an apartment because they want you to have first and last month's plus a security deposit. And at the end of this is Beijing. And you know if you don't
SPEAKER_L: jeez
SPEAKER_R: have fought between 45,000
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: us, your S. H. I. T.
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: Out of look
SPEAKER_L: insane.
SPEAKER_R: it is it's really insane. And uh one of my friends, she's like uh she's asian and I'm like why do they do this? She's like well you know we don't trust anything but money you have to have cash like you know like like
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: credit cards like that big of a thing over here as well either we want cash, you don't give us a check. But anyway um with a go to in Beijing I'll never forget uh there was this area called Sai Sachiko Sachiko and uh huh. It was probably 40 minutes away from where I taught and everybody
SPEAKER_L: Is
SPEAKER_R: would be
SPEAKER_L: cover
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: that?
SPEAKER_R: you know the area where you're living at right now is where people were like murdered
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: and killed. And sure enough I get I get online
SPEAKER_L: Perfect
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: on them.
SPEAKER_R: there were there like there's ghosts and spirits because of all the people that were killed. And I'm like Okay thanks. But uh the hotel was nice $20 a night.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: But but to go to a goethe
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: the lifesaver I've never used a go to in the U. S. A. Uh It does work here as well but Thailand and china is just amazing the prices that I can find and like you'll see hotels that will give them discounts
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: that they won't give the kayak for whatever reason, I don't know why but it's just set up that way.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. Right on, I'll definitely, you know, checking these resources next uh next big travel trip we
SPEAKER_R: man
SPEAKER_L: embark on,
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: I'll trade you one.
SPEAKER_R: what for?
SPEAKER_L: you probably have come across it. Um but in the off chance you haven't and I anticipated, you know, I would think that is probably still active. I just kind of took myself off the list for it. Scott's cheap flights.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yes I'm familiar with them,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. So I mean that was like, you know, and then the last time I really in this more for like international trips and they probably they probably use like a similar algorithm to what these sites um do. But I guess it was there was a nice convenience factor in that, you know, he would send you the emails every day and he would just say, hey if you're, if you want like a $400 round trip, you know to Rome like I do like I think like a 400 round trip to Ireland um and it was just through the emails that he sends out sends out like every day. So
SPEAKER_R: I'm when when you mentioned $400 round trip the first thing that comes to mind is air lingus. I know they have a lot of uh cheap
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: flights.
SPEAKER_L: was actually through that flight through the airline. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I mean that's that's who comes
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: to mind, I mean it's amazing how they're able to to get folks uh to Ireland for that cheap but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: Uh But I'm familiar with the Scots to travel um But I'll check it out some more. I don't they look for you to pay like a monthly fee?
SPEAKER_L: So at least when I was using it, whether they changed their pricing model at all is another question, but when I was using it it was you can get a third of the deals for free and if you wanted to pay him, I think it was like $30 a year. He would give you, you know, all of the flight offers each day. So you basically just got, you had a free sample each day, which is really enough, you know because if if you're like open it was like, hey I have a month I want to go somewhere new. I don't care really where I go. I just want to you know, go somewhere new. Um That was kind of a new way to discover like new new new flights that were like super cheap and yeah and they went everywhere like you know, europe Asia, you know somewhere domestic.
SPEAKER_R: Gotcha I'm saying here um which isn't bad, I mean it's only 49 a year. And with the savings that you're gonna get, just I'm looking at just some of the potential flights at the bottom of the page That will that will easily pay for itself 49 a year,
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: its shape.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Are they giving out free flights? Like our guests free searches still or is it just like maybe like a trial trial time or something? Well,
SPEAKER_R: From what I just saw, they're going to give you like a trial of I do believe two weeks.
SPEAKER_L: uh they changed it. I think his his email has probably got like more popular and uh I guess is their user base increased? They ended up increasing their prices but
SPEAKER_R: Well I I do know thank thanks for that uh for reminding me about them, but I do know on facebook um there's a black american group that exists, I mean you could easily join as well, I've been joined yet. But um there's like this um this false belief that black people don't travel internationally. And so there's a group of uh black american millennials, that's what they
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: do, they're like scott's travel but for free they literally just constantly in the in the private group, they find deals and if like they found like flights to the Middle East Uh for like
SPEAKER_L: Some
SPEAKER_R: two or
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: $300
SPEAKER_L: that,
SPEAKER_R: round trip. Uh And like on Guitar Airlines not Guitar um What's that city, not abu Dhabi, What's the city that
SPEAKER_L: Goodbye.
SPEAKER_R: everybody wants to go? Thank you Dubai. So um
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: they found like really cheap tickets for like $2 or $300 round trip to Dubai. And what they'll do
SPEAKER_L: Nobody.
SPEAKER_R: is They find deals and but at the same time they'll say
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: look we don't want to go by ourselves, let's 20 or 30 or 40, let's get together and I'll go, which is pretty cool. So. Yeah, but I I like I'm kind of like you, I like it when folks can find the deals for me and then I can just plug in if I can.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It's just like a uh yeah and it's like when they pop up, remember the only weird thing about it was you had a small time window to pick it up so you kind of have to be ready to buy the flight because I think by the next day it's like someone already bought it, you know? Song. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: When when I worked for the airlines, I learned about the model that they use, um I want to make sure that I get the name airline pricing model, there's a name for it. Um um dynamic pricing strategy. And
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: basically uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: when the person explained it to us, the price never stays the same. Uh It can constantly change and um you know, you just it's not really, I don't think that it's luck, but um I do know that like if more people start getting snatching up
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: the deals like what you said within, you know, literally sometimes for certain deals within minutes,
SPEAKER_L: it is.
SPEAKER_R: people can, you know, can make them no longer available, they can get rid of them. Um
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: But what I've, what I've discovered is as long as I'm looking at flights, uh huh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'd say a month or two out, I'm pretty good. But then because I'm in Atlanta area, we have Frontier Airlines and we also have Spirit And they do crazy stuff, 90% off tickets, 99% off tickets. So I mean it's like, you know, you're, you're, you're going to be good and then Delta's here. You really can't find any good things with Delta. Um I like that's why I like living in Chicago
SPEAKER_L: that's good.
SPEAKER_R: better. Like I said, I'm from the Chicago area. We have United in America and that's their hub out of O hare. But then we also got Midway, Midway, which is where Southwest is at. And there's, you got just, you know, more competition. You drive down the prices. But um, Spirit and Frontier, they've done really, really well for us being down here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Nice. Right. On uh Hey, I actually got I got a competing appointment here but
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: man
SPEAKER_R: no, no,
SPEAKER_L: it's been a cool exchange, appreciate all the good rex on these, I'll be using them.
SPEAKER_R: same here, feel I appreciate you appreciate your time. I got to get on my bike as well before the sun goes down. You know, it goes down now 5 30 by 40.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You got like 20 minutes left.
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: thanks again man. I appreciate it. Have a good one. And uh, if this is your first time man doing this, uh, you're gonna love it. This is my last time and this is my seventh time doing it. So I can't do it anymore. But uh,
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: every person that I met and talked to, it's been a blast man. So have a good rest your day, enjoy that florida sunshine, man.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks man, you as well and stay well
SPEAKER_R: You too. Thank you. Bye. Bye.