people?
Yeah. How you doing?
I can't complain, I'm here and I'm happy. Yeah
I am in Stone mountain Georgia. You're familiar with that?
how about yourself? Where you at?
that's awesome. That was like back in october november ish.
that's awesome. Around around that time
of the hurricane I was actually in Cleveland Georgia if you ever get a chance, there's a lot of nice hiking up there and um parks that you'd probably like.
It is it's right around where um the mountains start so you're like at the foothills of the mountains? Yeah
so you or
got you, it's so beautiful.
Um I spent a week there but it's really nice
um You like it? Um What I liked about it was the fact that
um a friend of mine was already there
so she was able to kind of take me around and show me things that I would normally see.
I did a couple of trails
in the park so I'm gonna look it up real quick for if you
don't mind. Um
But I did a couple of trails and then there's some, I don't know if you call them like like resort towns? Um Just one second if you don't mind. Oh what's your name? Theo? I'm jeremy,
nice to meet you as well. So um I went to um this this wasn't a trail but the the one of the mountains it's called Yona Mountain but I went to the Fiona Mountain vineyard which is really cool. There's like a like a lookout type of area that that's over there. Um Let me see. I went to a place called Salty S. A. U. T. E. Another another another place was called. No coochie.
the coochie. I know I know man and
uh the other places called Helen. Uh
So these are just the place is the the other cities that I went to. The cities in little towns but um you got you know you nicoise State
park. Um I went there then there's the smith gall woods State park And then the
final one I'll show will share with you. Theo is a raven cliffs Falls Trail. But literally and there's actually I'm looking at the picture
the raven cliffs Falls trail. There is there is a false like uh so you you but again you'll love it. It's right like I said at the foothills of the mountains where they start in Georgia. Yeah.
I like going to you know coy. Um just because um
it's for me at least I don't really like them much more of a biker. Uh They weren't they were they were made they were they were like intermediate but not too difficult. That's what I liked about it. And uh there was a really nice lake out there as well.
Yeah. But
yeah, I'm trying to remember. Let's see. Yeah, there it is, I believe is the town of Helen. It's really strange I guess. I got to remember. Yeah, here we go. It's Bavarian style.
But yeah,
like it's like, it's like uh like german kind of like, you know, really
interesting.
but but the town on
the weekends, these places become very loaded with folks from the city of Atlanta. For some reason, they love going up there. Like I call them like resort towns. Yeah, Yeah.
What do you, what do you like out there? Because the only way that I've experienced it so far, and it's not really a real experience. Um I've been looking at um like Youtube, they have like the live
views of like Jackson Hole area, which is kind of cool but it's not the same as being there, but what would you recommend out there?
got
you.
Well I'm looking at something theO and this this is actually gonna work out for me because like I just bought a bicycle last october
are you familiar with touring bicycles?
Okay well I have a certain along this trucker uh and I just got my rags like last month I just bought the bags where the front and the back bags and I'm looking at a trail, it's actually the it's the first ever bike trail ever created in the Usa called the Transamerica
Trail and it goes from Astoria Oregon to Yorktown Virginia. And I'm looking at the it's 1/4 4218 Mt 4218
miles. And
and uh I know and it's part of it, part of it goes through west Yellowstone, that's all
Transamerica Trail, man, wow.
So that
I mean I from what I understand from talking to the folks back in 76, we had our our bicentennial for the U. S. A. And so a bunch of crazy folks got together and it is something called the bike centennial and that's how they created the Transamerica Trail. Um based off what I was reading
from a lot of the guys and girls, they were saying that the best time to do it because of what you were talking about with the, with the snow on the ground. They said that
like from like october until like the beginning of spring you don't want to do it uh because they said some points of the journey, you're gonna have to go through mountains and they said, you know, that's, that's something she wanted to do on a bike. Um but just me being on Youtube, checking out that part of the country, I mean right now they've got a couple inches of snow on the ground, it's amazing.
No, that's that's really dicey. Um so what I was told is the best time to do. It would be like what you were saying right around that late spring, early summer and then right before, uh like if you can get like a about a month ahead of fall ending, um uh or beginning, excuse me, if you can get a month ahead of fall beginning, you should be good. But I mean it's kind of crazy man that you just did that and I've actually been looking at getting out that way just because I'm originally from the Chicago land area and I've never I've never done um done that before, I figured that it would be a great opportunity um to see the country, but from what I've been told,
I got a trail just right around the corner from where I live, it goes from Stone Mountain, it's a bike trail goes from Stone Mountain to the city of Atlanta called the uh it's just the the Stone Mountain Atlanta Trail, a path, bike path system. I met a guy on it um uh D his name is D and I mean this guy is crazy um Vietnam vet. Uh but he speaks
fluent mandarin. Just got back from Taiwan, he biked the island of Taiwan like back in february, but back when he was younger he did the Transamerica Trail and uh he told me that In the 2-3 months that it takes, you will learn more about the usa than you could in any classroom setting. So I'm waiting. I can't wait man.
So uh well when you guys were out there um how long did you stay? And how was it expensive?
Got you. That sounds awesome. Um how you all were able to do it? Um I kind of looked out, I'm switching gears real quick but I looked out back in March with the prices for airlines plummeting I found on Spirit airlines round trip tickets from Atlanta and Vegas, 30 bucks round trip. So
30
30 30 bucks round trip. So
yes round trip. So I'm like what what with Spirit with spirit, how they get you? They charge you you know extra for like if you want your own seat like in a certain area of the plane you know if you.
But
they literally they up charge for everything. So what you do you get on the plane with your backpack
because they're going to charge you for carry on. They're gonna charge you to put the your suitcase underneath the plane. I mean literally it's ala carte flying but it's great. So long story short I didn't wind up going because in and out burger had shut down there, they had shut down uh you being able to go inside the restaurant so I'm like okay I'll wait so by july I go back to the airport because that's how I'm able to get the tickets for. So cheap with spirit. If you go to the airport you don't pay the passenger usage fee so it knocks off between like $9-$20 each way. So um I go to the airport and the ladies like
give me another like $17 or $15 like Okay thanks. So I wound up going round trip for 45 uh stayed on the strip, there's a really nice hostel on the strip
About 25 a night. I was there for two nights, three days, great time. And but I mean it's amazing what those prices were showing, you know with Covid going down, I was like wow.
I
could
yeah, I couldn't I couldn't believe it. Um So um it's just when when I when I saw that because like I really like in and out burgers, I blame my father for a long time ago telling me when I was in college, he's like yeah when I go visit your sister and kelly always go in and out burger because they have a really simple menu, they just got, you know, burgers, fries, shakes and drinks and I'm like really like with the places, You know the drive thru has like 50 cars in it all day long. I'm like no way. So sure enough, every single time I go in and out burger I've been to them and uh Let's see San Diego was the first time I went to one, been one in L. A. as well. And then wow, just of course Vegas. But when I turned 42 years ago my sister, this is crazy. Um she sent me like a five gift cards. One gift card was for Airbnb. Another gift card was for like um am see another one was for uh I already said Airbnb, another one was for Southwest Airlines. And then basically each of the gift card and another one was for Darden group which is like um let's see red lobster
and Olive garden blah blah blah. So each of the cards was awesome. So I wind up saying to myself, okay I got 100 and 50 bucks for Southwest, what am I gonna do? So I get online and I discovered that um in and out burger, they just created like new ones in uh san Antonio texas And then San Antonio also has like two or 3 Air Force bases. So there was a guy, he used to be in the in the Air Force but now he's retired and he and he teaches for the Air Force now but he also converted some of his houses over the Airbnb Airbnb properties. So I'm like come on, this is crazy! So I I rent at the front of his house, the living room for 19 bucks a night, I couldn't
believe,
I can't believe it. And then the airport, When you leave the airport you can ride the bus system in San Antonio for like 235 a day, which is ridiculous all day long.
So I was able to um
hey $2.35 All day. So I'm like this is crazy. So my sister's like where are you going?
I'm like I'm going to San Antonio, they got in and out burger so um
I get there and 34 days straight three days straight, that's
all I was in and out in and out in and out in and out. But but but on that trip I also discovered some really good fingers called raising cain, we don't have them in Atlanta but I discovered it at the airport. So my sister, she's like you're the only damn person that travels to eat but I will say this other thing on traveling to eat, like I used to live in Taiwan, so I taught english over there and so thank you. So my sister, she's like uh
she's like you're the only damn person I know that would fly to Taiwan to eat at the night markets for 23 days. But what she didn't take into consideration was I used to be a part in it as well, so when I was flying I wasn't really paying anything, You know, I you know, I could do a round trip first class, the Paris 200 bucks. I mean come on now who wouldn't pass it up? I didn't,
we were a regional airline, we were flying as United Express And so um we were
basically we fooled like 35
states in the us, but um
we also flew to Toronto and Montreal as well. So I I
used I used to love going up to Montreal Man, I mean it's french speaking. Uh one of the pilots
and I went up there with actually is from France and uh, I never forget john luke, john luke. Uh he was like, he, he told us when we were up there that it's the closest thing to France and he's ever experienced in America. Um but
mantra,
yeah, like Canada is really interesting. Like, have you ever been
What I got to ask you this question because I can give you some information to um Actually 3,
3
different sites. Uh what do you use to pay the cheapest for your flights?
the other thing is this, like I used to use kayak a lot as well, but if you're gonna be trying to really travel, I would look at um Airfarewatchdog, which I think is really good. Then the second one that I would recommend. It's really strange how it works. It's owned by google. You can look at the flight pairings but you can't purchase your ticket. So what you do you go to I. T. A. Software I. To Software Matrix. And when you when you go there basically like the airlines even kayak they use it use it as their um is the program for
the back to back up their system basically it's the backbone of the system. But I ta software Matrix it's really good.
IT. 80 isn't time I ta software Matrix which is really good.
It's it's um let me see I. T. A. So it's matrix
dot I. T. A. Software dot com.
and don't don't let the like what it looks like overwhelm you. It's really simple
like just play around with it. Um But like I'll have been doing crazy stuff, like for example, I can just put in there, you know what I want you to search the exact date and it will do that. But if you really want to find the deals, what you and your flexible go from instead of search exact dates. Do see calendar, see calendar of lowest fares
and that's where you really start finding like they're hitting uh flights that are really cheap. Like I've been able to get on here and find um out of JFK uh JFK to Bangkok 300 round trip on a Qatar Airways or airlines. Um
Yeah, it's really good. So, so I chased
Software Matrix. Um Airfarewatchdog,
which is really cool because you can actually put in like your your nearest airport and it will constantly find deals for you
and
let me double check if. Yeah. Airfarewatchdog dot com.
Software.
And then
all good.
they they
pretty much know that airlines have sales all the time but they're not always advertised. And so that's their claim to fame is that they can pretty much tell you when when sales are going
on that aren't being advertised and it's for free. But then I ta software matrix, what you're gonna love about that is that you can literally start putting in like look I want to travel from here to here and then you can do like a the exact date
or
you can be flexible and you say search for the next 30 days
in a row and it will find you your cheapest flights. There's actually there's actually two more than I'm going to give you. The The next one is called Wander through.
Now if you ever find yourself um of course in the States or over in europe, this is really great because you can do buses, trains, they don't have cars and hotels, but they were famous for buses and trains. Wanjiru is W. A. N. D. E. R. U. And then I have one last place I'm gonna give you uh this
is for um being able to find hotels not them ago to
dude you're gonna love to go to.
Yeah A G. O. D. A. Um And uh the uh what I'll tell you about to go to that you're gonna love is I specifically you
can use it around the world, but I specifically would use it when I was in Thailand And I'm I'm finding four star hotel for $15 a night. Yeah, I'll never forget. Right
right by the airport, there's a right by the Bangkok Airport. There's a there's a hotel called the Silver Gold. It's a four star hotel. It's mostly used as like a transit hotel. You know you got a flight that's going to be an eight hours, you just want to go to a hotel. But yeah uh go to dot com. And then uh also like I said I taught english in Taiwan but I've also taught
in china as well. So when I was in China it was really difficult
at first I didn't realize you need to come up with like 5000 us and be able to get uh to be able to get an apartment because they want you to have first and last month's plus a security deposit. And at the end of this is Beijing. And you know if you don't
have fought between 45,000
us, your S. H. I. T.
Out of look
it is it's really insane. And uh one of my friends, she's like uh she's asian and I'm like why do they do this? She's like well you know we don't trust anything but money you have to have cash like you know like like
credit cards like that big of a thing over here as well either we want cash, you don't give us a check. But anyway um with a go to in Beijing I'll never forget uh there was this area called Sai Sachiko Sachiko and uh huh. It was probably 40 minutes away from where I taught and everybody
would be
like
you know the area where you're living at right now is where people were like murdered
and killed. And sure enough I get I get online
and
there were there like there's ghosts and spirits because of all the people that were killed. And I'm like Okay thanks. But uh the hotel was nice $20 a night.
But but to go to a goethe
was
the lifesaver I've never used a go to in the U. S. A. Uh It does work here as well but Thailand and china is just amazing the prices that I can find and like you'll see hotels that will give them discounts
that they won't give the kayak for whatever reason, I don't know why but it's just set up that way.
man
it's
what for?
Oh yes I'm familiar with them,
I'm when when you mentioned $400 round trip the first thing that comes to mind is air lingus. I know they have a lot of uh cheap
flights.
Yeah I mean that's that's who comes
to mind, I mean it's amazing how they're able to to get folks uh to Ireland for that cheap but yeah.
Uh But I'm familiar with the Scots to travel um But I'll check it out some more. I don't they look for you to pay like a monthly fee?
Gotcha I'm saying here um which isn't bad, I mean it's only 49 a year. And with the savings that you're gonna get, just I'm looking at just some of the potential flights at the bottom of the page That will that will easily pay for itself 49 a year,
its shape.
From what I just saw, they're going to give you like a trial of I do believe two weeks.
Well I I do know thank thanks for that uh for reminding me about them, but I do know on facebook um there's a black american group that exists, I mean you could easily join as well, I've been joined yet. But um there's like this um this false belief that black people don't travel internationally. And so there's a group of uh black american millennials, that's what they
do, they're like scott's travel but for free they literally just constantly in the in the private group, they find deals and if like they found like flights to the Middle East Uh for like
two or
$300
round trip. Uh And like on Guitar Airlines not Guitar um What's that city, not abu Dhabi, What's the city that
everybody wants to go? Thank you Dubai. So um
they found like really cheap tickets for like $2 or $300 round trip to Dubai. And what they'll do
is They find deals and but at the same time they'll say
well
look we don't want to go by ourselves, let's 20 or 30 or 40, let's get together and I'll go, which is pretty cool. So. Yeah, but I I like I'm kind of like you, I like it when folks can find the deals for me and then I can just plug in if I can.
When when I worked for the airlines, I learned about the model that they use, um I want to make sure that I get the name airline pricing model, there's a name for it. Um um dynamic pricing strategy. And
basically uh
when the person explained it to us, the price never stays the same. Uh It can constantly change and um you know, you just it's not really, I don't think that it's luck, but um I do know that like if more people start getting snatching up
the deals like what you said within, you know, literally sometimes for certain deals within minutes,
people can, you know, can make them no longer available, they can get rid of them. Um
But what I've, what I've discovered is as long as I'm looking at flights, uh huh
I'd say a month or two out, I'm pretty good. But then because I'm in Atlanta area, we have Frontier Airlines and we also have Spirit And they do crazy stuff, 90% off tickets, 99% off tickets. So I mean it's like, you know, you're, you're, you're going to be good and then Delta's here. You really can't find any good things with Delta. Um I like that's why I like living in Chicago
better. Like I said, I'm from the Chicago area. We have United in America and that's their hub out of O hare. But then we also got Midway, Midway, which is where Southwest is at. And there's, you got just, you know, more competition. You drive down the prices. But um, Spirit and Frontier, they've done really, really well for us being down here.
No,
no, no,
same here, feel I appreciate you appreciate your time. I got to get on my bike as well before the sun goes down. You know, it goes down now 5 30 by 40.
But
thanks again man. I appreciate it. Have a good one. And uh, if this is your first time man doing this, uh, you're gonna love it. This is my last time and this is my seventh time doing it. So I can't do it anymore. But uh,
every person that I met and talked to, it's been a blast man. So have a good rest your day, enjoy that florida sunshine, man.
You too. Thank you. Bye. Bye.