SPEAKER_L: well, don't black cowboy has Excuse me, cowgirl hands, heart cheering up now. The cherry on top. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. It's critical the cherry on top bringing in the entire world. Yeah. Mm Yeah, enjoying the start. Just like you can fuck up. Uh huh. I've seen google fuck up so many times. There aren't any video. Okay. Uh huh. Uh huh. No. Yeah, I'm turning my badge and it's been a good run. Your car. Yeah, Not, but no point. Right. Thank you. Thank you for everything other things. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. To the finance course. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Oh yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. So these guys have played each other so much the Pacers in the heat. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. You're Yeah. Right. What? Okay. Mhm Oh, all right,
SPEAKER_R: there,
SPEAKER_L: tired.
SPEAKER_R: how is going?
SPEAKER_L: Bye. No. Yeah, Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: can you hear me,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, yes. Oh, one second. Can you hear me? All Right? 1 2nd.
SPEAKER_R: Today? Yeah. Mhm Good.
SPEAKER_L: Hey, how's it going?
SPEAKER_R: I'm like, what are you laughing at? Like what's going on?
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry. I was like in the middle of like a chat and like watching basketball the same time like so much stuff happening. But yeah. Hey
SPEAKER_R: Hey, what
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: do you like? What kind of basketball are you watching?
SPEAKER_L: um so my team is playing today. I'm actually a Miami Heat fans. Um Yeah I've just been watching like NBA basketball seeing how that's going. Um But yeah since the bubble. Well they call it the bubble, they just restarted the NBA season like a couple of weeks ago and two I think yesterday was like the first day the playoffs. So like now it's like getting real so just been watching that and I was like talking my friend about it. So yeah
SPEAKER_R: Nice. But
SPEAKER_L: I'm kind of glad you joined man. This is like my third or fourth time having like link up with someone on this survey and it's never never actually happened. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: really, really like people just don't show up or what?
SPEAKER_L: yeah so like I would just kind of you know poppin wait a couple of minutes. Things like 5 10 minutes and then we would show up. Um But I have done one conversation with someone before. Just one though with the female from call. It was it was SAn Diego and which is you know we're just going over the whole thing. Is this your first time doing this um
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: conversation?
SPEAKER_R: is like, I think this is like my third time or four time, I don't know, I lose track, but I've
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: never had an issue like with people not joining, which is interesting. It's through prolific
SPEAKER_L: it happened.
SPEAKER_R: writer.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah it is it is it's just I don't know sometimes I think it happened to me because I missed my first one of my second one of them like they kind of just like I don't put me in whatever they did but it's all good it's all good. Um Alright so brief introduction so right now we're supposed to be just talking for like 25 minutes. Right okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You're from Miami, I'm assuming. Right,
SPEAKER_L: Yes correct. Um I'm emerged. I was originally born in cuba my name is Jonathan. Um I went uh was basically
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: admitted
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: to the U.
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: S. As of when I was four years old through my dad because there's a thing called the universal lottery where like the U. S. Hands out um Visas across the world to different countries
SPEAKER_R: I mhm
SPEAKER_L: And my dad luckily he won and it's a really low chance for you to actually win the when it's like a one and 50,000 chance. So luckily yeah that happened and we you know emigrated from Cuba, my dad, my mom, my brother and myself. Um and we've been in Miami for about you know 1817 years. And from there I went to us up northern florida. Um And I studied uh many things, I changed majors here and there everyone from a chemical engineer into like chemistry, psychology. Um And then I ended up graduating in spanish. I've been at that point I just worked there for a little bit, Came back down to Miami and see my folks, my folks moved over to North Port which is like the west side of florida and then I spent time
SPEAKER_R: Time
SPEAKER_L: with them for like
SPEAKER_R: with the
SPEAKER_L: month
SPEAKER_R: blood.
SPEAKER_L: and then now I'm
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: actually
SPEAKER_R: fact
SPEAKER_L: in Washington. Um And so yeah well Tacoma Washington um Yeah
SPEAKER_R: okay.
SPEAKER_L: I decided to make a move over here just to kind of pursue the tech industry um Getting into tech now, getting into coding and learning all these things right now so that's kind of where I'm at right now with life and recently just staying at an Airbnb which I luckily found and it's great I mean the hostess here is amazing, she's um first generation chinese born and raised and then she came here like
SPEAKER_R: If
SPEAKER_L: a couple a couple years ago, well actually
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: more than a couple years ago. But um yeah, it's, it's a whole learning experience over here. It's been pretty cool. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: are you going to be there for a while or just temporarily? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: my plan is to be here for a while and so I could go ahead and land a job preferably again with the tech industry right now. I'm just kind of building my portfolio, building my project to kind of have something to put on paper and resume and hopefully once this covid thing kind of slides through, I'll have an opportunity to, you know, to get hired or something along the lines of that. So um yeah, that's the goal so far. It's been great. I can't really complain, Washington has been more and amazing. I mean they tell you it's beautiful but you know, it's true like, you know, you come here it's it's well now that I have this summer, it's beautiful right? Because people are like, I went to wait till like you know the rainy season heads and it's drizzling all day every day but it's real nice. I mean the weather here can complain, the greenery shrubbery is is amazing, it's beautiful. Um People real nice. Real nice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: Seattle summers are beautiful. Like I was joking in my friend, I'm like, I'm gonna buy a house in Seattle just
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: for the
SPEAKER_L: feet.
SPEAKER_R: summer. It's because how beautiful it is, but like the rest of the year is like rainy, it's not even raining, it's like wet you're gonna bring
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: back. It's
SPEAKER_L: word.
SPEAKER_R: like, I don't like it. But that's kind of funny
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: that you came from florida to Washington. I'm like the opposite, I came from California
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and it moved to new york. So I've been in new york Or maybe like the last 10 years and like, I don't know, this Kobe thing is like really hitting me hard.
SPEAKER_L: Dude.
SPEAKER_R: Crazy
SPEAKER_L: Yeah man, I mean
SPEAKER_R: as
SPEAKER_L: you saw I mean you were there first hand when they like kind of erupted in new york I would assume right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was it was really bad. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that's tough. Um I've been to new york what what part of your heart
SPEAKER_R: Manhattan. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: nice. Have a buddy who's there right now, he works for the times you watch the new york times and it's pretty cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like things are slowly getting better though, like when Covid hit really hard and then the protests happened and then it's like, what is going on? New york is like, it's going to blow up. Like, I don't know if it's the same thing is happening in Washington. I know
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: florida is pretty much Covid. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: so florida wasn't one of like the main hotspots to start with, it was just kind of ramping up to begin with um Seattle Washington. Yeah, this area was apparently when it first started, but um I transitioned out of florida, beginning of june, so at that point florida was actually just starting to like hit the fritz like a couple weeks later, that's when like record high cases started coming in, and I was like oh my god, let me just left right on time. So, so yeah, so that happened and then um I mean, you know, I was two, I was skeptical about my whole move from the beginning, I was like why am I even doing this? Why am I even traveling like during covid, like this is this is not the best time to do any of this right now, but I thought to myself, you know what, like right now, in the case you seem a little bit more stable, I'm obviously gonna be quarantining, I'm gonna be taking critical precautions and um I really can't, like I can't put a pause on like my goals and things I want to accomplish, right?
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: true.
SPEAKER_L: I want to make sure I carry that through in the most socially responsible way possible, so that way
SPEAKER_R: Black
SPEAKER_L: I'm not affecting other
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: people negatively and that's kind of what I'm what I did. I, you know, I stayed quarantine for a while, I was by myself in an apartment studio, um never leaving and doing all the, you know, requirement and stuff while also trying to experience, you know, as much as I could in Washington. Um and I don't know, I I'm in love with the state so far, it hasn't changed, so we'll see how it goes uh in the next couple of months. Um But new york man, new york is great, it's a crazy place, I actually, I'm like dreamt about living in New York as a kid or like growing up and then as I as I've gotten older I'm just like zero York is a nice place to visit and you know, experience and have some time. But man, you guys are crazy, you guys are crazy living there.
SPEAKER_R: it's like nonstop, but like, I remember like going on the train like maybe two weeks ago and like not having been on the train since the pandemic it and I'm like, what am I doing? It was like, it was crowded but not too crowded, but it was kind of scary, like just people like all up on you and like, I'm gonna get Covid, I'm gonna get Covid.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: But it's nice to like, no, like cases are starting to stabilize, you know, restaurants are still open just like for outside dining. Like things are slow against normal, but I work in the healthcare industry and everyone's like, there's gonna be another surge in the fall. I'm like,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: I hope
SPEAKER_L: they're
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: saying,
SPEAKER_R: not a bad though. Yeah, I mean it's not gonna be as bad as it was before, but they're like there's gonna be another surge because of the labor labor day and everything,
SPEAKER_L: that's right, that's right.
SPEAKER_R: people being
SPEAKER_L: How
SPEAKER_R: out. So
SPEAKER_L: are how are the like I guess how are they having curfews over there? They haven't like you can't go out at a certain time etcetera etcetera, are they implementing that?
SPEAKER_R: I heard like in different boroughs like queens, my friends up in a story and she's like there's a curfew like 11 PM, but like I don't hear anywhere else like in other boroughs, so it might be a girl thing,
SPEAKER_L: I was just asking because I know in florida they have like a whole like county wide
SPEAKER_R: trump won
SPEAKER_L: curfew. I believe it's from like nine PM to like five a.m. In the morning, Like you cannot be out of Yeah, that's and I don't know how later walmart stays open, but the Walmarts I've seen only stay open to like eight o'clock. 8 30 Salamah.
SPEAKER_R: I noticed a lot of places are closing like pretty early. Like I'm actually trying to meet up with some friends this weekend to go to like a bar and like they're like, can I can I invite some people like, no, let's leave it to like maybe just four of us. Um But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you know, I'm kind of over it now, like it's kind of ironic that I worked in the healthcare industry, but it's like, I don't want to do this anymore. I kind of want to just live life like I'm not
SPEAKER_L: man, it's like, it's like one of the things that were like, no one really wants to, like it's tough, it's like a tough thing to just like continuously, like approach it in a way where you can live life and also like coexist with this like looming thing just constantly there. It's like at one point just say screw it. Like whatever man, like yeah, mortality rates super low. Uh whatever. I have a healthy immune system. I'm not like, you know, compromise, but I don't know. I think that to me, if we like have a more, if we have a mindset, we have a more team oriented mindset, like if we all do our part and we start seeing the results actually take shape like manifests itself, then I think at that point will be more encouraged to actually like follow the gun to actually do these things because I mean, I don't know, like, yeah, it could work in other countries and we're seeing it, but like, let's just like, people don't really have a good concept of things unless it's actually occurring in their lives or they have like a sort of like a personal relatable experience with it. So like unless they see it in like their state or the county or something like that and they're not like, oh, you know, like it's not real, whatever like whatever. I mean, some people are very stubborn to that but um it's
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: always
SPEAKER_R: be responsible
SPEAKER_L: good for me. Yeah it was with at least try just just do your part, do something, don't like just dismiss it, you know what I'm saying? Like be aware of it, be aware of what it's doing and don't let it go, let him beat you, you know, and just be responsible while these things like you said.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You're like the poster child like moving across country to like follow your dream, you know, that's really refreshing to hear because like a lot of my friends and colleagues are like, I'm scared to go anywhere. I'm like you should still live your life, but you know like where mass, you know, adhere to social distance guidelines. You know, if you know someone who's older who has compromised immune systems, like don't go near them, quarantining after you travel like to be responsible and you know, I think that's what people forget, it's either one extreme or the other. I have to find that balance and you know, I'm trying to live life, you know, I wanna, it's summertime. I want
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: to like see my friends, but you know, of course I have to social social distance, do all that gets uh
SPEAKER_L: Let
SPEAKER_R: how
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: do you
SPEAKER_L: ask
SPEAKER_R: say?
SPEAKER_L: if you don't mind. I'm sorry. Well what what is your role in the health care industry?
SPEAKER_R: sure. I'm a senior project manager at one of the hospitals in new york city. So when the pandemic it, that was probably one of the hardest things I've ever done in my career. So I was project leading the covid preparedness initiative in my my hospital. And
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: considering that we've never done this before, it's kind of like, you know, like manage all that. Like make sure like we we redeploy the right people, make sure we close, you know, certain sites and you know, working closely with the department heads and like trying to like give them some sanity because everyone's freaking out. Like I remember like in february March, everyone's like chris I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do. I'm like well you know like you have to do your job include come because people are looking to you to take your um it's got a lot easier since, but like just I'm looking back, it's like wow, like this was a really hard job. Like I remember like a D. P. Of like an affiliated organization called me up and she's like tell me what to do, what do I need to do, like that's not that's above my pay grade, like I can't tell you what to do.
SPEAKER_L: That's crazy. That's crazy,
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, it's
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: been
SPEAKER_L: just thinking like it
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: starts really from the top down like America just did not have a plan for this. They knew it was coming and they just were not prepared. Uh We could obviously you know go to certain reasons as to why but the whole it starts from the top down if we don't have resources saying okay let's focus on these things. So that way we can prevent it and we can kind of start like you know mitigating going forward. Yeah my question now are you would be like there's a lot of dividing um things that are occurring in terms of like people having arguments for you know send things obviously there's their studies obviously there's research done behind mass behind social distancing all these things. Um But I I guess what I'm trying to say is professional people in the professional healthcare field have different insights that most people would Either based on experience or based off just data that you guys are you know reading or going over every day. So what is one uh particular bit of information that uh you seem to maybe want to stress or maybe value that maybe some people are not really like going over maybe just kind of um maybe there's a certain part of an argument that they're really like hinging on and it's obvious to you and to your experiences, your data that though that's not the case, this is like really, what's going on? Does that make sense? Sorry, was that got a huge question I guess I guess very very short. It's like what are
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: you, what
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: are you seeing
SPEAKER_R: information
SPEAKER_L: that people
SPEAKER_R: am
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: nasty?
SPEAKER_R: approve you to write when information attribute to being in health care and working closely with senior leadership. Um I think it's the whole thing about the surge because a lot of people like in new york or like things are getting better, you know it's okay, let's let's lax on adhering to social distancing guidelines and wearing a mess and you know just being out there, it's like studies are showing that it's going to get a little bad in the ball and you know like with labor day going to be happening when the next two weeks people are gonna get together like I actually like went around some parts like people are just congregated, congregating and like what is going on like again I don't think it's gonna be that bad, like a lot of our clinicians are are you know hoping for the best but you know we we are trying to prepare you know like if people are gonna be hospitalized, I think there are a lot more cases out there um people
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: positive cases in new york city that we just don't know about because like, you know, a lot of people were like in Fire Island and they came back to the city. I think what's happening is that these people were helping enough to be able to quarantine, you know, like not have any severe symptoms where they had to be hospitalized because that's how we're kind of measuring, you know, like how bad covid is in the city depending on how many hospitalizations and you know, the capacity we have in our admitting rooms. Um So I'm kind of hoping that's going to continue if more people get Covid. I feel like it's the people who are not going to show symptoms and the people who do have compromised immune systems, I think these are the people who shouldn't be going out, who she should be avoiding, People who are going out. You know, like, you know, speaking for my parents, like who live in California, you know, I think they're they're being good. Like they're only seeing family, like they're hardly going out and you know, I think they're wearing masks, anything, hearing social distancing, distancing guidelines. Uh I think that answers the question, right? I think what I'm privy to. Um but
SPEAKER_L: definitely.
SPEAKER_R: I think, I think that's it, as of right now. Um Who knows
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: what's
SPEAKER_L: guess
SPEAKER_R: gonna
SPEAKER_L: in under
SPEAKER_R: hold?
SPEAKER_L: and a big underestimation of seeing the covid hasn't actually like stuff that
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: hasn't actually like stop, that's it's
SPEAKER_R: absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: still there's a search actually that that was used to me. I actually not know that there's actually a prediction saying that it's going to surge up and fall. Um That was
SPEAKER_R: Everyone
SPEAKER_L: crazy.
SPEAKER_R: everyone saying it's not gonna be that bad, but you know, like, you always want to expect the worst, right? You know, over the best. But that's what I'm hearing. So, I mean, I just hope it really gets better because things are not going to truly get better until a vaccine is going to
SPEAKER_L: agreed.
SPEAKER_R: happen. I don't know when the vaccine is gonna happened, that's gonna be rolling out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. A lot of clinical trials will probably have to take place before um, that that occurs, but I don't know, I have predictions that usually it's like wasn't the last big vaccine didn't take like a year and some odd months or something for it to come out. I'm not, I'm don't call me on that, I think based off memory, but there was something on the lines of like a year or so. I was just like, maybe we're, we are looking like a year or something in terms of recovery for this. Um, but hopefully things have been brought to light or um, I guess a lot of the flaws of the system of healthcare and us hopefully has been brought to light and hopefully going forward um there can be something done about that because we shouldn't be able to we shouldn't suffer this anymore going forward and also we should not be hit as hard as we did through covid going forward. Like if we if if the top dogs really care about the money in the economy and all this crap right, then come on, like let's put the money into issues where it needs to go in the health care department and see and start seeing some some actual change for that way. Hey, you know, you're too busy about getting your pockets or do something about health, you don't do something about that. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: And also like thinking about like the illegal immigrants, you know, like they were hard the most because like they live in like two bedroom apartment with like 10 people and you know like they don't have healthcare, you know, they're getting really sick and their jobs are usually typically in the service industry and like they're not getting the benefits like from the stimulus or anything because they don't qualify for it. And you know, I feel like there needs to be focused on that as well, the people who need it the most and I don't know the system is like shit right now and you know, I really hope it gets better. Like I don't know how you feel about the whole Kamala Harris like being Kamala Harris.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, you know what, I don't know too much about her, I know she was against like a very big trends uh something about she didn't want trans people to get help or something may be amiss cold, but I was very offended by that um that's really ridiculous. Um and again I hadn't really formulated an opinion behind her because I haven't really read too much about her now in terms of candidacy though, I see a clear difference in my eyes in
SPEAKER_R: Plan.
SPEAKER_L: terms of nominee in terms of primary dominator. Um But Kamala Harris, I don't really know too much about her um Now whatever her stance and her politics are um hopefully she can change her viewpoint on on transgender rights and and people who who who should be viewed as equals. I think that's a that's a that's huge. I don't I don't see why that should be an issue, but I hope hopefully she could change her stance on that for me to be more supportive for her. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think a lot of her stances, they conflict with each other because she said something in the past and now she's like now that she's
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: aligning with Biden, she's
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: like taking it back, have you ever seen the Hunger Games? The movie?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I have.
SPEAKER_R: Remember Julianne moore's character where she's like that rebels their leader? Like I I make jokes like that's gonna be Kamala Harris,
SPEAKER_L: Ha
SPEAKER_R: she's
SPEAKER_L: ha ha.
SPEAKER_R: she's gonna try to take over you know the presidency and you know like they're saying that she's ambitious and power hungry and
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: you know like more power to her but at the same time it's like is she is she gonna put her needs before the people of the american people and that's a little concerning because she she's a she was a prosecutor, you know, she's going to be very hard on the legal system and like I'm worried that she's gonna, you know, I don't know what people like who are minorities who are she's going to look the other way. You know, like to benefit people who have money like for people who own for profit prisons. I'm going about there are like a you know, I know this sounds like it's
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: all conspiracy theories but like in reading up on her like the limited information I have of her like I just don't know how I feel about this and I'm with slow joe. I
SPEAKER_L: slow gel. I
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: wasn't
SPEAKER_R: even know like
SPEAKER_L: there's no there's no real candidate that one could say I 100% back up, you know, like given the fact that obviously every candidate has always had their shadiness behind them, I think, I don't know, there's no clear runaway that says okay, like, you know what, maybe I disagree with their points or whatever, but ultimately like I can see myself then like I can't do it, I can't say that about anybody right now. Um So it's it's tough is like the fact that we're the fact that the american people have to come to this right now. It's sad, it's sad. It's just sad especially in a time of fandom especially the time of my lead. You know who I really like but who I haven't read too much of her policies, her
SPEAKER_R: Elizabeth
SPEAKER_L: her like will
SPEAKER_R: Warren.
SPEAKER_L: it hurt? No I like Ocasio like Ocasio from new york but maybe.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. L C.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah I like her, I like her fire. I like I like where she's coming from but I again I hadn't read too much on her like her like actual policies and what she like Dean's um acceptable. Um I know she's considered to be a little bit too far left. Um But I'm not one of those to think that
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: like oh yeah you're gonna like go left but you're gonna be like a communist. No no no no no no like that's literally like I don't know people think that oh yeah your left or your communist or your right or your fascist. No, like there's
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: no black and white, there's just great really, you know?
SPEAKER_R: I I feel like in order to be successful in politics, like you have to have moderate view. It's like being at work. You know like you have to put that facade where you're
SPEAKER_L: Want
SPEAKER_R: calm, relaxed, you know, your collaborative, you get along with everybody, but like you can never I hate to say this, but like sometimes you can't really show your show your true colors because you know, you need to get backing from people in order to get your agenda through and there are things that I'm not going to agree with all their views, but
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: that's that's the name of the game for politics. You know, you have to get unfortunately you have to have that facade. You have to have that like stone face of like yeah, I am like trying to be as modern as like as kind of in the middle ground with my tone and my presentation as possible.
SPEAKER_R: well that's what the IOC's issue is that she wears her heart on her sleeve or or maybe that's what she wants us to believe. I don't know, but it's sometimes it's very intense. Like, you know, I watched her videos and I think she gets a little too emotional, I think I think she she brings up a lot of great points and she's very refreshing to see, you know, the political scene, but the same time, I think when she gets as she gets more experience and she gets older, you know, I think she's going to look back and be like, you know, maybe I need to change my approach and how I'm going to win viewers or how I'm going to win more people backing me up because that's going to be important, she's going to move up in her career,
SPEAKER_L: definitely, definitely. And to get that support from like different people as well. Yeah. Right. Oh
SPEAKER_R: But I don't know, I'm kind of excited to see like the debates, you know, like
SPEAKER_L: man, I think we're all going to be holding our breaths like the night before, we're all just gonna be like uh it's going to be a very interesting time in our lives really, A lot of people are saying this is going to be the most important election of our lives so far, you know, and I would agree, I would agree this is uh this big, this is huge, this is uh Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I can't
SPEAKER_L: man, this
SPEAKER_R: over
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: four years.
SPEAKER_L: dude, I cannot, I cannot even to my mom, like it's gotten to this point, but like, I don't know, like you may say I'm extreme, but I'm like, I'm I'm I'm very much the way I think about like me in the context of my life is if I do not, like if I did not stick to my values or stick to what I think is like right in my world, that I am letting not only myself down, but even those who I love, who oppose me down, see that. So like,
SPEAKER_R: Part
SPEAKER_L: there are extremes yes, but like I've contemplated literally telling because my whole, like, my whole family, they're all like, trump supporters. Pretty much
SPEAKER_R: fuck
SPEAKER_L: like my mom, my mom isn't a hardcore trump supporters. My dad isn't a heart, they're not hardcore, but they are supporters. Other people in my family are kind of hard core. Um but I was thinking I'm like, maybe I know what, like I almost have like this, like, like I just want to tell my mom mom like this is very important not to me to you, but to everyone. And like, if you're going to cast his vote, just know that like, one, I'll be disappointed in two. I may not talk to you for like, the next four years. That's extreme. Alright, I get it. But like, man, like if I have to see if I have to bluff that you have to bluff that to get her to change your mind and so be it because this is what it takes. Like get this country like in a different direction, so be it man. Because I'm all about like I'm all
SPEAKER_R: About
SPEAKER_L: about getting this man office like anything, anything possible like right now with the whole voting crab with the USPS that that literally has almost broke. Like that is to me breaking the straw. If you're, if you're still in the white house after elections get good results, I am called like I am, I'm a very peaceful person and I'm always about peaceful protests but at that point I would see violence as being justified. Like I
SPEAKER_R: It's a
SPEAKER_L: would
SPEAKER_R: process
SPEAKER_L: justify
SPEAKER_R: that,
SPEAKER_L: violence in getting this man out of the office. Like that has to be like miles of people storming the white house and people dying then so big because that's how that's how shit in history got done. Like I'm sorry, I'm sorry
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: you how
SPEAKER_R: he's doing is anti
SPEAKER_L: do you
SPEAKER_R: anti american, anti freedom, you know, So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like at that point like yeah the next american revolution bring it on like I don't care like.
SPEAKER_R: So John Jonathan, I think we hit 25 minutes, but this is a, this is like actually one of my best conversations, so I really enjoyed talking to you. So
SPEAKER_L: same
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: here
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: same
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: here
SPEAKER_R: much
SPEAKER_L: it's been it's been a pleasure your name one more time
SPEAKER_R: chris.
SPEAKER_L: chris chris I'm Jonathan mann. It's been it's been an honor man. It's been a great pleasure.
SPEAKER_R: You know and be safe out
SPEAKER_L: Stay
SPEAKER_R: there and good
SPEAKER_L: here.
SPEAKER_R: luck with everything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah for sure may you be safe you'll be saving. Thank you so much for all your hard work dude like really and I know you you you got to see it all the time but I just want to let you know from the bottom of my soul dude like thank you so much for like putting strong and being brave for all these people so thank you
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: man
SPEAKER_R: appreciate it. Thanks to have a good one.
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: me
SPEAKER_R: later.
SPEAKER_L: to man
SPEAKER_R: Bye!