well, don't black cowboy has Excuse me, cowgirl hands, heart cheering up now. The cherry on top. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. It's critical the cherry on top bringing in the entire world. Yeah. Mm Yeah, enjoying the start. Just like you can fuck up. Uh huh. I've seen google fuck up so many times. There aren't any video. Okay. Uh huh. Uh huh. No. Yeah, I'm turning my badge and it's been a good run. Your car. Yeah, Not, but no point. Right. Thank you. Thank you for everything other things. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. To the finance course. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Oh yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. So these guys have played each other so much the Pacers in the heat. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. You're Yeah. Right. What? Okay. Mhm Oh, all right,
tired.
Bye. No. Yeah, Yeah.
Oh, yes. Oh, one second. Can you hear me? All Right? 1 2nd.
Hey, how's it going?
I'm sorry. I was like in the middle of like a chat and like watching basketball the same time like so much stuff happening. But yeah. Hey
I mean
um so my team is playing today. I'm actually a Miami Heat fans. Um Yeah I've just been watching like NBA basketball seeing how that's going. Um But yeah since the bubble. Well they call it the bubble, they just restarted the NBA season like a couple of weeks ago and two I think yesterday was like the first day the playoffs. So like now it's like getting real so just been watching that and I was like talking my friend about it. So yeah
I'm kind of glad you joined man. This is like my third or fourth time having like link up with someone on this survey and it's never never actually happened. But yeah.
yeah so like I would just kind of you know poppin wait a couple of minutes. Things like 5 10 minutes and then we would show up. Um But I have done one conversation with someone before. Just one though with the female from call. It was it was SAn Diego and which is you know we're just going over the whole thing. Is this your first time doing this um
this
conversation?
I think
it happened.
Yeah. Yeah it is it is it's just I don't know sometimes I think it happened to me because I missed my first one of my second one of them like they kind of just like I don't put me in whatever they did but it's all good it's all good. Um Alright so brief introduction so right now we're supposed to be just talking for like 25 minutes. Right okay.
Yes correct. Um I'm emerged. I was originally born in cuba my name is Jonathan. Um I went uh was basically
admitted
to the U.
S. As of when I was four years old through my dad because there's a thing called the universal lottery where like the U. S. Hands out um Visas across the world to different countries
And my dad luckily he won and it's a really low chance for you to actually win the when it's like a one and 50,000 chance. So luckily yeah that happened and we you know emigrated from Cuba, my dad, my mom, my brother and myself. Um and we've been in Miami for about you know 1817 years. And from there I went to us up northern florida. Um And I studied uh many things, I changed majors here and there everyone from a chemical engineer into like chemistry, psychology. Um And then I ended up graduating in spanish. I've been at that point I just worked there for a little bit, Came back down to Miami and see my folks, my folks moved over to North Port which is like the west side of florida and then I spent time
with them for like
month
and then now I'm
actually
in Washington. Um And so yeah well Tacoma Washington um Yeah
I decided to make a move over here just to kind of pursue the tech industry um Getting into tech now, getting into coding and learning all these things right now so that's kind of where I'm at right now with life and recently just staying at an Airbnb which I luckily found and it's great I mean the hostess here is amazing, she's um first generation chinese born and raised and then she came here like
a couple a couple years ago, well actually
more than a couple years ago. But um yeah, it's, it's a whole learning experience over here. It's been pretty cool. Okay.
my plan is to be here for a while and so I could go ahead and land a job preferably again with the tech industry right now. I'm just kind of building my portfolio, building my project to kind of have something to put on paper and resume and hopefully once this covid thing kind of slides through, I'll have an opportunity to, you know, to get hired or something along the lines of that. So um yeah, that's the goal so far. It's been great. I can't really complain, Washington has been more and amazing. I mean they tell you it's beautiful but you know, it's true like, you know, you come here it's it's well now that I have this summer, it's beautiful right? Because people are like, I went to wait till like you know the rainy season heads and it's drizzling all day every day but it's real nice. I mean the weather here can complain, the greenery shrubbery is is amazing, it's beautiful. Um People real nice. Real nice.
So
your
feet.
Yeah, that's
word.
What?
No.
Dude.
Yeah man, I mean
you saw I mean you were there first hand when they like kind of erupted in new york I would assume right. Yeah.
yeah, that's tough. Um I've been to new york what what part of your heart
nice. Have a buddy who's there right now, he works for the times you watch the new york times and it's pretty cool. Yeah.
So
so florida wasn't one of like the main hotspots to start with, it was just kind of ramping up to begin with um Seattle Washington. Yeah, this area was apparently when it first started, but um I transitioned out of florida, beginning of june, so at that point florida was actually just starting to like hit the fritz like a couple weeks later, that's when like record high cases started coming in, and I was like oh my god, let me just left right on time. So, so yeah, so that happened and then um I mean, you know, I was two, I was skeptical about my whole move from the beginning, I was like why am I even doing this? Why am I even traveling like during covid, like this is this is not the best time to do any of this right now, but I thought to myself, you know what, like right now, in the case you seem a little bit more stable, I'm obviously gonna be quarantining, I'm gonna be taking critical precautions and um I really can't, like I can't put a pause on like my goals and things I want to accomplish, right?
So
I want to make sure I carry that through in the most socially responsible way possible, so that way
I'm not affecting other
people negatively and that's kind of what I'm what I did. I, you know, I stayed quarantine for a while, I was by myself in an apartment studio, um never leaving and doing all the, you know, requirement and stuff while also trying to experience, you know, as much as I could in Washington. Um and I don't know, I I'm in love with the state so far, it hasn't changed, so we'll see how it goes uh in the next couple of months. Um But new york man, new york is great, it's a crazy place, I actually, I'm like dreamt about living in New York as a kid or like growing up and then as I as I've gotten older I'm just like zero York is a nice place to visit and you know, experience and have some time. But man, you guys are crazy, you guys are crazy living there.
No,
So
they're
saying,
that's right, that's right.
How
are how are the like I guess how are they having curfews over there? They haven't like you can't go out at a certain time etcetera etcetera, are they implementing that?
I was just asking because I know in florida they have like a whole like county wide
curfew. I believe it's from like nine PM to like five a.m. In the morning, Like you cannot be out of Yeah, that's and I don't know how later walmart stays open, but the Walmarts I've seen only stay open to like eight o'clock. 8 30 Salamah.
Yeah.
man, it's like, it's like one of the things that were like, no one really wants to, like it's tough, it's like a tough thing to just like continuously, like approach it in a way where you can live life and also like coexist with this like looming thing just constantly there. It's like at one point just say screw it. Like whatever man, like yeah, mortality rates super low. Uh whatever. I have a healthy immune system. I'm not like, you know, compromise, but I don't know. I think that to me, if we like have a more, if we have a mindset, we have a more team oriented mindset, like if we all do our part and we start seeing the results actually take shape like manifests itself, then I think at that point will be more encouraged to actually like follow the gun to actually do these things because I mean, I don't know, like, yeah, it could work in other countries and we're seeing it, but like, let's just like, people don't really have a good concept of things unless it's actually occurring in their lives or they have like a sort of like a personal relatable experience with it. So like unless they see it in like their state or the county or something like that and they're not like, oh, you know, like it's not real, whatever like whatever. I mean, some people are very stubborn to that but um it's
always
good for me. Yeah it was with at least try just just do your part, do something, don't like just dismiss it, you know what I'm saying? Like be aware of it, be aware of what it's doing and don't let it go, let him beat you, you know, and just be responsible while these things like you said.
No.
Let
me
ask
if you don't mind. I'm sorry. Well what what is your role in the health care industry?
No.
That's crazy. That's crazy,
I'm
just thinking like it
starts really from the top down like America just did not have a plan for this. They knew it was coming and they just were not prepared. Uh We could obviously you know go to certain reasons as to why but the whole it starts from the top down if we don't have resources saying okay let's focus on these things. So that way we can prevent it and we can kind of start like you know mitigating going forward. Yeah my question now are you would be like there's a lot of dividing um things that are occurring in terms of like people having arguments for you know send things obviously there's their studies obviously there's research done behind mass behind social distancing all these things. Um But I I guess what I'm trying to say is professional people in the professional healthcare field have different insights that most people would Either based on experience or based off just data that you guys are you know reading or going over every day. So what is one uh particular bit of information that uh you seem to maybe want to stress or maybe value that maybe some people are not really like going over maybe just kind of um maybe there's a certain part of an argument that they're really like hinging on and it's obvious to you and to your experiences, your data that though that's not the case, this is like really, what's going on? Does that make sense? Sorry, was that got a huge question I guess I guess very very short. It's like what are
you, what
are you seeing
that people
are
nasty?
what?
definitely.
I
guess
in under
and a big underestimation of seeing the covid hasn't actually like stuff that
hasn't actually like stop, that's it's
still there's a search actually that that was used to me. I actually not know that there's actually a prediction saying that it's going to surge up and fall. Um That was
crazy.
agreed.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. A lot of clinical trials will probably have to take place before um, that that occurs, but I don't know, I have predictions that usually it's like wasn't the last big vaccine didn't take like a year and some odd months or something for it to come out. I'm not, I'm don't call me on that, I think based off memory, but there was something on the lines of like a year or so. I was just like, maybe we're, we are looking like a year or something in terms of recovery for this. Um, but hopefully things have been brought to light or um, I guess a lot of the flaws of the system of healthcare and us hopefully has been brought to light and hopefully going forward um there can be something done about that because we shouldn't be able to we shouldn't suffer this anymore going forward and also we should not be hit as hard as we did through covid going forward. Like if we if if the top dogs really care about the money in the economy and all this crap right, then come on, like let's put the money into issues where it needs to go in the health care department and see and start seeing some some actual change for that way. Hey, you know, you're too busy about getting your pockets or do something about health, you don't do something about that. Yes.
I don't know, you know what, I don't know too much about her, I know she was against like a very big trends uh something about she didn't want trans people to get help or something may be amiss cold, but I was very offended by that um that's really ridiculous. Um and again I hadn't really formulated an opinion behind her because I haven't really read too much about her now in terms of candidacy though, I see a clear difference in my eyes in
terms of nominee in terms of primary dominator. Um But Kamala Harris, I don't really know too much about her um Now whatever her stance and her politics are um hopefully she can change her viewpoint on on transgender rights and and people who who who should be viewed as equals. I think that's a that's a that's huge. I don't I don't see why that should be an issue, but I hope hopefully she could change her stance on that for me to be more supportive for her. Yeah.
No,
what?
Yeah. Yeah, I have.
Ha
ha ha.
True.
No,
slow gel. I
wasn't
there's no there's no real candidate that one could say I 100% back up, you know, like given the fact that obviously every candidate has always had their shadiness behind them, I think, I don't know, there's no clear runaway that says okay, like, you know what, maybe I disagree with their points or whatever, but ultimately like I can see myself then like I can't do it, I can't say that about anybody right now. Um So it's it's tough is like the fact that we're the fact that the american people have to come to this right now. It's sad, it's sad. It's just sad especially in a time of fandom especially the time of my lead. You know who I really like but who I haven't read too much of her policies, her
her like will
it hurt? No I like Ocasio like Ocasio from new york but maybe.
Yeah. Yeah I like her, I like her fire. I like I like where she's coming from but I again I hadn't read too much on her like her like actual policies and what she like Dean's um acceptable. Um I know she's considered to be a little bit too far left. Um But I'm not one of those to think that
like oh yeah you're gonna like go left but you're gonna be like a communist. No no no no no no like that's literally like I don't know people think that oh yeah your left or your communist or your right or your fascist. No, like there's
no black and white, there's just great really, you know?
Want
And
that's that's the name of the game for politics. You know, you have to get unfortunately you have to have that facade. You have to have that like stone face of like yeah, I am like trying to be as modern as like as kind of in the middle ground with my tone and my presentation as possible.
definitely, definitely. And to get that support from like different people as well. Yeah. Right. Oh
man, I think we're all going to be holding our breaths like the night before, we're all just gonna be like uh it's going to be a very interesting time in our lives really, A lot of people are saying this is going to be the most important election of our lives so far, you know, and I would agree, I would agree this is uh this big, this is huge, this is uh Yeah,
man, this
is
dude, I cannot, I cannot even to my mom, like it's gotten to this point, but like, I don't know, like you may say I'm extreme, but I'm like, I'm I'm I'm very much the way I think about like me in the context of my life is if I do not, like if I did not stick to my values or stick to what I think is like right in my world, that I am letting not only myself down, but even those who I love, who oppose me down, see that. So like,
there are extremes yes, but like I've contemplated literally telling because my whole, like, my whole family, they're all like, trump supporters. Pretty much
like my mom, my mom isn't a hardcore trump supporters. My dad isn't a heart, they're not hardcore, but they are supporters. Other people in my family are kind of hard core. Um but I was thinking I'm like, maybe I know what, like I almost have like this, like, like I just want to tell my mom mom like this is very important not to me to you, but to everyone. And like, if you're going to cast his vote, just know that like, one, I'll be disappointed in two. I may not talk to you for like, the next four years. That's extreme. Alright, I get it. But like, man, like if I have to see if I have to bluff that you have to bluff that to get her to change your mind and so be it because this is what it takes. Like get this country like in a different direction, so be it man. Because I'm all about like I'm all
about getting this man office like anything, anything possible like right now with the whole voting crab with the USPS that that literally has almost broke. Like that is to me breaking the straw. If you're, if you're still in the white house after elections get good results, I am called like I am, I'm a very peaceful person and I'm always about peaceful protests but at that point I would see violence as being justified. Like I
would
justify
violence in getting this man out of the office. Like that has to be like miles of people storming the white house and people dying then so big because that's how that's how shit in history got done. Like I'm sorry, I'm sorry
like
you how
do you
Yeah like at that point like yeah the next american revolution bring it on like I don't care like.
same
here
same
here
it's been it's been a pleasure your name one more time
chris chris I'm Jonathan mann. It's been it's been an honor man. It's been a great pleasure.
Stay
here.
Yeah for sure may you be safe you'll be saving. Thank you so much for all your hard work dude like really and I know you you you got to see it all the time but I just want to let you know from the bottom of my soul dude like thank you so much for like putting strong and being brave for all these people so thank you
man
want
me
to man