there,
how is going?
can you hear me,
Today? Yeah. Mhm Good.
I'm like, what are you laughing at? Like what's going on?
Hey, what
do you like? What kind of basketball are you watching?
Nice. But
really, really like people just don't show up or what?
No,
this
is like, I think this is like my third time or four time, I don't know, I lose track, but I've
never had an issue like with people not joining, which is interesting. It's through prolific
writer.
Yeah. You're from Miami, I'm assuming. Right,
What
the
what?
I mhm
Time
with the
blood.
The
fact
okay.
If
what
are you going to be there for a while or just temporarily? Yeah.
Yeah.
Seattle summers are beautiful. Like I was joking in my friend, I'm like, I'm gonna buy a house in Seattle just
for the
summer. It's because how beautiful it is, but like the rest of the year is like rainy, it's not even raining, it's like wet you're gonna bring
back. It's
like, I don't like it. But that's kind of funny
that you came from florida to Washington. I'm like the opposite, I came from California
and it moved to new york. So I've been in new york Or maybe like the last 10 years and like, I don't know, this Kobe thing is like really hitting me hard.
Crazy
as
Yeah, it was it was really bad. Uh huh.
Manhattan. Yeah.
I feel like things are slowly getting better though, like when Covid hit really hard and then the protests happened and then it's like, what is going on? New york is like, it's going to blow up. Like, I don't know if it's the same thing is happening in Washington. I know
florida is pretty much Covid. Mhm.
That's
true.
Black
thanks.
it's like nonstop, but like, I remember like going on the train like maybe two weeks ago and like not having been on the train since the pandemic it and I'm like, what am I doing? It was like, it was crowded but not too crowded, but it was kind of scary, like just people like all up on you and like, I'm gonna get Covid, I'm gonna get Covid.
But it's nice to like, no, like cases are starting to stabilize, you know, restaurants are still open just like for outside dining. Like things are slow against normal, but I work in the healthcare industry and everyone's like, there's gonna be another surge in the fall. I'm like,
I hope
it's
not a bad though. Yeah, I mean it's not gonna be as bad as it was before, but they're like there's gonna be another surge because of the labor labor day and everything,
people being
out. So
I heard like in different boroughs like queens, my friends up in a story and she's like there's a curfew like 11 PM, but like I don't hear anywhere else like in other boroughs, so it might be a girl thing,
trump won
I noticed a lot of places are closing like pretty early. Like I'm actually trying to meet up with some friends this weekend to go to like a bar and like they're like, can I can I invite some people like, no, let's leave it to like maybe just four of us. Um But
you know, I'm kind of over it now, like it's kind of ironic that I worked in the healthcare industry, but it's like, I don't want to do this anymore. I kind of want to just live life like I'm not
Just
be responsible
Yeah. You're like the poster child like moving across country to like follow your dream, you know, that's really refreshing to hear because like a lot of my friends and colleagues are like, I'm scared to go anywhere. I'm like you should still live your life, but you know like where mass, you know, adhere to social distance guidelines. You know, if you know someone who's older who has compromised immune systems, like don't go near them, quarantining after you travel like to be responsible and you know, I think that's what people forget, it's either one extreme or the other. I have to find that balance and you know, I'm trying to live life, you know, I wanna, it's summertime. I want
to like see my friends, but you know, of course I have to social social distance, do all that gets uh
how
do you
say?
sure. I'm a senior project manager at one of the hospitals in new york city. So when the pandemic it, that was probably one of the hardest things I've ever done in my career. So I was project leading the covid preparedness initiative in my my hospital. And
considering that we've never done this before, it's kind of like, you know, like manage all that. Like make sure like we we redeploy the right people, make sure we close, you know, certain sites and you know, working closely with the department heads and like trying to like give them some sanity because everyone's freaking out. Like I remember like in february March, everyone's like chris I don't know what to do, I don't know what to do. I'm like well you know like you have to do your job include come because people are looking to you to take your um it's got a lot easier since, but like just I'm looking back, it's like wow, like this was a really hard job. Like I remember like a D. P. Of like an affiliated organization called me up and she's like tell me what to do, what do I need to do, like that's not that's above my pay grade, like I can't tell you what to do.
But yeah, it's
been
it's
like
what
information
am
I
approve you to write when information attribute to being in health care and working closely with senior leadership. Um I think it's the whole thing about the surge because a lot of people like in new york or like things are getting better, you know it's okay, let's let's lax on adhering to social distancing guidelines and wearing a mess and you know just being out there, it's like studies are showing that it's going to get a little bad in the ball and you know like with labor day going to be happening when the next two weeks people are gonna get together like I actually like went around some parts like people are just congregated, congregating and like what is going on like again I don't think it's gonna be that bad, like a lot of our clinicians are are you know hoping for the best but you know we we are trying to prepare you know like if people are gonna be hospitalized, I think there are a lot more cases out there um people
positive cases in new york city that we just don't know about because like, you know, a lot of people were like in Fire Island and they came back to the city. I think what's happening is that these people were helping enough to be able to quarantine, you know, like not have any severe symptoms where they had to be hospitalized because that's how we're kind of measuring, you know, like how bad covid is in the city depending on how many hospitalizations and you know, the capacity we have in our admitting rooms. Um So I'm kind of hoping that's going to continue if more people get Covid. I feel like it's the people who are not going to show symptoms and the people who do have compromised immune systems, I think these are the people who shouldn't be going out, who she should be avoiding, People who are going out. You know, like, you know, speaking for my parents, like who live in California, you know, I think they're they're being good. Like they're only seeing family, like they're hardly going out and you know, I think they're wearing masks, anything, hearing social distancing, distancing guidelines. Uh I think that answers the question, right? I think what I'm privy to. Um but
I think, I think that's it, as of right now. Um Who knows
what's
gonna
hold?
But
absolutely.
Everyone
everyone saying it's not gonna be that bad, but you know, like, you always want to expect the worst, right? You know, over the best. But that's what I'm hearing. So, I mean, I just hope it really gets better because things are not going to truly get better until a vaccine is going to
happen. I don't know when the vaccine is gonna happened, that's gonna be rolling out.
And also like thinking about like the illegal immigrants, you know, like they were hard the most because like they live in like two bedroom apartment with like 10 people and you know like they don't have healthcare, you know, they're getting really sick and their jobs are usually typically in the service industry and like they're not getting the benefits like from the stimulus or anything because they don't qualify for it. And you know, I feel like there needs to be focused on that as well, the people who need it the most and I don't know the system is like shit right now and you know, I really hope it gets better. Like I don't know how you feel about the whole Kamala Harris like being Kamala Harris.
Plan.
I think a lot of her stances, they conflict with each other because she said something in the past and now she's like now that she's
aligning with Biden, she's
like taking it back, have you ever seen the Hunger Games? The movie?
Remember Julianne moore's character where she's like that rebels their leader? Like I I make jokes like that's gonna be Kamala Harris,
she's
she's gonna try to take over you know the presidency and you know like they're saying that she's ambitious and power hungry and
you know like more power to her but at the same time it's like is she is she gonna put her needs before the people of the american people and that's a little concerning because she she's a she was a prosecutor, you know, she's going to be very hard on the legal system and like I'm worried that she's gonna, you know, I don't know what people like who are minorities who are she's going to look the other way. You know, like to benefit people who have money like for people who own for profit prisons. I'm going about there are like a you know, I know this sounds like it's
all conspiracy theories but like in reading up on her like the limited information I have of her like I just don't know how I feel about this and I'm with slow joe. I
don't
even know like
Elizabeth
Warren.
yeah. L C.
That
I
I I feel like in order to be successful in politics, like you have to have moderate view. It's like being at work. You know like you have to put that facade where you're
calm, relaxed, you know, your collaborative, you get along with everybody, but like you can never I hate to say this, but like sometimes you can't really show your show your true colors because you know, you need to get backing from people in order to get your agenda through and there are things that I'm not going to agree with all their views, but
you know,
well that's what the IOC's issue is that she wears her heart on her sleeve or or maybe that's what she wants us to believe. I don't know, but it's sometimes it's very intense. Like, you know, I watched her videos and I think she gets a little too emotional, I think I think she she brings up a lot of great points and she's very refreshing to see, you know, the political scene, but the same time, I think when she gets as she gets more experience and she gets older, you know, I think she's going to look back and be like, you know, maybe I need to change my approach and how I'm going to win viewers or how I'm going to win more people backing me up because that's going to be important, she's going to move up in her career,
But I don't know, I'm kind of excited to see like the debates, you know, like
I can't
over
four years.
Part
fuck
About
It's a
process
that,
And
what
he's doing is anti
anti american, anti freedom, you know, So
So John Jonathan, I think we hit 25 minutes, but this is a, this is like actually one of my best conversations, so I really enjoyed talking to you. So
thank
you
so
much
chris.
You know and be safe out
there and good
luck with everything.
I
appreciate it. Thanks to have a good one.
So
later.
Bye!