Oh upside down. Three. Yeah. Okay. Sorry
thank you.
Hi sorry I'm
late.
I'm
good how are you?
Well yeah. Yes I'm going to be honest. I was out hiking this morning and I saw I got this note
and I started to rain. I was hiding under a tree and I said I'm not going to get back and I just walked in the door and I didn't I was wondering it on that there was a long page of instructions and I didn't have a chance to read it also so we're supposed to talk but there's no topic.
that is Oh
are you scared?
Okay. You don't have to be because
I'm quite old and harmless. So where are you
Just, oh you're okay. I'm also in Virginia.
So yes
and so are you? I'm assuming
you don't have purple hair although you could.
Okay
So have you been
have you been inside ever since this started or?
No.
Yeah. I try to go for a walk by the river every day. We're close to where I am close to a big park by a river and it's quite safe. Yeah that resigns everywhere about keeping 60 to part. And actually I prefer to go during the week because on the weekends quite honestly all the families come and they're kind of all over the place. Yeah.
Yeah. Well I always went on hikes. Um Yeah
but now of course we have more time to do that. But yeah but today where I am in Virginia it has been a rainy off and on and uh but or swim or a hike so
well you know it's
only you can only get wet so it's not it's not too bad. Uh
That's it so we're just supposed to like I said I didn't really have a chance to I just quickly scanned through that, so we're supposed to talk for 25 minutes. And Okay.
And are you
are you quarantining by yourself?
Okay. And what are you taking in college?
And so what what's, what will the fun music stuff be?
Mhm. So I'm gonna fix I'm gonna close this so I'm not completely um That's better. Maybe it's not better.
So Okay.
I'm not sure. Uh huh.
What
what year would that be? What year are you?
Have they, have they made
any announcements yet about next like the fall semester or no?
You don't think you're going back?
Is that what your peers think? Like people you go to school with, people think that
what does he work in a college at your college
that you're going to?
okay. Because I know they closed well um, CSU California state, they have said they're not going back in the fall, but most schools in texas have said they are going back. Um
I've just been looking a little bit. I have Children who are not, who are older, who have, so um but I've heard different schools have said different things. So
what do you mean you'll get in trouble? Who is
who? Yeah.
No,
I understand. Yeah, I was thinking you said you would get in trouble.
Well, I
can tell you that I went to college and I was terrible and I didn't go to, I didn't go to class a lot and I was a terrible student, but I eventually graduated and I never really got in trouble because well I pay for it, so,
so they're not paying, but they are
paying.
So what I meant is I paid for my college so I didn't get hurting myself. So
you live you live at campus, Do you live on campus or do
you live at home?
I think it makes perfect sense to go to community college. It's the smart
do, what's that?
Of course, of course. And
your degree, your degree is the same when you get it at the end. No one really cares what you
Oh yeah. Well if you don't, if you don't have to worry about the money and you're not paying for and someone else is taking care of you, then that's I wasn't so lucky. So stop.
I went to college in Canada
and that, but that was a long time ago. It was involved. I graduated in 1984 85. It was good, it was good. Um but like I told you was a terrible student, so I went as in this math to math degree, but um But
uh yeah, so I did so bad. I was in a co
op program, you know what the co op program is, where you work and you go. But I got kicked out because I was such a terrible all right, I like that. So I went to another school, I went to a different college and then I didn't like that, I was in another city and so I went back the first college I went to and then I just went straight for two years, but taking any time off just to get my degree just to get it over with Yeah. Yeah,
but like I said, that was 84 85 I graduated, I think now. So Yeah, but then Yeah.
No, me too. Uh Oh.
math is a big map is a big topic, right? You can do all kinds of different things, some things are more intuitive than others, so yeah. How long have you been doing these surveys?
And so but you how did you feel about signing up to do a video chat with someone?
Early what others?
I've heard of it?
Oh, now would you now would you do? Well?
Well, were you, so were you hoping that I wasn't going to connect because they still give you something even if I did?
Oh, thank you very much. Thank you. My wife might disagree with
you from time to time.
but
maybe you will, maybe we'll do something on em Turks. Actually I heard em Turks before and I think I read about, I don't know, I read about them like a couple of years ago, don't you sign up to do tasks
or something?
they actually pay you money money or I was wondering if they just put something in your amazon account or?
The king?
I'll have to, yeah, I don't really well, yeah, I've just been doing just, my wife was doing this, he just showed me one day and yeah, and
we were actually traveling and I know the compass company is out of the UK and we were actually in the UK when this started and we ended up flying back on March 22nd 23rd um just
as the UK was kind of closing down, so but yeah, but this has been this has been interesting,
interesting.
All right, yeah, what are we supposed to do? Like I just
Okay so when did we when we were supposed to start talking because I
know I was a
few
minutes.
Mhm. Okay. So where's the how do you where do you see the time I'm doing this on my ipad by the way? Are you on a computer
page with all the instructions?
Okay. Okay. I see. Okay.
Whereas
I
have
yeah I don't I don't know how many people are at your place now then has
anyone leaving leaving the house?
Yeah I understand. Yeah. So did you are you watching any shows on
netflix or anything?
Anna may? Yeah.
Does japanese cartoons?
Yeah. What games?
Computer games. Which ones?
Nintendo.
No.
Is that your game you shoot animals?
I have to have to look counterstrike. Is that an online game or is that a, you download, like you have it installed on your PC
theme at the engine that you can?
mm.
How late was high?
Not that you're counting, so three minutes, so let's do it, let's just do three or four more minutes if that's okay just in case. Um Yes, we've been uh well like I said almost every day I try to take a hike. Um we're really close to, were kind of central Virginia,
really close to a river here where there's a big park and I hike up and down. Um I like I started for to go weekdays in the morning, there's not so many people um every
night we watch something different on watching. Netflix series are watching or because they were traveling in the in um in the UK, so there's some some british series that we watch at night and just go through those, which has kind of been good. We had one, we had a recent zoom cocktail party which was kind of saying the good friend in in Connecticut new york and Vancouver. Um So that was good. We um
we usually get food delivered, so we don't, occasionally we'll go out to the store um but
you afraid for delivery?
Mr
we're not that we're not that they dropped the groceries off and you know we you know we we do do wipe down sometimes a little bit, we haven't been too much, but
yeah, we're
much,
no I know we miss going to, we do miss going to restaurants and things like that. Um For sure. No, we haven't been, you know, it's actually quite, yeah, takes
a long time. My parents are in Canada and my kids are kind of all over, all over my kids there in colorado and Oregon. So we just, you know, talk to family and friends and watch tv. I should read more, but I don't,
I, I want lots of conspiracy videos, you know, but I'm not crazy though. I don't believe
any of it. I
yeah. Now I like watching those because we asked when we were
traveling before we went to visit a friend. Uh, well actually my good friend's brother and he's a conspiracy guy. He thinks he thinks the world is coming to an end and he stores goal not gold silver in his house. And uh, so my friend who asked his brother how much toilet paper you can get with a piece of silver. So I don't have the answer back yet.
Right. People treat. But
no, this is
to me this is
I'm actually not. I'm actually not that concerned. I'm concerned. I don't want to get sick, but I really don't. I think it's a little bit over, by the way, I'm in health care on the administrative side, but I think that we are being a little bit, um,
I don't know.
And so, but it's better to overreact than under react I
think. But at the same time, I don't think it's as bad health wise, it's going to be a terrible thing. It's what it's pointing out is what bad shape a lot of people in the country are. That's what it's really pointing out because people, you know, like your risk factors,
you know, our weight and diabetes and and COPD and heart disease. So those are the main those are the main risk factors for this. But I know can hurt anybody. So, and I don't want to get sick.
But I'm uh
Well, no, I think that's true. But I know that people again, they're saying, oh, it's really not that bad. These doctors are all lying. Part of the issue is my background. Part of the issue is that when a hospital or a doctor does building, um they get paid based on the building. And if you go into a hospital with this condition, there's special. There's a new code for covid 19. So they're using the new they're using the code the covid 19 code because the reimbursements are higher. So um so yes, it's true that, you know whether you you you end up, well, I'm not an expert, but when you, when you end up going into hospital, you die from something like
this, You actually might die from pneumonia or or something else. But you wouldn't have had pneumonia unless you had the virus. So it's not necessarily incorrect to put that on the on the medical forties. So it's not really people say oh that's not all true. Well that's not really it actually is true. It's really done for tracking and billing purposes. So it's just like you think about it. You could have almost any condition. You don't necessarily die of of course a COPD. You die because you can't more of the same kind of thing. You can't breathe which is caused by COPD. So you know it's all it's just
kind of a game. But but yeah I hope things will get now that things will get better, Things will get better. So I'm not concerned about things like anybody right. Those are good.
I agree.
Okay. It's also too it's a lot easier to miss something that you're not allowed to do anymore. Uh huh. So, you know, so Yeah, But it's no, it's been definitely not. It's definitely interesting. Not always fun but interesting. No. All right.
I'm good. I probably am good to actually ran in the house. I was going to take a shower, but then I realized I had this
call. So, so
as we're supposed to do to close off or do we just close down the window and
I think we're I'm good. I hope everything goes well with you and good luck with your school.
It'll
all work.
Thank you.
You too nice talking
to you.
Great job. Fantastic.
No, you're not nervous. That's just me. Okay. Bye.