Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Everything. Mhm. Mhm. What? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Uh huh. Okay. Okay.
hello, you're fine. I wanted to do it.
How?
That
you're fine. How are you?
I'm
good alright sitting here thinking about geez what do we talk about?
No.
There's no topic. They just want to I guess they said they want to see how people actually start conversations and I thought that was an interesting study.
also okay, it can be kind of scary
uh It's not a little bit nervous. I'm just very I just tend to be a little anxious in general, but you know
now
um America I live in Virginia.
that's cool. Uh
Thanks.
That
purple hair? It's a bonnet protecting my hair right now, you know, we're all a little lazy at our house, is not looking at fast right now. Oh
yeah um so this is my chilling at home retire, you know? Mhm mhm
You
know I'm trying to say like you know take care of myself and stuff and I'm one of those extra careful people so I've been inside but every now and then you kind of have to you know to take a walk or something because you'll you'll go crazy if you stay inside the house for that long. So
you said you were on a hike?
So so did you go on hikes a lot before all this stuff?
Exactly
Yeah, I heard it's gonna like rain a lot, I don't know where in Virginia but where I am, I heard it's gonna like be very very stormy and stuff and rainy and I hope not because I would like to get out a little more to seek. Yeah,
that's
true.
Found
anything.
No, I live with my family. I'm a college student so I'm still in the house with my my family right now. My uh my mom my dad my little sister.
Um Well right now we just got out but my my major's music um and for this past um you know semester I was in my classes were music theory and english and french. I'm just getting my core stuff out of the way so I can go ahead and the uh you know the fun music stuff.
So um So I just finished doing all of my course stuff so now I'll have to do like the music theory classes and I have to take piano lessons.
That's fucking Uh huh.
All right. Yeah, I can see that. Yeah. So
So, yeah. So, yeah. So, the music classes um I have to take lessons piano lessons and stuff like that, but I don't know how we're going to do that since most of that would have to
be in person and stuff, you know?
I am a freshman. I'm about to go into my second year. Uh huh. So, yeah. Um I don't really curious how we're going to do things like lessons that you in person. Mhm.
So,
everyone's kind of freaking out. So, what they said is uh we have to sign up for classes as if but we know we're not really going back. So um They're just
I don't think so. I don't think so. I hope that all of this stuff clears up um and that we can go back. But I feel like there's gonna be a second wave of the stuff people like. Yeah, that's that's what I feel like that people won't take the chance to show up in person.
Like people, yeah, people when I go to school, I think that and my father also works in the school and they're they're behind the scenes saying that they're probably not going to come back until like the second half of the school year.
He
works at a high school, but I don't know how they will do it for college, so. Uh huh.
Mhm,
Yeah, I mean, I really don't uh it's kind of like a predicament because uh you know, if you don't go to school, you get in trouble, but at what cost to your health, would you want to go to school, you know?
like
like you know if you don't show up to school, like at least for like little kids in grade school, you know if you just you'll
get in trouble and stuff.
Well if I didn't, my parents wouldn't be happy with, you
know?
Yeah. They get paid either way
there.
Yeah, they're they're getting paid either way, the teachers, they uh
Yeah. I see. So
I'm
not on campus yet since I'm I'm at a community college right now, so um I'm just going there for two years and then I'm going to uh bigger college university.
It's
Could cost less.
And
I never really understood why people would just go straight for the university. Unless it's like I don't know something they've always wanted to do or something that's just the other choices financially smarter maybe.
um what was I gonna say, praying part?
Oh, how is it?
yeah.
Or
What?
So you did math? I am woman.
which is strange because I took my math class and I actually did well in that class. I don't if the teacher made it easy or what, but usually I do terrible.
I just started doing them like ever since we got into this uh you know, being at home and having a lot of stuff. I didn't have like a job or anything because I'm in college and that takes a lot of, so um I was just like, I would really like to have something, you know, without having to, you know, go in and do something like that, so I just started looking it up and film this sort of stuff and I thought it was, you know, that's pretty cool, all
So because because I'm like I said I'm kind of like an anxious person, I was kind of like, oh I don't know what I actually be able to get through it, or would I feel awkward and not be able to do it. So a couple of other sites, they do a bunch of like video tracks and stuff and usually I don't do it, so
is my first time doing a video chat, but I I try I don't know if you know about amazon and turk, but I use that,
yeah, I use that to and sometimes they'll have like a video chat if you're lucky to catch it. Um The bigger pay once sometimes they'll have some video chat. Uh you know things there or they have some scientific like uh group group study stuff, yeah, stuff like that. So I've always been like too nervous to do those, so I'll just like stick to the survey. Is there something like
oh yeah, I've done doing this one now and it's very my first one and it's very uh that's fine, I think it was just like the anticipation of it that I hate google's.
well I was thinking about it as I was always waiting, I was like well if he doesn't connect I'll still get something, it will connect. Well then maybe I'll get the full thing. So either way it was like a win win situation. So really all I had to be worried about was if it was like an unpleasant person or something like that, you're not a pleasant person by the way?
No,
it's just perfect. Yeah. So doing this is better. This made me less nervous about
doing.
true.
Yeah. So it's amazon working with a bunch of other companies or something. And the companies um they have like a budget um that they said that they give to workers on this website are completing tasks that a computer can't do, but it's like not enough to be done in a job. You know, they'll pay you like a couple cents if you complete this survey or bind the pictures that have this in it. You know like that when when you're starting off it's kind of slow but you know it's good it's good pocket money to have.
So if you live in the US, they can pay you directly to your bank with real money or if you choose they can just save it in amazon credits. So you can either or if you live in the in the U. S. So it's pretty pretty. It's like the king website in my opinion because there's really not not that many issues and they have a bunch of stuff. Like there's the stuff that you can do like every day.
Yeah. Of like survey was I mean, I'll do much. I only have I'm only like one like three, but that one's my favorite because you I don't have to do like face to face stuff and you can choose what you want to do and there's stuff there every day. Mhm.
Mhm.
mm.
Well,
see have we met the 25 minute? No.
they just wanted to talk, have a conversation.
Well
they
have
a they have a timer and we're at 21 minutes straight now so.
So do you still have the um survey?
You saw that open? So has that at the bottom of the page
and then I
don't
know
how you have since since you joined a little later than me but still.
No.
No since my my sister, she's high in high school so she can go here and then my mom and dad this is their house. So they just live here. So we're all just here um like all day and you can get like tiring. But
Well
so um yeah my sister, I don't know if you've heard of anime? It's kind of kiki
Like a dog. Yeah
that she likes to watch and she got me watching the show with her and I haven't been watching that lately, but she likes to watch it and because we're like board will sit and watch it together. Well that's what we're watching. I usually don't really watch tv. I'm more of like go on the internet, like games and stuff like that person. All right.
So I like to play um, I'll play it sounds bad, but I like to play shooter games sometimes and
like I like to play counterstrike. Um If you've heard of that game and I have like a switch that I don't play on.
Uh Yeah, I love Nintendo's my favorite. I don't know if you've heard of Animal crossing?
Well that's the game that I've been playing like.
Well no, no, that's that's not a shooter. Nintendo's family family company. Um So an animal crossing you have your own little town and stuff like that, villagers are animals are you? Um you're building up your own little town basically and it's supposed to be like a relaxing game. There's no end to it, you just play it whenever you have time and stuff like that. We have a lot of time I could play like. Yeah. No. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah.
Um So yeah you have it installed on your pc, I don't know if you've heard of skiing like the game? Um
So you did it on a team and I've been playing it with my my boyfriend and his friends and I not the greatest I will tell you but but it's still fun to play um and level up on it and stuff. Mhm.
Yeah. So what have you done for fun besides hiking? Oh is that, let's see how much we got. Well, I'm at 25 if you want to keep going. You can or
um you were like three minutes and I think
Even
Yeah.
Uh huh
I'm too afraid to do delivery.
Yeah, because at
least to my house. Yeah, because uh you know, having to come in contact with people and stuff like that. Mhm
like right, like I know people who have done delivery and stuff and you know, they're fine. But yeah, I haven't done it since the stuff started happening.
No,
I am craving it. I'll tell you that. Oh
Yeah.
See.
I
well they're fun to watch like I like to watch uh like you know paranormal, like stuff like that's my favorite. That's fine.
No.
I
mean I would hope for our sake, the world is not coming to an end
and
no.
Uh
Yeah. Overreacting a bit.
Hip.
Let me see.
What?
Yeah, I did see stories that it was like um the people who are getting this are like they're already sick with something else or no compromise with something else and but there if if they have it, they're saying that they passed away from that the causes that even though that might not be the case, that's what I read somewhere. I don't know if that's true.
All
It's
before, before I didn't think that I really liked to go out that much would be that social, but when this happens, it makes you realize how much you can miss it. So
me.
Yeah. Um so how do you feel you want to keep going?
And
much
uh let me check and see uh let's see what it says. You'll need to come back when you're done. We'll start to be uh when your conversation is complete or if your conversation gets interrupted, or if it cannot be completed for some reason, please return to this browser cab to continue your participation. Don't close it until you're completely finished with your conversation. So I guess we can't close it if we're ready. Hi.
Thank you.
And
I hope you stay well and healthy.
All
nice
talking to you.
Thank you. You are nice, helped me with being nervous.
All right. Bye. Bye.