Okay.
Yeah. How are
you?
Good.
I'm amy
Andy
all right. Hi have you done this before for prolific?
Oh, good for you. Yeah they say
what, you can do it like six I guess. Yeah. So.
Just this is just my second time. It the first time was just a few days ago but
Okay. Yeah but that took, that was the third try to get it. The one time someone didn't show up the next time I didn't show up because I didn't realize it had been scheduled and then then the last time. Yeah. So.
Oh wow. Yeah. What are you what time zone are you in?
Okay. Are you in the U. S. Okay. Do you have you have an accent are you from, were you born somewhere else?
that's sort of what I thought, but I wasn't sure. Yeah. Uh huh. Um Yeah. So yeah, I don't know how I messed up the second time. But then the last time I got just somebody, she had also done this many times, she's a student and she's like, yeah, I do as much of this is like, you know, she had all these other sites that she used and she was like, you should try this one and that one, but I didn't write any of them down and now I don't remember any of them.
Yeah. Are you able to work right now because of Covid or are you?
Oh, okay. Yeah. I mean,
I'm lucky that I can still work, like I work in a hospital, so I'm still working.
Yeah, but it's nice to be able to do stuff on the side just when you have time. Yeah. Yeah.
So
Yeah. Well, you know, I used to years and years ago
um there was a survey site that I did that a friend of mine did and she told me about it and and then it just sort of seemed like it fell by the wayside and then like maybe two or two years ago or so. I got an email from them again and they were like we haven't seen you in a while like yeah like 15 years you know like so yeah it was a really long time and I didn't even know the company's still existed. So I did. Um So I would do those but it seemed like they just didn't have they would send me a lot of surveys but they would screen me out right away. Um
and
like.
Exactly exactly that's yeah that and so and this that one particular that survey site in particular did that a lot and some of the screenings would be so long and it's like come on you have my basic demographics from, you know, you know, like just don't even send me something. But but then I started looking for more things like that and that's how I found prolific. And then this and so. Yeah.
Yeah. I think, I don't think I started, I want to say maybe july or august and okay, I started with them and que me is another survey site and they have a million of them, but like some of them pay three cents, you know? Um and but prolific. It's just, I think it's interesting because it's a lot of college research, you know?
Oh, nice. I didn't even think about that. Yeah.
Yeah. Oh, that's pretty cool. I mean, I didn't even recall that they asked about languages, but that would make sense because Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah. Meat, How long have you lived in the US?
they don't make it easy. Right. Like it's uh seems
Well
that seems really fast. Yeah.
Yeah, that's great, congratulations. So does that does, so does that, can you be a dual citizen citizen
with the U. S. And Germany?
Yeah.
Do you get
to go back often
or
do
they come
to
see you?
that's not good.
that's tough.
Yeah. Yeah I have, so all of my siblings live in the US but we're all spread out and but I have cousins
who about half of their family lives internationally, so I actually have two cousins in Japan and one cousin in Italy and yeah and just as Covid was starting over uh like in Japan and china and Japan, my cousin in Japan was saying you know you should come visit like me my birthday is this month, you know maybe around your birthday And she said you know flights are dropping right now cause Covid but it'll probably be better by then and you could get your, you know, look into getting your ticket now and well the tickets were nothing, you know, but then, but then you know as if we know, you know it just got worse and worse. So um I'm definitely not going anytime soon to visit but um
yeah it's pretty, pretty cool. There's
Yeah. Have you ever been able to go to Australia?
Australia someplace that I would love to see. But it's like the thought of like you know getting
there is so overwhelming.
I
yeah I don't either. I mean I've only been to, I've only been I mean I've only flown to London. Um But the whole idea of like flying over the ocean at night and it just, it's very, it's disturbing to me so.
So.
Right. Right. Yeah. It would be nice what my two sisters have two sisters that lived uh in Louisiana and you know traveling, they could never really travel to get back to see us. So with with those two we would definitely go years like what you're talking about you know without seeing them unfortunately. But um just what happens it's can be really hard to get around you know as you have commitments and everything.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah I didn't think about that. So do you have your passport already or do you? Yeah I uh well I had one when I went to London and and that was all I used it for. I had you know never traveled anywhere else and then you know of course it expired a couple of years ago. I thought well this is silly, I should just get it you know replace it just in case and and it was it was so old that I went to the post office and I said which thing do I have to fill out? You know she's like I don't know let's just doing both. Like she didn't even know because it had been expired for so long you know so but it was very simple. I mean they I thought it would take a really long time to come back.
Yeah. Exactly. Well it's the same thing. I mean not not nearly as expensive but they want your original birth certificate to and I was like are you are you sure I'm gonna get this back from the post office Like you guys are notorious for losing things you know? But she was like no no there you know and it did it all and it was it didn't even take a month. It all came.
Yeah.
So.
Right. Right. Oh I didn't think about that. Yeah you wouldn't need to. So when so this is a strange question but before you were a citizen did you have to have an international driver's license or were you licensed in the state where you lived?
Mhm. Oh what a hassle. Yeah
Okay. Yeah I think so. I've moved states three times in my adult life from I grew up in Ohio and then I moved out here to the east Coast to philadelphia. So I lived in philadelphia for a long time. And I think all I did and then now I live in New Jersey, just outside philadelphia. So I think every time I think I was able to just turn in my old license and.
Yeah. I mean Good Lord. I don't even know if I could pass over written driver's test anymore, you know?
Yeah. Yeah. It sounds like it.
yeah,
I didn't
think
of
that. Yeah.
That's
funny.
Well do you ever drink, do you drink coffee? Do you ever buy coffee out? So think about the size, is that the coffee 24 ounces is usually the largest coffee. Yeah. Sometimes if I'm just eyeballing stuff
I think.
Very good. Very good. I don't do it. Are you, do you like to cook are you a good cooker?
yeah.
Yeah. Well measuring can be a problem if you want to have a good recipe in the end. Yeah, yep.
Yeah,
I'm trying to think so, I'm picturing like a two liter of soda. Yeah that would be yeah, two of those would be more than a.
Yeah, so I have no idea, I have no concept of what temperatures are in Celsius. Like people say you know you cook it, it you know you cook something at 28 degrees Celsius and I'm like what do you like? I have no or whatever it is, I
have no concept.
Well it does sound a lot easier. Yeah,
so I was gonna say so in Fahrenheit water boils at
2
12, so the difference is 112 degrees between the two. It's
see I don't get it. Yeah.
Oh yeah so there's a whole, yeah so it's not just a simple
equation.
Got
it.
Your poor mother is very worried about you. Yes.
Yeah. That's terrible. Oh
man.
Right. Exactly. Your skin will stay on. Uh That's funny. Uh huh.
Yeah. That's good. I actually I had a very good friend that I used to work with and his parents um came to the U. S. From from Germany and she would go over there sometimes for holiday meals you know and she would uh make some recipes and I'd ask sometimes for the recipe and so but it would be she would be using a recipe in german like and so she would sometimes it would be her and my friend and her the dad would be there sometimes too, but he didn't really, and so she'd be like writing it out in english for me, but she'd say hans, what is this, you know? And my
friend and he'd be like um I think it's I think it's this an english mom and then he'd say to me, does this ingredient sound like going there? It would be, it would be like a round table, a figure of translating this recipe,
so uh usually it worked out the ones that I ended up trying always worked out, but it was pretty funny you
think
I'm going there, what do you say?
It was, it was at one time it was like a like a so actually one time her sister had mailed it was kind of like what I think of as kind of a gingerbread cake, but like it wasn't exactly that, and the sister had mailed it to my friend's mom around christmas time and we all had it and I asked her about that recipe of course my friend was like here we go, you know he's like rolling his eyes like we got to figure this out, but that was one we I've never even tried it because she had a really hard time figuring out like what all the spices would be, She said well she said I'll tell you I don't make it this that much because my sister is always the one who made it and it was always so good, so I don't even really know and then she goes to this drawer and pulls out like this 100 year old german cookbook she said but I know that it's in here and then they tried to translate it and it was just hans was like all these spices you know and he's like mom I don't know you know and then his dad would kind of argue with him about it so we wrote it down but I just never tried it but that cake was really good.
I bet. Yeah.
interesting.
Right. Exactly. Now does does your
wife
is your wife american or she drinks?
just does he speak german at all?
wow. Yeah
I think it would be neat to like learn different uh you know different words and stuff day to day but they say
it's
Yeah yeah but they say it's so much harder to as an adult that's
wow. So you're teaching german to mostly americans or? Yeah, interesting.
Yeah. Well yes so that's so my two cousins in Japan, they teach english uh I think it's I think they work at a Berlitz school um And my the cousin in in Italy she settled in Italy but she had she had lived all over the world to and she was the first one of them to sort of travel and you know internationally and live somewhere for a while and that's what she did, she would be teaching english and then they she would just go from Berlitz school to Berlitz school and um in different countries and because they would just let you transfer I guess and she could see all these different cool places you know.
So. Yeah. Yeah.
of course. Yeah. Well hopefully you'll get more that would be good. Are you doing it through a company or kind of on your own?
Okay. Yeah. Well that's good you'll hopefully get more people.
Yeah I mean maybe it just might not be very in demand right now.
Well good. Yeah, you'll probably get more, you know, I imagine um people, you know, everything with work I think is just so disrupted and people, you know, might want to learn a language if they're not doing anything else. But maybe they don't feel like they have the income to pay somebody at the moment, you know, that kind of thing. Mm hmm. Yeah.
Right. Exactly. Yeah. I think it's going to get so bad again. I don't know. You know, they say, I mean here on the East Coast, I don't really know what to expect, you know? But yeah,
Sound I mean that's what everybody is preparing
us for. So. Yeah. Well, I actually would love
to chant some more, but I have two big dogs that I need to go take for a walk right now. The one has been pacing in front of me for the last five minutes, like get up, get up. So I think I need to end it now, but it was lovely to meet you.
Yeah, very interesting to talk to you.
We do. We have 30 right now by my clock. Yeah. So
I think we're OK. Yeah. All right,
okay. Take it easy.
All