Hello?
Good,
how are you?
Can you hear me? Good. I'm
Andy
I am
Yes this is actually my fifth time.
Everything.
Okay. I have to adjust the it's a little I can't hear you very well. Oh no it's better. All right. Have you done this before?
for me. I did it on Tuesday.
Yeah it happened to me one time I I scheduled uh uh three times in a row. Nobody showed up.
Uh Central time.
Yes I am from Germany. Uh huh.
Yeah I do answer quite a few.
I'm kind of out of a job but it has nothing to do with Covid.
I
that's good.
I
never did that before. I should have done it before. Maybe when I went to had a job. I never even it never even occurred to me to do something like this.
What?
Yeah that that happens a lot on many of those survey sides that you answer questions and poof you're screened out and spend
all
the time. You get nothing.
Yeah. It's kind of odd. I found prolific actually in the winter I think I found it. I actually bookmarked it but I never I never used it and then in I think in june it's the first time I ever used it and then I thought wow this is pretty good.
is interesting. Yeah. And what is good for me actually to my advantage because I speak german as well. I get all the studies from german universities as well.
I get the german language studies uh as well.
Yeah. They do they ask you that in the demographics
since 2000 and seven and I am a citizen since last year. Thank you. Yeah.
a while. But part was my fault I could have gotten the citizenship much much sooner. But my wife and I removed and we lived in Missouri in 2000 and seven and in 2000 and 11 we moved to Indiana because of her job and we didn't know how long we will be there. So I didn't want to start it there and then eventually moved back and then it's kind of complicated. So why? So we actually did move back to Missouri
in 2014 and uh only last year because my green card was about to expire this year in december and then no last year in december. So I thought in in april I thought oh I'm gonna start doing that. No that in my application and I was lucky it only took four months from sending in the application to the oath ceremony. No.
Yeah I saw it and I read a lot about it that it takes at least half a year if not a year. I was a little bit scared if I was too late because my I didn't want to renew the green card because that's kind of expensive cost like $500. And uh applying for citizenship was only a little over 700. And so it's not that big of a difference you're trying to go for citizenship so I never have to have a green card again.
I.
Yeah I could but I would what I did not do and that's why I lost my german citizenship so I'm now only a U. S. Citizen. Nothing I would have to have to ask the german government for permission. I never did that because it took so long to do. That takes a year. You have to fill out an application, send it over there and then you can take up to a year until they tell you. Yeah it's fine or or if you don't do it you just automatically lose their german citizenship so I lost it. Yeah
my family is still over there. My parents lived there. My brother lives there. Yeah
it's
tough
business. I
used
to
you
know they have never been here except for my brother. My brother has visited the US a couple of times but he he never visited me. Uh
Uh huh. Yeah he was in florida and Louisiana but he never came to Missouri. I used to travel over there pretty much on a yearly basis but the last time I was there was in 2013 so I haven't seen them in person and in seven years. Yeah
but I talked to them on Skype or what's up or whatever.
What?
mm. Mhm.
our family kind of spread out to my, my my dad had two sisters and one sister immigrated to England and the other to Australia. So we have it's a family in England and part of it in Australia.
No, I've never been there, I've never I've not even been in England even not even when I still lived in Germany and that's really close from Germany is not that far. Okay.
But
yeah yeah that would be a long flight, it's enough for me to go
to europe to go to Germany, it's basically 10 hour flight. That's long enough, I don't like it.
I usually don't sleep very well in the in the plane so I'm already tired when I get there but
I would like to go again because I haven't been there so long now.
But I would like to experience how this goes now with the U. S. Passport. Uh Last time I traveled I still had the german passport. Well it's definitely easier when I come back to the U. S. I don't have to go uh to the immigration officer anymore,
Yeah mine was kind of hard because because this was my first time applying for one, I had to send in my original citizen certificate and they didn't want a copy. They wanted the original that theory, I don't want to lose it because it's expensive if you lose it and you need a new one, it's quite expensive.
Yeah. Mine came fast to just two weeks. I had my passport and just a couple of days later my certificate came back. Well now I put it in the bank deposit box. Uh huh.
Oh
because all I ever need to prove that I'm a citizen is my passport and I have that year.
The they I had a german driver's license but they they didn't accept it in Missouri. They made me do the american drivers license from scratch. I had to do uh the written test and the driving test. Uh huh. That and that was kind of an experience. I mean it was easy I did it but just uh what did I do it I think in 2009 and in 2000 and seven we moved to Indiana and Indiana does not recognize the driver's license for Missouri. So we so we had to do the written test again.
didn't have to do another driver test but the written test. Yeah. Crazy. So I did my driver's license basically 40 times already. One time in Germany one time mystery and one time I mean you know but what we moved back from indiana to Missouri it was no problem. They recognized the one from indiana.
Yeah that's how it usually works most of the time. Yeah.
I even yeah I got the book again and learned everything again hopes. Yeah it was kind of uh yeah hassle
and it was difficult for me anyway because I'm not used to or at that time when I first made my driver's license in Missouri I was not too familiar with miles and feed and all that. Yeah kind
of got
used
to it
now.
Good because I don't see anything else. So I got used to it now. But I still have like problems especially when it comes to measuring liquids. I'm not
I have no
I have no clue when on a soup package they say uh 24 ounces. I don't know what that is.
Actually
I bought a measuring plastic measuring thing that has on one side, it has ounces on the other side, it has leaders. So I know exactly what it
No, no, I do cook a little bit but uh I'm not a good cook, I would not say that. Uh huh.
Uh huh.
And I I kind of learned even though it's not exact gallons like one gallon is roughly four liters, but it's not exactly, it's I think it's 3.8 something. Yeah.
Well,
and the one thing I learned pretty good is the temperatures. Uh well that was kind of easy because I at the time when I moved here, I had a thing on my desktop screen that shows me the temperature, the weather. And I had said it. So it only shows the uh it shows it in Fahrenheit, so I was forced to learn it.
How much?
It's so easy. It sounds it's easy. Zero degrees is when water freezes and 100 degrees is when water cooks. It's very,
yeah, it is. But
At 212
F.
not really. If you go with lower temperatures, the differences is not 100 and 12.
for example, 86 F or 30 degrees Celsius.
It's
not even it's not simple. No, it's always
funny
when I, when I talked with my parents over there and I tell them all today we have 95 degrees my mother said wow that's almost cooking. You thought I'm talking Celsius? Uh huh.
degrees Celsius would be really hard.
Uh huh.
I mean it's even hard and far and I but not that hard.
but I got used to it. At least the temperatures that you have to deal with in your daily life, like when it's winter temperatures, summer temperatures I'm pretty familiar with what is what or I pretty much know what it is. I have no problem with that.
All
What?
it sounds like it
was
sounds like it was pretty confusing.
Oh yeah, when I first moved here I had a hard time in restaurants ordering the right stuff because I didn't know the english words for what I wanted to eat so
yeah that was kind of difficult but I learned them over time helped me a great deal actually to learn to speak fluent in english was watching tv when you're
parted with english all the time. That helps because when I first moved to you I couldn't speak fluently, I mean I was good in english in school but it was not good enough to just go and speak with people.
It
is.
No american
no okay
yeah in our household we only speak english. No
you look
few words. She learned a few words but not a whole lot.
Yeah it is. I recently started teaching german online and I had a students but uh she was 2021 or so what she's doing pretty well.
Yeah.
That's
Yeah I've just started that I only have one student and she, something has happened and she has at the moment she interrupted the lesson so I'm not teaching at the moment. That's when it was kind of nice and the next one income source.
Uh through lessons dot com
I hope so. She had written a fantastic review so I was hoping I could get some more attention to that. But so far nothing.
I signed up for that in the winter last winter. I never thought I would ever hear anything from anyone and walk in in august or september I don't I think it said no and it was in august august I she messaged me through lessons dot com and wanted to know what I charge and so on. She hired me right away after the first lesson. Yeah.
When times get back to normal maybe it will pick up a little bit.
I'm pretty certain it's going to get worse in the winter time. What
car?
decoration.
Yeah, it was very nice.
Are we do we have 25 minutes?
again?
All right.
You
know.