Hello?
You will hear me okay. Nice.
Okay. Yes, I can hear you, it's clear yeah. Alright,
starting watch I'm going pretty good. You might hear stuff in the background don't mind that.
But uh to meet you?
Oh, nice to meet you Matthew my name's you can call me cloud. Yeah
mhm
uh I'm not sure. I have central, I go by central time.
How
do
you want?
Okay. Yeah, it's also it for me. Okay,
so there's no
time difference. Okay you see
it was a lot of studying and yeah
um I just study for a test that I have um coming up this week and I also had to work on a project to project so I have to do next week as
well.
um like the projects.
okay so the project is the projects are over a human, what is it called? Human ecosystems and technological change. And then the other project is for an e learning class and then my test is over. Philosophy, Flash Logics. Yeah.
Which one?
Philosophy? I find it really interesting actually. Yeah,
I
like
all running was the symbol ization or was it the proofs part?
Oh like how people worked kind of thing or like the concepts that you have to learn or
Oh I see.
You're
in college.
Oh cool. I am a sophomore in college.
Yeah. Um Human resources development.
It's, I'm still getting through my prerequisites and just this year that you learn in class that I mentioned earlier is the first specialization class for that major so mm mm hmm I do like it. Yeah.
Oh, that's nice. Do you enjoy it?
first word.
I
see.
It's
still like uh oh, sorry about that. Um I
was
going
to say
that, that that still sounds like a lot of credits. nine I think three classes I think
I see um
Whatever, wow,
it sounds
like a
what?
I have not, well
in high school I did, but I don't think that counts, yeah
Peter
Oh is he, wow. So it's like observations
measuring it right, and then getting to the end result end,
Oh my gosh, that sounds so intense. Yeah.
All
What? Yeah, for sure.
And
the teams
or
Yes I do, yeah You said that like any class, any classes that you can take, the max number of students in each class is about 35
students.
What?
that's really small, wow,
Oh I see. Um do you have to argue greeted on participation? More in those classes or like every class? Oh yeah,
I
see,
mhm, Could I ask that an unrelated question
um what got you into prolific, like how did you find out about it and then how long have you been doing it?
Oh I see,
Is
this your first
round?
Oh, I see, wow,
well I'm usually nervous right before then and then I'm always like, please let it be a girl, because I find it easier to talk with um strangers that are girls, especially online, I've never really done that before, uh huh yeah,
um like why do I think I'm more comfortable with girls, I'm just like, if I see them, I feel like intimidated, Oh yeah, well I feel like that could be taken the wrong way, but I, but I don't mean
Mhm Yeah. Yeah Mhm
I see.
Uh huh I think
and
um I found out about it on Reddit actually. Are you familiar with? Ready? Yeah, so I saw a, a thread I believe of like a man wanting to surprise his wife with a trampoline and he was like asking how he should go about it. And somebody in the comments was mentioned prolific and they were like, you should sign up for this. And then yeah, Yeah,
and
then I
searched him about
it
come
it wasn't home page. Uh I guess it was faith though because it's working out. Yeah, it's really cool. I like doing studies and helping researchers and I find fun in doing it and I feel like it also gets me out of my comfort zone, especially something like this, it's
or
Yeah.
Oh no, not want like 25 minutes I found is actually really short.
Oh, 15 years old, but okay, that's
Yeah, time flies when you're having fun. Oh, is it? Mhm.
Oh my gosh, that's adorable. Does he?
Or she
has a name? And the breed is
my goodness,
C
C
C
pizza, I
spelled
like
that.
thankfully,
I that's all right.
You
know, it's
how
old
behaved. Oh my goodness,
that's
so
wrong.
that's cute, wow. Probably still in the sleepy days, cute.
is
CC
adopted? Oh,
that's level.
I see, I like your headset, Is it a gaming headset,
imagine?
Mhm Oh, I see, that's
ok.
Oh wait, I probably should.
I hope youll get a replacement because that sounds like it would be really Oh I thank you for oh wait no, you're back um like
uncomfortable
for that Oh I
see,
I see
hey, if it works,
I see
another vulnerable oh that was a like tiny reminder, I would write to myself before I would go to Scouts, Girl Scouts, Lashley, Boy Scouts yeah,
I want to go, is that I think a year and a half, maybe two
years ago
I wrote
that and I Yeah Yes,
there's not really a sentimental value, it's just functional, uh I honestly don't use it anymore or really look at it anymore, so you're right, that's a good reminder, I should take it down, but
yeah, it's just held
up by
some
move
for frank stepping.
Oh I feel like that's counterproductive,
boy.
Oh goodness. And then it just builds up. Uh huh you see. Uh huh,
hmm. Um I'm taking five classes at the moment.
Yes, completely online thankfully.
Yeah. Oh no, for all of your classes, for all two of your classes and labs? Oh wow.
Yeah, I feel like it would be uncomfortable.
It will fog up.
Oh, I'm just taking history before 1877 I believe. Um Finite math, The learning cost, the human ecosystems and technological changes. And what's my last class
and logic? Yeah. Yeah. Good memory. Yeah.
A finite math is like, it involves a broad range of topics uh like business math, like calculating the costs for things and then we've dealt with interest recently.
Um Not really, not really accounting. Uh I'm not sure how to describe it, but yeah,
it's pretty fun, especially learning about all of the interest formulas. Yeah. Yeah. Um
It's a lot easier to Yes.
No, no you can go.
Right, okay. Uh What was I gonna say? Oh yeah, I find it easier to like enjoy a class if I enjoy what I'm learning instead of thinking, oh I don't want to learn this because like for math it looks scary on the outside, but if you understand it and you know how to apply the formulas, I find that math is really fun. Uh huh. Yeah.
Is
he?
It was just a calculus two
or something,
Yeah, you can do it.
Mhm.
Yes. Yes. I'm a sophomore.
Oh, I applied into, I knew what major I wanted when going into college. Yeah.
So I just went with, yeah.
Um I like since high school I was developing this idea of when I grow up and I have a job, I want to have co workers or like cultivate like a, this might sound crazy, but like a family mindset between like all of the co workers like within the company and I wanted to like help businesses prosper and grow doing like the best I can and applying skills that I learned. So that's why I chose human resources development.
I think
Are
I see.
Mm. Perhaps you can make a minor out of the CS degree.
I'm glad.
well that's me. Yeah it's great.
wow you're almost there.
That's
that's awesome.
Yeah. The violence. I see.
No.
that sounds, wow.
I see.
that sounds intense but I think you can do it. Yeah. Yeah
we've got this
you think
believing
in oh that's good. Yeah.
Oh Oh you're right. Oh it's been 30 minutes I think. Has it? Isn't
that the limit?
Okay I see.
Relief.
I believe so. Yeah.
Yeah. Nice to meet you Matthew. And good luck. Yeah.
And
congratulations congratulating. Oh thank
you.
thank
you.