Hello? Hi.
Yes, yes, I can hear just fine. How about me?
How are you doing tonight?
That's fine. Right.
Nice to meet you too. My name is Matthew,
that's fine. Uh huh.
So is it so late for you or how much, how big is the diamond difference? I'm just curious.
Okay. All right. So that's not
too big
of
It's eight for me. Yeah.
Yeah. So not
at all.
So how was your weekend?
What did you have to study?
What
class, what classes are those for?
Yeah. Well, the projects and the test I guess.
that a fun subject or not? So
philosophy.
Well, that's good
because
I had to take it. I did not like it at all.
I am. I just think philosophy and journalist isn't really a subject for me. I kind of felt the same for psychology. I'm a biology major, so at least for psychology, I like the science part of it. Um But I don't know, I just didn't think it was subject for me. I thought it was kinda boring
concept. Yeah, I I guess I found more interest in, you know, I could understand how the human mind worked as far as like chemically and in that and it's anatomy and not so much um you know like consciousness or and stuff like that. I don't know, I took it as think late freshman so it's been a while.
I was
just curious. Uh
Yes I am a senior.
Thanks. What's your major?
Is that fun?
Well that's good. That's good. I've been done with my generals for a long time, been pretty much just taking nothing but science classes for my major.
Yeah I do um It's not easy sometimes but I do enjoy it.
definitely my senior year is really weird Because usually I'm so used to taking at least like 15, 15 or um 17 credit hours depending on the semester. And now I'm just taking think just nine credit hours this semester, This is the first one
that
I've taken pretty much nothing. I'm just taking
immunology.
So what
do you
say
before?
Um It's so I'm taking immunology, inorganic cam, Organics, five credit cards. And I think immunology is for um organic.
I I don't have a lab for immunology but I think I can't remember why that one's four credit hours, but that's one of the Very few classes. That's usually if I have a class in a lab it's four credit hours. three And or go is five because it's a lab that can last for like four hours Up to four hours it's slotted
sometimes it's not fun, but
it started
for
and I thought it was gonna be absolutely terrible because um I was okay with chemistry, I wasn't really too big on it, but taking it now, I actually like chemistry a lot more and um or you get to um I guess for jen for, have you taken general kIM for knowledge?
No.
well usually when you go to gym camp, you have to, you have like a strict lab that you follow. Um for organic, I write up my own so I have to read the procedure and then read the lab manual and then come up with, you know what steps I think I need to take and have a slot for observation. So that's what I write in during lab. So as long as you get to the end result of the lab it's fine. Um I remember, I think it was the second lab that you had, it was something do with boiling points, I can't remember. And um Most of the other people were wanting to play with, you know the organic chemistry sector, it's like a box that costs like $500 in glassware that you want to play with. So they were setting up, you know the stereotypical like cartoon chemistry set where it's like a round bottom beaker and a large
two. They were setting that up. All I did was a test student and hung a barometer in that test tube while I boiled my liquid and then measure the heat of the vapor. So that took me significantly this time. So it's whatever you want to do to get to that point. And as long as you're right, it's fine. So it's 12 30 to 4 30. But you don't always go that long. Uh huh.
So it's
long as you get, as long as you get your stuff right, you're finding
I was scared, I was so scared when I first went in, but it's it sounds terrifying, but it's not that bad. I like chemistry a lot more after
taking it. It doesn't help that nearly every story you hear about organic chemistry is terrible,
your main
aim
before, and I am actually um so I go to a pretty small school, I don't have th my class sizes are, They get to max like 35, so it's a really small campus. So I actually get to I like that because I actually get to know the professor and you know, they actually remember your name,
I guess you go to a bigger college
before,
covid it usually went to 35 to 40 and it didn't
use it, it doesn't usually even get that big, so um there's Like Zoology and Botany, those were the biggest classes that I had, those were like 40, max, but that's a general requirement class, so, And you had people who weren't science majors taking that class, but now I have usually, it's like 25, 30 people in my class. so it's significantly lower.
but it's really nice, you actually get to, I like all my professors and I actually know them and get to talk to them outside of class and they actually have time for you. You know, I haven't, I spent most of my life in a small town of like 2000 people. so I'm used to that kind of, yeah, I know, I'm used to that kind of one on one interaction with people who actually know who you are. I have no idea how it's like in bigger colleges.
The science professors don't really care for when I when I took my non science, my my stuff from my general stuff most of the time. Yeah, you were graded on participation because it was actually possible the great students on that, but now not so much,
it just
kind of dependent on the professor if they wanted to actually pay attention to that or not
sure you can ask whatever you want.
Um How did I get into it? I don't remember. Um I think someone else told me about it and I figured, you know, why not? So I started it and it's just, you know, whenever something pops up, it's easy just go in and do something. Not that big a deal. This was the, probably the biggest thing I've done is talking to a stranger
off
of it. Usually
it's,
this is my second one actually.
So the first time I was extremely nervous, I'm a little better now because it's not as bad as I thought it was going to be, which hopefully you feel the same way unless this is just terrible.
do you think that is just curious?
No, I'm just curious.
It wasn't digging the wrong way and just curious because usually for me gender doesn't matter. But um it kind of depends, I don't know why it sucks sometimes, but usually depending on the person I'm either really shy and have no idea what to talk about or I'm okay ish. But that's usually the best
I got.
It just kind of depends.
How did you get into a prolific
That's
the most
random
thread.
That's
so weird. Why?
this this is this
really gets me out of my comfort zone. Mhm.
That's why I'm so scared for the first one, but it's not as bad as I thought it was gonna be. I don't know, I am With the first person, we were both kind of feeling the same way of, we were expecting to just kind of sit here for 25 minutes like so as the weather. Oh good. Uh huh.
Yeah, we Yeah, I was surprised I didn't even notice 25 minutes of past, I figured it was gonna be agonizing. But even now I haven't noticed 15, it's gone by.
but I think that's always nice when you don't realize how how much time has gone by.
I have achieved.
I
know.
C c
I
have
no idea what
breaching is.
is
it
ce
ce I don't know how cc's pizza is. It's
I guess it's
okay whatever. I know now she's
mad
at me I woke her up but oh well
I
know
mm. Oh she's she is very spoiled. Let me get a more on camera. Huh? And if you
do
scratch your neck
she will help you. Um Yeah
how she naps
too
much
actually we got her hunt. She had been must have been like a couple weeks old when we got her so it's been a long time. I don't remember how old exactly she is now but she still acts like a baby. Yeah she's
the guy that pretty much anything scares her.
That's
probably because it's so far away it's such an old headset, I won't be able to hear you but
I
don't
I don't have the foam on it anymore. I just I'm so, I'm so cheap. I just like, I keep telling myself I'll get another one and I just never do.
that'll happen
to Children.
it
does. I can use it for maybe like an hour and then it starts to really hurt. I won't be able to use it anymore. That's why I don't have this one even
on just because it's just nothing but plastic. But usually,
yeah, it works. That is the rationale that makes it hard to get another one, which is kind of the problem. But I mainly use um my wireless earbuds, those are a lot nicer, but they don't have a mic and I don't usually I have nothing but hard time with my laptop mix, so I just have to use this one. So pretty much the only reason why I'm using them is for my mike and that's the only reason why I ever used them. I am curious what
is that note on your wall behind you?
So how long ago was that?
And
and still
there.
Yeah. Why does it have some other sentimental value to it or?
You
need
to, you
can
attack
miller note above it to remind you to take it down.
At least that one would be newer. So if someone else asked
you if you do this study again, if someone asked you about that note, you can just say owes to remind me of take down the other one before it. So it's not a big deal.
So You said you were taking three classes,
What are you, what are you taking? Are they? And are you online
completely? I still have to go on campus.
It's a smaller school though so I think they can get usually get away with it more. Um But still I I don't like having to where a mask all day.
Oh and lab. I have to sanitize my hands because it's a it's a small lab so you can't social distance, we don't have that option. So um my professor is um organ donor recipient. So he has to take immune suppressants for that. Which means he's a bit more compromise for it in general. So we have to sanitize our hands for putting gloves on. I have to put I have to have my mask still on actually where this big face shield that just all every little bit of moisture that you breathe out just goes on.
Yeah. So if you want to talk to someone, usually if you want to see or if you have to look at anything, you have to tell you ahead and find a good spot that you can see under it. Which is not fun. I can't wait until I don't have to do that anymore anyway. Sorry, what what classes are you taking now?
It's a philosophy one. Right
Yeah. Um Those don't sound too bad. What you said finite math was that one of them? What what does that mean?
So it's kind of like an accounting class.
one does not sound fun at all. Never mind. I take that.
I'm that's surprising. I would have a terrible I don't surprise I don't really like math anyway though so that's understandable but I'm glad you like that. Which I am.
No you go that's fine. It's a lot easier to what
I I said it first so lightly rules. You have to go first. Uh huh.
I do agree with that. And um statue was surprisingly fun but still it was still math is um like it's just kind of like a mess for me. I don't know why I want
to like
it, but well hell I want to like it because I can't get away with it. My major but
and
I have not taken calculus yet. I if that some like says that's actually coming up now, I have to refresh my memory on that. But if I do need it all usually just go to like khan academy or something and I'll read through some of calculus lessons on it. But especially now for organic, we're doing um PK which is this measurement of an acid um which the formula for that includes log logs and negative logs. So I kind of have to, I understand that which is not fun but there's nothing you can do about it. Oh and especially I was not much of a good student in high school. So all the stuff that I didn't put effort towards then I had to make up more in college now for my major. Which I still have to do occasionally but it's not that big a video now.
I know at least glad that I don't have like I think in high school I had like it 2.7 Something GPA which sounds terrible for me now. That sounds frightening. But uh hm
Not that bad. You said you were sophomore right?
Did you go in knowing what major you want or did you start taking generals and figured out later or how to start and go
that's good.
Mhm. So what made you pick that to begin with?
that that's not crazy. I come from a small town so that's kind of like every job that you would have in a small town that's kind of how it works even if they're not actually family.
So that makes a lot of sense. That's nice. I completely did a 1 80. I went in just to get my generals actually. I was going for a C. M. S. Degree which is pretty much a computer it degree it's it sounds rude to say it but it's one level under computer science. Um It's not quite as advanced as a computer science degree but it's still kind of the networking and cybersecurity and all that stuff. Um And I was going to take advantage of the full tuition scholarship I have for this college get my generals here to save money and then go to a different one for computer science, and then halfway through
I decided for biology, I can't remember why. I just like the classes a lot more so I had to waste like a year of taking the computer classes. That's good that you went in knowing
what major you wanted to do.
I did I do have a minor in that now, so all
those classes weren't completely wasted. But
some of the classes I they weren't really applicable for the minor but it was still part of the degree which was still not too big of a deal, but I'm glad I could at least have a minor out of it. They weren't completely wasted and then I almost have a minor for um Business administration I think. Yes. Business administration, I think I've got more classes for that. Yeah. Then hopefully after next semester will be done, hopefully.
I
know
it's terrifying.
Okay, so the
worst part is um well of course being in small town, there aren't a lot of science jobs around here, so I have to go some somewhere, I don't know where, but also um I have to take a senior com exam which is pretty much um all of my professor, not all of them, by three of them, and they pretty much quiz me on the classes that I've taken with them, so pretty much all of the science classes. Yeah, there is only,
it's terrifying and it's a small college, so there's there's only two chemistry professors, I've only had classes with one, so he would have all of chemistry for me. Um There's a seat, There were four biology professors, two left, and they had one more come in, so I'm only left with the other two that I've taken classes with. I don't really have a choice. And so pretty much it's it's not going to be fun.
I'm not very optimistic about it.
I
that's thank you. Thank you. I hope so. Uh huh. I at least have
bit
of time before.
Okay. I actually think we're at time This notice we're at 8:31.
About
that. Yeah. No, there actually is no limit. Um it just has to be at least 25 and then yeah,
let me double check. Um I'm pretty sure it's just has to be at least 25 and then if you go over time then you just go over time because for my last one we
did the same thing. It was Um we talked for 30 35 minutes, so we're still getting um I think if I remember correctly, you can just close out of the tab if you want. You don't have to like click anything on the actual video.
All right. It was really nice to talk to you. Cloud.
luck on your tests and
projects.
We'll
see. We'll hopefully see. Have a good
rest
of your night. You too. Thank you.