How are you doing?
I'm Avery Sorenson.
What do you, what do you teach?
Okay.
Oh yeah. It's really hard to get kids to do anything, I'm sure. With this online learning.
learning something like
that.
There's a lot of religious people who deny like some science stuff and it's just like God gave like a science for a reason, you know, like it betters our lives and stuff like that. So.
Wait,
Better.
But
it's definitely corona is definitely hitting, so I'm from South Dakota. Um
It's really, really hard here.
huh. Yeah. We're like the second in the nation for like the worst like amount of cases, like new cases in a day. The like percentage of infection rates, all that kind of stuff. It's really bad up here.
There's
no
mandate, there's no mass mandate nothing. Mhm.
we've the whole time the governor never put like a mass mandate in or anything like that. So it's been Like at first it started off like we have like nothing because like we're, there's only 600,000 people, 700,000 people in the whole state of South Dakota. So it's
yeah, it's really tiny so there's not like ample enough like population to spread it very fast. So like at the beginning like the first wave and everything like that, we didn't get hit very hard at all. So it wasn't like that big of a deal to have mass or anything. And then um like in august South Dakota has like the biggest motorcycle rally in like the whole nation, it's like the surgery and there was no mass mandate or anything. And so this is just like skyrocketing, went through the roof and so it's just been and of course there's still no mass mandate or anything like that. So it's not slowing down so it's just, it's been crazy here. Like no one wants to go anywhere because no one wants to get sick, you know?
Very very red state.
Um like 70% of people voted for Trump in this election. So like it's, it's overwhelmingly like conservative
and
Bye.
What?
Well.
I
get that. Especially like I'm only 23 and so you know, not at a very like at risk population or anything like that. Like I have no prior how things
are,
but exactly and that like a lot of like my generation is like, oh, you know, like I'm not at risk, you know, I'm only 23 I have no like lung issues or anything like that. But then you see like my cousin got it like and he lives in like Colorado and he was like hospitalized, like it was really, really bad and he's A 19 year old healthy individual. So it's like I'm not going to risk myself. Like
sure my generation can do it if they want. They can risk themselves, but I'm not gonna do that if I don't need to.
And
Hi.
Mhm.
I just, so I heard about that too and I worry that it just like they pushed it through too fast, you know, that they don't like obviously every drug has, you know, some kind of side effects for long term. So I think they might have pushed it through a little bit too fast. Try to you know, get get vaccines for this stuff and it might like cause even more issues, you know,
relax.
So that that that worries me a little bit just because you know, if you don't have a scientific research to back it up like to say actually is like a healthy drug for people, then you could really like cause some some real issues for people down the road.
They're not off. It's all right.
I'm
I mean it would really you know, it would really help especially at risk populations. Like that's that's what I think they should really give it to first. You know, people who have, you know, like lupus or other autoimmune disease, stuff like that. So then, you know, they can actually go out of the house. Like I know someone who has lupus that can't go anywhere if they do, it's spread by air, if they get it, you know, they're they're dead like
I
called the Northwest. It's it's like we we're technically, I think classified as like in the midwest,
but
we're
pretty, we're pretty north. It's step
well,
what?
there's
um So there's the Black Hills National Forest here
and,
yep, and there's
not rough.
don't rush more. I don't know if you want some amount
Russia,
I live literally like 10 minutes away from Mount Rushmore. Yeah.
So really, really close to that.
that's Wyoming.
The
mhm.
It's
happening.
The Grand
Tetons I'm sure is what you
Well.
Or
Yeah it is. Um I've I've grown up with stuff around that so like I like to do stuff like backpacking and you know kind of like outdoorsy survival stuff but that's just the way I grew up. So like I go on an annual camping trip every year. And actually last year I went to the Grand Tetons and Yellowstone
and
it's amazing. It's amazing. Um we summited one of like the not the grand Teton but like the southern Teton and it was like at like 14,000 ft 12,000 like
we submitted it and everything.
Yeah it was it was like an 11 mile hike. Like we started like at like six
a.m.
Didn't get done until like it was like seven PM or something like that. six p.m. So I love
that kind of stuff that I love being out in nature. It's just there's
calming presence to it. You know it's it's it makes me feel so much more like connected to the world. I don't know.
actually.
I have not been that far west
now.
But this fucking.
I'm
not
There's some really cool things. It really is.
All
Well.
That's
that's one of the things that like I think I've obviously I'm pretty young. I'm only 20. That's one of that I really like. Me and my wife have really done a good job of doing. Is we we travel every year at least on vacation a year. So like um last year we actually went on three vacations, you went on a family vacation to Disney World. It we had a young family so we
went,
it's
I guess
it is, you have to do it at least once you know.
But we also went to Wyoming and then we actually for um we we were in college still um for our spring break, we actually went up to new york and spent like a week in new york city. Yeah. Yeah absolutely.
It I don't think I could live there is growing
up in this, growing up in a small town, it's definitely um definitely different being in a big city, it's definitely different.
there's
so
much to do there, there's so much stuff to do, like I'm not a big broadway person but my wife is and so we went to broadway shelves and stuff like that, there's just like so many, like so much stuff to do, it's almost overwhelming, you know, here,
you know, you have the outdoors and stuff like that and there's a bunch of stuff to do outdoors. But like other than like outdoors, there's really like nothing here, you know? So like going there and there's not really much outdoors, you know, there's Central Park, but that's pretty much it like a drive outside of new york city. But like there's so much other things to do, you know, like like broadway shells are, you know, food.
I
kind of said, yeah, museum and to, well art museums and stuff like that, so it was pretty cool. I enjoyed it. I definitely go back to just experience it again and see some of the stuff that I missed.
that
all
Oh
I had
I don't know.
Um No, but I actually have um so my mom works at the school district instead with my step
down um my step down as a vice principal for middle school and then my mom worked.
uh yeah he really does um but he also gets to make a difference which he likes.
Uh but then my mom works in Hr for like the whole school district, so she works in like our central office and after I was done with high school, I would come back and I would substitute teach
because
you don't you don't have to have a degree or anything for that here, but others
But
um so I have like over like 200 hours substitute teaching, so I'm very familiar with. Yeah they're here with like teaching aspects and stuff like that being a subcommittee harn.
We.
they
still
respect you enough so where the most of the time they're not like as attitude like have as much attitude is like high school students.
I never substituted in the high school because I always looked so young so
they
it
was
like
I would have walked all over like it would have been better.
But.
But they know how to do their thing like you don't have to hold their hands like
through the day.
All
On
um yeah we live on six acres. Um Yeah it's here. I can try to I can see um we live like in the National Forest like so
backyard
yeah out of our backyard
like we have six acres and then we have no back neighbors and it's just forest. Um
And
then like the nearest neighbors are like so we have one neighbor that's like across the road but they have like a mile and a half drive away so you can't even see
their house.
And then our next closest neighbors on either side is like two miles away so
we're like there's like no one around. It's so quiet. It's so cool like it's it's nice go sit out on the back porch and read or you
know.
All the time, all the time. Like um we have every day we have deer that are
you know mornings and nights that um like I wouldn't call it roost but they like have like little beds that they lay down in in like our yard and then we have a lot of turkeys,
I hate the turkeys
are
mm they're mean to like the ones here, they're they're they're big and they're means so like I really don't, I stay away from the turkey so.
We
have aisles, we have wolves. Uh
we have mountain lines because I guess we have red foxes too, so
we have quite a bit of wildlife out here. Um
It's nice
Um I have only seen one in the whole time that I've lived here. Um So they have really really wide territories so like their territories can be like hundreds of miles wide um just for like one and so we had one that would like have a migration pattern that was like right behind our house, and so like there's a guy who used to try to hunt it and yeah he would have like his deer stand in, his automatic cameras and everything, he got pictures of it, um but it would come through at night like maybe like 23 times a year, like right behind our house and I ended up one day but you just
kind of bone in it as long as it's not in the trees, usually like to attack from the trees, so. Yeah. Yeah.
What?
I
or
so we don't have moose down here, we do have like elk elk are pretty big elk, but when I went up in um went to a national park up in Montana, up in the upper
right and we were four wheeling and um there was like we were four wheeling on this like trail and there was this like ridge of trees along the trail And we heard something rustling and so we kind of stopped because you know it's bear country, so you just kinda kind of watch out for what you're doing and stuff. So um we were driving and there was like this herd of moose, it was like probably like 10 or 12, they like no joke, like when we were on our four wheelers and they weren't small, formulas were probably up to like their knees, like the
things were gigantic.
they're huge
and they're huge
and
they're where's their antlers are like probably the size of like a regular, like human, like each one like their job
and
you
just
kind of stop and hope they don't charge at you and they want
so we have no bears here. Um when I was at Yellowstone, don't know, it was when we were at the Grand Tetons, we were when we were summiting um we were walking on the trail was me and my wife and then like this older gentleman behind us um and he was just kind of sticking with us and we were walking on the trail and we heard some rustling like off to the left of the trail and I like peek around like the trees in the bush and it was a grizzly cub,
Not a very old one either. So, so when mom was still probably around and that's what scared me is I was much scared of like the baby bear, but if I'm
not
a baby bear, the mom was someone. So this thing was probably, I mean a baby grizzly bears still like probably like 3 £400 like it's it's still it's big so like we like slowly like backed up and it scared us because it like jumped on the trail and started heading towards us and we're like oh
we're gonna get mauled by a bear because we don't see the mom, so it's going to come at us from somewhere.
and so we're like slowly backing up and the baby ended up just like darting off the other side of the trail, so we're like thank
we never ended up seeing the mom, but so I've never seen any like really really big bears, but I mean I did see a grizzly so
come
home
with
me.
It
Shoot.
Or,
Good. Mhm.
I was really scared this one time when um I was fishing out here like in the National Forest and um it was getting close to dark and we had been fishing like all day and we like fishes. This little pond on the other side of the pond, there was this big like rock wall and it probably Up maybe like 70 80 ft. And we were fishing and we had been hearing like we had heard a mountain lion, so you're like uh you know like it's no big deal like we'll leave before it's dark like usually don't really come out until dark anyways like So we're like uh you know it's fine like we'll just keep fishing, we'll leave in like 15, 20 minutes before it gets dark back to our car and be there before dark. Well all of a sudden when we were fishing we see some rocks fall. So we look up and there's this huge female mountain lion on top of the rocks and it starts like making its way down towards us like down to the rocks and we're like
no
believing so we just like packed our stuff up super. I ran the rest of the way to our car.
It happens all the time. Like you'll probably hear maybe like once every year or two someone gets mauled by a mountain lion here. I mean
it
depends on how hungry they are, right
people are really easy compared to dear. Um So you know and it depends on what time you're hiking and what time of the year, you know especially when it gets closer to like fall and stuff like that. They are much more active because you know they're getting ready to wear. Everything starts to hibernate and bed down So you really don't they don't have as much food so definitely in like the fall time. You can definitely you know, you gotta watch out.
It's fun.
All
right, nice to meet you.
All right, You too.