Hello.
Good, thank you. Yeah, I'm married with Cycler. Oh
Avery, that's a great name. I have a student named maybe this year. I never had a student named Avery before this year. That's so funny.
I teach middle school english. Yeah,
we're actually on campus uh for half a day. And then so we teach basically from seven till noon the kids have launched and then they go home and then we stay there till 2 30 pretending we're working. The kids are supposed to go home and do their homework. But you know, that's not what happens.
Well they, and you know, they're so, so I live in northern new york right by the Canadian border and like far away from New york city, probably 67 hours away, six hours away. And so when, when, when new york said now we were still really good here, you know what I mean? No wild breaks or anything of the coronavirus. And anyway, so the kids were doing their what they call it distance learning or I can't remember what they called it.
It
was sort of dumb and they pretended they loved it, but they hated it and you can tell because they have thursday tomorrow up school for parent teacher conferences and like why do we have to go back to? Just uncertainty is so stupid. I'm like for a day, relax man. But so so yeah, but we're, the coronavirus outbreak is actually hitting communities around us. Like really small, like ST Lawrence County, like really small rural areas and it's really hitting like the Mennonite and Amish communities. Yeah, because they don't believe in, you know, they think God's gonna fix everything which is finally they want. But you know, he also gives an intellect. Hello, I'm not making fun of him. I'm just saying that's unfortunate that that's what's happening, so
I know it makes me feel bad. People don't acknowledge that. I'm not bad. Like bad
for them. We have all this brilliance.
I mean not me but people, some people do and they're just capable of the most wonderful things. It's like why don't you give people credit? I mean if you like you got credit for something, give him credit
for that. That's a good one, you know? But it just makes you feel better right?
Level.
Is it?
What did they attribute that to do they
that's anybody talked
about?
you think of me because the Dakotas has really, you know, oh you know, free minded people, they're going to go their own way. I mean it's probably why fortunate.
Yeah, it's a densely populated.
I don't I mean I don't blame them. So what's the political situation there? Is that a is that a red state Blue state with
because because go ahead
where we live.
So like I said, New york State, we look right up here on the ST Lawrence River. Most
of New york state is red except for the highly populated areas like Buffalo, new york city etcetera. So they make it a Blue state and but I don't see like here and
there because of the town I live in, there's like
I think It's you know, not in the summer, but this time, you know, I think there's like what like 1500 people if you're real. Yeah, about 1500 people. And so here and there you'll see people like they don't let them in the stores anymore without a mask on. But they would be in the stores like however, I don't wear a mask like a right not to wear a seat belt either buddy. Go kill yourself up, you know? Go away. But I mean I understand it but really I'm 63. I don't want your cooties
go, go, go. No.
You never
know.
No.
Yeah. The thing about that that scares me. So it's, they initially likened it to the flu
except now they're finding I think that there's like long term effects from it, like long long problems, lung damage and things like that in your damage. Um Yeah my nephew um in florida, he's around your age.
He got it was sick as thick as I mean he's good how? But okay
great. But they said um because we get, you know, we don't have cable because it's expensive here. Even as the news online said, there was a A what we call that immunization or inoculation 90% effective. I was like, I hope that's not foolishness. I hope it's true. You know what I mean? Because wouldn't that be cool?
Yeah. Do what you're
saying?
Well we have a pretty black sense of humor at our house. So I said to my daughter, so you know, probably the people who get it will be the fancy people, you know, this too expensive people, politicians or whatever it's like, so if it doesn't work no
harm, you know, it's like, okay, that's not necessarily about, and then I felt guilty percent of like, okay, there's l points right there, sorry. But I did think it
so well that my daughter said the same thing as you did, she's hoping it's true, but they're skeptical and I'm like, you know, let it be true. But two.
That's an autoimmune disease, isn't it lupus? Yeah, that's terrible. Um So tell me about where you live because about a few years ago my son, my oldest son brought us to, we went through, I don't know what part of the country we call that? North west or north
room.
That's
what I was going to say, but
I didn't,
because it was a national
parks, there,
all the national parks that are around you. So
which one is in the, is there one in South Dakota? That's a
okay. I think
we drove through
what
was really like, so
no,
we didn't go see Mount Rushmore now
because
that's where I live. So in the english mountains in new york state, but there's not mountains like there are and say like um where's Yellowstone? So
okay, there's not mountains like that, you know what I mean? So we
first oh
my gosh, so right, we we flew in and then we drove around and my son my car myself. But anyway uh we saw when we first saw its like was three
peaks
and I forget it's a famous thing, but I don't remember
was
my gosh, so Ryan was because he's been, she travels everywhere. I was like can we just sit for a minute and look at this? It was just just thinking about it
now, you know, it was just so beautiful there and I thought, you know, I could
never live there because it's pretty rugged, you know? Um
this
is just
And
I'd be like, yeah,
see
rugged. Yeah.
The
I don't blame you.
we'll see. So one of the things that I talk about, you know, you have like pretend stuff in your mind. Like suppose I win the lottery. All I do and that would be one of the things I would do is travel and I don't want to go like Disneyland or that stupid stuff. I want to go see
stuff like where you live. Like I always wanted to go and see like the Redwood National Forest. Have you seen it?
The
pictures of it? But I'd like to go back to Yellowstone because it's hard to imagine stuff like that because you see,
like I had a guidebook pictures, I'm like, oh, this is pretty, but when you see it, you're like, you hardly breathe. It's just it's incredible to think such beauty exists. But I mean, I can see why
people
like coming to this country, you know what I mean? I
Yeah. Yeah, but that that would be one of my big deal.
Think travel and see the national
parks and, and that's
her thing.
I
grew up with central florida. I've been there, done that,
but I don't want to go now, you know, I mean it's wrong.
It's a fun thing
you do.
my
neither.
I have news go to the train station like and you know, I know I'm out of my element completely like what the actual is going on. But it is, they have stuff I mean there
that
there are many world.
is,
of dreams stuff
too.
Yeah. Yeah. My daughter and her family, they, they liked, I mean I've been and it's okay. I don't care if I never go back. You know, I'm not, I'm not, you know, that kind of abuse. Remember the first time I went though? So I was born in providence
and then we lived in central florida pre
and then Disney era. Then I moved up here in new york. So when I went there so much new york city, we came out of the train station and the first thing that you automatically did was look up and everything was cute. But I felt, because, I mean, I've seen a battleship before, you know, you go into a battleship and you feel small. But this was a whole different feeling because all around me, I was like, I don't know what I like this feeling a little
bit, you know? But once we got going, it was okay, but like feel insignificant. I
feel that way when I'm out on the ocean test. What's a little thing here? Uh, so, so do you what? You're
so, you're so young, You couldn't possibly be a teacher.
You
Poor job. That's a terrible job. God love them. You know, we begin to see everybody at their worst.
Yeah, it does. Yeah. Absolutely.
I love
you.
You're either.
No.
yeah. It's hard to get because we live in a really small district, like I have all the English have all the seventh grade this year. It's like 70 kids.
And but it's really hard to get substitutes from middle school because everybody's like, no back. You know, they don't like middle school kids. I'm like, well that's okay. I love middle school kids. There's still little kids and you know,
they
like,
9th graders. Oh my gosh. There's a nice figures I think are the worst. No matter what anybody says and tender
what's
going to say
that
have
been who?
it would have been terrible. Yeah. Um yeah, but so now on top of middle school, nobody wants to teach in a pandemic. I mean, nobody wants to substitute teach in a pandemic either. So we have a couple of standbys
and then in the meantime there just having other say I took yesterday after the dentist, they're having other teachers do my whole day and I was like, okay, whatever, how care. Um It just makes me feel bad. But no, I love teaching middle school. There's there like you said, they're still respectful. They like to have fun.
Whoa.
And they come up with the best ideas and I mean there's just my sense of humor, you know, it's a very sarcastic, it's like okay. But I mean that's how I grew up. So I'm used to stark it, it's fun. But yeah, So do you guys live like,
you live like in a in a village
or because property or?
Get up.
Come on. Oh my God.
Well
that is
incredible.
While
and a half drive way you'd be all the way through the town I live in and into the store.
How?
we have
lots of animals around. You
what?
Okay. We have drink is here too. But they're your way.
It's
just so crazy. Always running in the road and all of them together. It's like
hunt. Not no, I'm kidding I don't hunt but if I did. So what about
predators? Do?
you didn't
And now have you
mountain
lions are because if I don't think I'd want to see one of those.
Well
Yeah that would be, I mean, you know,
I don't know that there's any wolves nearby. I don't think so.
But you know, coyotes, fox, definitely most of the little, most of the Ray lives here, not the not the predator. Um But when we went to uh the yellow Yellowstone um I wanted to see of course whites because they're so huge. So we got to see a lot of those, but the whole time we were there,
we went all the way through and up around everywhere. We never saw a moose once. And we heard the I mean pick from pictures, they look like they're super tall,
You do.
And
let's see what's in my mind was that stuff like not as big as just a big,
you know,
use
the whole
God, I would, I don't know what I'd have done,
probably been like,
you
know.
Yeah. Yeah. I hope there's a good nature heard moose and not a grouchy heard. So what about like the big bears? Have you ever seen any of those out and about? Because I'm actually terrified of those.
Who?
We
want
Let me get you in trouble with mom.
No, they'll be charging at you too for crying over.
Think. Yeah.
Yeah. Because when we went, when we
went,
the
one
time he said to my son,
we're not gonna see any big bears are already goes, We could I'm like,
yeah, I don't want to just make it that way. Let's
be loud and obnoxious and be like, we're from new york, you know, maybe embarrassed.
I mean something that could eat the death I don't want to see particularly. No, I'm good.
Do
you want?
Well, that would have terrified me too. It's a video, I saw a video of a guy who was being stopped, A guy who's being stalked by a mountain line. It was recently. And I mean he just happened to go by or you know, No, I don't want to see those. So uh
I don't think they want to eat people. I mean there's a lot of deer and
stuff.
are eased.
Well you live in a beautiful plate. That was our 25 minutes. They set a timer so I'm glad I got to talk to you
Thanks.
Say that was great.
It's easy to take care. Huh?