mm. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Anyway. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. All right okay thank you. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Moment. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. This is interesting. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. What mm. Mhm mm.
Yeah. Yeah. Hello mm.
Yeah can you hear me? Hi. Um have you done this one before?
I actually did um I think like a month ago um but my audio is not working it was super embarrassing. Uh I had like a little white board and I was just trying to write I didn't end up getting paid for it. It's like but um yeah it's pretty cool. I don't know it's interesting. Nice to meet you.
my name is Rebecca
where are you from?
Oh that's really cool. What time is
it right now?
Uh I'm in California it's two p.m. How has it been? Um Are you in quarantine right now or anything
And
that's really cool. Um I am well right now we're a whole mess here in California. So embarrassing. Um uh I'm actually a tutor to, but I work at a school, so right now I'm just um it's summer break and I haven't really been doing anything. I'm just at home like all the time.
Yeah. Um middle schoolers. Mhm.
hmm.
I'm I do math like every day. Like it's I hate math, but no, I don't, I don't hate math. But um like, you know, I can do eight grade math, ninth grade math. But yeah sometimes um my coworkers, they also work at the high schools. Um and they're like, they have kids like, hey can you help me with this calculus? And I'm like hmm, they can't. Yeah,
Jack,
when I was in high school I took trigonometry for like two weeks and then I was like, I can't do this anymore. So I went to, you know, like my teacher and I was like, I can't, I can't do, it's only what I'm telling you for two. It's too hard. Yeah.
I, I kind of do a little bit in college, but like it's still too hard to meet for me, but that's really cool that you're at least still working. Mhm.
Uh huh. Um I don't know. I don't know what to talk about.
It's like really hot right now super hot, it's like 90° or something. Um But I have like a fan on and I hope that's not super loud and
oh, It was kind of weird last week. It was a little gloomy, which was weird. Um but I know like 4th of July is coming up and stuff, so it's gonna be really hot.
Bring me.
Yeah. They're going insane. I hate it
every day.
All right. I I just I hate fireworks because like my dogs just like they hate it so much. So I know fourth of july I'm gonna have to give them like some sort of like dogs CBD CBD pill just like, like knock out because they get so scared. And I hate fireworks. So I mean they look nice, but my dogs get scared.
Yeah. Like where are these people getting these fireworks from? Like what's going on here?
That's funny. And and like in the neighborhoods around here like their band, like we were not loud and I'm like why or how are you getting these like.
Um I know a lot of people since we're so close to Mexico. Um Like tons of people just go and like sneak them in. Like the really bad, like very illegal ones like, like are in the air and like I I'm not a big fan but it's fun to watch like put cars keep going off at like three am and it's just too much.
I do you have any plans for 4th of July?
Yeah. I like my family kind of wanted to do something and I was like, you guys like someone is going to catch something.
Yes. Mhm. But it doesn't stop. Everyone here is just out and about and they opened restaurants were like a bit like like two weeks and then the governor was just like, oh we're closing them again so that just happened.
They did that here to finally after like they just did it maybe like two weeks ago. And there's like protests in like Orange County. Like no, like no masks
reopen
the state. It's horrible. I don't understand why you would even protest that like who cares? Like
I I love like not working right now like it's just so great like everyone on my friends like we all have like so much more free time to do like more interesting things and I don't know like there's been a lot of protests here too. It's it's
increasing.
Me too.
So you went out, How was it over there?
Yeah I saw that too. That was so funny but they weren't able to get in. It was really bad over here though like um I went to downtown L. A. Um It was so bad. There was like police everywhere. People were getting like shot with rubber bullets. Um Pepper Square and like all that. What is it that they use um
Your guys that hurts. It's really bad.
It's horrible here. The police here are like crazy like they don't care. Um but it was, it was really cool to see so many people. I went to like three protests and then I was like, yeah I can't because um my my friend literally got hurt with a rubber bullet. Like he still has a bruise right now. Like this. We went like, I want to say like three weeks ago, four weeks ago. So yeah. I was like we we needed like quarantine were around a lot of people.
Yeah. It's been crazy here. I hope everything gets better soon, but honestly like the way everything's going crazy. But yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Like the school district that I work at right now, like they just had a protest. Like they protested the school district to get like the police out of the schools and stuff. And it's just really cool to see like in our communities like stuff's going on. Maybe not. Um I mean, you know fully, but like, I think within individual communities like stuff has been going down and it's really cool. Like right now, like everybody, I keep saying like a lot I'm like hyper aware. Sorry. But
you gotta valley.
uh But yeah, like it's pretty cool. Like mm hmm. Right now. I'm just some, I'm trying not to get super involved because like some of my family members got really sick recently. Well, I'm staying away from everything.
Thank you.
Yeah. Over here, I know like, Like 10-20 people who have gotten it. I'm shocked that I have it like, but I haven't been going out. Um, so that's probably why one of my friends, she was so adamant about not going out and like she wouldn't go out and she still got it like just
going to the supermarket once, so it's
bad over
here
Oh my God, it's horrible. And then with all these people being so rude to like the workers right now.
Yeah.
No. So depressing. Sorry? Um Do you have any pets?
They're so clean and they keep to themselves.
Yeah. I love cats. I wish I had one.
Yeah. I have, I have one dog, her name is Coco and she's such a brat. Um Just so mean to people. Um And then my sister I has a dog to she recently adopted a dog. Um So I see that that one like all the time whenever I go over to her place, So she lives like five minutes for me, so I'm always walking that dog and she's a senior dog, she's like 10 years old and she's so fat. Like the old owners, like that's like the most obese dog I've ever seen in my life. Her woman's I guess just like fed her too much or something. So she's like on a diet, like sheets, green beans, it's so funny. Um
It's so sad because like whenever we eat, she like immediately goes into the table like waiting to catch a new scraps and we're like, Shelly No, like you're Toby like she's so big. Um She's supposed to be like the size of my dog, my dog's like 13 lbs, but it's like double that, she's like 30, like.
I can't
even imagine
that.
Yeah, Shelly can't either. She she's just like her paws and it's just so funny. But um we're working on that, like she's already every time I see her I'm like wow she lost some weight like but then she lays down and the like her belly comes out and like maybe not. But but she's been doing good. So yeah there's just those two. Um Yeah so I love animals like so much. Yeah.
Do you like big dogs?
That's like well um when I used to live with roommates and all of us had like a dog like we had like four dogs. It was ridiculous and all of them like half of them are really tiny, like little chihuahua. Like so mean he would bark at everything. But he was nice to us like he was it's so funny because he was like the smallest one and he was the only one who would like defend against like and I'm like dude what are you going to do? Like he would have worked so hard that his body would move like
and then
and then we had a labrador and he was the biggest dope. Like he and I were like aren't you supposed to be the one who is like you know protecting institute to know he was so dopey and like friendly with everybody and we're like hello, like right, that's something you know he was
so friendly.
Yeah at least he was quiet those who think he was so nice. Um He's still like don't think he's not but I don't live there anymore so yeah.
Um And then but yeah, so I love animals, like I used to foster kittens. Mhm.
Um It was really easy for me because I only did like one at a time. I could never do like a whole like leader of cats because
and
my roommates didn't care and they would help and they were really cute and then we would just adopt them out with like there's a shelter we worked with. It's called Siaca. You've probably
heard of it. Yeah, but the one in our city we did, it's so terrible. They're like super like over, I don't know what you'd call overstocked with. Like they're filled to the max so like, you know, it's nice that we could take them and they're so cute because they were like little babies. So yeah.
I love cats. I want to do that. I just like be filled with the room of cats. I'm gonna end up crazy cat lady when I'm older.
I I want all types of animals.
There actually are. I've never been because I'm just like worried for them. But I know that the ones that they have here, you can you can adopt them. So I'm like, okay, that's cool, not been and then everything is closed now, but that's the vehicle. So have you ever been to one?
They're they're really cool. I actually had a friend who went to one and they took some pictures and like the inside was so cute and they were just cats literally everywhere, like
How old are you?
I'm 21. You look really young,
I get it a lot too. I hate it. Sorry, I told you that.
Good.
Okay. Uh huh That's me, you'll be fine. You look really young. You're like, you'll be good.
Yeah, are you already green?
I
I had a friend when he was 16, he started getting gray hair like
mm 16 and I was like, man, dude, like you're so old, like and I didn't like, wow, it's like almost like, oh great. So it just happens to some people.
I'm so sorry. Uh Everyone in my family, like my grandpa and stuff like they all have like full heads of hair. Like even my grandpa, um he was 85 he still kind of had like, it wasn't even all white, like it was still like salt and pepper. So yeah, I'm like, okay, good. Like if I ever have kids, they're not gonna be like get bold doing and stuff, but I'm so sorry for you.
I
was tired.
my gosh. Yeah, I always see um when I was in high school, the guys would like bleach their hair. I'd be like, use toner, like, like a bright yellow, Like make it look like uh Oh,
because
that's good.
I've been here a lot. I have, it looks gross right now because I have not kept up with it because the quarantine, it was supposed to be purple now, It's like, you know, raw chicken. Uh huh.
it was supposed to be purple. So I used to do it like all the time, but ever since we went into quarantine a couple months ago, I was like, I'm done so, so I'm just going to cut it all off. But I've dyed my hair like a bunch of times before, so
All
Oh my God, my roommate. Oh my God, that just reminds me like she had like the worst bathroom ever. It was so bad. Like she luckily she didn't share with anybody. Um She had hair dye everywhere. It was so bad because she died. She was one of those people who like dyed their hair like every freaking week, like a different color. Oh my god. Like once I went in there to grab something and it was just like hair dye everywhere. I was like, what do you do?
Mhm. Okay. Yeah. And then like and she died it like blue and her hotel was blue, like Mhm. So I think she's still doing it to this day. I'm gonna ask her, so I don't live with her anymore, but
My dad is going to end up making me do that now because we we moved into an apartment together and like I got some purple hair dye like on the sink and I was like, oh my God,
getting up. Yeah,
seen.
It's in there. Like you can? T I tried everything. I put alcohol on it. Um Like no, like everything. Nothing so
yeah, I guess. But I'm not going to put that. I'm like,
you know, poor splinters and think it's going real bad. So I'm just not going to dye my hair here. I will go to my friend's house or something. But
especially. Yeah, he got so mad. Okay. Sorry. Yeah.
Yeah. Have
you ever traveled?
my God, That's so cool. I have never even stepped foot out of this country Vegas. That's it.
I I got to see the Eiffel Tower kidding. Um
the
permits. I haven't even been to Mexico. Um and it's like right there. Um But maybe eventually I will, my dad keeps saying like get your passport will go to Tijuana and I'm like, okay.
No,
wow. I cannot believe I'm mexican. And this guy, my husband Mexico. And I have not and I live like four hours away.
Thank you. I will go. I was thinking this summer I was like you know what like we'll just drive, they're not talk to anybody to not get them sick or anything and just try food. Um
because I've never been on like a real vacation before like you know so I was like I have all this time like this summer now so I could just you don't do whatever I want but it's already july and I don't know what's going to happen. So.
Animal.
If
you ever visit Mexico then go to um Oaxaca that's what it's called. Have you ever had muller?
Have you ever heard of mullah?
go to Oaxaca and get oaxacan mole. It it is so good. Or go to pueblo. That's another place in Mexico. Um They have the best mullet. My my grandma used to go and get because you can buy like the they have packets of it and she would make it and it's so good. Like it's the best ever that you will eat if you've ever had mullet, it's kind of a different taste. Um but it's really good. It's like my favorite food.
Oh my God, like 30,000 different ingredients. Um They put um different types of uh like chills in them, like ancho. Um Oh my god, like I can't even think right now like different dried peppers and they like soak them in water and then they blend them with like tomatoes sometimes like bread or crackers. Like I've heard that they put that in there. Um chocolate, different types of spices. Like it's really like so many ingredients go into it and it's so cheap if you go and get it, it's insane. It's
like
It's really good. What what time do you have on your thing?
And then, yeah, mm hmm.
It's
like do you work today
or did
you work today?
Good luck. Um
and mine says 30 minutes. But um
mine
I think so because mine started before you got here. So I just wanted to make sure before we logged off,
it was really nice talking to you. Um I hope you have a great work day, Stay safe. Don't
you know,
get the virus.
But
it
was really nice knowing you, bye bye.