Whoa
You hear me
I'm not no. Have you?
nice to meet you too. Um Yeah my name is Sam what's yours?
Nice to meet you? Rebecca.
I'm from right now. I'm living in philadelphia. My family's from like pennsylvania New Jersey.
but
oh gosh it's five p.m.
yeah yeah it hasn't changed what I do much um
an online tutor right now. Um So don't leave the house anyway. Um But yeah how about you?
Yeah. Yeah I feel that. What do you tutor?
cool. Yeah I do I do high schoolers mostly. Math. Uh huh.
Uh huh. Mathematics subject.
cut off is usually pretty I like to do
pre calculus. It's probably my favorite. The calculus gets a little muddied but it can get a little bit out there sometimes.
Yeah I think um trigonometry is the one where I think I think like your brain nobody's brain is built to handle trigonometry. Uh
it's better than not I guess
not of july um house, I don't know how is like the weather been I whole talk.
No you hear it?
Yeah we're about the same, we had rain all day yesterday but other than that super hot. Oh
fireworks near you
every day
all evening. Um
Yeah it's it's so it's so weird because we've been trying to figure out why there's no like answer as to why.
Yeah we live in like a really dense area so like my roommates and I were just going up on the roof and like counting the fireworks and it's like once a minute for two or three hours there'll be something.
Yeah. My city, my city allowed them recently which is like don't uh huh They repealed the fireworks band of the oppression. Uh Yeah.
Oh jeez. People are cooped up and they go a little crazy.
No probably just gonna stay here and and uh drink with my roommates like most people seem to be doing um.
Yeah. Can we just not?
Yeah. It's ridiculous. I think we just did a like a statewide mask uh mandate and everything like that so we'll see if that actually means anything.
It was
ridiculous,
it's so easy.
I've gone
to a couple of those.
It's interesting. I really didn't know how much was going on in my community and how how organized it already was before this um super neat um
It was it was really nice, it was all you know, really peaceful just marching like 10 miles back and forth across the city. Um and and yeah honestly I was I was surprised that like there were so many people giving away free food and water like um people were generally wearing masks and trying to maintain like some kind of distance. It obviously wasn't recommended. There are a lot of people burning sage, that seems to be a big thing. I hope it wasn't like, I hope they weren't doing it to try to keep themselves from getting sick um because that would be concerning. Um But yeah, no, and and in general, I think they've been really effective. Um but there are also people blowing up ATM so that's the thing,
Uh tear gas?
did you get hit? Oh, it's awful. Right.
Yeah, I was trying to space them out, so it was like, you know, I'm past the stages of showing covid symptoms were good next life.
I think, I think better is an interesting way to look at it. Like, I think, I think it revealed how much stuff was already fundamentally wrong, um, that people just don't agree with the, the, I found it really interesting how like how holistic the protests I went to at least were because people were talking about like police brutality is like a people need to stop police, who people who are police need to stop hitting, you know, minorities, not all that good stuff. There was like to it obviously, um, they got down into some really like systemic issues and some actionable policy things and, and you heard people actually talking about realistic plans to make other people's lives better, which is heartening, I feel.
no
worries. Uh huh.
Well, yeah, I wish you best of luck there. It's it's
uh um, yeah, thankfully. No, nobody I know has had it except like I'm almost certain my friends who are doctors and nurses have been, you know at the very least super duper exposed, but thankfully I think everyone's okay right now.
Of
that
worries
me because I've been looking into like picking up a part time job right now and it's like oh yeah the supermarkets hiring and it's like
Yeah, I don't understand that. It's so it's so unnecessary. Yeah. Yeah
it makes for entertaining news
Uh No my roommates won't let me get a cat and it makes me very sad. Um but
exactly, mm but it's fine, it's fine. Um
Yeah, they're so, I grew up with cats like always had them and they were just so relaxing to me. Um I have like a lot of anxiety um and it's just so nice to have just just a cat who you can like talk at and stuff like that. Yeah you have any pets?
I love what animals go on diets, it's just so sad.
my gosh, We once had a cat who was bordering on £30,, he
couldn't
jump up onto
the couch, it was really sad.
my parents have a dog we adopted when I was in high school, he's still around um used to be small enough to like sit in my lap and he grew to be like he's like 70 or £80 right now, he doesn't fit at all, but he still tries and it's the cutest thing.
Yeah. Yeah I much prefer like a larger dogs. Um I think one like barking really annoys me if it's high pitched and so it's like I can do with a low pitched barking all day but the high pitch isn't good and to I like to like I know I really enjoyed just throwing stuff for a dog and with like a big dog we have like a large backyard so you can just stand on the backboard hot stuff and he'll run and grab it. It's the best.
Oh jesus just
across the room. Right.
I
would rather sleep.
Yeah
I've got I had a bunch of friends do that. Um How is your experience with that? I've heard I've heard very mixed reviews based organizations people are working with.
Yeah that's a
lot
and.
I was in high school uh some friends and I like to go down to the animal shelter and we do a little volunteering and stuff. But they had this room that they just called the cat room and it's just where they're like all of the cat cages like opened to this room and you can go in and they were like 30 or 40 cats and they were just like yeah you could just sit covering cats and we would just go every couple of weeks and just hang out with the cats because you can just get like five, five Friends in there. So weird,
Good.
Do you have any cat cafes near you?
I've not no, it's like on my bucket list I guess, you know if the world ever reopens.
It's the perfect business model. Yeah,
I'm 25. Which feels weird to say. How about you?
I get that a lot.
I'm probably
I'm probably gonna go great when I'm 30 just and then it'll be fine. I'll go right from like 20 to 50 and
I'll go for the Anderson cooper look just
I think so. I see a couple every now and then I'm like very blondish brown so it's it's really easy to to see them. Um But yeah,
or easy to miss them other way around.
Oh, that's tough.
Yeah. Yeah. No, it's like I'm looking at my dad just being like, I hope you're balding because you smoked and not because it's genetic. And so that Yeah.
Right. I'll survive somehow. Um Yeah, maybe. Maybe, maybe I'll dye my hair fun colors. I've actually never died. Well, wait, no, I guess I have. I did I did dye my hair once. I
did
I I did it was for a swim team, so we did our team colors so I bleached it and then died half of it crimson. So it was like an and red. Um It looked really good until like our first swim practice and then it just went think the whole thing.
yeah, that was really bad, I think I think might ended
up being pretty silvery, which was nice.
Um But yeah, it could have been an absolute disaster. Yeah.
I would have guessed like a red, but I mean it still looks good. I don't know, I think it looks cool.
Yeah, I remember my sister would I went through like a dying her hair face in high school
in her bathroom look like a murder scene. It was.
that's the worst.
Yeah, my dad started making my sister go out into the backyard and use the garden host. Yes.
Oh my gosh.
Mhm.
Yeah, it's tough because you can't even scrub it. My parents were like really frustrated because they were like, you know if you just, if the if you could just scrub it out of the tub we'd be fine with this, we just get you to scrub it. But no.
paint thinner maybe. Mhm.
No
that's the
Okay.
Yeah.
Oh a bunch. Yeah my mom is from England so I've been there like 20 ISH Times for a couple of weeks at a time. She lives there now. Yeah. Um And I've also been to Spain Portugal and uh and Hungary. Um
It's like a different place.
Yeah. The pyramids are
there too. Right.
I've
been to I've been to Mexico to yeah.
This, yeah. Yeah. I've been to Tijuana. It's it's really nice. Good food. Went to a couple museums. I definitely recommend it.
Yeah.
Yeah. And Tijuana such a I mean it's so cheap to you can
just food and drinks. There was so cheap. Even though we went to super touristy places and like, I mean like all the places near the border are touristy enough but
like
I've never had Molineaux.
I've heard of mole. I've been next to restaurants who have been eating mail.
What goes into it?
That
sounds fantastic. Mhm.
I think that we are are are like just over 25 minutes at this point.
I can't be
certain.
How about
you?
Uh No, no. I had today off but I am working tomorrow. Lots of pre calculus.
Yeah.
How
are we gonna?
All right. Well, it was fun talking to you today, Rebecca.
Thank you.
And
I'll bring my fast you
as
well.