Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. And questions what? Yeah. Okay. Uh huh.
What about that?
Oh, okay. Now you can because I'm on my phone. That's why. But I was trying to get on my headphones because I can't really hear hear. Okay, one second. Let me try another. Perhaps one second. Okay,
so what's your name?
What's that?
All right man. That's cool. My name is Brandon.
What uh what ethnicity is that if you don't mind me asking the name?
But.
Okay. Well what's what's second right here?
Yeah. Yeah.
This is Mhm. Yeah,
it's Yeah. Yeah.
Okay. Can you hear me now?
Oh my headphones on them? Oh that was like oh yeah.
Mhm. Okay. Once I get my friend.
Okay, what about now?
Okay, well, we'll just talk on the phone, don't worry about it. Right,
Trying to get back. What's that?
Okay. Yeah, I was trying to get on my headphones but I can't. My headphones are working. So so what's up, man? How you doing?
Just trying to get this $15? Right.
And yeah Right it's easy just to talk to somebody we could just make up a story about about
ourselves. Right, completely lying. We wouldn't know.
thank
you.
what?
Yeah pretty much. I just said just talk from 25 this is this your first time doing it or no?
Yeah right that you just talked to apartments and they just ask you like just questions right? Like
I was like who led the conversation and stuff like that?
No comment. Alright that's what everyone does.
What
are you from right now?
shit. All the way on the west coast. I'm in new york city.
which way to grow up? He said
oh that's what's up. Well what neighborhood book? Good.
That's what's up? You said you're you're you're born in the ark.
Oh yeah I mean we have time. Right so you when did you leave new york? So you grew up did you grow up in new york or what's up?
How old are you?
No I'll do it when you left new york
Oh so you know maybe you just kind of been living your whole life in new york there? All right.
uh
so
no I'm
originally from texas.
I was born I was born in south Korea but I moved to texas when I was really young. You know my dad was army is the army guy. So I moved to texas when I was like man not even one years old. And then I grew up in texas pretty much.
Oh, I've been everybody like 7, 8 years now.
yeah,
pretty much. Right. But it was very different when you first come here. Right?
Uh san Antonio
I
don't know.
No, era every city, right? I think new york is like, what top three biggest cities, things like what new york and los Angeles,
something like that.
have you been in Chicago ever? Oh, it's like Chicago. New york are kind of like similar cities I guess like new york city, right? Like inner city, kind of suburban life, whatever.
But
like
like the building, I was very,
for sure. So how how's Seattle but shadows? I mean like the west coast gotta be way different from east coast, right?
David, I have family in California, like san Francisco around that area. I remember when I was like a little kid, I visited him a few times. Uh It's like the only kind of west coast I have, but first of all, they're like, Look at 4, 4 hours behind for me and the east coast, right? That's behind.
it looks like I'm because right now, I mean, I'm just like doing like a labor job, you know, and I really Doing anything. I mean, you know, I'm gonna, I'm, I mean I'm 27 years old, I'm like a bad period of life or I don't know what I'm trying to do, you know? You know,
I need to
point
it's a little better night. Mhm,
I know. He said, wow.
You
know, I was like one of those high school kids I like, dude, you know, I had like a strict father, you know, because of course asian father's right? So it was always like my ass in high school and actually get good grades and shit like that. You know one of the what they called Tiger Dad, right? So it was really wanted me like to go to college and I had, you know, I was like a straight a student, pretty much got
to go school texas university, I don't know, I appreciate but that right? But you know, since my dad was like so hard on me, like when I finally went to college and I was all free, like my first year I just did nothing but just fuck around, you know,
published,
you know, they focus on my schoolwork so fuck, I didn't maintain like my grade point average jail because I had to maintain a certain grade point average and fuck I didn't and so I don't know like school like it wasn't really for me, you know like I know, I know back then there are people always like go go to college, go to college, get your degree. Well like nowadays you don't really have to I mean you can still make a decent living without going to college, right?
Ever.
Well how many people do you know that like fucking have big college debt still. Right. I mean
a lot of people that saw so much money for going to college and I know that doesn't seem like a like it's worth it, right? Because I mean, yeah, I mean how long would it take to pay off those
loans and stuff like that?
Like
the girl the girl was talking last time when this chat, she said she was going for her masters and Doctor and she was like, she said she was like 32, or some of them. But she said she still like fucking $500,000 and that. Yeah, like half a million dollars. You know like I mean we meet someone with a doctorate and master. It's impressive, right? But there really half a million dollars like. Whoa,
I Okay.
Cold.
So
what about you, did you go to college and all your life or what?
What's up with that?
Get
back.
This
is not
What?
No.
thanks Yeah.
Mhm.
No. Mhm.
No.
like holding, is that what your answer or?
correct.
well okay um my mom and dad they got divorced really young you know when I told me when I was really young, you know? So my mom lived in new york and my dad was in texas and that's why I stayed with my dad in texas, he got remarried and everything, so I lived in texas and my mom was living in new york this whole time you know? So I mean I grew up I grew up in texas and did my thing, tried to go to college and shit like that, I was just working I don't know, I decided like I hadn't seen my mom in a few years, you know like because when I was growing up like during the summer from schools I would go to new york and visitor and stuff like that. But you know when I grow up all myself much are busy doing whatever, working, going to school, whatever. So I had to see my mom in a while and I was like looking, I was, I was in between jobs, I was on the point at the time, so I was second, you know, I'm gonna visit my mom called, my mom had visited a while and I just remember I came up here and I just decided like I'm, he was looking for a job and you know, it's like wonder if I could get a job here. I got started working like some telly and I just ended up just staying here and now you're bigger here. I am on prolific.
Yeah. I didn't really plan on staying here. You know, I just want to kind of take a break and move up here. But I just ended up fucking get a job. Say there.
What's there?
Well,
I
mean I'm not married another thing, but you know like all my friends I went to school with and stuff graduated like they don't have families and they have kids and stuff. I kind of feel like, man, I'm falling behind. Right. Is that a word? Do you have it?
I
can't do that
all
two.
It's
good.
Mm
Look
that's
it. Yeah.
What
call?
Yeah. I'm saying like, I mean, I guess like continue like my my family lineage, right? Like I would feel bad my family just like died on on me because I had no kids. You know they're kind of good right? I mean it's not going to think about like I don't want my dad my family name to die out because I couldn't have kids.
So what I oh
like I'm not being shame. Mhm. Oh how many kids did you say you had
do it up there holding it? I'm sure they hold their self.
Uh Are they married yourself? Do they
have families? No, you don't have no grandkids that Okay
so
so like yeah I mean you don't mind, do you honestly don't mind that you don't have a grand kids or something like that at all?
Bunch of your kids have kids.
Thanks.
Progress
shit.
That's cool.
Yes it is.
So.
Well how do we, you said when you left new york to Seattle?
And how are you now if you don't mind me asking
It's been 10 years. Huh? I mean do you miss New York?
You grew up your whole life here? Right.
You
still
you
still
have family out here to new york.
Oh you know family? Okay. So how did you how did you know
how did you have that movement to Sierra? How did that go?
that's what what kind of job is that?
Okay. That's cool. So like computers and stuff like that.
I heard it.
Yeah I think that's cool. I mean I wouldn't like because I don't think I don't want to do
labor in my whole life, right? Generally I wanted them. That's how it's supposed to work with computers or Yeah I don't know what I just feel like I'm falling behind, you know?
I
like
uh No, not really like that. I can make a career, you know? I mean I'm thinking like even some of my friends are talking about even like go to trade school or something. All right, learn a trade like well like air conditioning or electrician or coming even even that's better. Right.
time.
Yeah. I'm at that point in life where like I just got to try to find like the best job, you know? Not really what I like I want about life.
Crazy.
cost of living wise. How is Seattle compared
to new artists?
Oh, it's so high shadows. High.
Well
So like well like like a one bedroom apartment in New York would be like 1500. So how much how much was in Seattle would be higher
or lower the same.
Not saying.
Yeah, I was like, I mean like a Texas, you get a one bedroom for 700, Uh
it's crazy different places. I just hire
What?
You
know?
that's what life is is I don't have any grub and just making money paying bills. Right.
What?
Mhm Sounds good. Right? It's not because I go to like a page like oh man, I'm too old to do this or Do you want to go back to school? But I'm not all right,
27. I want to call it being stupid. I'm not stupid. So sometimes you know my mind I
just
well like I said, I compare myself to like friends I grew up with and they're doing so good and I mean I can so change, right man.
What?
what Chaz so we're good then, my brother.
All right. But it was it was good talking to you man. I appreciate the words of encouragement stuff. I'm going to get out there, right? Alright man, take it, take it easy brother. Have a good day,