Okay. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm. Not all the time. Mm. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Sure. Right. Okay. You have to do it. Yeah. Mhm. In real numbers? Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. The collection. Hello? I can't hear you, Can you? Mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
I can't hear.
I hear you now.
No, no worries. Right.
My name is resting
or earth game
Okay. Hey, Brandon.
uh The uh my family heritage is italian the names originally.
Greek origin. Yeah.
No worries. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
You're right.
Mhm.
I can hear you.
Your people.
No worries.
I can hear you.
No,
whatever.
I'm doing okay. Thank you. How about you?
Yeah, but I believe that's pretty much like I said, I mean, you always think like if I don't believe why are people doing this? You know, and really about, you know, like I said, making a few dollars then if somewhat easy. Well most people away. Yeah.
pretty
much, no no no guidelines which I found interesting. I mean I've done other you know similar to this being paired off with somebody else that you know you've never met and having a conversation but they were always kind
of guidelines
and uh some uh criteria and parameter, this is the first one where like you know just get and good luck um Which is some ways harder, you know like I said 25 minutes is not a lot of time but when you're you
know you know trying to figure out what to talk about, sometimes it can be a long time, so long.
No actually I've done a couple of these already.
Well it's interesting. I mean
the other two that I did were each one was kind of different. I mean in terms of how we, we we we approached him, what I threw out there is like, you know, well yeah, I mean generally in this kind of scenario how you're gonna start, you're gonna start with the usual traditional way high hawaii, what's your name from, do you know, kind of thing? And I'm like yeah alright that's you know, that's that's just seems so so boring. I don't know, you know, it just seems so
yeah, well you know like that in some cases you have no choice but you have to try to find something to try to talk about it at the time and to try to find some area of commonality. So I kind of threw that out there and it was interesting, you know uh what what the other participants thought about uh doing that, you know, and and whatnot. So it was interesting, it was interesting conversations. So yeah it's
the first one
I'm in Seattle. Yeah.
Oh really? I'm from new york originally. No. Yeah so uh
I grew up in Brooklyn,
Gosh, I grew up in Bensonhurst,
I was born in new york. Yeah.
yeah, no no no I was born and raised in new york, I left there about seven years ago when we came out here, so
I want it by now,
Why I left New York, I was 50 E, seven, something like that.
pretty much, pretty much, yeah
pretty pretty
much I'm going to go on a limb and guess you are, you are not a new yorker.
Okay, where are you?
Okay and how?
How long have you been in new york?
What's happened in a while? Okay, so so so so you're, you've, you've got, you've gotten acclimated, you, you know, so you're, you're, you're fully into the whole, whole new york's mood uh
coming, so yeah,
Oh yeah, particularly like I said, I mean, you know, if you're coming from, we're in texas, did you come from?
Okay, so that's a, that's a good sized city, so it's not like, you know, not like you're out in the country or anything or whatnot or whatever, so,
but
yeah, there's no comparison, you know, like I said, you know, I mean san Antonio, I'm assuming it's kind of a smallish city in comparison to new york, which is new york.
there's
not too many cities you can come from where, you know, you're going to be used to it. I mean big big cities like London, you know, and stuff like that, which are, you know, a little bit similar but you know, in terms of, you know, any any new york city's Yeah, no, even, you know, boston Chicago maybe Chicago a little bit, you know, if you're from Chicago get too much, but yeah, yeah, for sure.
Your big, you know, and, and uh you know, yeah and very, you know, like I said very much very much urban and
Chicago has a lot of, you know, a similar type of buildings and architecture. Not as many, you know,
not
enough, you know that that you get that whole, that that that that that whole vibe, but it's kind of a high energy kind of a city, you know, maybe not as in new york. I don't know, I mean I've only gone there you know on a vacation, you know, for a few days so I really didn't get to experience it, but it feels like, you know, it has a lot of the same energy, you know? So yeah.
very much very much, yeah, it's a completely different finds interesting, it's nice, so I mean, you know, I like it um um So you know a yeah, I just I just, you know uh yeah north pacific Northwest is neat, I'm enjoying it out here, so.
Yeah, I spent time in san Francisco, I like, I like it there also, but yeah, that's neat. Um that's what are your plans to in new york for some period of time or do you eventually ever gonna
you know uh let's let's put it this way, I'm 65
and
I'm trying to figure out what I'm gonna do, so don't worry.
figure it out, it all kind of works out, you know? So
yeah, yeah. You know, you just kinda
have
well done,
That's that's not
that's not unusual, you know what I mean?
Indeed. Indeed. Yeah,
the whole the whole thing about, right, you know, like I said, I mean that just kind of a has become a where like it has to do it, you know, kind of kind of a kind of kind of thing. It's like, well now, maybe not everything, you know, and why, you know, and particularly like I said, you know, when you think about the expense and whatnot, you know, like really, you know, uh maybe there's another way, like you said, you know, maybe maybe it's not for everybody and you know, um So, you know, I agree with uh kind of got locked into that, you know, kind of like you know, if you don't go to college, you're not doing the right thing, you know, it's not true, you know everybody is different and so uh
yeah that's the thing, that's a problem
hey.
Exactly, exactly, yeah, you're you're putting yourself into a deep hole right at the get go
and
That's insane. That's that's that's particularly like I said, I mean, you know, for somebody who's young, you're already immediately put yourself to all that
you
need to try to get out of and then how do you think about buying a house and how do you think about anything? Yeah, you know when you've already got like I said half a million dollars in debt, you let me get a mortgage now on top of that, right, That's it, that's it, that's my life, you know, I'm mean. And then how do you plan, you know like it sets for the future on top of that? So it's like that's just, that's the second sanity, you know that? Um But uh yeah, there's gotta be a better way, you know? And uh I think what's happening that people are starting to, you know, figure out and find out that, hey hold on, you know, maybe that's not the good path necessarily, you know? So um the american dream, you know, quote unquote,
you know,
little bit, you know? Um So so I can I can relate to you. I took took the traditional round, I went to the college, I thought I was supposed to go to uh
uh in new york ST john's um and didn't like it, didn't like
it at all. I
toughed it out for a little under two years and then switched out. I end up going to music school. Uh
Ever
still, it wasn't, you know, great. And so yeah, I can relate to when you say yes, cool wouldn't necessarily my thing or didn't feel like
that's the thing that I wanted to do at that time, you know? But just kind of forced it because you have to do it, that's what you do. Um It's not good. It's a mistake, you know, and you have not feeling guilty about it, you know, forever because I should have and like I said, well, you know, I did okay, you know, a man somehow, you know, like I said, got jobs, you know, made money uh you know, did the whole thing and what whatever, without having had the, you know, the college degree, but it was still always a thing, you know? and it's still today even as a thing, you know, not that I'm applying for jobs,
you know anymore or what not and whatever, where it's still, you have a college degree and if you don't like an instant or you're out, you know, kind of really, you know, really doesn't like, you know, experience count for anything or doesn't, you know, factors account for anything
you know, always changing a little bit in some areas like in technology, you know, where um
you know,
if you have coding skills, you know,
they don't necessarily care so much if you have a degree or not or what not or whatever they're more concerned about. You know, like I said, you're coding ability which is good, you know, which which that's, you know, particularly because like I said, I mean they're looking at a lot of, you know, even younger than college kids, you know with Cody going into the industry, so that's good, you know, like I said, it's been a bit of a shift there in it, so, you know, but I don't know, so
uh No, I was never a serious coder, I worked, you know, the companies that I worked, we're you know, we're involved in technology and stuff, you know, so I learned a little bit of programming language, you know, and you know, but never formally, you know, you know, kind of kind of kind of kind of thing,
but it's interesting, so so how did you end up in new york, did you just decide you wanted to go to new york? And it was a real
but
well that's how it works out sometimes. Yeah, like I said, I mean you can make all the plans you want, you know, kind of try to come up with, you know, which, you know, it could be good, you know? But it doesn't always things like that don't always develop in that way, but you just kinda have
to, you know, sometimes just go with the flow and see where see where things, especially when you're young. You know, it's like yeah, that's the best time to do that. You know, like just kind of go with it and see where things take you, you know, and take advantage of the fact that, you know, you're not necessarily lockdown
or tie down, you know what not,
you know, so
Oh yeah. Yeah. You
should
see, see, see again
that's that's that's that's the problem.
People get caught up in this, okay, I'm supposed to like that, go
to college, you gotta
you gotta get a job, and I got to get married, I got to have kids, I got to have a house, you know? And like, yeah, okay, that's not that's not necessarily the right. Yes. For everybody, you know, I mean, that's just kind of like what what's been put out there as what you're supposed to do and maybe not. Uh So yeah,
you shouldn't get too hung too hung up on it, and I'm surprised to be hearing that from somebody young, like you, yeah, like I said, I thought, you know, uh kids today, we're more not
so focused on that kind of stuff, but you're saying a lot of
your peers
are doing that, so
you're saying that you're
like, wow, okay. You know? Yeah, I should be that way, I don't know, you know?
Brooke
that, yeah,
I have to have two kids
There there there there there by your age, 27,
nope,
Yeah,
with
no, no,
no, it's
whatever, whatever, whatever, whatever they want to do, whatever works for them, whatever makes sense for them. Like I said, you know? Yeah, it's like, it's like I'm good. Um it
make a difference to me, like I said,
when I'm gone, it doesn't make a difference, you know, But it makes a difference, so so it's like whatever they need to do that that works for them is the most important thing, so yeah,
Yeah, so, but uh but yeah, yeah, so, you know, it is what it is, so yeah,
yeah, pretty much.
Um but yeah, new york, yeah, it's been it's been up,
That was about 56 I get, yeah
I'm 65. Yeah that's fine
A little bit. I I don't miss it as much as I thought I would miss it. Uh To be honest. Well I see again I mean I lived there a good long time you know? So
it's a great city and everything but you know it felt like it was time for a change and you know and and that was a great place and like I said it just just just the timing was good and it was a good decision, I really like it out here so so yeah so like I said I don't regret it at all and like I said don't miss new york uh that friends obviously you know you know friends missing them you
know
he
did
it.
I don't have any family in new york. No.
so yeah
job came up and it was really good and
oh gosh you was working for a company I don't know if you know well you might have been in college. Pro quest is a big big deal to college students because you know their their uh their academic research kind of kind of stuff. So anyway. Proquest is a company that does the work with the data and content mostly for libraries and stuff. Um So that's how I ended up here. Yeah I got a gig with them so
your computer is a big part of it. Yeah
I mean they were a technology focused company. Uh
but
you haven't have you ever done any kind of you know uh you know work with you know a computer or technology or coding
or
that?
Well it depends I guess I mean it really depends on what you want to do and what you end up, you know, you know needing or you know what you you know like I said I mean obviously and it depends on where you are to surviving in new york yeah
you know that's that's a challenge. Uh
and that's what I mean, you know if you if you're determined to stay in new york and if you are determined to find a place to live, you know what not and whatever that's going to be tough because it's new york and it's insane, you know it's ridiculous to you know uh the the cost of living in new york but you know get out locked into,
you can go anywhere, you know what I mean? And and and enjoy you know enjoy life and not have to you know have a cost a fortune and you know and and what not so you've got options, you know, so it's a good thing,
it's
high uh it's
become very very high, it didn't used to be
it's not new york expensive was close. Uh
it's
in that range, you know depending on
depending what neighborhood you're going to be and yeah, that's that.
exactly.
Well, you know. Yeah, I mean that's just that's just the thing I mean, you know, but
that's why I said, you know somebody like you you have options, you know like I said you can go somewhere else, you know where it's affordable and you're not strapping yourself, you know you and enjoy life you know rather than be stuck, you know. Yeah, where all of your effort is towards living, you know or or basic living, you know paying rent and the cost
of food
and what man, you know, enjoy yourself, you know what what what what is that?
That's all I mean? Look, that's that's all I
will tell you. Like I said, your point in life, you got a lot of options, you've got a lot of opportunities, you have a lot of ways to go, you know, whatever, don't get locked into anything, you know, enjoy yourself. I'm jewish, you know, so this is to do at this point um you know, I worry about the other stuff later on. Uh Oh yeah, you just kind of go with the flow and have some fun, you know? So why not?
hmm.
I
can't help it. You know, you can't you can't help.
You gotta try not to look at that. Like I said, you got to try to focus on yourself, you know, worry about like I said what's what's important to you, what you want
to do, what your priorities are and just go with it, you know? So that's that's all I can tell yourself. But uh so anyway I think we've hit what we need if we're
if we're good. Yeah.
you too. Yeah.