SPEAKER_L: Okay. Mhm wow. Oh mm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. All right. What? Yeah, but, wow. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Okay. Oh Tax mhm. Next mhm. Yeah mm. Yeah. Well mhm. Yeah. The half, yeah. Oh Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: Hi.
SPEAKER_R: well let me fix my audio really quick.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. And I can look through the top of your head too
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me okay?
SPEAKER_L: so now I can see how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. Good. Is this your first time doing this?
SPEAKER_R: Um It's actually my second but the first time was really good.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, this is my 7th.
SPEAKER_R: Oh so this is the last one.
SPEAKER_L: This is the last one. Like every time they add one more and I finally to this is the third time this week I've tried to meet with somebody and the other two times somebody didn't show up. So I'm glad you should. I'm going to put a time around so we have our 25 minutes. For sure. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Okay thank you.
SPEAKER_L: you're welcome. Hold on one moment so I can find it hold on. Yeah. Oh come on phone. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: I've been trying to do more than one but I sometimes I get the
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: email alert like too late and I miss it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah sometimes it'll be like 8:00 AM for like 5:00 that night and you're like why not work you know like I can't do that. So anyway my name is Wendy
SPEAKER_R: Jesse
SPEAKER_L: Jeff. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: Long island.
SPEAKER_L: Long Island? Okay so you guys on lockdown again or what what are you on voluntary lockdown? Are you on like they put you on lockdown?
SPEAKER_R: Um A little bit of both right now where we have like a steak curfew Um everything closes at 10 and I do have a family with me that's positive right now. So I am working from home quarantining for the two
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: weeks.
SPEAKER_L: gosh I'm so sorry.
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: I know you're so
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: scared.
SPEAKER_R: is my third round already. I already used
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: to.
SPEAKER_L: guess it's a different part of the planet when you're like you've been through that so often. Huh?
SPEAKER_R: What about you?
SPEAKER_L: Um Well I'm in southern Maryland so if you if you know where we'll of course you find where D. C. Is. I am about 40 minutes south of D. C. I
SPEAKER_R: cock.
SPEAKER_L: was born and raised right on the D. C. Border though. Um So
SPEAKER_R: I have family. Uh I forget which city she lives in but I know she's not far from D. C.
SPEAKER_L: so there's clinton up in marble, Temple hills, camp springs wall doors. Anything sound familiar? Nothing.
SPEAKER_R: nah.
SPEAKER_L: Okay sorry So I literally you could throw a stone and I could hit the D. C. Line from where I grew up. Um After my father passed away I kept just moving more south and north so now I'm 40 minutes late and it's nice it's so quiet here. We have an extremely low coded rate but we are still at pretty good risk because we're so close to D. C. And we have a lot of military people who travel to. So we have some risk. Um I just started a new job and I actually got my job because they when Kobe first hit they laid off everybody in my job and then they realized oh we we need those people and so those people have gone on to get better jobs or different jobs and then one of them didn't they did a drug test and she didn't pass the drug test so they let her go. Um So I'm actually an essential employee, I have to go to work. So like I'm like nervous, you know? Because unfortunately where I live in the country where I work is really close to a pretty big city in Saint Mary's County, so I'm a little nervous of what I'm going to be encountering. Have you had covid get, what was it like? Was it awful?
SPEAKER_R: It wasn't that bad I would say on a scale of 1-10 It was like a five. The worst. Yeah the worst part was losing my taste and smell. That was the worst
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: part
SPEAKER_L: friend lost her taste of Felons. Did you get it right back after like 14 days or did it take some time?
SPEAKER_R: I would say by the third week I got it back. Yeah so
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: thankfully because I was so scared I would be months without it.
SPEAKER_L: That sucks. Oh, that's so horrified. I know a few times that I wasn't feeling good and I thought I had it, I would go around sniffing candles to feel like a smell like I hardly taste food anyway, but because I smoked for too many years my taste, but they're all still jacked up from that. Um Like they're not, I mean I can taste food now, but believe me, you don't want, if you haven't smoked, you shouldn't start because it really Jackson, your taste look bad. Um I mean I haven't smoked for like five years, but I smoked for like 15, so you know um Yeah, it's pretty scary. So what kind of, what kind of work do you do? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I do customer support job to be honest. I'm trying to find a new job too.
SPEAKER_L: stressful.
SPEAKER_R: Not good with it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Which
SPEAKER_R: What about you?
SPEAKER_L: the same thing, same thing if we do for infrastructure for were broadband services, so we, you know, we have to be at work but we're on front line customer support. So we actually are face to face with people. What kind of, what kind of industry are you in?
SPEAKER_R: It's I'm I do it for tenants of like an apartment complex so it's been especially stressful now because everyone, you know sometimes someone with Covid is just like oh can you come fix my toilet or
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: you know?
SPEAKER_L: so it sounds like Dhoni maintenance. Okay. Yeah. Years ago I was really young. I did that for a company that did it for like big businesses and that was a pain to, you know, you can never make these people happy, but you know when your tools don't work, you can't make us happy either. So I do understand that. So what kind of work are you looking into?
SPEAKER_R: Oh to be honest I'm not really sure what I want to do, I've had it, I have like a degree in business and I honestly I'm at the point where like I just don't know what I want to do, but I know now that I'm not a people person and I do not like customer support.
SPEAKER_L: so there goes your degree in business, right. Maybe you should get your master's degrees that way you can run the projects And you don't have to worry about the people, you know now I know what you I mean, I have a I have a master's degree but I got lupus um 10 years ago and that kind of threw me off my trail and so I was in law enforcement at the time and I couldn't carry a gun anymore because I was getting too many headaches and so but honey when I see the way law enforcement treated now I'm like who I really dodged that. But thank god I got out of the field you know because I was along I was a cop in D. C. So yeah I would have really been taken the brunt of it.
SPEAKER_R: Especially with right now, Yeah, you're right.
SPEAKER_L: for sure for sure. And so then I started my own cleaning company but then I became allergic to latex and people have latex in their homes and their offices.
SPEAKER_R: everywhere.
SPEAKER_L: So I didn't work for like a year and a half and I had somebody to live off of. But I just I was applying for disability. They kept turning me down And I was just like if I even got because I would have gotten a pretty big disability check. But I was looking at I was like, well if I get to really check, that means I'm only going to get that check plus I can earn $800 a month and I'm not going to have the freedom I want. So I decided to start, you know, like go back to the drawing board in and start all over again. So we had our practical test with the customer service and they told me I did phenomenal. So I think I'm probably going to get a supervisor position in a year and a half or something like that and I'll be be happy. You know, I'll be thankful and just keep rolling, You know, so 10:00 curfew for all of New York.
SPEAKER_R: Um the city and Long Island yet,
SPEAKER_L: So you
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: really shy, aren't you? Are you kind of shy? It's okay. I'll close my eyes. You can just talk, we can talk without look at each other. I
SPEAKER_R: That's fine.
SPEAKER_L: promise you, I don't bite. Um, well we don't have any curfews here and our county doesn't have anything going on. But you know what? I don't take any of that for granted because I threw the virus doesn't know where my county is and the other county is. And you know, I wear my mask all the time, you know, and our company actually gives us mass to have the, the thing on the nose that is really tight. It's got a little ear things that you can pull the ear things that you're really like. It's literally pasted to your face all day. But they let us get as many as we want and then they have hand sanitizers everywhere. And they made the rules difference that the customers can't get too close to us and there can only be one
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: customer at a time. So, you know. Well
SPEAKER_R: how long have you been there now?
SPEAKER_L: just five weeks. Just just five weeks. It was kind of cool though because I applied and I was like, oh I'm never going to get this. I was getting so depressed because I'm getting older and I really just wanted to work again and I got this email on, I want to say like the 18th, it was a friday afternoon and the ladies like can I do a meet and greet over the phone like Sure. So I didn't get graham like, oh well whatever, that's not going to go anywhere. Then she sends me email, can you interview with me on monday? So it's friday's meeting great monday with the interview by that thursday. Like we want to offer you the job. You coming on friday and signed the paperwork and he start the next monday. I'm like holy crap, that happened way too quick, You know because I had other plans. Like I wanted to go to some doctors appointments and do other stuff. But everything, I just like, you know what, this is life now, this is what it's going to be. And so I went from not working at all sleep until 10 AM till I leave the house at six a.m. Now I don't get home till six o'clock at night. But that's the way life is. You know.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You never know what's gonna come up,
SPEAKER_L: So were you, do you go to office regularly if you're not quarantine?
SPEAKER_R: yep, I go to an office regularly. Tibet to half hour away
SPEAKER_L: Do you drive you take the train or how's that work in new york?
SPEAKER_R: dr although there was a hot minute where I was going to the city and I was taking the train and that was really nice, but that was way before Covid last
SPEAKER_L: train is nice
SPEAKER_R: year
SPEAKER_L: when I worked downtown. I was always took the train. I worked for transit police. So we got to ride the train for free. You know
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: writing
SPEAKER_L: we had
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: like our card was activated. We can write anytime we want it for free. Um I won't work a job unless I get a free service like I get free cable and internet now and Tivo and all that good stuff. You have to give me something for free to get me to work for you.
SPEAKER_R: I understand what you mean. Exactly. It's like a really nice two and 1
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah so that is one thing so like I don't have an internet bill anymore because I work for them so it's
SPEAKER_R: that's pretty
SPEAKER_L: you know it
SPEAKER_R: and cable
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: bill,
SPEAKER_L: good cable and I get HBO Showtime Cinemax maybe channel stars half price pay per view. I don't I didn't get a home phone but if I wanted to I could get that for half price. Um But who uses a home phone anymore so I just didn't um But I get that on two TVs and then I get the internet for free.
SPEAKER_R: we're stuck with optimum over here and it's horrible. I don't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know his optimum down there.
SPEAKER_L: no no but I know what optimum is, I know what a lot of the cable providers are. Years and years and years ago. I was very young. I work for Comcast back on
SPEAKER_R: I remember
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: Comcast.
SPEAKER_L: back when I was actually Comcast before it became Xfinity. So I'm very familiar with the cable industry. I actually wanted to, I want my friends in Birmingham Alabama, I want to move down there and um I went to interview a charter cable down there. I swear they discriminate against me because I didn't have a southern accent because I was, I'm telling you I went through, they actually have the slide there twice and on the second interview they are like, they asked me something, they asked me about my accent and I'm like well this is my accent and they're like well if a customer is mad, I'm like, do you think? I think they thought like at a yankee accent and that, that would offend people with a deep Southern accent, which I guess it might, you know? But I was like, well damn, I got turned down for a job. I'm a yankee. You know, I'm not even like a yankee like you, I'm like a father Maryland yankee, okay,
SPEAKER_R: your accent sounds more southern to me but that's funny.
SPEAKER_L: yours doesn't sound very new york ish. But you know, it's definitely not as southern as mine is. So I have a friend who lives in Albion new york, but that's like up in the mountains.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that sounds
SPEAKER_L: She
SPEAKER_R: really out noise.
SPEAKER_L: she has like the type a blood and she has COPD and she's overweight and she's got some other issue. And so she has not left the house since Covid started. She is terrified and I'm pretty scared too. But I can't live in my house, you know? I just can't. Like as soon as soon as the store, the list to start going back to stores. I went to that I started going back to Mass and I started, you know, hanging out and go and I did go to my friend's house for dinner. What I shouldn't have done. Like I was sneaking over there. You know, she's the one that lost her taste. Like I got really lucky. I looked out but not getting the covid from her. Um I guess everybody in new york's headed, huh?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we definitely had a really high rate and stuff I would say by the time summer rolled around was when everyone was just like
SPEAKER_L: Can't take it anymore.
SPEAKER_R: and now with the holidays and stuff like it's so hard.
SPEAKER_L: Do they have restrictions for the holidays too?
SPEAKER_R: Um Not yet. I mean they've been saying in the news you know like air on the side of caution and everything but at this point I'm not going to go to my grandma's for thanksgiving.
SPEAKER_L: Where does she live at
SPEAKER_R: She's a Valley two hours away and not as upstate as your friend but little upstate
SPEAKER_L: like near like was she near
SPEAKER_R: Rockland
SPEAKER_L: Rockland
SPEAKER_R: by
SPEAKER_L: County?
SPEAKER_R: the G. W. Bridge.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I know where that is. Okay. Yeah. I had I used to live in New Hampshire and so I had to go straight up that I think I went over the G. W. To f.
SPEAKER_R: You can get there by that yet.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. If it was because I'm pretty sure that G. D. Because the marathon is 1995 of it. I don't think that Arizona's I think it's 1 95.
SPEAKER_R: Good
SPEAKER_L: I'm not sure. But I know I know the G. W. Is on 95 because I used to I went over that one way to go to New Hampshire. I didn't follow my map and I open the G. W. Bridge. I do remember that because I used to um date if I remember how enough I used to always leave. So I hit um New York City because I had to drive right if I was 95 drive right through New York City. So I always want to hit it like at I want to say like between 12 and two o'clock in the afternoon or if I was going to do it at night like anything after midnight. But let me tell you something the first time I drove through New york city scared the living daylights out of me because I didn't know like when, when the cops pull you over around here, it's just like where were you know? And when they point when they, when the cops are going past you in New york city, it's like this Right, Right. Right. It's like this huge Halloween
SPEAKER_R: everything's
SPEAKER_L: sound.
SPEAKER_R: louder. People
SPEAKER_L: And it's
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: running across
SPEAKER_L: is,
SPEAKER_R: the street.
SPEAKER_L: it's echoing and you can hear, you know like it literally sounds like the guy was on top of me and he wasn't trying to pull me over. He was trying to get past me and I was just a lot of and this dude is like, right, all your rock scared. I mean I remember that like it was yesterday. It scared me so bad. So I always try to be really nice with people and lights and sirens Like be considered these people
SPEAKER_R: Driving in the city is
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: definitely
SPEAKER_L: had.
SPEAKER_R: the worst.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I don't I I know
SPEAKER_R: How you doing?
SPEAKER_L: like a lot of people won't um have cars in new york city and
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: it's like
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: worth
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: see because indeed well a lot of people in D. C. Do drive because we have more regular homes right in D. C. Proper. But the parking there if you don't live in a house, The parking there is like $6 $700 a month just to park. You have to be so uber rich to drive in D. C. But the trains are nice but they don't go 24/7. They're not like new york. It trains closed down now at night.
SPEAKER_R: Um You know I haven't even bothered us because I don't take the train anymore but I think with Covid they stopped um they weren't even going as late anymore. Think they stopped it
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: probably
SPEAKER_L: about
SPEAKER_R: around
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: 10 maybe.
SPEAKER_L: who have what about people who have to work like sanitation workers?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: So. Okay so help me understand new york because I'm not a real geography person. Long Island is off of new york. Right? New york city.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's like this is new york. Well I guess like that and then Long Island that little sliver the city would be here. This is upstate there's a city and the long island's at random sliver.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So how long does it take you to get to new york city
SPEAKER_R: Um I would say without traffic probably an hour and a half
SPEAKER_L: and there's no trains in the Long Island? Right because it's
SPEAKER_R: you can check yep there's
SPEAKER_L: so you
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: they're not used as widely um As probably should because it's on an island, but I can take a ride from where I am
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: straight to the city will probably take about an hour.
SPEAKER_L: but that's nice to you put your headsets on in chill and not stop, go stop. I did hate that. Um When I did have to drive from Prince George's County in Montgomery county to work which is like up north. I hated the traffic. I totally
SPEAKER_R: I hate
SPEAKER_L: hate it. Like really?
SPEAKER_R: traffic.
SPEAKER_L: It made you tired before you went to work and then when you got home got off of work you're already exhausted. And by the time you got home Now, one nice thing about living out of the country one stoplight maybe two if this film is 55, everybody does 75.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah the Maryland state police love us. I have pulled over like 10-10 times the first year I was here. I didn't never get a ticket because I talked my way out of them. But um it's really crazy like I mean these people come up with these huge pickup trucks they're like the size of half of your house and they just they run down the highway at 90 mph. They're like you in order to see any traffic. I have to go 10 minutes past where I work and I work 20 minutes from home. It is so nice to never sit in traffic. Never.
SPEAKER_R: That sounds
SPEAKER_L: I mean like you never drives wonderful. I I freak out like my friends still lives in P. G. County where I I grew up and everyone so I'll go down to see him and I freak out when I see the traffic. I'm just horrified because I lived in the southern Maryland area now for five years so I'm very spoiled and where I live there is some like the laws are really relaxed like we don't have an inspection vehicle inspections and I know like. I know but you know what you know what I have for neighbors. The Amish, The Amish are my neighbors. Um If I go half a mile up the road like I have to share the road with the Amish like coming out of our neighborhood and my roommate actually drive through the Amish because they don't drive. So they they like she's like an Amish Uber So they call her and she takes some places yeah
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: pretty
SPEAKER_L: real and they pay like 80 cents a mile. Of course
SPEAKER_R: Damn.
SPEAKER_L: they're kind of rude. I mean
SPEAKER_R: I bet.
SPEAKER_L: they're kind of rude. They, you know, they don't, well they're not in tune with our culture and so they'll ask for like crazy things like can
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: you do this and this you know for so many hours at night, you know like I'm really tired, you know my roommates like it's really dark out here and oh my gosh, so we have this tracking system on our phone, like I can see where she is and she can see where I am. And one night I was like, I wonder where the Amish took her. I knew that because I got this message on my phone and say, am I watch saying that she had left the house and it looked like she was like smack dab in the middle of the woods somewhere like like in Virginia, which is like 20 minutes south of us here, right? And To go to southern Virginia is 20 minutes ago. North Virginia, it's the other direction. It's an hour. Okay. So anyway, so I was like I called, I was like where are you? And she's like I am literally in the middle of the woods. Apparently some Amish guy was clearing the woods and he had a stroke and he died. And so the people who live there, the Amish people who lived there called the Amish people because they have a phone you like in the outhouse kind of thing, like a little like a shed and called them and they were like, well someone so died, you Enos died or something and can you come to the funeral and they didn't tell her she was going to middle of woods, it was pitch black at night. They told her nothing they church in. I mean she made like 100 $50 on the ride. But it was still like holy crap. She was literally in the middle of nowhere. So around here we have the Amish and a whole bunch of farmers. Oh, but I'll tell you the funniest story yesterday. My one of my really good friends is a priest, right? And I was going to go to mass of his parish. So because I have an illness always carry a book bag with me with my medicine stuff like that. Okay. It's funny. Uh huh. So um when you do this interview, but like when he talked the whole time, okay, so I pull out of my house and I see this blue pickup truck coming in my neighborhood in the first house on the street. It's creeping. And I grew up in the city and a car that creams is not good. Right. So I went back and I lost my, I pulled back so I pulled back in and I turned, I turned around to come back to the house was like, let me go lock the garage, right? Because this is not good. I'm the only one home that was the only one home. So I come back and I locked the garage and I sit in the car and I was like, oh crap, I'm glad that they were creeping because I forgot my medicine bag. Right, okay. So I went back in the house and I'm like, they're still here, but now they're parked in front of my neighbor on like, on the other side of street. And um so I was like, where is my neighbor? Because my neighbors, this big burly white dude, right? And he's got this dog will scare the living daylights out. He was just like, like, and it lunges at the, at the, at the um, his
SPEAKER_R: Go away.
SPEAKER_L: cholera, his collar, right? So like when I first moved here, I was like, oh my God, this dogs going to kill me, right? Like I was so scared that neighbors like, come on, molly, come on and molly tales wagon. I'm like molly, molly! Just scared the living daylights out of me. I got nuclear. Okay, So I don't see the guy and I don't see, oh, by the way, they brought our dog back home, so they're nice, you know? But
SPEAKER_R: Dawn.
SPEAKER_L: I don't see this guy outside and this truck that was creeping is now in front of their house. I'm like something ain't right with that because that guy would come out because molly would definitely say something, right? So I'm sitting here and watching it from my driveway. So I pulled creep up to the top of my driveway, I'm still looking and I'm giving the side eye and all of a sudden I see the girl, she's like throwing something at their trunk, right? Like he's on one side of the truck and she's on the other side on the back of the truck and they're throwing something the truck, like these people are bs and me, you know, like they are just trying to really stoned me out, like they're going to rob my house, right? And I'm like, why is she throwing what looks like rice? It looked like at a wedding? She was like throwing rice at a wedding, right? Like why is she throwing rice? Okay, okay. I sit there for like another 2030 seconds. Of course. You know the guy who in the house and molly and outside, next thing I know out of the woods comes this big fat hen. They were trying to coax their hand back into the chocolate with whatever the corner where so I'm just like you and I I had no idea. That's how you caught in when it ran away from home. Uh huh. I want that on my front porch talking on the phone in the middle of summer. Like my neighbor who's got like a house and a pool and everything, they got a damn cow in the backyard. So now like on our, on our neighborhood page, like people like did you lose your hand, your hand is up the street or your your dog or your one day there was coming home from work and there was a bull in the middle of the road, I'm like holy week, the place is really crazy
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: isn't that,
SPEAKER_L: But the hen was the Basket one because I was like, somebody's trying to rob my house and they're creeping up there. No wonder they're creeping, they're trying to find their damn heads. You know, they probably got a message on facebook like hey is your big fat white hand over here because it's in our bank. I should find out who my neighbors are. You
SPEAKER_R: before
SPEAKER_L: know who
SPEAKER_R: wrong?
SPEAKER_L: more my neighbors are, our next door neighbor, our our dog kept getting out. We have a husky german shepherd mix and our next
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: door neighbor has. I know she's beautiful and she's old but she's naughty and she runs all over the place like we don't have any like real control over her. Well she smells like my roommate a lot, you know like they hang out together a lot and the neighbor next door has a full blown german shepherd and I guess our dog was going into their yard and that dog came over and thought that my neighbor was, my roommate was the dog because they smell they smell the same and bit my roommate. So we know that neighbor, we know the neighbor for sure. Thank God that dog like let go like it took like one big chunk and then the neighbors like Duke come here, you know? So do I mean we didn't choose, we end up on the people's court or just shooting or anything. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Was it a bad,
SPEAKER_L: it was pretty nasty. I mean it wasn't a mauling or anything but you know she's got skinny arms and it just you know like it was a good like I was, I looked at that like I don't ever want to get a bit like that, you know for sure. And thank God dude, I guess you took one bite and it's like oh this isn't the dog, this is a person and I don't want to do anything. So now Duke were so far in the country, like if that happened in new york, they put that dog down or like you like anything.
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: would it would definitely be some something
SPEAKER_L: right out here
SPEAKER_R: you're crazy.
SPEAKER_L: out here, we made a gentleman's agreement that we wouldn't go to court and we just didn't go to court, we should have a court that day. And they're like, do you want to, Well we went to court and she stayed home and I showed up at court and I was like their like do you want to testify? And was like no? And judges like, okay, well have a good day. You know, we dropping the case, find the paperwork and that's where we live. When I got one time I got pulled over for doing like 80 and 55 and I just said I don't have the money to pay it. And they were like okay, you're broke signed the paper.
SPEAKER_R: cheers.
SPEAKER_L: It's a it's a different world, you know, it's definitely a
SPEAKER_R: New york will milk you for every penny
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you have.
SPEAKER_L: know, I know, I know. I don't know how people could survive in new york, especially like new york city, but I mean it's one it's probably wonderful life too when you don't have Covid. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: True, definitely nothing short of entertainment.
SPEAKER_L: Right. That's what I'm saying and like we have to make up our own entertainment here with bulls and we we like we have a lot of backyard fires and swimming pool parties and stuff like that, but it's nothing like new york, you know? Um totally not though. I like I have to drive like 15 minutes to get to a grocery store And like even dollar general is 10 minutes away and closest gas station is 10 minutes away. So like you're pretty far out there,
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: annoying.
SPEAKER_L: know? It is really annoying. So we're done if you want to be done, if you would like talk from another 10 seconds or something.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: I think we're good.
SPEAKER_R: do you got? Did you eat dinner already?
SPEAKER_L: I did. I came home at 6:00. My room is set in the catch like nothing was going on. Um I had cod thawing out in the freezer refrigerators. I made cotton and rice and broccoli. What about
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: you?
SPEAKER_R: sounds good. I'm going to make some little tacos. I had some leftovers. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: I want tacos so bad. Somebody work was talking about tacos. Tacos. Take some extra work, you know?
SPEAKER_R: true. but I already have the stuff laid out a little bit easy. Just got to make a the tortillas. Heat it all up and put it in
SPEAKER_L: That sounds good. You're making the re fried beans and everything.
SPEAKER_R: maybe. Now that you suggested I might,
SPEAKER_L: You haven't at home? You have to have a home, right?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I always got beans at the house.
SPEAKER_L: Do you have a soul? So and everything?
SPEAKER_R: I do but I don't have cheese. Okay
SPEAKER_L: come
SPEAKER_R: we got
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: to get tried and cheese. I know the plate.
SPEAKER_L: You have. Do you have a block of cheese?
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: Are you in an apartment?
SPEAKER_R: no I have a house.
SPEAKER_L: Well then can you go to the store and get cheese?
SPEAKER_R: You're fine we'll
SPEAKER_L: I mean how
SPEAKER_R: go.
SPEAKER_L: can you talk? Is that cheese that's like the third bite in? Like when the third layer in its the cheese you know what I'm saying? Like that's like especially crumbling and Oh yeah you kind of cheese. That sounds amazing. I gotta make tacos but I like hard shell tacos
SPEAKER_R: Me too.
SPEAKER_L: but you're making tortillas. Huh? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I have a hard shell.
SPEAKER_L: Well if you're going
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: to string?
SPEAKER_R: when you have the hard shell you can just couldn't know,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Why I stopped eating crap tacos like Taco Bell. And I really like If I'm gonna have tacos we we do have a which is so funny. In the middle of Amish country, we have an amazing Mexican restaurant um right at the edge of our development, our our neighborhoods 10 miles long. Um So there's one exit that's seven miles out and there's a little mexican places literally a hole in the wall. But they make great mexican food. Uh They cracked me up because when you walk in, they have a table there that they're in the mexican restaurants, they're selling toilet paper and vinyl gloves and hand sanitizer. And I think alcohol or rubbing alcohol is on the table to and I mean I was like, are you kidding me? Like you can get a box of vinyl gloves for 10 bucks with the mexican restaurant, you know? And then when nobody else can get a toilet paper anywhere, they got their toilets literally when you walk in, it's like they took a table that they were serving people on and because they have to be spaced out anyway, and they just like, we're selling all this crap and I don't know where they're getting it from, but God love them because believe me, they are a resource, but they have really good food. I had a burger from there. My mom came from Florida a couple months ago and that's another good thing about living the country. Your mom can still come from Florida, you know? And but she wouldn't Kiss me or hug me. It was kind of sad. My mom is 70 years old. It kind of sucks you know. But I had this burger that I am not lying. This burger was this big, the bun was humongous and I had jalapeno peppers on it and it looks like a salad on top of the thing. So it took me like two meals. That's what I had. And my mother had some kind of beef. It was a chicken soup. But I
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: have like I'm pretty sensitive to chicken, like I have a problem with it. So I didn't have anything chicken. But yeah, it was really good. Now I'm gonna have to mexican this week. Thanks. I appreciate
SPEAKER_R: you're welcome.
SPEAKER_L: it. You're
SPEAKER_R: It was nice starting with you.
SPEAKER_L: too, I hope you have a good night and I hope you guys feel better soon. Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Thank you very
SPEAKER_L: take
SPEAKER_R: much.
SPEAKER_L: care, Jessie. Goodbye
SPEAKER_R: Have last
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: night.