Hello.
I just realized that I had a conversation schedule for today.
I am so
sorry that I'm behind.
I'm doing great. How are you doing?
This is survey do for 25 minutes?
Oh yes. Um quite a few times.
Well, usually usually the person who uh I usually get, they may be the leader, but we
just,
we
can
talk
about
anything. Where are you from?
You're in Jordan. Okay, well, you're in Tennessee? Well, no, well, I'm in Tennessee, so you're not that far, You're not that far from me.
Oh, I see. Okay. Yeah, you're making all depends on what part of Georgia? Um maybe
60.
Athens Georgia and Okay. So maybe about six, depends on which way you go. About about 67 hours away.
Yeah, Yeah, I live in uh Knoxville Tennessee. Oh,
How's the weather there?
we are bringing, yeah, it's been really, it's really ugly outside right now. It's been raining all day here, but it's done stopped. Um But I think all of this is coming up with that hurricane they have dinner and um there's a. Yeah.
Mhm.
I know it's bad. Um I've seen a lady on the news I believe it was the day before yesterday. Um She has three Children I believe and um the last hurricane they damaged their homes so they had to move to another city in that area so she just got into this new home. Um And then maybe they've probably been there maybe a month now they just really settled in. Um And her kids are so traumatized because now they're having to pack up and
go
they had to pack up and evacuate because of this new hurricane that was coming in So it shows them you know packing up and just all terrified going to a hotel that it showed the pacific area how the interstate was backed up from people trying to evacuate. I mean it was bumper to bumper. Yeah.
Word
yeah. Just like
the
first
go ahead.
It's Haley to Misha.
You do
I thought I thought we uh I actually thought that we said our names at the beginning of the car, but
I guess
we did. Yeah, that's to the hurricane situation. And
then yeah, with them having evacuated stuff like that that on top of Covid, I mean it's just too that is too much to
be going
through.
Is the Coba dinner bed?
Many of
hmm. Like uh Tennessee itself? Tennessee. The state itself has been having a lot of high cases. But um uh maybe that I'm in it's been mid range, but I don't know nobody who actually has had Covid or actually has died from me, you know? Um I know people, a lot of people
who
probably,
yeah, I haven't
had nobody, but thank God, I mean because this pandemic is really bad. I mean it stopped
a lot of things from happening.
Very scary.
And
then
that's
another thing too with that being said, you know, you probably don't even know if you had it. How are you?
I'm 36 I'm 36. Um So yeah, so that's just what they say from I think 21 2 um elementary school age, they catch it, they don't they don't even know that they actually have it.
so with that being said what you've been in college and you're young? Do you get tested frequently?
Me neither. Yeah.
You never know. That's right.
Mhm. Yeah, it's it's been something else. Um I'm not in school, but I work and now I'm working from home um and at first I was up to working from home, but now it's like, I don't go nowhere, it's like I say, like, like I get up, get out of bed and go take a shower or whatever, then I go into my office and then after I log out on my computer, I'm, you know, I'm liking this one vicinity, so I'm gonna try to start going back to the office maybe once or twice a week just to be around people, you know, because that can
sometimes
drive
me crazy.
Oh no, I have three kids, well I have three kids um but only to live with me, I have a more about to be 21 next week next month, and then I have a 19 year old and then I have a 13 year old. Mhm.
So
you're at home?
So that means that you never go out really then?
So you only have one class,
one class
on
site.
you're
Yeah.
You all right?
What are you studying if you don't mind me asking?
So you're going to be a psychologist?
So
uh how long does it, how long does it take to get your degree?
So Oh, well, you got that long to go.
Yeah. And then
when
it's
time
for
them, when the time comes, you ain't gonna know what you're gonna do.
Well
there,
but then on that hand though, you don't you don't want to be a therapist though.
you. Okay.
You can be you can probably be uh what's it called? Private duty
robert practice. Mm hmm.
And then you know, you pick and choose who you want to, you know. And
then
then you being a professor that means as you teaching it. Is that what you're saying?
Okay. So you say you tutor people?
okay. So is that there is it through the college or is this just like do something online?
I am a get your brick little customer service agent. Um, answer phone calls all day. Um,
I work for this company is called doll America. They
have uh, four different with the opposite. I work and we have four different clients. So we have nor in, Oh goodness. I just went blank. Nor in a security, the
anti virus. Um, then we have Sirius X. M. And then we have network health. It's like an insurance. And then we have this thing that's called Learning care group which is what I work in. And basically what that is we represent five different daycares with childcare facilities. We don't like to say daycare is because we're more than a day care because we have all of our programs are curriculum based. So so we like to say childcare. So basically what I do parents call in um and they want information about a school in the area. So we have schools all over the whole United States. Um So were the enrollment center. So when they call in I gather the information and then um I pull up the schools in their area by their zip code and then give them information about the school in their area. And then I schedule them a tour to come out and take a visit with the director and give them information about pricing and availability, stuff like that. Mhm.
Well
but
well it's called it, that's the thing. Um mainly all the colors are right now are like people that are already enrolled and they need to get transferred over to the school. Um But what that man said we were we had a lot of downtime because a lot of schools were closed due to covid exposure or low attendance. Um These are that such thing, but now it's starting to pick back up but for the last couple of months we have been, our call volume has been down. Mhm.
Like.
Yes. So I think in Georgia we have we have schools in Georgia. I don't know if you ever heard of anything called La Petite Academy? Uh Child time tutor time, the Children's courtyard.
But we have a few though in Georgia. Um But I think it's more like in Atlanta area
and
Yeah. So yeah, that's what I do. I've been doing that for three years prior to that I was a private probably um
caretaker. Um I took care of a elderly woman. Um I took care of her for five years, but then she passed away. So um that kind of got me down a lot, so I had moved on to something different.
so I
took
took
pecker um because I was making 17 $18 an hour to them to $9 an hour. So
was a really big, yeah,
but
I like
what
I
like what I do there. Um
Yeah, I like what I do there. Um a lot of the people that I work with, well who I did work with now I'm home, but it's a good company to work for.
Hey.
Yeah.
So basically with that department they people calling to uh uh Oh goodness, I don't know, I'm blank for me to talk about these clients there calm renew their services so when their services are about
to
go. Yeah, they call him renew on then on Norton. Um We actually enroll them into the to the program. Yes.
And
walk,
this is a yearly subscription. Uh But you can do monthly, you can do monthly though, but you'll come out on top during the early
and
and
that's it. Yeah, and it's a really good antivirus. Uh Very good. They got VPN, they got theft. Um So like if you get just one big package and I think it's I think it was on sale for like 39 40 99 for the first year. Um Because with VPNS it comes with firewall, it comes with identity theft, it comes with everything.
Right,
to
be
honest, to be honest, I don't you have anything on my computer, I mean really thinking about trying to get it because it really secures your computer,
I'll tell you
with
all these hackers out here.
I was
being done, yep,
yep, and there's a lot of people out here that's doing a lot of scamming and hacking, I tell you uh the news had brought up something the other day, but I forgot what it was. People I think people are calling at them like they were their utility company and told them if they pay this amount of money that they were going to come and shut them up in the next 45 minutes and
the
yeah whether that uh that brings me back to, I was gonna call two days ago and ah well and they called in telling me that they better come to turn off the daycares lights. Uh he's like how my name is Justin something and uh your electricity is about to be cut off in the next 45 minutes. I needed to the director of the school or for you can make this payment. I was like well come on out and you're gonna shut it off, go ahead and come and
cut it
off. Then he said
well
ma'am
I need your credit card number to uh to make when you don't have to get your lights turned up click.
You see
that
shot?
Yeah that's how I was at first. Uh
I'll
tell
you I was so scared. I had the bubble guts so I was just it
was bad, I was terrified. And then uh they tell me now they because they like they used me as an example when they're doing training training and uh and then, and then by the end of that week, I was one of the top performers, you know, but I never knew that I was doing that good during that process, because I was just so terrified. But
yeah, it's a lot to get used to, you know, how to talk to people over the phone, you
know?
yep. So uh and then they had asked me here the last week to be a supervisor buck. I don't think I'm going to do that either, because I'm gonna take a pay cut supervisors instead. It's kind of strange. Um yeah, with this company, they give you the tools and the skills to become a a successful worker in that type of uh and that type of environment, but as far as the pay goes, the pay is not, the pay is not good. Uh
it's a pretty, it's indifference,
yep it's a 50 cent difference. Um
Like I
said it's it's uh it's a good resume builder basically before it's coming
down
and
stop
on
page.
Yeah so far as to come out on on top of pay making, thinking you're gonna make 15 $16 there, that's not gonna happen. But far as a resume builder you can you can get that done.
Yeah.
Yeah but but I think I'm not gonna I'm not going to do it um As bad
as I want to because I have the skills and I know what I'm doing, but
yeah it's not going to pay my bills. What
what
what?
I'm
moving
I'm
moving
up,
I'm moving up, I ain't going down.
You got anything good playing today? Yeah.
So
see
are you
close,
are you
close to?
Then make your move them for
real?
Oh my good news.
That's ridiculous. And did did they tell you that from the from the from the beginning like when you first bought the parking pass?
dang
that's messed up, they should be reimbursing you for
that
day.
No, you said what about
what about
what what are those days you had to go back and get your card and you come back to the to the to the thing and you ain't got nowhere to park?
Who y'all plan today?
that
is
that is in Georgia today,
you're
so
so yeah,
so you're the bulldogs. Oh yeah we do play y'all today. Yeah
yeah. Tennessee balls? That's what we're uh
yeah, not really.
I haven't
Yeah, I haven't really been keeping up with with uh with the university football, but there's a lot of volunteers though. There's a look, a lot of people that love the balls. I tell you that
Yeah, because this is all, this is always our rival game to be honest.
Mhm
Was
that
whole,
Yeah, Yeah, I think it's just Georgia and Tennessee when they go head up. It's always a big thing. Yeah.
So
yes, I was a big thing. Mhm. Well we'll see what time the game start.
Thank
you. It's something people starting to get packed outside.
Say that again?
Well
when you say when you say quad, what does that mean?
so basically,
so basically you're saying it's like a big open field.
welcome.
Gosh. You okay? Yeah.
All right. That's what you're saying now. So they got their cooking and stuff or?
Got you. So eventually do they, do they leave from that spot and go to the game or did it say that whole time? Yeah.
you
got
me,
That's you.
Got you. Okay. I learned something today, honey.
Mm. So that's, that's cool. Okay. That's that's kind of awkward to that when you get to chat and then ah we're playing against each other in football today. That's kind of and
then, yeah. And then we then we all started so close because any other time I chat with somebody they so far away. Um Yeah. And we're really close. That's cool.
You,
have
you
been?
Are you on um, you do, you're on the profilic surveys? How about have you been doing that for?
Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah, I've been doing it hmm. Probably the majority of this year. Yeah.
Yeah, I get a lot of little surveys. I like these surveys like this, that pays really good.
Yes, I like this. And
I think
uh uh they usually, I think they yearly that you can only do four chats, but they upped it to six, I believe now
all
again,
and usually they're doing back to back to,
know what I mean by back to back. Usually like when you get done with this one to get credited for this one. Usually they send you another uh invite to say that, you know, we got another one coming up this week. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. You should get another vacation. Like I don't even know I had a chat schedule today because I didn't, I didn't realize I had one until I was just sitting here. I said, let me go see if I got some studies, anything available right now before I can do. And then in my messages it was red. So I went to it and see what it was. Just a, your study will be starting in less than I was like
my child. I was like, I hope she hoped the person is still there.
How long have we been talking?
Oh well, just supposed to do. I think 2025 minutes.
is good to meet you?
Uh huh. You too. And you take care of yourself and don't go out there and getting no get in that mess out there. And
I
mean
be good to yourself and wish you the best on your on your career.
you're
welcome.
You take care now. Okay.
So,
so after you, you close out and then you go back to the profile, how you pronounce that word.
Okay, well pro prolific. Go back to that tab and then, um, then, and it's gonna ask you to continue if you're done with your chat.
So
this one, so you honestly, if I were you go instead of closing this one out, just go to your, your surveys have and then when you complete that and then when you complete that exit out of this one,
yeah, you're welcome and have a great day.
Bye
Mm.