Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay mm. Mhm. As we can yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Hi
no
problem.
No worries at all. How are you?
I'm good thanks.
Have you done this before?
It's my first one so I'll follow your lead if you have some conversation topics that usually work or something. I don't know.
I
mean I I don't
know
I
can
obviously
I'm from Georgia and I don't know if this is the United States only study but in the United States where are you from?
No no. Yeah I go to a U. G. A. Wearing the sweatshirt now.
I
haven't I'm in Athens.
not bad. We live in a pretty big country so we're pretty close.
I think I think I've been there when I was pretty little. I'm not sure. I've been to a couple parts of Tennessee. Yeah
it's pretty rainy today although it's not actually raining, it just looks like it should be raining. I'm sitting at my window at the quad. It's the grass looks wet so I think it did rain and the sky is cloudy so I think it's going to rain again at the moment. It looks nice.
Louisiana. Mhm. Yeah
I feel so bad for the people who I mean they've been hit by like three hurricanes already this season and it's just awful.
their new
home? Yeah.
Man I just I could not imagine having to evacuate 18 once and much less multiple times. That's
just that's just truly awful. Also
I
didn't
get your name.
I'm Hailey
nice to meet you. I just
I was like I'm talking to you, I don't even know your name, I'm sure that
we
didn't.
sorry
now
I would
be afraid. I mean like I haven't gone to a hotel since everything started and I wouldn't want to but I mean I guess it's better than getting hit by a hurricane. Yeah.
Um Well it's gotten better, it was really bad at first we were doing in person classes. I mean we're on campus. Um I like being on campus. I personally don't think we should be on campus but because I'm allowed to be came um We had some really high case numbers the first couple weeks and then since everyone had it now no one has it, so we're down to like 60 cases a week. So I mean it's not that bad right now, it just was really bad at first. Um I don't personally know anyone who's gotten it. I just know that
of. Yeah.
I know
one person
who had it. I don't know anyone who's died
which
this
it's scary to I mean
I'm aware that I'm young and if I catch it I'll probably be fine but I really don't want to spread it to anybody who won't be fine. Um
That's
my
biggest
I'm 19 my 1919.
Yeah. I would have no idea unless I happened to get tested that week. Um Mhm. Yeah.
I haven't been tested once.
they do have some like a couple tests a week. Just surveillance tests. So you know not people who are necessarily sick just might be. Um And a couple of my friends have been tested and they don't have it. So if my friends don't have it there, the people I'm spending the most time with so I probably don't have it do but never know.
Yeah. It's the uncertainty that that really gets me. It's just that we live in really weird times.
I fully
understand
that.
Do you live alone?
Yeah. I mean I said earlier that we're in person what we are we have our hybrid classes. And so most of my classes are online and I go to one class once a week in person. Um And it feels nice
to just
like to do something. I'm at college. I'm in my dorm. Okay.
Yeah I go out when I need food. Um And that's about it and my roommate.
But.
One class
once
a week. Yeah just Tuesday mornings. That's it. I mean I say morning it's like 11 30. I mean it's not that early but just just the once. Um and it's optional. But I go partially because like you said I need to be around people and also because it's math class and I need to be in person for my math, I don't
understand that if I'm not there good. Okay
but it's it's wild so it's I'm a software so I was here last year and it's just a complete difference. Um Some of its positive more people are on the quad and it's nice to see people out there, you know playing frisbee and having a good time or just sitting on their picnic blanket doing homework so that's nice.
That's probably the only nice thing. Yeah
I don't I study psychology um and then I have a minor in german and a minor in math. Uh huh.
I don't think so, I honestly think I would burn out really quickly if I tried to do therapy. Um I'm very good at internalizing other people's problems so I'd get get I think I burned out but I'm thinking about going into research. Um So maybe being a professor someday, I don't know, we'll see, I keep telling myself I have time to figure it out. That time is running out. But I still
have some,
well almost I'm a sophomore, so I have the rest of this year and then two more years.
No I don't when I say I'm telling myself out of time, I'm lying to myself to make myself feel better.
I
need
to
figure
it out.
I know well I'm very probably going to go to graduate school just because there's not much you can do with an undergraduate degree in psychology so it gives me a couple more years to figure it out. But um yeah I'm really interested in psychology. Like I really like learning about why people do what they do. I just decision making is just fascinating to me. I like why do people do it? Um So
I
could
right I don't want like I'm perfectly happy to help my friends with their problems and I'm actually pretty good at it and my friends come to me with their problems all the time and I'm a great listener. But if they're strangers like just coming into my office asking for help, I just I don't think I'd be that good at that. I don't think I like it. All
Um
like working in private practice.
I'd like that more. Probably. Yeah
If I were
to do therapy I think I would do private. I mean once I had enough money to start my own practice. Uh huh.
Probably. Yeah teaching and mostly doing research. But I would I mean probably have to teach some classes to which is fine. I like teaching people I tutor online like just for some extra side money. Um And I like it, I like teaching people things as long as I know them. Um So if I'm I think I'd be okay as a professor.
Yeah I tutor math online. I started I started during the pandemic because I needed something to do. Um And it pays so it's like a win win. Okay
it's just um it's through varsity tutors dot com. They have technically an independent contractor, not an employee. And they just they matched me with students and then I tutor them in math. I mean they do all sorts of subjects. I just prefer math because there's a right answer and the right method as opposed to like try tutoring german and I just wasn't very good at. But like yeah, what do you do?
Are you sure?
I haven't heard.
heard.
That's cool. How is that
working now,
like are they able to schedule tours um
that makes sense.
I mean I would expect that, but sex.
No.
Yeah that would
make sense. I grew up in like Atlanta ish area, like in the suburbs, but I just I went to a public high school so like I didn't really know, I don't, I think I went to a daycare that was like right outside my neighborhood or a child care that was right outside my neighbor. Um
Yeah.
makes sense. Mhm.
Do
you like your job
so interesting?
Uh huh. That's a
no,
I hope
maybe
you
can.
Good,
good. I
um haven't heard of like the specific child care that you were. But I mean, I'm familiar with Norton security and Sirius. XM. My dad has serious in his car. Uh
We like it. It's good music.
makes
sense.
I mean do you
have
to I don't have Norton. Do you have to renew that every year or something?
Right. That makes sense.
You
always do.
I don't even know if I have anti virus on my computer. I probably should if I don't but I don't have I don't have 40 months a year to spend on that I'm in college. Um
But I should see
if
I have
Right. That's the that's the whole point. And it's
good
thing.
Right? Yeah. Honestly, especially right now because everyone is doing everything on their computer. Lots of you know, stuff that used to be two confidential to do on computers is now that you can't do it in person. Everyone's doing it on
the computer.
It's a good time is a time as any to get some computer security. So
You
got to give me your credit card number. Right.
Gold
glove.
I
love
that.
Yeah, there we go. You know how to handle that one? I really respect you because I get really nervous talking on the phone. I could never have your job. I would be so nervous. I don't like talking like a video chatting is fine, but I hate talking to people on the phone if I can't see their face. My God. Yes. It makes me so nervous. I feel
like
it's
so awkward.
I guess you're
used
to it.
Good.
well
that
was a huge sense boost. I mean you as an example that's awesome.
can't imagine they would give you a pay cut for promotion. That's strange. Yeah
wow that's significant to
that's
weird.
There
is
something
to
be
said.
well yeah there's something to be said for that but they also should pay more for a higher job. It's just kind of logic. But okay
I'm not in charge. I didn't ask me. Uh huh.
sense.
It's not worth it.
don't make sense. But that shouldn't even have to be a decision
factor. I mean
right if they want people to become a supervisor they should incentivize it. I mean that's the whole point. That's until
now.
That's
how
I thought jobs
were.
Right. If they're like going to demote you, okay, take a pay cut. But I feel like oh you you work so hard, you're so great. Let's cut your pay. That doesn't make sense. I don't get it. But like I said I'm not in charge. Mhm.
there's a there's a home game this weekend. So I am staying in my room away from all the people going to the football game and my quad right outside my dorm is the main one where people like to tailgate and so I am staying far away. Yeah.
I'm just I'm not going to leave the building today. I stocked up on food yesterday and
I don't I'm just not going to risk it. There's just there's so many people out there not wearing masks and not distancing and going to a football game. So I'm staying far away from them. But
what
about you? Do you have? I'm
very
close to. Yeah. I'm like probably the second closest dorm. Yeah. Everybody. I have a car on campus and I park and I was lucky I got a spot in the deck that's right next to my dorm. But when we have football games they make us move our cars. So I parked like two miles away now. Yeah, I'm not quite two miles but it's, I pay like $40 a month. The park and the deck right next to my dorm and twice a month they make us move our cars.
They
make a move. Yeah. If we're not out by five a.m. On saturday the day of a home game, they tow it. Yeah. So I moved it, I moved it yesterday. I was like, I'm not, I don't mess with it in my car towed,
right? But it is, it is annoying. I mean I paid to be a student here. I pay to park here, but football is more important so I have to move my car, but
I don't think they did, but I knew I didn't have a car last year, but my friend did and she had moved her car so I knew I was going to have to move it when I signed up. But I just think it's dumb.
I think,
that's
what,
right. I mean it's not like it's a huge deal. It's nice out. I mean it's rainy, but other days it's nice out and I just go for a walk and I go pick up my car and move it back. But I don't think I should have to.
I'm glad
you're,
there is a big deck. There's plenty of space to park, but I just have to I have to move it. Um Yeah and
Tennessee actually. Yeah. Um So hopefully
it's a good
game.
Yeah I forgot about
that. The
Tennessee. I'm not
fan.
Well you're going down I don't care about football.
Are you guys fans? Are you guys fans? Yeah.
Yeah
I go here and I don't care.
there's a lot of people here who love the dogs. Um
Is it really it's not for us. Um We
had a rival game last week we played auburn. Um I don't know we
have so
many
rifles. I don't even understand how do you have more than one rival? But we have like three. Yeah.
I
didn't have.
That I don't I think it's like 3 30. I think I looked it up because I was wondering what time would be over and I think it starts at 3
30.
Yeah I mean technically tailgating has been banned but they put up trash cans nonetheless and people are out there
they will officially, the university said you're not allowed to tailgate on the quad. Um You have to stay at your car but unofficially they put up a bunch of trash cans on the quad. Um And they made it a very inviting space for tailgaters. So
yes there are people out there even though they're not supposed to be and no one's going to make the move. Yeah
it's a I mean there's four dorms like on the one grassy fields. Um Mine's the biggest and then there's like there's one across the quad across the field and then there's two on either side and so we kind of make a rectangle with dorms and there's just like a really big grassy field. Um And that's where people go play frisbee and football and kickball and whatever else they want to play. And the like the quad is right there on the deck is like right there. So it's a really convenient place for the people to walk from their cars to set up their tents. And then the stadium's that way like the quad is on the way from the deck to the stadium, so that's where everybody tailgates and it's usually really
crowded.
Yeah, between the dorms, but it's pretty
big. I mean it's probably about the size of a football field, if not even like somewhat bigger. Um And it's usually, I mean it's not anywhere near this about this year and years passed and usually it's I mean tense are covering it there touching and there's not an inch of the quad that isn't covered in people this year. It's not that bad. But there shouldn't be anybody out there and there are people out there.
Yeah.
Usually they're not this year. I mean they have to be able to just leave if someone comes by and tries to make them leave because they're not allowed to be there. But so far no one's made anyone leave that I've heard of but they have to be able to so they're not setting up like grills. And I mean often some people bring TVs but they're not doing that this year but they are you know, hanging out and drinking.
Usually and it's not this year thing that people who have tickets will go to the game, people who don't have tickets will stay there and that's why they bring TVs and they'll watch the game from the quad
which
I don't
personally understand. I'd rather watch it in the air conditioning if I'm gonna watch it on tv anyway. But yeah I think this year it's mostly just people who have tickets who come but
usually there's way more people who tailgate than can fit in the stadium and so the ones who don't have tickets just stay outside and watch it out there.
Yeah. There we go.
little
I
think this
is
kind
of cool just chatting with a random person like somewhere not near me. Like this is really cool. I never met you.
About two weeks. Yeah I didn't know about it until one of my professors mentioned it because she does research and she sometimes put studies on prolific and she mentioned it and I signed up.
it's pretty cool.
Right? Yeah I know I've been doing a bunch of ones that are like less than at all there, but I mean they add up, but yeah, this is much better.
no, I'll probably
do this one again.
No, that's 120
bucks. That's
a lot of money.
Yeah. So do you have one like after this? Do you have one too?
So should I look for that? Will they send me an email saying, hey, we've got more this week?
Oops.
Yeah. No, I still you weren't more than five minutes late, like you were good.
Um About half an hour.
Yeah, it's just 25 it says, you know, to be safe to go a little bit over, so we've got a little bit over and
yes, it was very nice to meet you.
don't
worry,
I will not. Yeah,
thank you so much.
I
would be the best as well
you to do. I just close the window. I've
never done this.
I said prolific. I don't know though.
Gotcha. Okay. Thank you so
much.
Gotcha. Okay. Thank you. I appreciate the advice. I'll do that and I don't want to occupied
you too.
Bye. Mhm.