Yeah. Yeah. Yeah mm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, let's call. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, mm. Mhm, mm. Mhm. Yeah. And too cold? Right. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And okay. Yeah. Yeah
it's okay,
I'm good thanks. How are you?
but no I don't mind. Mhm.
I'm sorry
Yeah.
Yeah. What's
the weather like? Where
you are?
What? Yeah, where I am, it's raining today
and fogging. Yeah.
Okay, I'm gonna make new york city. Yeah, so the malaria
anne it's cool. It has it's like a fun moments sometimes the city gets a bit annoying but
it's still cool.
What do you do like um for a living or since quarantine started or how's that treating you?
Yeah I'm pretty okay for me to I'm uh junior in college, so I'm still doing like online classes
and that stuff, so it's still pretty busy like even inside
I go to Manhattanville College, I'm a biochem. Major. Yeah.
it's fun and challenging and exhausting sometimes, but hopefully we'll be rewarding soon.
Right. Oh yeah. Yeah, essentially.
If
mhm. So far I like um I like physics and I don't like it at the same time, like I have a love hate relationship with it, I'm taking
it right now, like I like um cal
mccall person, so I love the
math part of it. But like I guess sometimes the applications just go like straight over my head. I'm like, how do I not get this?
In
you.
sort of. Um but I think right now I'm in like this part of it where everything is starting to like come together. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How did you find out about prolific? Mhm.
Mhm. Uh For me,
I'm usually looking for like um
I guess like clinical trials and like um studies that are in person when I'm in the city. Um and then one of the researchers that I contacted, they were like, oh, I think this was a study done through prolific and I was like that's that.
Um and then I kind of just researched it myself and like, you know, I'm here.
Mhm.
Zoe
I have, I've participated in a few of these before and like um previous
trials that they've had, so if you
Yeah.
Oh,
it's starting to get cold kind of around now actually, usually it happens a bit um
earlier, but last week we had like a wave of Summer type, whether it was still like in the 70s last week and it was just like, Oh, that's different, but don't seem to be different this year anyway, so it's just like okay, I'll take
it warm weather and it's like november.
Anything.
What's
your
favorite thing to do? Like in Maryland?
Yeah.
Sorry, what was that?
yes. Um I say like it usually like depends on the time of year and stuff. Um one thing I do like is that like museums and parks and stuff are pretty accessible, so I usually take advantage of those stuff, like it's usually free for residents in certain days, so I like to take advantage of that um when I can. Yeah.
live um at home still, so I
I even like commuted to like back in college before the quarantine started, so it wasn't that much of a, I guess the only change was like Bill Maher commuted like my community is you know, two minutes to the lobster and they're also.
Yeah,
I mean in
way
like I think it is um I guess I'm just grateful that like you know, I even have somewhere to come back to, I know some of my friends were just kind of left pretty like high and
dry
type thing. Um
Yeah, so you know, it's like it has its pros and cons, but I just like I've just been rolling with it so far. No. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah, I know, I knew like a fair amount
of people in that situation too, in a different state that it's like your home state um and having to do that commute back is different. Yeah.
Mhm.
so far, I mean I think I kind of have just been like conditioned to um just go like straight to graduate school. Um Even
though I'm not sure about that, like I just take a break. I want to dentistry. Uh huh. So
my goal is either like doing research for a while or going straight into that. Yeah.
Oh,
thank you?
I think
so in some ways I think it's like the same
level of
rigor,
it's like med school or something, you know like they still have a different type of testing, all that stuff. Um I do know that the dental like admissions test the debt.
Um It's more physics based which is like Jamie.
Thank you. What made you decide on like physics?
Yeah.
Not
Yeah, not
really
yet, but hopefully soon. Yeah.
Mhm.
What do you like like in your treatment?
Yeah.
Yes. Here,
what kind of stuff do you like like to make?
Yeah,
we get back.
Yeah, pretty similarly to you. I like um everyday and cooking.
I tend to cook a lot more like now that I'm at home. Um So yeah, I like to like I
love reading,
but I sometimes just never had time to read stuff that are like school related. Um
But what I do and like uh like historical picture ladies um
and like romantic dramas and stuff like that.
Um I'd say like
bit of everything. Um I think since like everything has started, my family has tried to be like a lot more um like health conscious. So I think
are like my diet is like mostly plant based with like, you know. Spouts of like um meets for protein and stuff like that every now and then. It's a lot less than before.
So. Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Um Sometimes I I really like um using beans um
as a substitute sometimes um like pencil beans and black beans and stuff like that. Um blunt
tools all that. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Mhm.
there's like there are a few at my school that I was in. Um so far, like the only one I've kinda kept up with, it was like zumba. But it's kind of funny like doing this and what we are like zoom
or video because everyone's just like you know doing jumping jacks or something like through a screen and I'm just like oh my
gosh, it's so different. It's like easier to feel the energy of the whole room like when we're there. Mm. But yeah.
Yeah.
can. Your but your pictures for
is it?
Oh yeah that's no problem. Mine is usually acting up and like since it's been raining too it's just like you know it comes and goes when it wants. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
true.
I'm in the Bronx um which I guess like in proximity to Manhattan I guess it depends on like
where I'm going but it can be like an hour, an hour and a half. Um Queens, I'm pretty nearby queens though like maybe 30 45 minutes um
Brooklyn is like way farther out and then Staten Island is like even farther.
Uh huh. Yeah.
I feel like new york on a whole is just like generally really large and exhaustive and like You can drive six hours
and still be in New York. Yeah.
Yeah.
I think there the core, I mean I'm I'm biased
definitely because like I love the Bronx, even though I think the Bronx gets
the most black publicly. Um
what I always hear people talk about about it, but I love it so. And
thank you.
course visiting
first as much as Manhattan accent. Yeah.
What's that a big like, like shocked for you moving from Alabama to new Zealand?
Yeah. Mhm.
I have for like traveling stuff, but never really any like um
like some
are
permanent or permanent changes, like, you know, for the most products just always been here. Um like when I do go, it's like two weeks a week, you know, so it's not really like enough. Um
I guess absorb the energy would like another place.
Um Not necessarily. I'm hoping like I can go to grad school
somewhere
Like I've been looking into uh the university of north Carolina, so but I believe I can get out of here eventually.
Yeah.
I've talked to a few people from there, I like the way they describe the campus culture. Um I like that they offer like
um most of the programs that I want to pursue. Um. Mhm. Yeah, I mean I think I still have a bit more to like um figure out about it, but so far it's like seems pretty promising signs. Yeah.
Good.
Yeah. The same length of time. Same four years.
Yeah. It's the thing like you have to do residency, but I think
it's a lot shorter than medical residences would be. Um I
think the residences can be like two years. Um
Yeah,
I think it also depends on what you want to do um And the more specialized you get needing more time.
I'm not sure, I'm hoping not. But I've also seen people
like um on Reddit talk about it and
I'm just like that sounds scary. So. Oh my god.
Oh
my god.
Yeah.
Um I've heard that just like it's not all
it's like popped up to be um And also there I guess there's like a bit of stigma against um
people who want to be dentist because people think well no one actually really wants
to be a dentist, it's just that they like couldn't get into med school or you know, little quirky stuff like that and I'm just like oh my gosh like why can't I just actually like tea
and that'd be it.
I know I've seen it and I'm just like I won't have that rhetoric in my practice one day. Yeah.
Like no, this is a genuine
interest and then people are no, I don't think so. Can't do it.
Mm hmm. Yeah. It's interesting like how that Milton hasn't really changed much. Um
I guess
like in society
and others still like these mm
hierarchy of like this probably a career. Is that it's just like the doctor and lawyer still at the tall. Mhm. Still with you?
Some of them are kind of
I don't know. It's like something get to their heads sometimes. Um Yeah.
Yeah. Hopefully
that's avoidable. Oh yeah.
Well what kind of stuff do you like? Like to watch tv watcher or like netflix watching?
Yeah.
Oh,
you know, I watch stop
work outwards
will sleep. Um I I'm like still watching a smartphone. Um and I will be like that we should like what, I'm not really doing much work or have like a docking series just playing in the background. So yeah,
usually have interesting place on its.
I have,
When I saw the backlash to Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm.
let's talk. No, no, it's okay.
Yeah. Thank you. Same to you. He stayed.