Hi, can you hear me? Oh
can you hear me now? Hi,
how are you?
Good. Can you say your name it for me again. Sorry.
Amen. Oh nice. Hi, I'm Debbie.
Not bad. How about you?
Yeah. It's kind of stressful isn't it? In the pandemic? Where are you at?
Oh wow. You're in a hot spot. Yes. Are you are you guys locked down? Are you allowed to go out? What's
the
no, no one's going to follow the rules in texas.
That's
too bad. I'm in pencil. I'm in pennsylvania and people here are very good.
Well that's interesting. That's texas for you though.
I Oh
I asked
to Houston, where did you come from?
Okay. I was going to ask you that.
wow. You have been all over? So why do you travel so much? Why are you
moving around so much?
got it.
sir.
What's been your favorite place so far? Of the places
you've lived? Mini
Annapolis even
though it's cold?
Yeah, I was, I was in the midwest for a while. I did my graduate degree and at the University of Nebraska. So I was in Lincoln Nebraska and I have to admit that's the one thing I liked about the midwest or people are so friendly and
respectful and kind and yeah.
Oh, how many kids
do you have? Three? Wow.
I have one daughter.
How old are your daughters?
I haven't won 11 year old.
So school is going to open for her. She is in a private school though, so I'm blessed at being able to put her in a place that's really small. So there's only like 11 kids per classroom. So they think they can probably make it work. But we will see if the governor keep schools open right now. School districts are kind of allowed to do their own thing. And some schools are entirely online and some schools are doing this sort of hybrid today a week thing, like, like a through m last name goes, you know, monday, Tuesday and then
they're
cleaning,
they closed completely.
That's,
I'm sorry, that is not good for you, I'm assuming.
Yeah, I'm sure it would be very risky in texas, but yeah, it's really hard for parents. Um, I've had the same challenge. I feel like my daughter spends way too much time on computers and TVs and right, not enough time with friends.
Yeah. Well, I've let my daughter have a few play dates, but mostly outside right. Things like riding bikes where they can have social distance, but our rates are pretty much under control here because, you
know, we've done the right thing about trying to get people to to commute to work from home and everybody wears masks and most people are pretty good. But then we started, you know, we're really close to new york city. So um
we
started
close to the epicenter and now it's pretty much under control in our neck of the woods. But
Yes. I think unfortunately, I think we're gonna be stuck for a while until we get a vaccine. So
oh, there's so many anti-vaxxers, but you know what, that's their problem. My theory is don't let them back in school.
Let the,
you know
require
require.
So you hear that? Really? I mean for the most part, people are pretty good here. I mean there are exceptions. I've seen a few people but yeah, they've been pretty good. I wonder what it is about. Well, it's texas, right? It's
the it's the
whole
it's the whole wearing a mask has become a political statement, so. Yeah.
I know. It's crazy that public health has become that way.
Well,
Yes, but you know, as you can see our education system is clearly failing.
That's funny.
No, not remotely. I think it's funny
that that's the perception in parts of the world because we're clearly not
not
doing
that
well.
Yeah, we don't cover the
world, we only cover the United States. Yes, I know we're very bad about that. We don't get world news, we don't get music from other countries, we don't get culture from other countries were very sheltered.
I don't know why it's a good question. I wish I knew the answer to that question. You know, I grew up with a um I grew up in Wyoming which is very um rural and um but I had a mother who's british and a dad who was from new york, so we did a lot of traveling. Um but most of it, most of the people I grew up with never left the state of Wyoming, never met a person of color, never um you know spoke another language never, you know it's very common, so I don't know.
I
agree.
Yeah. Well you know it depends where you're at because my daughter's little private school does a good job um Integrating diversity and culture and she like 5th grade we learned about China right? So
and
this next year I think it's um I actually don't know what her next one is, it might be um latin american countries
so you know it depends on, it depends on where you're at. But yeah, for most kids in public schools, you're not going to get a lot of exposure to world history. Just
sad.
yeah, yeah, me too.
Me too.
So,
I haven't traveled a lot since I've had my daughter mostly because I'm a, I'm a single parent, so I don't have a lot of money right now because I'm putting her in private schools, so I'm sacrificing all that to put her in private school right now. Um, but I've traveled mostly european countries, right? Because that's where my mom is from. So I've done italy and France and um, uh parts of spain and um, I've done Canada.
Um, but I haven't, you know, I haven't done asian countries,
I haven't had exposure in that part of the world. I mean that's my dream when she gets old enough, right? And I'm
not,
I
would
love to
do that.
I'm sure he's not
up.
yeah, I've traveled a lot inside the, you know, in the United States, but I don't consider that like try, you know, traveling.
No.
yeah, I'm with you on that one. Not come with. Yeah,
I find it hard hard with the kids so um
well and right now for me, I don't have a lot of money because I said I'm putting it all under a private education. So once we're done with that we're gonna I'm going to travel.
yeah, I would love to, there's so many places on my bucket list.
Where would you like to visit?
God, Turkey. Oh I got a good friend in Turkey who's invited me many times and I've never been able to go with my daughter.
I would
love to go there.
I've heard I've heard it's beautiful.
Yeah. See my friend has taken a lot of my colleagues around to see those kinds of places. So one of these days I've got to go visit her because I know she will take me to those places in Turkey.
Oh china. Yeah, china would be interesting. My sister adopted a daughter from china. So she got to go visit china when they were doing the adoption. She said it was very very interesting. She was in a more rural part.
But.
Yeah, that would be nice. Yeah. I have a lot of places I'd like to visit to.
I would love to go see Egypt because I'd love to see the pyramids
and
I don't mind heart see I'm not anti cold. I don't mind heart places. Um Yeah I would like to go to Egypt. Where else would I like to go? I definitely want to visit my friend in Turkey because I know I would have a good experience there and she's a fun colleague. I would also like to um I'd like to see more of um sort of the um other parts of sort of europe, like I'd like to go to the Netherlands and Amsterdam I've heard is fun. So I would like to
see
on Ireland I would love to go to to, I've
been to Scotland but not to Ireland which I think would be fun.
It is, I think supposed to be right rolling green hills
and
lepre cons but yeah, very green, very green. My mom sent me some beautiful pictures. She went to Ireland recently she went home to England to visit her family and they took her around Scotland and Ireland and Wales and she sent back some beautiful pictures, I was like oh
lovely
green fields with sheep, A lot of sheep. So
absolutely, so what type of medicine does your husband do?
Also.
That sounds uh involved, how much longer does he have before he's finished
two more years,
wow. And then are you going to stay, I'm going to stay in the United States.
How?
So you're a doctor to, you want to be a doctor as well, what kind of doctor do you want to be?
No,
but the
skin dot.
no that's
got it, you didn't
seem
you
didn't
see, you didn't seem like the type to do the plastic surgery
and you're like no that's funny. That's what your mom thought dermatology was
that never even occurred to me when you said that but uh interesting that's their perception. Huh? You're gonna you're gonna help them look younger. Mhm.
Well you probably
could could help them but probably not your goal.
No I don't think it looks good on most people to be honest with you. I think that makes them look more fake. I don't know more
steps.
Yeah I agree. Yeah. Never understood the whole cosmetic surgery
thing
that's interesting.
Look
the same.
mm interesting. So you only have to do a couple more years before you you would finish your degree.
well it's impossible to be at home with the kids. I know that
I'm working from home, I'm a college professor
was
so yeah so I'm
teaching now online.
I teached I'm a psychologist so I teach courses on child development.
That's not true at all. But whatever
you can yeah I love it actually. It's a it's my passion. So I've found the right career.
I
like
both.
I like both the research and the teaching, so although my passion is more the research than the teaching, I enjoy teaching as well. But um I do research mostly and that's what keeps me happy. That's been harder because my do research with people and during the pandemic that's a bit more challenging. Uh huh.
Yeah I studied kids so part of what I'm interested in is its effects on Children, right? Because they're not having that interaction with their peers that interaction in the context of school in academia. And I see my daughter she's really smart, I see her she's struggling with the online learning because it's way too slow right and getting bored and losing
interest and Yeah.
Yeah I think this is going to make it hard on kids social skills right? Because they really need that peer interaction to be able to blossom in the social domain so.
They didn't even know what that was anymore. Huh.
my
goodness.
that's hard. Well we yeah we were under really strict lockdown initially same way
when
when
the when the pandemic first hit because we were so close to new york city are cases were really hot so we were initially under shelter at home you couldn't weren't supposed to go out, weren't supposed to travel, weren't supposed to you know do anything other than grocery shopping kind of thing but
but we still got outside a lot because the weather here is apparently pleasant. So, you know, we go for walks and bike rides and things like that. So we weren't like trapped inside. But
Yes, I know. I lived in Dallas for, believe it or not, I lived, my first job was at southern Methodist University in Dallas. And so I lived under that heat when we moved in in July, it was like 99° and then it was like the last day it was under 100 for like 20 days or something crazy. It's unbearable.
It's
less
humid than Houston.
I think it's the humidity more than the temperature. Um,
although you might be a few degrees hotter than Dallas, but you're so much more humid. It feels much worse. Right, humidity is a big and how
hot it feels
disgusting. Yeah. Like you needed, I remember Dallas, you needed a shower every time he went outside, right? You felt like you need a shower every time he went outside When I used to laugh because on the news they would be like a big cool down is coming
and it's gonna get below 100 and it's gonna be like 97 and I was like that's not a cool down but you can actually feel it cooled out. I was like 97. I'm like oh this is kind of pleasant
Yeah it's hot. That's hot, that's hot. Yeah we'll see we're not that bad. Were like 80 something here. It's not bad at all.
but having said that you have beautiful winters it's like it's reversed
I think because you can go out in the winter but you can't, the summer is
miserable.
Well then you're in the
wrong spot if you like the snow. There's no way you're getting snow in Houston.
No wonder why you liked Indianapolis.
Mini Annapolis to me is to snowy. I like somewhere in between.
Oh see I thought of Minneapolis is very cold. I had a conference there just last year and we got stuck in like april with a giant snowstorm so I couldn't even get out of the
city in april. I was like what
It's brutal. Yeah I mean it's brutal outside sometimes but that below zero temperature
that
I kind of I kind of like pennsylvania. We're kind of good because we get you know pretty warm in the summer and pretty
cold in the winter. We usually get a
lot of
snow.
Yeah it's got a lot of old world charm. The only thing I don't like about it is the people are very friendly. I would still go back to the midwest with the friendly people. Right? I would like I would like the people to be out here. I like the architecture and the climate and uh you know we got a nice soil so gardening is good, you can grow a lot of stuff here but the people, the people are miserable so you know, I don't know I would trade it would be nice to have most people as well on the East Coast but we don't get that. So.
place is perfect. That's the problem.
Well California California, there's a lot of people, California is pretty beautiful. They're places there I would go but not if you like cold weather I guess. Maybe not for you, although if you go up north you can get some colder weather.
An
Oregon Oregon is beautiful and they get some cold weather. I have friends in Oregon
places
to visit.
I once, when I was in college I went to school in boston, my undergraduate career and I was in Wyoming. But my friend was in Portland Oregon. So we, I flew out to her and we drove from Portland Oregon to boston right so completely across the country and we did little places all along, all along the way. So we did like the badlands of South Dakota and Mount Rushmore and we did the mini Annapolis in Chicago and it was kind of fun. It was great adventure as a college student. Um we tried to stay with friends that we have all over the country, so it was a fun thing to do. I would, I would like to do the southern route now because on the way back I didn't go on the way back, some of my friends went on the way back and they did. Some of the southern part of the United States,
Well there you go. It's an affordable way to do it. We gotta wait for the pandemic to clear though.
Oh yeah, I hope so too.
No, I'm sure it will re occur like the flu, right? We're going to probably have,
Yeah. Well if there weren't so many crazy anti vaccine people, we could probably eliminate it. But
there,
yeah, I know there are too many crazy people that do not get vaccinated.
Well I know,
I can imagine.
Well you know what they're gonna see it and maybe a few more people will learn. But yeah, it's crazy. I've never understood the anti vax vaccine movement here,
but we have so many conspiracy theories there. They've gone crazy with conspiracy theories. Uh there's just a crazy, uneducated.
I
think, I think there's a fear proneness to it as a psychologist. I think um a lot of the underlying, even racism and stuff like that, I think has, you can tie back to strange anxiety that people have, right? So I think conspiracy theories, racism, a lot of it has its roots in fear. So if you can understand people's fear anyway, we could potentially help eliminate some of their crazy ideas. But I don't know. There's also just this Western belief that I can do whatever I want. I don't care about other people. I don't know. That's
part of this cultural ingrained fabric.
Yes, it's crazy.
It's
some
that's that's somehow part of this cultural heritage in this country and I don't know where it stems from. Maybe some of the puritan right? When people were escaping England for religious persecution, right? I have the right to believe what I want kind of thing. I don't know that our country was founded
on and for someone that way it sort of made its way into the underlying fabric of our
democracy.
It's crazy.
But anyway, if I understood that we would have fixed it by now.
Yeah. Many. Many. Yeah. Clearly, or
else we would have fixed it by now. Okay. And you anyway, so we've been talking for I think our allotted time. I don't know how you, how you are here.
I don't know, but it's 1:36 and we started at one, so I think we've done our 25 minutes. It was actually really nice talking to you. I didn't know how this was going to go.
No, I'm
a little on the I'm a little on the reserved side as well as their talking with strangers is always a little bit challenging for me. But this was easy, it was easy to talk to you so
yeah, I enjoyed it as well. So good luck with your three kids and finishing your medical degree
and the pandemic and
surviving.
Thank you. It was
it was nice talking
to you.
All right. We'll definitely
pray
for text.
my gosh. I hope that you get out of it soon, wow, I'm sorry that people are I would think by now people would at least have gotten the message and be complying. But that's clearly not the case.
still guys have a long way to go. All right, well good luck with that. I'm not sure how to get out of this except I think I'm going to click on the corner.