Yeah. Yeah, mm hmm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. No. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. All right. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Sure, mm. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Mhm. Two 15. You don't want to get Mhm. Yeah. All right. You want to it's gonna get Mhm. Taking on the impact investing that money correct?
I can just a minute. I can't tell you. Oh okay. Yeah.
Hi.
I'm good. I'm eman. How are you
Eman?
Oh uh so how are you doing
yep. Okay. Considering everything. Yes.
Um Houston texas
they
never really locked texas up. That's the problem. They can't no one would lock up. Uh
No one yes. They don't even wear this. They've started putting up silence for masks but no one's even following that A lot of people are not a lot before this. It was supposed to be all party. But right now it's kind of gotten better since the situation is worsened. So people have started thinking probably they should start taking some steps, but a lot of people still don't do that. They still don't wear masks there, dining in restaurants would allow you in from the back door, that kind
of stuff.
that's the problem. And I don't know why, but people don't understand this. Like you look, you can just put two places side by side and see what's happening and but I don't think much over here,
you know? Uh
I just
like uh some months back before the pandemic, I just moved like two or three months before pandemic to Houston. So,
okay, I've been all over, I'm originally from Pakistan, uh
from Pakistan, then we came to Minneapolis, then we went to Buffalo, then we were in ST louis for a year and now we're in Houston,
my
husband's job, he's a resident physician. So he's been in training, uh
so training a
lot of different cases.
Minneapolis.
I know,
but
I love it. That's one of the things that at school, but the people are really nice. Really?
it's
Yes. Like um, it was uh, it's very family friendly. I have Children and
three.
Do you have kids?
I have three daughters, Your uh
um there 10, 8 and three. Oh,
so school, how, how are, how is the school situation over there?
I
heard
that was going to happen over here, but they close down. They,
yeah, it's
often divisive
and the Children, they've gone crazy. They like their their eyes have stuck onto devices and I was praying that they let at least let the hybrid version go because, but that's not possible with public schools because there are a lot of students, there are not enough teachers so and the situation over here is crazy. So yes, that that would have been very risky.
My daughter, I never thought my Children would be complaining of not going out but they are like we missed our friends. They're like you can't because even entertainment right now will have to be inside on online on devices.
we
you
started
with
I just hope it doesn't because a lot of uh it would be almost full time over there. Right, so colder temperatures and the virus is still in full swing in the hot areas, texas even michigan um I don't know, I just hope this ends, I'm just praying for this to end like real. So
even that even that I'm not so sure about because there are anti of accidents too.
Even
then
there
would be, you never
know. You never know. There's so many theories and there are so many anti everything people around that. It's so anything that social is would be really difficult. Like we tried to go to the mall that day just last weekend and it was a lot of people were wearing masks. A lot of outlets were limiting people. They were, they had their banners wear masks and they were limiting people inside and all that. But still people who weren't doing all those things. There were still people who would just you know, brush you buy without wearing a mask without any.
they
don't
like,
I don't know why that is sad really Because everything is being so politicized every single thing like something as general as a virus is political now.
Especially over here because see when you're in other countries, like not in the U. S. Like I'm from Pakistan all this time. We were under the impression that us is this
you know like good educated. You know that sort I was just talking to my husband that day that public education is free over here in Pakistan. It's not so a lot of people there's a lot of uh illiteracy over there. So we can we can just throw the blame on those people. They're not they don't know how to they are not educated, they don't understand this. So that's why we have a lot of this stuff. But what about the US everyone's at least the middle or high school or away.
Yes. And you can only see this from the inside. That's what what's the thing
from the if you're anywhere else, it's supposed to be this great education great great health system. But it's not
but
you
only
get to
know
this if you live here right because if you're not living here it's so distant like uh when I talk to people who've lived in the US who have been born and raised in the US outside the U. S. Is alien to them. I don't know why like they don't you the education over here it doesn't. Um
Toledo.
I reply.
but you should like someone should someone
should
in world history and world geography or just world social studies in the U. S. Curriculum.
You
know what
that's
but that
but that is nice because it opens you up I think knowing about I just love traveling I love knowing about no different cultures different
and
so
where have you been like have you traveled? Not this not this year. Oh.
That's nice.
You
know what, that's
what I applied. I always say to my husband that when these girls are old enough, I'm going to have a backpack and I'm going to go on a world tour. Seriously.
I've
spent
enough
time because he doesn't have time. He's not home much and
I don't work because of that. I am stay at home parent. And so
we don't get to travel because he doesn't have enough. We only we only travel inside the U. S. Because
but because that's easier to do. And um so
my dream is to just live on across the moment. These Children.
Seriously.
Hmm.
Good. Uh Please do. And it
first
off Turkey
and
not
not the not the urban Turkey. I like Central Turkey. Like you know, I've seen this.
Yes. That's what I want. I don't need to see the urban Turkey. Urban centers are just similar to every they are similar all over the I want to see those, those, those caves that they have and you know, hmm
it's beautiful. I have a friend who's gone there and the picture she draws is mind blowing. It's like you, you want to be there. I want to do that and then china.
my my dad's
his business has disguise with china. He goes there a lot. I haven't. So the way he tells us and the way I hear about china these days, I really want to see it. It's like it's like this place where they creating all this stuff and you know everyone, that's why I want to see what the people over there are like.
blank.
But
it's hard. That's my only problem with it.
Ireland.
I want to go to Ireland and
you
know, because you hear so much of I don't know, I just have this thing in my mind, this picture that island is going to be really beautiful. Yes,
ruling
cream heels and Afrikaans. It's like,
you
see,
is going
currently he's training to be a cardiothoracic surgeon. He's done his uh he's done two fellowships,
like um he's a general surgeon. Then he did his critical care surgery, which was a subspecialty now, he's training to be a cardiothoracic surgeon. So
two more years
for
some time. Because I want to do my my exams because I've done my medicine from Pakistan. I
was doing a residency over there in the mythology. But then my husband got training over here, so we all moved and I want to complete my training now. And I'm not eligible anymore in Pakistan, I but and I'm not eligible in the U. S. So I have to give my exams. I'll have to do some training. So yes for some time. But
dermatologist not the not the cosmetology kind. No not
the
dealers.
And look
no
the
doctor
guy
in the
Because you know what, when I tell my mother that I like dermatology, she's like, okay, so you'd be you'd be doing anti wrinkling stuff for me and this for my and this for that. No.
that's that's what everyone thinks, that's what they're counting on. That's what my parents and my uh and there siblings are counting on for me to get dermatologist so I can make them look younger.
that's their team
of.
And I think they look good as they are. Seriously people who've done cosmetic surgery and stuff. I don't know why they don't get it, but I don't think it shoots everyone. Yes.
It shows
that you've done something to your like it shows that it's not you
people
think they look beautiful. But then I don't know I saw this ad that day they did nothing. And I don't know why they put there was this banner with some cosmetic surgeon. And he was saying he can make you look the better version of yourself. And then he had two pictures and I don't I couldn't get the change. It was just stopped.
The person just has had
smoother.
So yeah, for the shop maybe just put the shop person and getting. I know it's crazy.
It's true. It's a three year degree. So I have to give my exams before that I planned to, I had uh I had to take an exam just um before the pandemic. Not before in the middle of the pandemic but then because it was epidemic, the exams got canceled and then I had my Children so I couldn't study anymore. Uh
Its own break. So you're working from home? Uh
that's cool. I love
college professors.
What
do you teach? Oh
my god I wanted to be a psychologist seriously. See yes it was my dream and I was little and my mother and my father they all said no you studies because they were like you study psychology, you go too deep into it and then you go crazy or self. It's
not. I am so interested. I'd rather studied seriously. If I had a chance I still study psychology. It's very
it's
I
would
have.
And it would be so interesting, the pandemic affecting people, like the mental health of people. That is one thing that I think even the economic part of the pandemic is not as worrying as a mental health part.
it's
so difficult for Children to learn, I think because I've had my Children learn um online for the for like I home school, one of my child daughters uh for pre K because I couldn't afford a car back then, so I couldn't carry take her to the pre k school. So um I home school here and the other one went to a public preschool. And the difference, my uh the child who went to the public preschool had a better, she she had she still has better social interactions with people her age, she's not shy, she's not the first figures that my second daughter went to school. She, she didn't speak out much. She was just, her teachers complained of that she's just start opening up. But now this has come. Yes.
my sister, she has a little, her daughter is really just nine months old, so she was only a few months old when the pandemic started and they didn't go at all. So the first time they went out and it was night, the uh one of their old, the little kid that the seven month old kid is like what's happening? Why is it dark and started kind because of the dark And she has a brother who is three years old. He said mama look it's dark.
Yes. Because they're inside all the time. They
were
there area was completely locked up so they couldn't leave treatment.
so
give
me think.
But that,
yeah. Houston. That's the problem though. Better even if we do go out for walks, but we could, you could only do that at night because,
but I heard Dallas is better. I was counting
on
that.
Okay. So it's only the humidity.
Well,
it's all,
yeah, I'm disgusting.
It's,
you know what, that's, that's what I felt when we first moved, we moved in July August two. So it was like, um, they said it's going to be pleasant. And then our uh normally when we were in buffalo are, even during the summer months are home temperature was set to 72. And that was normal for us When, since we've come to Houston or even if our uh, air conditioners completely fully on all the time, it doesn't go below 75. And if I feels like Chile. So
when people say it's 80 and it's pleasant, I'm like you're living, You're living in a cool place, it's so it would be like 18 would be a blessing over here.
but
I
like, I like the snow in the winter, I like,
I
know,
but
that's the whole charm, it's beautiful in the winters also, I loved it to the winters.
no,
my husband says that you like it because you're inside the house, you're enjoying a hot coffee inflated the burden of and all that. If you go outside, you wouldn't like that please.
zero
zero's normal, it's
I
like
Pittsburgh,
I've been to Pittsburgh, I like that, this, it's this old, old world charm I think.
but you guys have everything right? If if pennsylvania had everything, no one would leave right, it
shouldn't be because then everyone would be there and there would be no more place for other people.
I heard northern California is pretty good. Like
not.
I want to these are all the places I have this whole thing about
traveling
the US from the atlantic to the pacific
But that would have been cool. That's my dream to do that. After after I've got all my Children in college.
I hope it will. Uh
It's going to it it's not going to completely clear up anyways. Never because once the virus is there it doesn't.
So there there has to be something in the middle of the new normal. I hope people understand that.
It's
really difficult. Like I even heard polio's coming back. So uh
And to those people who are not getting polio vaccines, I want to show that people from Pakistan I have seen people would pull you
and
here they just don't understand how bad the disease it is and how fortunate it was that they couldn't see it away or anywhere. Uh
What like okay in Pakistan we used to say like you could you could always say that you know it's a conspiracy theory. But who's doing this to the U. S. People like I don't understand.
But most of these people are educated. Like I've heard a lot of people who are anti vaxxers and they're good educated, good people like you know like not
completely
That
that's that's another thing I don't understand. Like everyone says I have the right to do this and
you do have the right to do that. But other people also have the right to live and you
you're doing that. So where
does that come?
Thinking
that you're
different extreme. Yeah.
It's like a
you don't think it's that easy to fix because people's psychology take a lot, it takes a lot of time. It takes generations. Because people who have already ingrained who've been ingrained with these things, they've been thinking this all their life and now they have another generation in front of them who has been brought up amongst this this this mindset. So those Children have this thing in them from now, they would be they would grow up and maybe maybe open their minds up two different things but it's really difficult to just completely erase it all this easily. It takes generations
and
I don't how do we check?
I mean do I was hoping I get seriously I am really bad at talking, like not bad but yeah, interaction. So
just
Yeah. It was easy and it was fun. It was really nice talking to you.
Good
luck
with your psychology.
Please
pay
for them so that
we're
all
done. Yes.
Got better. They might still get better. Mm
that's what I put you. Okay youtube.