SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Oh, mm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hi, how are you
SPEAKER_R: I'm good, how are you doing?
SPEAKER_L: doing? Good.
SPEAKER_R: I'm jennifer,
SPEAKER_L: I'm chuck
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you. Happy
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: monday.
SPEAKER_L: to meet you too. Happy monday and just finish work, so
SPEAKER_R: I've been on furlough for a while and I'm in the process of possibly looking for new jobs, so um again, I missed the routine and everything of that, you know? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm doing it from the computer so it's it's tough. It's
SPEAKER_R: already
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: tough.
SPEAKER_R: already worked from home before, but I work for a hotel company, so obviously with all of the travel restrictions and it's just not a great time to be trying to market hotels, so they have us off to save money and figure things out. And this is Elfi, she likes to sit on my lap when I do these things, so I about oh, thank you. I have
SPEAKER_L: that's my mind's right behind me on the capsule. That's uh alright home, that didn't work. Can you see him her? Let's see.
SPEAKER_R: uh it's a very chop, I think. Yeah. Hello? Hello, You're so cute.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: so let's say it's quite all right, you've done these before.
SPEAKER_R: uh yeah, I've done well, I was supposed to do on saturday and nobody could up and then I've done it once in like one of the previous rounds that they,
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: um yeah, it's nice to, you know, to see, I'm still like I'm in Illinois and we're kind of we're open but I'm still kind of doing a lot of self isolating and I've seen a few friends like meet up in a park but stay in different blankets and stuff like that, so it's so nice I guess, you know, see people virtually and just talk to us, I live alone, so like to talk to other humans as kind of novels. She Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm in new york. We got hit pretty hard, but and uh you know, I've been uh still seeing a lot of people, I mean, I got two kids, so and uh you know,
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: boom
SPEAKER_R: makes
SPEAKER_L: working
SPEAKER_R: it a little.
SPEAKER_L: virtually and things like that. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: uh
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: my family's like mom and grandma and stuff, they're down in florida and I've been wanting to try to go visit but was stuff getting hit bad down there and Alex, you know just not going
SPEAKER_L: Kmart.
SPEAKER_R: to happen for a little while and stuff, so talk to them on the phone a lot, but they're not they're not very tech savvy so they're not doing anything or anything anytime soon.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm sure. Well like we my parents live next town over so we've set it up for them and things like that, but they're not They're not that paranoid about what's going on in there, they're in their early 70s were already popped up.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's what my mom is uh in her 60s but was going grocery shopping for like the 89 year olds for my grandmother like her friends and stuff so I was like well you still have to be careful and like when they started opening up restaurants and like please just keep doing take stuff because you she's fairly healthy but you know it's at that age you just don't want them taking any unnecessary risk. It's not worth getting sick over getting a steak that you could have got as a carry out or that you could have made it home or you know stuff like that so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's been tough. She's you know my mother is used to being really active, she's a social butterfly, so it's you know, she's always out and about and can't sit still. So yeah, it's been tough, it's like talking to a brick wall. It's, you know.
SPEAKER_R: Good morning. Oh.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: that's been about it
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's a it's a very it's a weird time for everyone and stuff for your kids. Are they doing online learning like a school starting up again soon or?
SPEAKER_L: bit, they're really little, so I have a six month old and a four year old, so they're
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: daycare was closed. Um My oldest obviously you know, she you know, my my youngest wasn't even a daycare yet one that started
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: um because we re closed early March and so my oldest one's been in daycare, they sent stuff, but it's it's daycare, you know, so you know, simple stuff so they did stuff with them and.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so it's it's the challenges of like keeping them occupied and busy but at least not necessarily worrying that they're like falling
SPEAKER_L: it's.
SPEAKER_R: behind or anything like that like that's at least a little bit I don't have any kids but I have friends who are teachers and stuff and I just know you know that they are worried with you know kids who aren't connecting as well like doing the online learning and stuff like that because it's a little bit more of a challenge than you know being able to work one on one with them and in the classroom I've needed and stuff so it's nice at least sit there not having to to do with that. That's my biggest thing. It's like we should be more concerned as a country about like how to get schools and then also daycare back open before we were worried about bars and gyms and stuff like that, so it's kind of kind of a shame there and stuff and like I'm happy that I'm a big baseball fan and I'm kind of happy that they're trying to play, but then it's also like you have more than half a team's roster that got covid last week, so maybe you shouldn't be playing in a pandemic and it could have been off uh season, so it's tough.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't think the baseball season is going to finish. I was excited for it to start. Um You know I've watched
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: a few games but it's been it's been a train wreck so far because I think there was you know the marlins last week and then there was another team this week with the
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: card
SPEAKER_R: cardinals,
SPEAKER_L: african cardinals.
SPEAKER_R: cardinals were supposed, I don't even know if they're gonna end up playing, but I grew up in michigan, so they're supposed to play the tigers and stuff and I'm like, I don't know if that's going to happen and I'm also comes and they've been doing pretty well and stuff and seem to like be kind of taking it more seriously, but it's like it just takes one person to like go out to a restaurant when they maybe shouldn't be and then come back in the locker room and you've got a whole team, you know, that gets sick and stuff like at least I'm not a basketball fan, but you know the NBA is doing it right, some of the soccer leagues are doing it right with doing the bubble where everything comes to the players, the players don't have to go out and get exposed. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but even there it takes one person to lie about you know I've been isolated and then they deliver some chinese Putin that's it. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So it's I don't think there's a great solution to it. Um I don't know it's been frustrating. I worked with the autistic population mainly and some of them have been thriving with this because they aren't that social. Um And you know some of them do the online learning and they've been actually doing better, but then some of them are very routine driven and they have, you know, they don't understand it and they've been doing terrible, so it's really tough and it's really tough and that's like a hands on population to work with um You
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: really cool that you do that and everything and that's a job that definitely feels like it's it's helping people a lot. So that's that's that's very cool,
SPEAKER_L: yeah it's fun, I've always enjoyed it, I've been doing it 13 years now. Yeah and
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I've done, I can't tell you how many aspects of it I've done, I've kind of been all over the field, I found my niche like about the last 56 years, so.
SPEAKER_R: very cool. That's kind of, I'm sort of looking into, I ended up in marketing, working for theater for a long time and really enjoyed it and then kind of got burnt out by it though towards the end because there was lots of hours, lots of, you know, evening events, weekends, stuff like um and I moved into the hotel and it's like, I like it, but I'm not not like if the job does like, I will be upset if the job goes away because it's a decent job and you know, this lets me live and do the things I normally want to do and stuff, but um I'm kind of doing some, trying to take some free like online courses and like coding or just like try to sample different things to find somebody I think that, you know, I might be more passionate about and maybe that might really help people more than, you know, travel helps people in some ways and give them a break and stuff. But just feeling like I'm making more of an impact I think with everything going on because like in the beginning I'm like it's a good thing, I'm staying home and I'm helping people by staying home, but it doesn't necessarily feel like I'm doing anything but sitting at home. So what,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know, I think if uh you know if my friends that are living alone or in the situation of the year and I think it's a lot tougher on them um where it's, you know, I mean
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: I'm still connecting with people at work through zoom um and you know, I'm socializing with friends to resume and no, I have my wife and kids
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: at home because I usually work two jobs. So before this, um you know, it was 2 to 3 times a week, I have 12 hour days and then the days that we're normal, we're only like 89 hour days. So you know, I was I was never home, you know, weekends, I, you know, I was doing stuff but with the family, but I was exhausted and I want to do anything. You know, I forced myself to, but now it's great. It's you know, every night I'm eating dinner with my family and you know, we're doing things outside and we're doing things around the house, you live in the suburbs. So we have a front yard backyard and live on a cold a sack. So the girls are playing in the street and you know, so we're really lucky. So this is, you know, everyone's like, I want everything to open up and like kind of like this life a little bit better. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I think if I if this
SPEAKER_L: You know?
SPEAKER_R: had happened a couple of years ago when I was still working with the theater and like I'm, you know very, I'm still a big fan and I have season to get like my old job, like the shows that come in and stuff and I'm very worried about the long lasting effect this is going to have, but I think um there's a lot of people who, because I definitely used to have that, you know, I go into the office at 8 39 o'clock in the morning and not get home sometimes till 89 10 o'clock at night um and everything, and again, you know, at the time and now I live alone, so it's a little different. I don't have like a family that's depending on me or anything like that, but I definitely like had that burnout and like, uh even now it's a little bit nice to have this like break and just sort of, you know, I worked through college and internships and all that in the summers and stuff, so I've never had like an extended break and you know, there's some days where I feel a little bit guilty and I'm like, I want to be more productive, I want to go back to work and I like this just sitting around and stuff, but then I'm like, well I hopefully will never have a time like this again in my life, so At the same time it's nice to be able to go and take the dog out for a long walk by the lake at 1:00 on Monday afternoon and you know, it's not hurting anybody or anything like that, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's been, you know, that part of it just, it's been really nice, you know? Um It's funny because I worked with a team about seven or 8 and we've been working remotely and one of them has, you know, she has a son that's two or three months younger than my daughter and we're the only two people and team, this is great, this is great with kids, respect them, Everyone else is having a nervous breakdowns. You know, we got to get out of the house and so guests perspective. Yeah. For me it's been and you know, it's my wife was really nervous about this whole thing in the beginning, you know, I mean she was freaking out and now she started to relax a little bit. She's kind of come to kind of an equilibrium and so you know, we're having family members or close friends trying to be smart about it and things like that, but we're, we're not completely isolated anymore. So her cousin and her boyfriend came over last night and go to my parents house sometimes her, her aunt and uncle's house. So it's, you know, stuff like that, it's been nice. Like I said, I'm kinda, it looks like probably in about a month. My schedule is going right back to where it was like, it's tough.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, so you enjoy enjoy the last of it while you can and stuff? Yeah. Me.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. I'm not gonna, I used to have to get up at six a.m. I'm not a morning person today, I had to get a bed around 8:30 and it was rough. I'm like, how am I going to do this five days
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: and we're getting up three hours
SPEAKER_R: been
SPEAKER_L: earlier
SPEAKER_R: having that too.
SPEAKER_L: than I did.
SPEAKER_R: Um especially there was a soccer tournament I was watching last month where the games were spread out because they had to use um extra time during the day for like covid cleaning protocols between games and stuff. And they were trying to miss the, it was in Utah, so they were trying to miss like mid day, so it wasn't 100 and 20 degrees when the players were playing. But that meant that the games were at like 11 30 here and then nine o'clock at night, so they were ending close. Um and it's completely thrown off my sleep schedule because I was like, well, great, I can stay up to watch soccer. I don't have anything they do, but now it's like getting up at eight o'clock in the morning is tough, 7 30 in the morning. It's like, oh, when I have a real job again and I have to start and like if I have to go back into an office at any time, like, oh my God, you know, so I've been trying to force myself to get back in the normal adult human life and and doing that and some days it goes okay and then sometimes it's like, oh, it's a 30 I'm still watching whatever's on netflix that you need to get
SPEAKER_L: Already.
SPEAKER_R: your butt to bed and stuff. So I think everybody kind of time time the first month or so quarantine felt like it went very slowly and then the last couple of months and felt like, oh, it's already august like. So, um, it seems like when it was very novel, it was like, okay, this is, this is slowing everything down and now it's like everything like the summer is speeding up and it feels like, you know, how is it summer almost? It never feels like it really feel like summer started in some ways and that was almost over, but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm in denial about it.
SPEAKER_R: hey,
SPEAKER_L: There's still, I've taken on projects around the house and I'm just like, I just want to get these done, make sure I have everything done before I have to go back to the real world. So we'll see.
SPEAKER_R: you know, hopefully
SPEAKER_L: I think I will.
SPEAKER_R: at least I'm glad, you know, Oh no, I were definitely decreasing in case there's some, some, we're increasing again, but we're a lot better off than we were in May. And I know new york is kind of, you know, is the same because we were hit hard early in the beginning, but I'm just hoping it stays where it is, like right now, at least, if not continually, it gets better so that we don't have to go back through this again for the fall or winter because people were worried, you know, with flu season to that the combination might make things bad and I really don't want them to. So it's funny to think back because my best friend's wedding was supposed to be May 1st or second and then they were to august like 15th or something and I was like, okay, when like I, this was like very early on in March when everything was first happening, so I moved my flight and all this. Um and of course after a couple months they realized it wasn't even, you know, going to be able to really happen in august with people traveling and you know, all the relatives and stuff, so they ended up pushing it back to next year. Um but it's kind of funny to like think back to March, where I was like, oh august will be fine, you know, we can, there was another event for the theater, like they always did a concert in the park every summer, like I texted because I hadn't announced the date and I wanted to make sure it wasn't conflicting with the wedding or like when I was going to fly back, my boss was like, oh, you know august 18th or something and then they never even ended up announcing it because it was clear that, you know, no big summer months, we're going to be able to happen and stuff and it's like kind of quaint to think back to March, where I was like, well this, this will be over in a few months and now we're unfortunately just living with it until really we can get the vaccines and stuff like that, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. When I first started, I thought Week or two Maybe, you know, and then when things started happening, I mean, you know my my neighborhood is right outside of new york city, it's literally across the bridge. So um you know, my county got especially hit hard. It was one of the worst in the country and you know, I know
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: people have passed away from it and things like that and like when you know it started hitting my county and people I knew started getting in, you know all those things um and you know everything started closing down, that's why you know, it was like a good week, I'm like oh no this isn't good. Um But now you know, I think things are under control. Well see I think when things opened back up though, I think you know the guys I work with, you know, they were like well you have to practice social distancing and where maths and they
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: don't know how to do that. We like, you know these kids, you know, I work with the behaviorally challenged once, mainly they're really gonna, you know, we can't get them to stop touching people, you know, normally this is gonna be almost impossible for them. So
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's a,
SPEAKER_L: you know, I think that's tough.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, that's a, it's a hard shell, like I was, I've been reading some stuff and it thinks you didn't even think of like people who are deaf or hard of hearing or having a lot more trouble with these days because of people wearing masks, so they can't look read and look at the, you know, cues and
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: stuff and there's so many things that regular, you know, sort of normal body, person goes about their life and never thinks of. And so, um, you know, those challenges I'm sure are huge and everything, but it's at least having people there who are trying to help them is very cool and everything
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, they actually came out with masks with a a face shield, like it's like a clear plastic for people that are deaf. So I mean it doesn't help them and the general public, but if they're with someone that they know they can wear that the other person to read their lips, so it's kind of cool is from the innovations that are coming from this um
SPEAKER_R: I'm glad there are people who are out there to like think of that stuff because it's something that I probably, you know, would not would not have thought it was an issue until I read about it and I was like, oh yeah, you know, I'm glad that there are people, you know, out there, that stuff and looking out for people and trying to come up with really cool solution. I feel like the one thing that's been that even though there's been a lot of
SPEAKER_L: You know.
SPEAKER_R: disagreement and stuff about everything that's happening, there are a lot of people have done some really cool stuff, whether it's making masks for people are you know, trying to reach out to people
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: and like, I'm very glad that like my mom uh january, she stays with my, with her step mom, my except grandmother because she had broke her hip late last fall um and then had a
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: procedure earlier this year, right actually is like kind of everything was happening um so she's not quite able to live on her own in terms of like making dinners and stuff like that um but at least they like have each other and stuff in Arnold, because I know like for seniors, especially like in homes and stuff where people couldn't go in and out and visit obviously for the health reasons, because those are such a like at risk population that, you know, people have, I've seen people do like letter campaigns or Figuring out how to like visit through the windows or just one place I saw did something like they had an extra room so they let one, there was like a woman and they let her husband come and live. He didn't normally live, you know, in the home with her because she needed extra help or something and he got, he had to quarantine and you know, stay for three months at least he was able to like be there. So there's been a lot of, I think really nice stories that have come out of like a really bad situation like this too. So it's good to kind of find that that good news in mixed in with all the bad to sort of refresh your faith in humanity, you know, that kind of stuff. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No there's been a lot of that. It's been it's been cool to see because you know trying to stay off facebook but I mean that that place is like a war zone now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I've
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: never, everyone's a while and it's like, I need to deactivate it. It doesn't add that much. Like it's nice to see some like family
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: that you don't normally see, especially like times like this see pictures of my cousins and their kids and stuff, but at the end of the day, it's like, doesn't really add that much to my life. Probably not that much,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: I just see the yeah I mean it's that's true, you gotta even you focus on the positive and the negative and that's you know, it's so much of a mindset um try to stay positive, but then I just see, you know, and I think in my personal life I've been appreciating the positive aspects of it, but it also it hurts to see everyone just focusing on the negative of this stuff and it's yeah, it's a Nike said before, it's an interesting time. I don't know what's gonna come of it. I'm kind of curious myself like the, like from the socialist perspective how this is gonna like affect everyone moving forward because for myself, I'm thinking it's gonna be a really hard
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: transition back, but what are going to be the social aspects of, because I think it's going to be a really hard transition back for just about everyone and so we're going to be the the, you know, implications for that, the workplaces and all that stuff because everyone's been, You know, their life has changed for the past five or 6 months. Um, So it's gonna be really interesting. We'll see. We'll see.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't even, it's so it's like when I'm filling out job applications or just even thinking I haven't eaten in a restaurant since february and I don't miss it all that much. But it's also like I miss like I miss more even like just the communal aspect of like hanging out with my friends and stuff, it's like I can go to the restaurant and pick up takeout. I've been trying to do once a week to especially like local places and stuff to give them business and everything. Um But it's like if I don't go back to that, I think I'd be okay, but it's like it's going to the theater so much. I miss going to like movies and everything, but now I'm also very concerned about going, you know, like the first time you go to a movie and somebody coughs like is everybody going to freak out or like, you know? Um and just even like there's think some positive aspects of it have just even remembering, you know? But hygiene, like I always wash my hands a lot as it was, but just it's even reinforced that in my mind and stuff like especially when I come back in from outside from walking the dialogue and every other like doing that. So I feel like there's, there's some positives that will come out of this for long term, but then you're right and that it's going to be very hard, like socially dependent reintegrate, integrate into office spaces or um some of those communal spaces that maybe we once didn't think about and that just seemed like, so like there's stuff like during flu season where I was like, oh maybe this wasn't the best of ideas or her things before. So you know, it's going to be very different and everything, but
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah. We'll see. We'll see.
SPEAKER_R: definitely one where it's like there's been a few times I guess, especially like with 9 11 or certain events, like some of the wars and stuff, but it's never really felt like I was living through history quite so much as it feels like you're living through history now and that this is that we're going to be in like textbooks in a couple of years like this period of time and Pete kids will be studying it and
SPEAKER_L: It's funny because everyone's been saying that, but I almost feel this is just going to be kind of like a footnote. You know, it's like
SPEAKER_R: hey
SPEAKER_L: the polio of stuff in the 50s. Like people talked about it, but we never really studied it. I almost feel it's going to be something like that, you know, and uh, you know, the AIDS epidemic epidemic that we went through the 90s, remember everyone talking about it, but I almost feel like it's not studied, almost feel it's just going to kind of be a footnote. Um, and we'll see, I think all right, no. You know, I think this is just I almost feel like once we get past this people are gonna try to forget it as fast as we can. So
SPEAKER_R: I'm, as I said, you know I'm a big movie fan, I'm also, there's a lot of tv shows so I listen to like a lot of entertainment podcasts and like every time they interview like a writer or somebody who's a director or something and they're kind of like, well maybe some stories should include people wearing mask or like covid storylines especially like a medical show or something. But then everyone else is like all people want to do is forget that this is going on. So we just want to put like feel good tv there and like figure out, you know, the best way to be able to do that safely and stuff. So it really has like affected all aspects of life and everything. So Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mm. All right, well I think our time is up. It's been fun.
SPEAKER_R: yeah absolutely have a great rest of your day and everything and I hope your family stay as well.
SPEAKER_L: You too,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: think
SPEAKER_L: a good one.
SPEAKER_R: you just say