Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Oh, mm. Yeah.
Hi, how are you
doing? Good.
I'm chuck
good
to meet you too. Happy monday and just finish work, so
Yeah, I'm doing it from the computer so it's it's tough. It's
very
tough.
that's my mind's right behind me on the capsule. That's uh alright home, that didn't work. Can you see him her? Let's see.
Thank you. Yeah,
so let's say it's quite all right, you've done these before.
It's
just
Yeah, I'm in new york. We got hit pretty hard, but and uh you know, I've been uh still seeing a lot of people, I mean, I got two kids, so and uh you know,
boom
working
virtually and things like that. Yeah,
So
Kmart.
Yeah, I'm sure. Well like we my parents live next town over so we've set it up for them and things like that, but they're not They're not that paranoid about what's going on in there, they're in their early 70s were already popped up.
Yeah, it's been tough. She's you know my mother is used to being really active, she's a social butterfly, so it's you know, she's always out and about and can't sit still. So yeah, it's been tough, it's like talking to a brick wall. It's, you know.
Uh Yeah,
that's been about it
bit, they're really little, so I have a six month old and a four year old, so they're
daycare was closed. Um My oldest obviously you know, she you know, my my youngest wasn't even a daycare yet one that started
um because we re closed early March and so my oldest one's been in daycare, they sent stuff, but it's it's daycare, you know, so you know, simple stuff so they did stuff with them and.
it's.
Yeah. I don't think the baseball season is going to finish. I was excited for it to start. Um You know I've watched
a few games but it's been it's been a train wreck so far because I think there was you know the marlins last week and then there was another team this week with the
card
african cardinals.
Yeah but even there it takes one person to lie about you know I've been isolated and then they deliver some chinese Putin that's it. Um
So it's I don't think there's a great solution to it. Um I don't know it's been frustrating. I worked with the autistic population mainly and some of them have been thriving with this because they aren't that social. Um And you know some of them do the online learning and they've been actually doing better, but then some of them are very routine driven and they have, you know, they don't understand it and they've been doing terrible, so it's really tough and it's really tough and that's like a hands on population to work with um You
know,
yeah it's fun, I've always enjoyed it, I've been doing it 13 years now. Yeah and
I've done, I can't tell you how many aspects of it I've done, I've kind of been all over the field, I found my niche like about the last 56 years, so.
Yeah. You know, I think if uh you know if my friends that are living alone or in the situation of the year and I think it's a lot tougher on them um where it's, you know, I mean
I'm still connecting with people at work through zoom um and you know, I'm socializing with friends to resume and no, I have my wife and kids
at home because I usually work two jobs. So before this, um you know, it was 2 to 3 times a week, I have 12 hour days and then the days that we're normal, we're only like 89 hour days. So you know, I was I was never home, you know, weekends, I, you know, I was doing stuff but with the family, but I was exhausted and I want to do anything. You know, I forced myself to, but now it's great. It's you know, every night I'm eating dinner with my family and you know, we're doing things outside and we're doing things around the house, you live in the suburbs. So we have a front yard backyard and live on a cold a sack. So the girls are playing in the street and you know, so we're really lucky. So this is, you know, everyone's like, I want everything to open up and like kind of like this life a little bit better. Uh
You know?
It's been, you know, that part of it just, it's been really nice, you know? Um It's funny because I worked with a team about seven or 8 and we've been working remotely and one of them has, you know, she has a son that's two or three months younger than my daughter and we're the only two people and team, this is great, this is great with kids, respect them, Everyone else is having a nervous breakdowns. You know, we got to get out of the house and so guests perspective. Yeah. For me it's been and you know, it's my wife was really nervous about this whole thing in the beginning, you know, I mean she was freaking out and now she started to relax a little bit. She's kind of come to kind of an equilibrium and so you know, we're having family members or close friends trying to be smart about it and things like that, but we're, we're not completely isolated anymore. So her cousin and her boyfriend came over last night and go to my parents house sometimes her, her aunt and uncle's house. So it's, you know, stuff like that, it's been nice. Like I said, I'm kinda, it looks like probably in about a month. My schedule is going right back to where it was like, it's tough.
yeah. I'm not gonna, I used to have to get up at six a.m. I'm not a morning person today, I had to get a bed around 8:30 and it was rough. I'm like, how am I going to do this five days
and we're getting up three hours
earlier
than I did.
Already.
Yeah, I'm in denial about it.
There's still, I've taken on projects around the house and I'm just like, I just want to get these done, make sure I have everything done before I have to go back to the real world. So we'll see.
I think I will.
Yeah. When I first started, I thought Week or two Maybe, you know, and then when things started happening, I mean, you know my my neighborhood is right outside of new york city, it's literally across the bridge. So um you know, my county got especially hit hard. It was one of the worst in the country and you know, I know
people have passed away from it and things like that and like when you know it started hitting my county and people I knew started getting in, you know all those things um and you know everything started closing down, that's why you know, it was like a good week, I'm like oh no this isn't good. Um But now you know, I think things are under control. Well see I think when things opened back up though, I think you know the guys I work with, you know, they were like well you have to practice social distancing and where maths and they
don't know how to do that. We like, you know these kids, you know, I work with the behaviorally challenged once, mainly they're really gonna, you know, we can't get them to stop touching people, you know, normally this is gonna be almost impossible for them. So
you know, I think that's tough.
What?
Mhm. Yeah, they actually came out with masks with a a face shield, like it's like a clear plastic for people that are deaf. So I mean it doesn't help them and the general public, but if they're with someone that they know they can wear that the other person to read their lips, so it's kind of cool is from the innovations that are coming from this um
You know.
What?
yeah.
Yeah. No there's been a lot of that. It's been it's been cool to see because you know trying to stay off facebook but I mean that that place is like a war zone now.
It
What?
No,
I just see the yeah I mean it's that's true, you gotta even you focus on the positive and the negative and that's you know, it's so much of a mindset um try to stay positive, but then I just see, you know, and I think in my personal life I've been appreciating the positive aspects of it, but it also it hurts to see everyone just focusing on the negative of this stuff and it's yeah, it's a Nike said before, it's an interesting time. I don't know what's gonna come of it. I'm kind of curious myself like the, like from the socialist perspective how this is gonna like affect everyone moving forward because for myself, I'm thinking it's gonna be a really hard
transition back, but what are going to be the social aspects of, because I think it's going to be a really hard transition back for just about everyone and so we're going to be the the, you know, implications for that, the workplaces and all that stuff because everyone's been, You know, their life has changed for the past five or 6 months. Um, So it's gonna be really interesting. We'll see. We'll see.
yeah, yeah. We'll see. We'll see.
It's funny because everyone's been saying that, but I almost feel this is just going to be kind of like a footnote. You know, it's like
the polio of stuff in the 50s. Like people talked about it, but we never really studied it. I almost feel it's going to be something like that, you know, and uh, you know, the AIDS epidemic epidemic that we went through the 90s, remember everyone talking about it, but I almost feel like it's not studied, almost feel it's just going to kind of be a footnote. Um, and we'll see, I think all right, no. You know, I think this is just I almost feel like once we get past this people are gonna try to forget it as fast as we can. So
Mm. All right, well I think our time is up. It's been fun.
You too,
have
a good one.