mm. Okay, thank you each other, wow.
Good. How are you?
That's good. What do you do today?
Well,
at least you took it easy.
I hope your kids through here,
can
I?
I wasn't your baby.
I'm like uh
I love babies. I um you know that necklace thing? Do you know that thing I'm talking about? So it's like make a necklace dangling over your left hand. And it's
like some people for dig from any kids you're gonna have. So like picking up girls, you dangle it, it goes back and forth. That means boy, if it goes in a circle that means girl and like go back and forth until you like stop moving. And I did it like my mom and then she got girl boy and then me and my brother and then it's not moving. And I was like, I'm gonna get, you know? But I did it and I got four kids before it stopped moving, so I don't know. Yeah way.
I know
Uh That's a long way to go. A long way. Have you been
doing terrific for a long time? Way.
too. I started with bulge. Um
Well I don't know. I saw it in a pot comment. It's the only serve a website that I love that because like along with the other one that I like looked up. Yeah like whatever. And like the other ones just look like they give my computer like a virus, like their money ads and stuff.
Yeah. I like prolific.
what's what's the amazon thing? Is it just for surveys?
That's cool.
I like for I didn't want to get you know, but then I got one later on so like I
don't do it as much now. But did you wear nice because like you get $15 which is like, so
For just like 25 minutes? Yeah.
Have you done this? How many times have you done
this? You
don't you?
How are the other two people? Yeah.
I was really didn't like a creepy old man's. I have.
that's true. I didn't want to, I got my first one. I don't like this girl. She was nice and then I got like this boy, but he was like super shy. Like that time I was just like sitting
there because I kept wanting to make sure they're safe. And so I was just like, okay. Yeah. I was like, oh
well,
that's so
Some therapy, wow,
Oh, that's funny. Uh
I know. I feel like I'm not getting to someone like
that like this and you better have nothing to lose, but you can just say whatever. Do everything and like we'll probably never see them again. Yeah. My friends shouldn't be moved into a dorm there in that moment today and in the morning. It's so weird going back back the quality and like I'm at home just
so
like traditional ones, like 60 people dorms, it's only for
one
person. And like my friend who moved into one, she like puts the two beds together to make a big one because like they don't get rid of the fun of very believable. Yeah.
And then like the other three friends, they lived in a, they got sweet so they got a free people living room. It's two of them. So I guess it works
out.
I don't
know what you're gonna say.
I'm just gonna pull one because my classes were on. I was like, there's no point in trying to back just to be on campus. Yeah,
I'm undecided. I think with the ecology to be long. I don't know. I had, I had a midlife crisis or maybe that Midlife 19. But
way
I'm gonna be a stock normal. And during my freshman
orientation they were like, oh, turns out because I'm in ASia, which is undecided so that it turns out your business. And I was like, no, I'm not. But then I took it as a sign. I was like, oh, maybe the universe is smelling me to be in the school of business side business classes. And then after my freshman year, I took a personality test and I was like, I had a lot of business major. So
my God.
What's
his name? Oh, so cute. Oh,
What
did you go to? Like a comment? Did you be like a
trade school
or anything?
Where'd you go?
Oh cool. What are you studying?
one will probably be
What happened
Wall?
Yeah. Like you're honest. And like,
I feel like it's how like taboo it is to like
not go to college because like you really want like the students that are there, like even like you're just
there for a piece of paper. You're not necessarily there.
Well from.
Which is, that's
like another life is not fair because
they're like do
what you love. Like whatever. That's a living out of
it. Which is like so normal.
Yeah. It's half of the work three. Like what are you gonna do?
Well
What, wow baby. Once. Hmm.
Yeah. I just like to bring up because you definitely know university while I was gonna
mind in sociology. But I don't know. I don't know because it's like you want a job like I want a job that makes money obvious to the moon. But like the only ones that actually guarantee pretty money and like sometimes it doesn't is like dr whatever like dentists. But like even
if you do go through med school, whatever you want a successful doctor. Like what if you don't get hired anywhere
and like you're squared.
True
honey.
I
have a link.
will take the noise.
Break
up
the wall.
Like it makes also like criminal and I'm like year like because I'm gradually 20, like I feel or my time it's gonna be it's gonna be the hardest job for
new graduates around that time. Which I believe.
Mhm. I don't know. I
don't know.
It is because Yeah,
I've
heard them.
I've heard like a lot
of
people just like, like when I was in my profession. Yeah. I do like this plantation thing, not not the one I got to be something else with my major. And they're like, it's like it's okay. You wanna tell me now because like 70% of the people who majored in something don't necessarily do something major anyways.
Which
like sense. I don't know. I think college is a speed. I'm only
doing it because my parents are immigrants will be honest. Um They go out have the opportunity.
Mhm. I just think like that I was going to understand because college tuition places and just like increased so much. I'm like I'm
getting I'm
doing online.
I'm getting
online
promises
sir, I'm getting the same people, but it's not the same experience. I'm definitely not going to let him the same. I shouldn't be getting charged with same promise. Like I mean no stuff, they're charging me recreational for the gym, but students
who don't
let
you go, I don't know. Uh Yeah, I don't know. I honestly, no, I think I like my first real deworming
was like such a good experience. So like I didn't think it's definitely worth it. Uh
My friend, my friend, she's a she's a little slow sometimes, but like
she was like,
we're pretty 19 this year. It started
last years to be a teen when we're like 21, you gotta go out. But I'm hope I'm like, what? She's like, we got to start thinking about the careers. I'm like 21 and 23 year olds going out of always a
response career. Like more time. She's like no you don't.
You got to think about it and like, you know.
Yeah. Like my cousin like she got lucky because she just graduated here and she she has grown up job now. But that's what because like other company helped her find this job, but it's not like I don't know what something like this is what he loves doing and like I don't think she's gonna still want that job, but I don't know. But
yeah, She's not a grown
up
I'm talking about. Yeah.
because like I'm a yeah, like a lot of students and watched underage drinking stuff. Like a lot
of people
don't,
you know what I
mean? Like 20.
Yeah. And like
21. That's
when people are like, OK, that's when I feel like people really like go out and actually have fun stuff. I don't know. You're just not an adult at 20.
I do like my nails.
I got wanted them for me. Yeah. She has a nail
salon.
I mean you hear short ones? I don't know. I think it's not even worth it if you just go to a nail salon and just paint a little bit of pain, it's not worth the money.
Doing a lot of uh if my aunt didn't do my mark and free, I would not get my nails done. It's just cause I bite my nails so I need to get like fake mails or dip
so I can't bite it and my mom yells at me. So
just
yeah just put it on par for a little. How have you been doing the whole pandemic? How how has it been freaking out?
Yeah.
At least you know
you
have other priorities. Uh
ma'am.
You
can have
I
don't
I don't think we're so divided and that's the problem.
Yeah. I just want to get more of like like we're me, I wear it because I'm not necessarily worried about myself. I just don't ever want to give it to my parents or any other of the vulnerable people. And I just feel like since we're so
divided, like some people don't want that,
some
people do like it should be mandated whatever. That's like the problem because I mean the CDC said like whatever like if everyone wore a mosque uh
But
but like I don't know how please participate into wearing a math because like it's I don't know it's just like
we
don't have nothing and
I mean it definitely has something
to
do.
That's
I
think that's
how many people Yeah. The bandanna. Yeah,
but that goes off to everyone. So divided. People don't like people are just wearing it like in Michael, I'm in Connecticut so it's more like
people want more. But I feel some people aren't like how to do it because I work at the mall and
so many people come in their mouth down going out. Uh
my mom.
But that's what I mean. Like you that is the reason like the virus is still going on because people aren't worried about like the vulnerable people more than like just themselves. Not that I think yourself working like everyone
to think, yeah, everyone you think I already think like I'm not gonna jump on someone's not because they're not wearing a mask meanwhile. But for me, I just feel like if I could just put myself, it doesn't expect me that much if I can just put it on and like if it would just save some people then like I mean I'm not gonna say it anymore. Yeah. But like if I just like partaking whatever it is that will decrease the
career of whatever.
I don't feel like people who like are getting into fights with like you know those videos on like social media and stuff like just going home and we're really that mad that people are denying service and stuff. Like I just feel like
well
I mean you
can just leave a lot of stories in Connecticut they lost at the grocery
store
Oh let's tell how it was before is over here. But I
get the sense
that's
not what uh everyone is. What what what's that word entitled to their own opinion?
That word.
Yeah, that's true. It's a mess just home because I think it would just help,
it
would help
the pandemic growing around
that's killed
among people.
It's
killed
like hundreds of thousands of people
in the US.
Well,
certain things. But I mean like
I
thought from that document
like
the government is very corrupt.
But
I just still think that it is affecting a lot of families and stuff.
And yes, this
bible rate is hi for the growers. But it doesn't mean that it doesn't necessarily it doesn't affect your quality of life either because
it
does
damage your lungs and the thickens your blood and stuff and makes you more susceptible
to heart attacks
and stuff.
I mean, it's been six months since
also
born,
you
know,
one time in china. Because there's been a lot of
things in china. Like, I mean china. I was born
in a lot
but in a lot of asian countries it's already a norm to wear a mask when you're sick. And yeah not everyone in the U. S. Is sick obviously. But it
does
like it's better to
have something over your face covering things rather than nothing.
It
just does
big.
It doesn't
work
only
like
one person is covering themselves because the other people are still going to be spreading around
a disease or not deceive a virus.
That can be
you wanna mask
home
it
I