Hi. Yeah, How are you?
I'm good thanks.
Um, nothing much. Uh, I haven't been feeling super great. My kids sick. So pretty much just later on and watched
today. Perfect.
What?
Thank
you. Should see then
terrorism. No, tv he's teething
something.
You have been on the couch with his dad. If he gets up, I'll show you.
All
well, I hope you got at least one of each
president.
No,
I'm just a couple of months. Yeah.
learned about it on the amazon inter credit. Yeah.
Decker.
Yeah. It's definitely hard to find. Um, you should try grid space mixer and amazon mturk.
No, it's not just service. Um, okay. So you can, you can only do it if you're amazon prime member, but um, it's all kinds of stuff. Like there's these hits where you um, great Day in profiles and then there are a lot of academic surveys like on prolific and it's just a bunch of different stuff. You should just look at the Reddit or something and it'll
tell you what, how does this on there?
Talking.
Yeah. I know.
Yeah. And all you have to do is sit and talk to somebody. It's not like a bunch of random boring questions. Yeah. Uh huh.
Thanks.
You are the third person of tall too,
so I only get one more.
They were cool. Uh
I haven't really thought anybody creepy either. Well I was a little scared I was going to, but I'm like, you know what? Everybody's just here for the money. Like there are much better places to be creepy.
No,
out. Yeah. I don't know. Um There was this one guy, he was okay like he just kept wanting to talk about different places and it was weird like he was just asking me about all these different towns if I had been to them or not.
And then he wanted to talk and he wanted to talk about the ones where he had been to the same. And I'm like, I don't think I get into places like you get into place because I can answer the question. Yeah. Uh huh.
And then this other guy, he really just wanted to talk about his divorce and his cat. Okay.
It was fine though. It's like I got paper. I've got like $15 to listen to the Scots. Somebody about his cat. Like it's cool.
I'm sure that oh no, no. Random people are always weird. I'm sure that they would have something weird to say about me too.
All
Right. I met
dorms are weird right now with all the COVID-19. Mhm.
I
heard
That's actually pretty smart. I probably would do that to you. Yeah.
Often.
Yeah. Pretty lucky. All the extra space. Yeah.
So
I was just gonna say, so are you staying at home and going to college or you're just not in college? Yeah. Yeah.
Right. So what's your major?
I was gonna say you're nowhere near midnight. Let's pray you're not anywhere near the middle of your life. Yeah.
You're so young. Uh huh.
President.
barry. Well
Do you still have a little time to decide? Mhm.
I'm
I know it's okay. You'll be back in a minute.
All right. Uh huh. I think we woke them up.
What?
And
I did I went to college. Um
I went to south Carolina upstate
so many things. I changed my major so many times. Um altogether my majors were nursing psychology, sociology, anthropology and Oh
How are you? Well, I didn't
settle on anything. I never I never got my degree.
Uh So all kinds of courses with no actual paperwork, which is fine. This I don't really need one for the past my life took
and Okay. Okay. But I don't know what it was fine. I'm glad I did it. Yeah.
What?
What,
All right, hold on, give me give me one second
stop. I don't I don't use division. Sorry, I thought he took off to my room because my door was open and I don't like him in there because it's not baby proof at all because he's not supposed to be in there. Um But yeah I don't know my serious passion was always an pathology like as a teenager I found myself reading old anthropology textbooks for fun. What as I got older I realized that really unless you get super lucky the chances are you're just gonna end up teaching anthropology right?
So
fire
no.
period
backwards. Well and I don't know that is kind of just this myth that we push her that we push towards our young people do what we love to do what you love because you're kind of gonna end up doing you know whatever. Oh
my advice to anybody who was seeking it would be to get a degree in sociology because there are just so many different uses for it, just
google it all the different jobs you can get with a sociology degree. And like I was reading this thing the other day where people are wanting bye job speakers are wanting um candidates who have master degrees and stuff as Peyton or has unpaid interns.
So anything you can do to just give you a broad range of options would be where to go,
I.
Not.
Well
those, as far as making money goes, those are really just like the cool jobs that make money.
I'll show you what,
I'll tell you what what I learned because I feel like I was you at one point and just looking for this job that was just going to fulfill me and be perfectly fun and great and give me all this money. It doesn't exist.
You
can do is find a job that you can stomach and find a hobby you love God,
find a job that you don't just hate to go to. Um because I have had those, I've had jobs that I hated and I was like I had nightmares that I died there and I'm like this is just where I'm going to be my
whole
life.
Um but it's a bad one that does it terrify you. Uh huh. Just find a hobby. Right,
but
how long?
I
mean it was already pretty hard, I mean you've got people out here with bachelors and masters and stuff and they're writing tables. Yeah it was so sad.
Yes,
I think
all that wasted time and there's so far in dead. Yeah. Yeah
talk
about
No,
perhaps.
But
I think it is an amazing experience to go to college and I I don't I don't know that I would call it a scam. I feel like the scam is that we tell and I was told this when I was younger so is that we tell our younger generations that they're going to be able to have just this amazing job. Taste your passion, chase, your passion is the scale.
Don't
you
think?
And
the parents
that
The
U. K.
S.
What?
Okay. It is and then it's really like, it's not gonna be that big of a chunk of your life like in power. Just enjoy.
I
know. Okay.
It.
Why?
unique.
I was not even close to a grown up. I was 25.
Two.
I
might
No, you do not grow up just because you turned 20, My least mature year was 22. Right,
I
did it
for
you're
not, you're still on a grown up.
No
support.
No, No, you're not an adult at 21. Mm.
Yeah. Yes, I do. I like the house already.
And
I need to go get mine done, but I'm scared. I want to get to thunder there. Yeah. The joys of being a mommy.
No, I'll paint, I'll just paint my album.
Thanks.
I used to get around that and I will
again, just not right now.
My life really hasn't changed a whole lot because like south Carolina never completely shut down. Not really. Like
I didn't, I wasn't going to bars and stuff anyway like um pushing 30
one year old
except
So my life didn't really change a whole lot. I am against having to wear a mask in public.
Uh No, I
think
if you're worried about it then wear a mask, I do not, but okay. Like
this is my
thing.
Yeah. I think everybody should stop worrying about what everybody else is doing. Okay. There is no point in me wearing a mask. My 13 month old is not going to wear a mask. And if he catches Covid 19, I'm gonna catch Covid 19 and there's nothing I can do about that. Because if it is half as contagious as they say it is and he gets in my face all the time. If he catches it while we're out and then, but if it's not contagious enough for him to catch it while we're at the store, then why would I get it? Because I was wasn't working?
Hey.
Do
it.
Do you realize
though that the CBC is politically funded?
Okay. Have you
looked
but
but it's
not
wearing if they were mandating a certain type of mask, I might would be buying into it, but wearing a bandana over your facebook
stop dust, much less the virus. It
does, it
does.
And then half the people who are rare mask or random below their noses.
Bye.
Well,
it's because that they're just like following, they just want to do it so that other people don't tell them. Yeah.
Uh huh. So the other people were like, oh my God, you're not wearing a mask. But I don't care what people can tell me. Oh my God, do not worry about it. Uh huh. And a lot of people wear them here. I just think it shouldn't be mandated because me if if you're if you feel like it will help you, then you wear a mask. Why does that affect me?
that's
let's
see, that's what I'm saying, me wearing me personally wearing a mask isn't going to protect anybody because I can't always keep my son at home, I can't always have a babysitter and if I have it then he has it And he can't wear a mask. Like I mean he could he's not going to he's 13 months old and there's nothing I can do about it. Yeah.
Well that shit because the whole thing is getting the whole thing is getting ridiculous. Stores are turning away parents with kids because they only
want people in there who can spend money.
Wait.
What?
It's not even just about the mask, the whole thing. It's the whole thing like okay, say I had a six year old who would wear a mask. There are stores who are turning away her saying kids can't go in because they can't spend money and they only want people in because they have the limited number capacity. They don't want somebody who can't spend money in their store taken up a space that could go to somebody who could spend money.
So,
so most people who are just completely against mask and are saying that it's not right and it's unconstitutional. It's not literally about the mask.
It's about all of it.
All
right. I just think that forever and in any other situation you everybody agrees that you're responsible for your own safety.
Well, I mean what would it
help? Why wouldn't the people who Okay,
so it would help you?
Where?
No,
but it wasn't And it really hasn't killed that many people. More people die of car
wrecks every year and then have died from Covid.
It's
it's
that it sounds like a large number but when you look at it comparatively to other things that kill people
it's not that
And then do you know the hospitals are being called saying that people who are dying of things that are completely ian covid 19 related or writing it off as a covid 19 deaths. Because they
get
did they get
an improvement
And
I hope,
It
is
Want
to
take,
And
there
is no way they would know that yet. It takes them years to even find out if the medicine has bad side effects. Why would how would they know yet the long term effects of covid
six months,
six months is not in a violent
today. The long
term
effects.
Further.
Even
in china it's been less than a year.
But
I feel
that
And people who feel that way can wear a mask all they want to
why
does why does everyone wearing a mask to change
that? Yeah.
Thank
you.
Why
not
breaking down?
Yeah.
But not everybody even can wear a mask and since everybody can't
so
saying that it doesn't work like that just because you can't just because you can't wear a mask. You don't get to just stay home. People start to go grocery shopping. People
still have to have stuff. Uh huh. People have to go to the doctor's appointments. People have to you can't just stay home. Like the world doesn't work that way in a perfect world, okay? In a perfect world everybody would wear a mask and the people who could and would stay home. But just logistically, it doesn't work like that. And we can't make rules for the perfect world because our world is imperfect and Okay, but
are 25 minutes is up.