SPEAKER_L: mm hmm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. You, yeah. A pull up a list but I got that. You got that. We got that. Okay. They get to a new series looking at people taken in by claims and promises that proved too good to be true. So from Identity Rod and this leading romance to the high profile college admissions scandal and the fire festival. The con is the neighbors show. Mostly I will be over and
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: hi, how are you? Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: I can hear you very well. How can you? Can you hear me? So have you done this before?
SPEAKER_L: I have done it once, but I think some time last year it's been a while.
SPEAKER_R: I signed up a couple of months ago but I couldn't I didn't find a partner that fit my schedule. Um
SPEAKER_L: then
SPEAKER_R: So this is my first time really, So how'd it go last time? Will you just chatted? And did
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: you have to cover
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: any specific topics?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Anything talk about anything for the next Yeah. So
SPEAKER_R: Perfect. So where you from?
SPEAKER_L: um originally I'm from Zimbabwe but
SPEAKER_R: where you let him know
SPEAKER_L: is texas.
SPEAKER_R: uh how's that?
SPEAKER_L: that's good. I like it.
SPEAKER_R: Were you in texas?
SPEAKER_L: Um Dallas, I stay in Arlington
SPEAKER_R: And what brought you there?
SPEAKER_L: um first school and then now I'm just working. I like it here.
SPEAKER_R: And how are the covid cases there? Right now? I heard Houston's in some trouble, but I don't know anything about Dallas.
SPEAKER_L: They are in trouble too. But I don't think people, people have just become ignorant. I think people are just tired of it because
SPEAKER_R: no, it's looking out.
SPEAKER_L: no one is talking about it anymore and if you go out people are just everywhere. I could not
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: they wearing masks?
SPEAKER_L: all right, they're not being forced to so it's optional. So when they want because friday night we went out to watch um
SPEAKER_R: nope.
SPEAKER_L: the game NBA game and I was so surprised there were a lot of people out and they just warm up so they wanted to if they didn't want to they were not wearing them so it was just kind of optional. So like everybody has just become ignorant. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: No. And what's this like the status of like bars and restaurants in texas? Is everything open normal or?
SPEAKER_L: it looks like they have opened normal. I'm actually because um there was it was fully packed. It was fully fully packed. two capacity so I guess nobody cares.
SPEAKER_R: Right now I'm living in new york city and it's weird, I don't actually know the official rules, but I think for restaurants um They can only have 25% capacity and so when you walk by the restaurants, nobody's really eating, nobody is really comfortable, so there's a lot of takeout and stuff, so even if a few bars are open there, there's really not much going on there, it's actually kind of depressing.
SPEAKER_L: No you can go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: Good, that's it, that's it,
SPEAKER_L: Um clubs have actually opened here.
SPEAKER_R: clubs.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I was surprised on friday because after we went to watch the game, the people, my friends are like oh we're gonna go to the club, we're gonna go to, the club has been too long. I'm like really? And the first club went to there are not too many people and then that club we left I think around
SPEAKER_R: good morning,
SPEAKER_L: um 1 30 somewhere there in the morning.
SPEAKER_R: your
SPEAKER_L: Then
SPEAKER_R: question.
SPEAKER_L: they were like oh there's another clubs, another club and I really like okay there's an after after party club, okay, so we went there and just before we
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: even parked
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: the car, it was so bad. Like it was a long line out there
SPEAKER_R: everything,
SPEAKER_L: who were like surprises. We had never been there, me and my friend, We have never been there before and were so surprised when we got inside. It was so bad and no one, most people were not wearing masks. I think 90% of the people were not wearing math and was not an open area. It was a small space so it was just at your own risk. It was crazy. Like I could not even believe like
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: good,
SPEAKER_L: just don't care anymore. It's scary.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's weird and the weird thing for me is how split along political lines has become like if you see someone in the street here who's not wearing mask, you basically know exactly that they tend to lean right wing at least, and if they are wearing masks and they probably left wing, it just, it makes no sense to me whatsoever,
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. It doesn't make sense because I feel like they shouldn't have attached this whole thing to politics but well that's just life. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: yep. Very angry. So how are things in texas right now? Is it like warm? Is it does it ever get cold there?
SPEAKER_L: Um it's warm and then it gets cool at night and I guess because of the storms that were in the gulf it's kind of today is kind of windy. Yeah, so, but the weather is great,
SPEAKER_R: thank
SPEAKER_L: it now feels
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: great, it's not too hot and all so
SPEAKER_R: But going back to the storms it was an actual hurricane that came through. No. Oh
SPEAKER_L: So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: but it didn't hit you guys hard.
SPEAKER_L: I heard it hit Houston and then the gulf, the gulf area is like galvestonians, all that stuff but here um in Dallas no we didn't even get any rain
SPEAKER_R: Do you get tornadoes there?
SPEAKER_L: mm in some parts yeah
SPEAKER_R: God
SPEAKER_L: mm
SPEAKER_R: have you experienced one since you're here?
SPEAKER_L: no thank you no
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. I've never seen one but I mean I watched Youtube videos of of tornadoes and they look absolutely horrifying
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: ever. I was talking to a guy who said um he lived in um where he lived, he lived in Kansas. He said all the houses in Kansas they all have like outdoor um like cellars built in the ground because you can't sit in your house is too dangerous. So what they do is they go in their yard, they pop open like some latch in the ground and they
SPEAKER_L: Mom
SPEAKER_R: climbed down the ladder and then close it above them and that's how they live. Like uh, wouldn't you want to move? That's terrifying.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah well have you have you always been, did you grow up in new york, have you always been a war?
SPEAKER_R: Uh No, I moved here like two years ago. I grew up in massachusetts, so not far, but okay.
SPEAKER_L: and I was in new york I heard it so busy, everybody's everybody's so busy they all are putting their business and all that
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's a little create, it's not exactly um, my favorite thing because like you said, it's so busy all the time. Everybody has their always in a rush, nobody is very polite. Nobody says hello. You know, I come from, not necessarily a small town, but a city of like 60,000 people. Where you walk down the street, you say hi to somebody, hey, how's it going, That sort of thing in new york. I moved here with my wife, we start saying hello to people and they're even in my building. They
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: look at us like, what's
SPEAKER_L: fine
SPEAKER_R: your problem? Am I? Uh, so now we feel weird. So we don't say hi to anybody and we have like, you know, we live in an apartment. It's a big complex. Um, and we have three neighbors like right around ours are our apartment and we'll say hi if we run into them. But if you see them in the courtyard,
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: can you say hi? I know it's weird. You're the weird guy.
SPEAKER_L: and I heard it's expensive too
SPEAKER_R: hmm. Yeah. Crazy expensive. Crazy
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: expensive. I mean, yeah, I don't want to speak specific numbers here, but like we live in a, it's a fine, it's a one bedroom, whatever.
SPEAKER_L: we'll move.
SPEAKER_R: Um, and we used to, we moved from paris, my wife's french, we were living in paris before our apartment in Paris was a third the price and it was bigger. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so it's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I think that's another thing I like about texas, it's kind of affordable because I I stayed by myself in a one bedroom apartment and it's it's affordable I'm sure if I stayed in new york I wouldn't be able to afford a one bedroom apartment.
SPEAKER_R: Well luckily you know the salaries are are different so you know they tend to pay you more but still like I think at the end of the month um what we have left for disposable income is probably lower than anywhere else, even though we make more money here.
SPEAKER_L: Whoa
SPEAKER_R: So it's it's tough, like even grocery shopping um you know, you're used to you by a dozen eggs in their dollar, You go to the grocery store here and there like 350. It's like craig's like what was
SPEAKER_L: Are they in the same eggs or do you guys get different stuff?
SPEAKER_R: I mean they're basically the same my supermarket stuff, you know, nothing
SPEAKER_L: and how
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: long were you guys in in France for
SPEAKER_R: Uh About five years.
SPEAKER_L: and how is it they always painted like it's just this romantic city paris, is this romantic city everybody's falling in love that's all I see on tv.
SPEAKER_R: It's it's really a beautiful city. Um It's like it's hard to compare to new york because new york city, you know if you walk around at night, it's nice with the lights, but during the day it's it's absolutely all right. It's not very livable for me. I find it just kind of like cold and it's a concrete jungle as I say. Um paris you have so much more culture, so much more history
SPEAKER_L: and mhm
SPEAKER_R: a lot more. All right. Just it feels more just much more livable.
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: For example you don't have skyscrapers. There's no such thing as a skyscraper. There's a law in paris Where no building can be more than I think it's it's either six or seven stories. So the entire Paris the tallest building is like maybe like 100 ft or
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: we'll say 200 ft. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: so you know you walk around you can be on in your bedroom looking out and you can't see there's nothing above your bedroom. Where is here. Like I look out my window and I see like you know this building this building, there might be a tree over here, that's it.
SPEAKER_L: that's it. Oh okay
SPEAKER_R: it also appears to be fair it's much smaller. Um every there are five boroughs in new york, I'm not sure how familiar are um every borrow in New york is bigger than paris.
SPEAKER_L: wow that's interesting thanks
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: and so coming from Zimbabwe was a big culture shock or
SPEAKER_L: Um well before I came here and once I stayed in Dubai for a year and I went back home and then I came here um it was a cultural shock I just expected you know like because what they show us on tv when we're back home it's like America is this this like um if once you just get to America you've made it, there's this thing like everybody is making it, it's everything is good in America. That's how they, that's how they show as America. And um when I was back home,
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: so when you get here you expect everything to be rosy, everything to be great and then you get here and then you just, you're just jumping so hard. It's so hard to me,
SPEAKER_R: it is
SPEAKER_L: especially if you're new, it's so hard and when I came I had no family, my family doesn't stay here. I mean I have some in europe, some in Australia, so I was just by myself. So it was it was it was so different, it was traumatic. I mean now it's now it's better but now it's good. That was good and I actually like it and it actually feels more like home than Zimbabwe's, I mean Zimbabwe's to my home, but like I feel like here is home to um but it was culture shock and yeah it was different, it was not what I expected, I expected it to be awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. You know it's it's tough, I think there are a lot of misconceptions out there um and again, you know with my wife being a foreigner as well um you know you hear a lot of the same stuff and you hear her perspective as an outsider and like how she views things as opposed to just like my family being all americans. Um And you see there's a lot more propaganda than you would expect even watching just the simple news, I feel like I'm watching propaganda all the time. It's I can't I can't turn on the tv. It's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly and they make you like if you're a foreigner like they make you feel like yeah so so bad like when you if you come to africa everybody's so welcoming especially if you're for it so happy to see you, they're trying to make you feel um comfortable there. Just everybody's so nice when you come here, it's kind of different when you're foreigners like everybody is trying to exclude you, like you can do this is for americans, this for me. And I know I understand it's uh I understand of course americans have to get best preferences, their country, it makes sense anywhere, but it's like they make you feel like an outsider so much sometimes. So what news is always like, it's just too much like why are you separating people so much?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I agree. And how often do you go home now?
SPEAKER_L: Well I haven't, I used to go, okay, so the thing is at home, I really don't have a lot of people there. Like a lot of close family, My close family, my mom stays in England, my brothers to study in England and my other sisters in Australia. So the last time I was home, I think it's about 56 years ago. Oh yeah, it's been a while. Um but I usually used to go to England more often. I was even supposed to go to England this summer to spend the summer with my family, but then Covid hit so I could just, I think the day I even got back my passport from the british embassy, that's the, that's the week that they cancelled all flights in and out and out of europe. So as the second. So maybe
SPEAKER_R: And.
SPEAKER_L: if things get better, I'll go and spend christmas with my mom. I'll go to England to spend christmas with them if things get things are better. If not, I'm not gonna take that chance.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, of course. And in a typical year do you guys all meet up in one spot in England? Because with your sister being in Australia and your brothers in England? Your mom in England? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: really, we haven't had that opportunity because of different schedules. They, me, especially with school, our school skipper is different from them and stuff like that. But right now what we
SPEAKER_R: 30
SPEAKER_L: do is
SPEAKER_R: years?
SPEAKER_L: every saturday we have a video call so that we can all be together and see each other and we're trying to plan that like we're trying to plan like a week
SPEAKER_R: The president.
SPEAKER_L: were actually support this summer was all supposed to meet in England. So that was gonna be our first time to meet to be together in like, yes, yes, So we're so excited about it, but plans change.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, of course. And where in England was in London or?
SPEAKER_L: My mom stays in London, my mom and my sister there in London and then my brother is in Manchester. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: And how old your siblings, are you the oldest youngest?
SPEAKER_L: I'm the youngest, so the older, so Yeah. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: So you're the baby, you get, you know, pampered?
SPEAKER_L: Uh no, I no, not really, no. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: See I have two older sisters and I'm the youngest and so they always complain that I'm treated much better than they are because I'm a baby.
SPEAKER_L: I feel like they're actually hard on me because I'm the youngest, so they expect so much like I can't even make a mistake, I'm, they're all over me if I make a mistake or anything, it's just that now that I'm in my thirties, I'm actually finding my voice and I'm like, no, I'm not doing that.
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: second.
SPEAKER_L: growing up, I always just used to do what they tell me. So I didn't even know myself until I got to a stage where I'm like, okay, I need to just video who am I without these people because they're just too controlling. So so now
SPEAKER_R: Look.
SPEAKER_L: I'm just like trying to but now I'm like okay now I'm finding my voice and I speak back to them and I'm
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: not doing
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: that. No, that's not what I like and all that stuff. So Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's why have they come and visit you in um in texas?
SPEAKER_L: My sister, the one in Australia has been here once. Yeah, she's the only one who came to visit. She's been here once. And my sister, my other sister in europe, she's been in America, but at that time I wasn't here and then my brother, he tried to come. They wouldn't give him a Visa. Yeah, there's a time. Yeah. The
SPEAKER_R: Any particular do they give you a reason why they wouldn't or is it just denied?
SPEAKER_L: well it just it's denied. Sometimes they do give you a reason and sometimes well there in England, he he's um he was under like the refugee status, so I think they just wouldn't give him do. But it's not because of that because they were on the same day. Another guy who went there who had the same status as my brother, got the visa. So apparently I think it just depends who interviews you or who does your paperwork. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's unfortunate that you can be so lucky or unlucky depending on someone's mood that day.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So you americans, americans, Europeans and Australians. You don't understand how lucky you are because you can like literally travel anywhere in the world and no one will give you a hard time for us. It's so it's so difficult. It is very and it's all it's so scary because you have to go there and somebody's just holding your future in your hand. You can just tell you know uh like every time I have to go see my family in England has to apply for Visa. And it's pretty scary because you don't know what they're gonna say. Yes. Are they going to say no? And you have to hold your breath for those few weeks that they have your passport because you don't know what they're gonna say yes or no. So you pretty much cannot plan until you get your passport back and if you got the Visa or not. So it is kind of traumatic.
SPEAKER_R: Do they do one of those things where they say you need to have bought your airline tickets before?
SPEAKER_L: No now at least they don't do that, we just know they don't do that, they just want to know where you're staying and all that stuff. So maybe if you well but now they don't they'll just ask you where you're staying and then they just need to see your bank standard if you're staying like in a hotel. But for me it's usually family so I don't need to have extra funds for accommodation since I'll be staying with family. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: because I just remember one time one of the few places I need a Visa was for china and it was it was really annoying they made you have your airline tickets there and back before you can apply for the visa. So because I went first I went okay, you know I'd like to go to china between these days like okay where your airline tickets? I was like well I don't have any, I don't have a Visa, like no you have to buy your tickets first and I was like well what if you reject it? Mm so and where did you have to apply there? Did you go to Dallas or do you have to travel?
SPEAKER_L: No I had to I had to do the biometrics, the biometrics you can do them whichever state you're in and then um you have to send all the paperwork to new york.
SPEAKER_R: okay, so you don't have to be there in person?
SPEAKER_L: No you don't but if if you're applying for american Visa then you have to be there in person there was to interview. So but
SPEAKER_R: but not for the UK,
SPEAKER_L: for the you said
SPEAKER_R: not for the UK,
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: franklin. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: for the UK you just send your paperwork and then process it and they'll just send it back to you so it's more convenient?
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: Good. Mhm. So.
SPEAKER_R: because just thinking back to my experience for china, I lived in boston at the time, but you have to be in person in new york, luckily my sister was living in new york so I was able to stay with her, but I had to take like three days off from work to like drive down to New york city, submit my paperwork expedited so that I could still be there when it came out and then drive home. It's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: It is
SPEAKER_R: Business
SPEAKER_L: this whole reason think it's so crazy like I'm so over it you just think twice every time you want to travel.
SPEAKER_R: get better. All right, But and what's your status now? Do you have like a, like a green card to you in the U. S. For a good.
SPEAKER_L: Um I'm right now I'm actually on I'm on my student Visa and work permit because I'm still going to I just continued with my Masters so I don't have a green card yet.
SPEAKER_R: Do
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: you think?
SPEAKER_L: what's the out goes
SPEAKER_R: And you have to re apply yearly
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: for that? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: well for the Visa you have to not really I think it's two years if you want to trouble but your paperwork, the paperwork to stay in the country, you can do that whilst here in America so you don't have to leave the country but if you want to renew your visa then you have to exit the country. So you see so that if they deny you they deny you outside you can't come back.
SPEAKER_R: Whoa. So can you be in any country when you do that or do you have to go back to Zimbabwe?
SPEAKER_L: Well you can be in any country. I used to do mine every time I used to go to England I would renew my visa. So the visa is just only for YouTube you can just use it for you to travel in and out. But they don't really consider it when you, when you are in America, when you're in America you have to have like if you're a student like me, you have to have what they call an I. 20. That's what you get from the school. That shows yes you are in the school and all that stuff right? Or you have to get your work permit. Um But if you want to travel outside the country then your visa has to be valid for you to come back. So I usually go to England to go see my family and then I'll apply for a visit to come back. So that way they deny me, I just stay with my family in England and figure it out. That's what I was. Uh
SPEAKER_R: that's a good situation. But did your school help you with all that paperwork, like when you first got to the US, did they say like, okay, this is what you have to do or did you have to do it all on your own?
SPEAKER_L: you do you just have to send them the stuff then they will file it so you have to send them like bank statements. Um If you have transcripts you have to send them transcripts and all that stuff. So once they give you a place then they will do the eye, they'll file everything else. So you just have to pay, they'll file everything else with DHS and all that stuff and then they will send it back to you. All
SPEAKER_R: Hey?
SPEAKER_L: right. You see the school and um, the embassy are two different sectors. So what happens is the school can give you a place, the school can give you all the paperwork. Then you still have to apply for a visa.
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So the visa people can still say no and the squares or control over it. So is this so it's just scary,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: skip
SPEAKER_R: can imagine.
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: Um sorry, one thing I wanted to ask you about living in texas, have you bought yourself a gun yet? Have you gotten license to carry?
SPEAKER_L: No, I'm scared of guns. I'm so,
SPEAKER_R: Same.
SPEAKER_L: I'm so scared of guns because where I come from, we never grew up with them. It's like
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: never. I think I've only seen a gun once when I was back home because my grandfather was a farmer, so he had a farm. So one time he just showed us like, oh yeah, there's my gun that I go hunting with him, that was it. But I've actually no but my boyfriend, he's american and he says he's got two guns. I've never seen them because I told him like I'm so scared of them, like when you come over please just don't bring them. But yeah, he has to and he he said he's been shot at before, okay before he came he he said he grew up in um Chicago, so you know how Chicago is and
SPEAKER_R: Of course.
SPEAKER_L: he's african american. So he said before, he said well before like I mean he said okay now now he's changed and everything. But he's
SPEAKER_R: Please.
SPEAKER_L: saying once, when he was younger in Chicago they've been shot at before and he said I once shot at someone, I mean I didn't hit them, but I just shot at them at one thing and he was like in Chicago it's normal. He was like, it's normal, you're gonna disrespect me, I'm
SPEAKER_R: It's not
SPEAKER_L: you and
SPEAKER_R: good,
SPEAKER_L: stuff, he was telling me like it was it was kinda like, wow, I was like so surprised. No, that's scary. It's like, yeah, no, I understand now that it's not good, that's why I moved to texas, but because if I was still in Chicago probably something would have happened to me.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because he was telling me like a near death incident where they shot at the car and stuff like that and it was just crazy and like the we're just lucky that they had a speaker in the trunk and I think um so the bullet got stuck in the speaker
SPEAKER_R: To take,
SPEAKER_L: and the radio speaker so he didn't get to where he was sitting because it was headed for him in the passenger seat. So he said the next morning when he opened his trunk and saw it last time he was like oh my God I almost died. You know it was like a wake up call. So
SPEAKER_R: said a little prayer. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So no I don't I don't think I'll ever get one, I don't
SPEAKER_R: Do
SPEAKER_L: think.
SPEAKER_R: you see people walking around with them? Because I think you can carry them around? No.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think I have seen maybe in walmart or something. You just had a
SPEAKER_R: God.
SPEAKER_L: belt and stuff. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Because I'm like you, I come from a state where it's
SPEAKER_L: So.
SPEAKER_R: extremely difficult to get one. First of all, it's extremely difficult to get a permit and then it's hard to get a gun after that.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: So I've never like seen one in person either, but I hear about them in, you know, texas or Chicago as you mentioned.
SPEAKER_L: and if I'm not mistaken when I when we went out on saturday on friday the bouncers at the door, they had guns. Yeah they did.
SPEAKER_R: can you imagine like drunk men starting fights with these guys and they just shoot them?
SPEAKER_L: I know like I was scared like if it's just like my friends, my friends husband, he's the one who was like no we got to get in the club we're gonna get into. I didn't even want to get into because it was just too much commotion by the door. Like this is not this is not right. But yeah, it's scary like around drunk people. Why would you? It's just a
SPEAKER_R: recipe
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: for disaster.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. You know, it makes no sense. But uh
SPEAKER_R: Say I love you.
SPEAKER_L: and that's just like Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I just checked and we have been chatting for 25 minutes now, which I think is our limit. So if you want, we could say goodbye.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you so much. It was nice talking to you. Are you working
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: from home?
SPEAKER_R: you. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, me too. So, I'm gonna go back to work after this.
SPEAKER_R: Sounds good. Nice meeting you Take care. Hope everything works out.
SPEAKER_L: It means
SPEAKER_R: And I don't know, maybe we'll be here again on
SPEAKER_L: all
SPEAKER_R: prolific. Mm
SPEAKER_L: Stay saying All right.