mm hmm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay. You, yeah. A pull up a list but I got that. You got that. We got that. Okay. They get to a new series looking at people taken in by claims and promises that proved too good to be true. So from Identity Rod and this leading romance to the high profile college admissions scandal and the fire festival. The con is the neighbors show. Mostly I will be over and
hi, how are you? Can you hear me?
I have done it once, but I think some time last year it's been a while.
then
You
know,
Yeah. Anything talk about anything for the next Yeah. So
um originally I'm from Zimbabwe but
is texas.
that's good. I like it.
Um Dallas, I stay in Arlington
um first school and then now I'm just working. I like it here.
They are in trouble too. But I don't think people, people have just become ignorant. I think people are just tired of it because
no one is talking about it anymore and if you go out people are just everywhere. I could not
like
all right, they're not being forced to so it's optional. So when they want because friday night we went out to watch um
the game NBA game and I was so surprised there were a lot of people out and they just warm up so they wanted to if they didn't want to they were not wearing them so it was just kind of optional. So like everybody has just become ignorant. Mhm.
it looks like they have opened normal. I'm actually because um there was it was fully packed. It was fully fully packed. two capacity so I guess nobody cares.
No you can go ahead.
Um clubs have actually opened here.
Yeah, I was surprised on friday because after we went to watch the game, the people, my friends are like oh we're gonna go to the club, we're gonna go to, the club has been too long. I'm like really? And the first club went to there are not too many people and then that club we left I think around
um 1 30 somewhere there in the morning.
Then
they were like oh there's another clubs, another club and I really like okay there's an after after party club, okay, so we went there and just before we
even parked
the car, it was so bad. Like it was a long line out there
who were like surprises. We had never been there, me and my friend, We have never been there before and were so surprised when we got inside. It was so bad and no one, most people were not wearing masks. I think 90% of the people were not wearing math and was not an open area. It was a small space so it was just at your own risk. It was crazy. Like I could not even believe like
people
just don't care anymore. It's scary.
Exactly. It doesn't make sense because I feel like they shouldn't have attached this whole thing to politics but well that's just life. Uh huh.
Um it's warm and then it gets cool at night and I guess because of the storms that were in the gulf it's kind of today is kind of windy. Yeah, so, but the weather is great,
it now feels
great, it's not too hot and all so
So yeah,
I heard it hit Houston and then the gulf, the gulf area is like galvestonians, all that stuff but here um in Dallas no we didn't even get any rain
mm in some parts yeah
mm
no thank you no
that's
Mom
Yeah well have you have you always been, did you grow up in new york, have you always been a war?
and I was in new york I heard it so busy, everybody's everybody's so busy they all are putting their business and all that
and
fine
people
and I heard it's expensive too
well
we'll move.
Yeah.
yeah I think that's another thing I like about texas, it's kind of affordable because I I stayed by myself in a one bedroom apartment and it's it's affordable I'm sure if I stayed in new york I wouldn't be able to afford a one bedroom apartment.
Whoa
Are they in the same eggs or do you guys get different stuff?
and how
long were you guys in in France for
and how is it they always painted like it's just this romantic city paris, is this romantic city everybody's falling in love that's all I see on tv.
and mhm
or
Well
mm.
that's it. Oh okay
wow that's interesting thanks
that's
Um well before I came here and once I stayed in Dubai for a year and I went back home and then I came here um it was a cultural shock I just expected you know like because what they show us on tv when we're back home it's like America is this this like um if once you just get to America you've made it, there's this thing like everybody is making it, it's everything is good in America. That's how they, that's how they show as America. And um when I was back home,
so when you get here you expect everything to be rosy, everything to be great and then you get here and then you just, you're just jumping so hard. It's so hard to me,
especially if you're new, it's so hard and when I came I had no family, my family doesn't stay here. I mean I have some in europe, some in Australia, so I was just by myself. So it was it was it was so different, it was traumatic. I mean now it's now it's better but now it's good. That was good and I actually like it and it actually feels more like home than Zimbabwe's, I mean Zimbabwe's to my home, but like I feel like here is home to um but it was culture shock and yeah it was different, it was not what I expected, I expected it to be awesome.
Exactly and they make you like if you're a foreigner like they make you feel like yeah so so bad like when you if you come to africa everybody's so welcoming especially if you're for it so happy to see you, they're trying to make you feel um comfortable there. Just everybody's so nice when you come here, it's kind of different when you're foreigners like everybody is trying to exclude you, like you can do this is for americans, this for me. And I know I understand it's uh I understand of course americans have to get best preferences, their country, it makes sense anywhere, but it's like they make you feel like an outsider so much sometimes. So what news is always like, it's just too much like why are you separating people so much?
Well I haven't, I used to go, okay, so the thing is at home, I really don't have a lot of people there. Like a lot of close family, My close family, my mom stays in England, my brothers to study in England and my other sisters in Australia. So the last time I was home, I think it's about 56 years ago. Oh yeah, it's been a while. Um but I usually used to go to England more often. I was even supposed to go to England this summer to spend the summer with my family, but then Covid hit so I could just, I think the day I even got back my passport from the british embassy, that's the, that's the week that they cancelled all flights in and out and out of europe. So as the second. So maybe
if things get better, I'll go and spend christmas with my mom. I'll go to England to spend christmas with them if things get things are better. If not, I'm not gonna take that chance.
really, we haven't had that opportunity because of different schedules. They, me, especially with school, our school skipper is different from them and stuff like that. But right now what we
do is
every saturday we have a video call so that we can all be together and see each other and we're trying to plan that like we're trying to plan like a week
were actually support this summer was all supposed to meet in England. So that was gonna be our first time to meet to be together in like, yes, yes, So we're so excited about it, but plans change.
My mom stays in London, my mom and my sister there in London and then my brother is in Manchester. Yeah,
I'm the youngest, so the older, so Yeah. Yes.
Uh no, I no, not really, no. Yeah.
I feel like they're actually hard on me because I'm the youngest, so they expect so much like I can't even make a mistake, I'm, they're all over me if I make a mistake or anything, it's just that now that I'm in my thirties, I'm actually finding my voice and I'm like, no, I'm not doing that.
But
growing up, I always just used to do what they tell me. So I didn't even know myself until I got to a stage where I'm like, okay, I need to just video who am I without these people because they're just too controlling. So so now
I'm just like trying to but now I'm like okay now I'm finding my voice and I speak back to them and I'm
not doing
that. No, that's not what I like and all that stuff. So Yeah.
My sister, the one in Australia has been here once. Yeah, she's the only one who came to visit. She's been here once. And my sister, my other sister in europe, she's been in America, but at that time I wasn't here and then my brother, he tried to come. They wouldn't give him a Visa. Yeah, there's a time. Yeah. The
well it just it's denied. Sometimes they do give you a reason and sometimes well there in England, he he's um he was under like the refugee status, so I think they just wouldn't give him do. But it's not because of that because they were on the same day. Another guy who went there who had the same status as my brother, got the visa. So apparently I think it just depends who interviews you or who does your paperwork. Yes.
Yeah. So you americans, americans, Europeans and Australians. You don't understand how lucky you are because you can like literally travel anywhere in the world and no one will give you a hard time for us. It's so it's so difficult. It is very and it's all it's so scary because you have to go there and somebody's just holding your future in your hand. You can just tell you know uh like every time I have to go see my family in England has to apply for Visa. And it's pretty scary because you don't know what they're gonna say. Yes. Are they going to say no? And you have to hold your breath for those few weeks that they have your passport because you don't know what they're gonna say yes or no. So you pretty much cannot plan until you get your passport back and if you got the Visa or not. So it is kind of traumatic.
No now at least they don't do that, we just know they don't do that, they just want to know where you're staying and all that stuff. So maybe if you well but now they don't they'll just ask you where you're staying and then they just need to see your bank standard if you're staying like in a hotel. But for me it's usually family so I don't need to have extra funds for accommodation since I'll be staying with family. Yeah.
No I had to I had to do the biometrics, the biometrics you can do them whichever state you're in and then um you have to send all the paperwork to new york.
No you don't but if if you're applying for american Visa then you have to be there in person there was to interview. So but
for the you said
no
not
for the UK you just send your paperwork and then process it and they'll just send it back to you so it's more convenient?
Good. Mhm. So.
It is
this whole reason think it's so crazy like I'm so over it you just think twice every time you want to travel.
Um I'm right now I'm actually on I'm on my student Visa and work permit because I'm still going to I just continued with my Masters so I don't have a green card yet.
So
what's the out goes
and
well for the Visa you have to not really I think it's two years if you want to trouble but your paperwork, the paperwork to stay in the country, you can do that whilst here in America so you don't have to leave the country but if you want to renew your visa then you have to exit the country. So you see so that if they deny you they deny you outside you can't come back.
Well you can be in any country. I used to do mine every time I used to go to England I would renew my visa. So the visa is just only for YouTube you can just use it for you to travel in and out. But they don't really consider it when you, when you are in America, when you're in America you have to have like if you're a student like me, you have to have what they call an I. 20. That's what you get from the school. That shows yes you are in the school and all that stuff right? Or you have to get your work permit. Um But if you want to travel outside the country then your visa has to be valid for you to come back. So I usually go to England to go see my family and then I'll apply for a visit to come back. So that way they deny me, I just stay with my family in England and figure it out. That's what I was. Uh
you do you just have to send them the stuff then they will file it so you have to send them like bank statements. Um If you have transcripts you have to send them transcripts and all that stuff. So once they give you a place then they will do the eye, they'll file everything else. So you just have to pay, they'll file everything else with DHS and all that stuff and then they will send it back to you. All
right. You see the school and um, the embassy are two different sectors. So what happens is the school can give you a place, the school can give you all the paperwork. Then you still have to apply for a visa.
So the visa people can still say no and the squares or control over it. So is this so it's just scary,
skip
it.
No, I'm scared of guns. I'm so,
I'm so scared of guns because where I come from, we never grew up with them. It's like
never. I think I've only seen a gun once when I was back home because my grandfather was a farmer, so he had a farm. So one time he just showed us like, oh yeah, there's my gun that I go hunting with him, that was it. But I've actually no but my boyfriend, he's american and he says he's got two guns. I've never seen them because I told him like I'm so scared of them, like when you come over please just don't bring them. But yeah, he has to and he he said he's been shot at before, okay before he came he he said he grew up in um Chicago, so you know how Chicago is and
he's african american. So he said before, he said well before like I mean he said okay now now he's changed and everything. But he's
saying once, when he was younger in Chicago they've been shot at before and he said I once shot at someone, I mean I didn't hit them, but I just shot at them at one thing and he was like in Chicago it's normal. He was like, it's normal, you're gonna disrespect me, I'm
you and
stuff, he was telling me like it was it was kinda like, wow, I was like so surprised. No, that's scary. It's like, yeah, no, I understand now that it's not good, that's why I moved to texas, but because if I was still in Chicago probably something would have happened to me.
Yeah, because he was telling me like a near death incident where they shot at the car and stuff like that and it was just crazy and like the we're just lucky that they had a speaker in the trunk and I think um so the bullet got stuck in the speaker
and the radio speaker so he didn't get to where he was sitting because it was headed for him in the passenger seat. So he said the next morning when he opened his trunk and saw it last time he was like oh my God I almost died. You know it was like a wake up call. So
So no I don't I don't think I'll ever get one, I don't
think.
Yeah I think I have seen maybe in walmart or something. You just had a
belt and stuff. Yeah. Yeah.
So.
All
and if I'm not mistaken when I when we went out on saturday on friday the bouncers at the door, they had guns. Yeah they did.
I know like I was scared like if it's just like my friends, my friends husband, he's the one who was like no we got to get in the club we're gonna get into. I didn't even want to get into because it was just too much commotion by the door. Like this is not this is not right. But yeah, it's scary like around drunk people. Why would you? It's just a
the
yeah. You know, it makes no sense. But uh
and that's just like Mhm.
Thank you so much. It was nice talking to you. Are you working
from home?
Okay. Yeah, me too. So, I'm gonna go back to work after this.
It means
all
Stay saying All right.