Hello?
I can hear you very well. How can you? Can you hear me? So have you done this before?
I signed up a couple of months ago but I couldn't I didn't find a partner that fit my schedule. Um
So this is my first time really, So how'd it go last time? Will you just chatted? And did
you have to cover
any specific topics?
Perfect. So where you from?
where you let him know
uh how's that?
Were you in texas?
And what brought you there?
And how are the covid cases there? Right now? I heard Houston's in some trouble, but I don't know anything about Dallas.
no, it's looking out.
Are
they wearing masks?
nope.
No. And what's this like the status of like bars and restaurants in texas? Is everything open normal or?
Right now I'm living in new york city and it's weird, I don't actually know the official rules, but I think for restaurants um They can only have 25% capacity and so when you walk by the restaurants, nobody's really eating, nobody is really comfortable, so there's a lot of takeout and stuff, so even if a few bars are open there, there's really not much going on there, it's actually kind of depressing.
Good, that's it, that's it,
clubs.
good morning,
your
question.
thank
you
everything,
I'm
good,
yeah, it's weird and the weird thing for me is how split along political lines has become like if you see someone in the street here who's not wearing mask, you basically know exactly that they tend to lean right wing at least, and if they are wearing masks and they probably left wing, it just, it makes no sense to me whatsoever,
yep. Very angry. So how are things in texas right now? Is it like warm? Is it does it ever get cold there?
thank
you.
But going back to the storms it was an actual hurricane that came through. No. Oh
but it didn't hit you guys hard.
Do you get tornadoes there?
God
have you experienced one since you're here?
Mhm. I've never seen one but I mean I watched Youtube videos of of tornadoes and they look absolutely horrifying
ever. I was talking to a guy who said um he lived in um where he lived, he lived in Kansas. He said all the houses in Kansas they all have like outdoor um like cellars built in the ground because you can't sit in your house is too dangerous. So what they do is they go in their yard, they pop open like some latch in the ground and they
climbed down the ladder and then close it above them and that's how they live. Like uh, wouldn't you want to move? That's terrifying.
Uh No, I moved here like two years ago. I grew up in massachusetts, so not far, but okay.
Yeah, it's a little create, it's not exactly um, my favorite thing because like you said, it's so busy all the time. Everybody has their always in a rush, nobody is very polite. Nobody says hello. You know, I come from, not necessarily a small town, but a city of like 60,000 people. Where you walk down the street, you say hi to somebody, hey, how's it going, That sort of thing in new york. I moved here with my wife, we start saying hello to people and they're even in my building. They
look at us like, what's
your problem? Am I? Uh, so now we feel weird. So we don't say hi to anybody and we have like, you know, we live in an apartment. It's a big complex. Um, and we have three neighbors like right around ours are our apartment and we'll say hi if we run into them. But if you see them in the courtyard,
can you say hi? I know it's weird. You're the weird guy.
hmm. Yeah. Crazy expensive. Crazy
expensive. I mean, yeah, I don't want to speak specific numbers here, but like we live in a, it's a fine, it's a one bedroom, whatever.
Um, and we used to, we moved from paris, my wife's french, we were living in paris before our apartment in Paris was a third the price and it was bigger. Yeah,
so it's crazy.
Well luckily you know the salaries are are different so you know they tend to pay you more but still like I think at the end of the month um what we have left for disposable income is probably lower than anywhere else, even though we make more money here.
So it's it's tough, like even grocery shopping um you know, you're used to you by a dozen eggs in their dollar, You go to the grocery store here and there like 350. It's like craig's like what was
I mean they're basically the same my supermarket stuff, you know, nothing
crazy.
Uh About five years.
It's it's really a beautiful city. Um It's like it's hard to compare to new york because new york city, you know if you walk around at night, it's nice with the lights, but during the day it's it's absolutely all right. It's not very livable for me. I find it just kind of like cold and it's a concrete jungle as I say. Um paris you have so much more culture, so much more history
a lot more. All right. Just it feels more just much more livable.
For example you don't have skyscrapers. There's no such thing as a skyscraper. There's a law in paris Where no building can be more than I think it's it's either six or seven stories. So the entire Paris the tallest building is like maybe like 100 ft or
we'll say 200 ft. Yeah
so you know you walk around you can be on in your bedroom looking out and you can't see there's nothing above your bedroom. Where is here. Like I look out my window and I see like you know this building this building, there might be a tree over here, that's it.
it also appears to be fair it's much smaller. Um every there are five boroughs in new york, I'm not sure how familiar are um every borrow in New york is bigger than paris.
now
and so coming from Zimbabwe was a big culture shock or
no.
it is
Mhm. You know it's it's tough, I think there are a lot of misconceptions out there um and again, you know with my wife being a foreigner as well um you know you hear a lot of the same stuff and you hear her perspective as an outsider and like how she views things as opposed to just like my family being all americans. Um And you see there's a lot more propaganda than you would expect even watching just the simple news, I feel like I'm watching propaganda all the time. It's I can't I can't turn on the tv. It's crazy.
Yeah, I agree. And how often do you go home now?
And.
Yeah, of course. And in a typical year do you guys all meet up in one spot in England? Because with your sister being in Australia and your brothers in England? Your mom in England? Yeah.
30
years?
The president.
Yeah, of course. And where in England was in London or?
And how old your siblings, are you the oldest youngest?
So you're the baby, you get, you know, pampered?
See I have two older sisters and I'm the youngest and so they always complain that I'm treated much better than they are because I'm a baby.
the
second.
Look.
and
good.
that's why have they come and visit you in um in texas?
Any particular do they give you a reason why they wouldn't or is it just denied?
Yeah it's unfortunate that you can be so lucky or unlucky depending on someone's mood that day.
Do they do one of those things where they say you need to have bought your airline tickets before?
because I just remember one time one of the few places I need a Visa was for china and it was it was really annoying they made you have your airline tickets there and back before you can apply for the visa. So because I went first I went okay, you know I'd like to go to china between these days like okay where your airline tickets? I was like well I don't have any, I don't have a Visa, like no you have to buy your tickets first and I was like well what if you reject it? Mm so and where did you have to apply there? Did you go to Dallas or do you have to travel?
okay, so you don't have to be there in person?
but not for the UK,
not for the UK,
not
franklin. Okay.
Well
because just thinking back to my experience for china, I lived in boston at the time, but you have to be in person in new york, luckily my sister was living in new york so I was able to stay with her, but I had to take like three days off from work to like drive down to New york city, submit my paperwork expedited so that I could still be there when it came out and then drive home. It's crazy.
Business
get better. All right, But and what's your status now? Do you have like a, like a green card to you in the U. S. For a good.
Do
you think?
And you have to re apply yearly
for that? Yeah.
Whoa. So can you be in any country when you do that or do you have to go back to Zimbabwe?
that's a good situation. But did your school help you with all that paperwork, like when you first got to the US, did they say like, okay, this is what you have to do or did you have to do it all on your own?
Hey?
yeah.
I
can imagine.
Um sorry, one thing I wanted to ask you about living in texas, have you bought yourself a gun yet? Have you gotten license to carry?
Same.
So
Of course.
Please.
It's not
good,
No.
To take,
said a little prayer. Mhm.
Do
you see people walking around with them? Because I think you can carry them around? No.
God.
Because I'm like you, I come from a state where it's
extremely difficult to get one. First of all, it's extremely difficult to get a permit and then it's hard to get a gun after that.
So I've never like seen one in person either, but I hear about them in, you know, texas or Chicago as you mentioned.
can you imagine like drunk men starting fights with these guys and they just shoot them?
recipe
for disaster.
Say I love you.
I just checked and we have been chatting for 25 minutes now, which I think is our limit. So if you want, we could say goodbye.
Thank
you. Yes.
Sounds good. Nice meeting you Take care. Hope everything works out.
And I don't know, maybe we'll be here again on
prolific. Mm