Hello, how are you?
I'm good.
Yeah I'm in the United States.
Okay.
East coast,
I'm in Maryland. Uh huh.
Um It's good.
Oh. Um No not really. I think like after a few months I've started like going outside more like walking and
outside and then going to parks. But that's pretty much it. Yeah.
I am
yeah. Actually I'm in college right now.
Yeah. Yeah. Actually we're supposed to be like continuing in person classes soon.
Um Yeah actually now I'm like doing a private college.
Oh I'm studying pharmacy.
I was actually um supposed to be doing like a summer rotation in the hospital but like it got canceled.
It was like originally it was like sometime in May but then it got postponed and then eventually got canceled.
That's not a huge problem because like um it's like part of our requirements so like I don't know.
I agree.
Um Well I just started my first year so I'm not it's not really like a big issue, but it could potentially be.
Yeah.
I mean
I actually um well you're like the first person who's actually like showed up because
I
Mhm. Remember get
that.
I haven't really been like, like I feel like I haven't really been going on lunch. It's kind of hard to nowadays. It's like um everything's closed or like everything is like limited
pena.
Yeah. Um Well I like to go with friends and like trying new food places.
Um I think maybe like thai food but yeah.
Oh, you never had it?
Like what have you tried before? Yeah.
Yeah, I definitely agree. Like there's like a lot of food that has ginger, so yeah, you should definitely be careful.
No, I'm actually like allergic to kiwis, but like there's not that many things that have kiwis
but I'm aware of.
Oh, that's so strange.
Yeah. Uh um I think they're like all right, like, but I don't really like it as much as like other fruits.
Oh,
well, I have gone. I'm not like very, very, very young, but like they are um um I also like to do karaoke.
it is fun.
I mean neither do I, but like it's just fun to like just release everything out. Like all the stress.
Was there
something
different?
God. What is
that?
No, I haven't been before, but I've heard about it.
Yeah, they're fun
the problem is whenever I go like my friends just just too chicken to go on with me.
usually like they just like sit and wait for me to go on them and then and
then we'll go on to the next rides.
Um I've also gone to like Virginia, they have the kings Dominion
but in Maryland I think we just have like six flags. Oh.
Disney actually went last year. Yeah.
I think Animal Kingdom,
I don't really notice
actually lived there before so I was just kind of expecting
whether to be like that.
actually went there as part of like a spring break trip with friends so like it wasn't as hot as it usually is. Oh
I get it, that's why.
Time.
Um I think March, so like I actually needed like a jacket when I visited.
Yeah. Um There so long. I mean a lot of their for like spring break.
That's important.
Yeah. Me neither.
Uh two years. Yeah.
No actually I was um one time I was planning on going but it never happened.
What?
Yeah I visited um L. A. Like back in March before things got really crazy like right like I think the the week that we left was when Maryland had its first case. Yeah
but we just we just went we just came back, we had a great time and then right when we came back was when um things just got out of hand. So that's when I started having to like stay at home.
And
once.
Look up.
really?
Yeah. I think the only reason I've been traveling is that I've met friends in like college and they really wanted to travel. And then we've convinced each other we'll go like once a year.
Um we also went to new york for like a weekend since it's nearby.
Yeah. Yeah. We haven't gotten like recently, but like the last time we went anywhere was like L. A. Before, like things were just crazy.
Um yeah, it was like crazy in terms of like the roads and everything, like everything was like packed.
it does. Mm hmm.
Thank
you.
Yeah. Um have you ever traveled outside of the country before? So um while I was born in India, so like of course I've traveled, but like um um I also lived in like South africa Like like three years. It's
like really beautiful
you
want
to do?
Yeah. Yeah. It is,
And then um I think recently they have like they're starting to like run low on water.
I'll
do it.
Yeah, they're pretty like, yeah,
I actually lived in like the city so it was very big.
Yeah. Yeah, mm hmm.
Yeah. Thank you.
Yeah, you own, yeah.
What?
I'm sure.
I'm trying to like travel with my parents before but like they're not they're not like the same as before.
Like um only a few years ago did they finally say okay, we'll go to, we'll drive to Canada, but now it's like it's probably not going to happen any time soon,
I would
add.
Um I haven't really been to concerts. I maybe want to like one or two
and
I'm definitely interested in going soon if
that ever
happens.
Yeah they are
now we're um because of like Covid were actually I always have like movie nights every friday with my friends
like virtual.
If I ever do hang out with them I have to like we have to figure out something where it's like there's not a lot of people around like like either going to like parks or like other things nearby. Like last week we actually went to like a peach farm and
like surprisingly there was like not many people there and like once you start venturing around there's like fewer people.
I mean I just picked a few and it took like like a lot of pictures but that's it.
Um I think they have like uh they have like different fruits like like uh every month or so. Like I think I just missed like strawberry blueberry like Cherry Season two. Like they just have peaches now and it depends on the farm to like there's different ones around here.
Um it's a little like it's like a 3-hour drive.
I'm kind of closer to like D. C.
The last
time
I went to the beach was maybe like last year when I was applying for like pharmacy schools. I think there's one that was like like less than an hour away from the beach. But yeah other than that I was just I haven't really been to the beach since like living in like florida.
everything's packed. I was actually um I was supposed to go sometime to the beach next week but me and my friends discussed, it's like really not a good idea, so we might just be like going to the Peach farm again because that was a really fun trip.
Yeah, but that's the more people are going to be looking for that and then you're going to run into the same issue.
Yeah, I have a friend who's just now coming back from like Atlanta and we're kind of not comfortable with him coming and visiting us, it was like um we've known where you've been and we're just not comfortable with that. Yeah.
well
or I actually had a friend whose dad recently passed away even though they've been staying at home,
it's still like is he somehow still got affected?
um they live pretty close to me but like she, she I know she's definitely been staying at home, she hasn't gone anywhere and I mostly just texted her.
No
um he's just been staying at home. Their whole family's been staying at home. I think
only her mom has been going down to groceries like once a month or so.
I'm not sure either.
No.
yeah actually I did hear about um a friend who's living near apartments, their whole like her whole complexes like in fact like you're infected because like she's been um hearing like um yeah um she's been hearing like um I tried to get the word for it but like um Like every time someone someone's usually calling 911 so she's hearing like alarms and signals and going off and then she looks out her window and she sees like like more people being carried out or something like that.
I I feel like it might have been her neighbors.
I think they just maybe visited. They didn't like actually go inside. Yeah.
Yeah. Cooking anything.
I'm
I
want more that yet.
Oh I just said I haven't read about that yet.
Have you read about it possibly getting worse only when the flu season comes around?
I'm like a little concerned just because like if I don't do my rotation this summer, I'll have to do it in the winter. Um So that might be more like stressful for like more stressful environment for me and others, so I don't know.
Yeah. I still have another rotation but that's only like five days that hasn't been canceled yet, but I hope it doesn't.
Yeah. This is
actually in like um like a smaller pharmacy and they're not actually open to the public, so it's just that I'm just going to be working with other people.
I hope so too.
yeah and also I feel like honestly just I've been feeling more tired just from not being able to go outside. Just feels so lazy to just sitting at home if I'm not walking outside like to impart I just do not feel okay.
Actually it was
like supposed to rain like earlier but it never did.
I think
it's it was pretty hard.
Yeah I like those ones too.
I don't know I kind of just don't like winter as much. It's like I like somewhere more than winter.
Oh that's that's only part of winter. I like
yeah I like snow.
and
then when it starts freezing and then you have to start shoveling and then you then you have to like make sure your car doesn't get stuck.
and
then
I haven't seen my slip and fall if you're not careful enough.
Yeah it is.
Yeah. They don't really own
right. Wait what
did you say my like Floyd my connection?
Well it wasn't it was okay.
No I I I only started maybe like two or three weeks ago since
I haven't
been able to work.
Yeah that's happened before.
Oh that's so strange.
It was nice meeting you too.
Bye.
You
too.