Oh album. Yeah. You know, you can. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Way one. All right. Yeah. Mhm. I don't Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Mhm
Good. Can you hear me OK? Yeah, I want to make sure everything is working right? Yeah. How you doing?
Where? I'm sorry. My dog is getting into the picture. Where are you?
Me too. Yeah, East
Coast, West Coast.
That's the same thing that happened to me last time. That's why the last time I did this, I got somebody from New Jersey in pennsylvania. So Mhm.
We're close enough. How's everything going there?
Yeah, peaceful enough. Are you good? Yeah, we are too dealing with them. The coronavirus. Okay. Everybody's healthy and well, yeah, you're too we're just trying to avoid it. You've been in the isolation the whole time, or?
Good.
You look, I'm sorry. You look really young. Are you in school or? Yeah. So you're you're in college. Are you away from like a college dean?
The border,
this is my daughter, That's why I was asking.
Yeah, it's my daughter's college, you must go to a smaller college like a
yeah, that's my daughters and they're supposed to go back, but we'll see you. I don't know. Mm hmm. It will be a shame to miss out though now. What are you studying?
Okay. Great, great profession. Good luck. I did education. That was my Yeah,
That happens, yeah.
Oh, are you?
Mhm. Uh teachers, education majors are having the same problems because they can't go into the classrooms to do their, you know, their student teaching.
My daughter works out okay, she's a reading meter, so she's okay, she's an english major and so it's just her senior year that she'll be having issues with. Maybe we'll see.
Yeah, down the road. Well hopefully it'll go away by then or figure out how to deal with it. Mhm.
I know my son is uh he'll be looking for colleges this year, so that will be an issue for him too. You see the a junior in high school. So um I never know what to say on these things. Have
you done this work?
I don't
know. Well, we should get the money this time
and
I did it once before. Um And it worked out okay. She was she was nice and we talked to the right amount of time, but right, it's hard to find stuff to fill that time, you know? Yeah.
Yes. You can't go, you can't go up there stores, you can't go to concerts. You can't it's a shame. I
can't even imagine what dating must be like in this in this time. It's hard. What what what do you like to do when, when there isn't a pandemic?
Do you have a favorite kind of uh food?
I never had it. Oh
now. Mhm.
I'm pretty basic. My problem is I'm allergic to ginger, weird allergy. But you don't know where it's at. Ginger's not like they don't advertise it, you can so it closes my throat so I can't eat it. So but I've had chinese obviously and mexican and italian and you know, but I can't I can't venture too far out of my comfort zone. Er Dangerous. Even chinese I run a risk like like the basic which sucks. But no, gingerbread houses bad idea. Probably found out I was allergic.
Yeah, unfortunately because I love to try new stuff clinton.
No,
no I guess yeah, I guess it's in the menu of it's there like ginger spice that they don't want to tell you because they want to give away their recipes. Even have the problem with cookies with like oatmeal raisin cookies. Some have it. We had pizza once that hit ginger in it.
It was in their sauce. Who knew? But yeah, kiwis I guess are that's an okay one. I never I don't think I've ever had. Yeah. I have hacky way. Do you like them? Is that is that they get that a loss for you?
I have the problem with ginger is they put it in a lot of medicine to because it's supposed. Yeah, so you never know when it's there. Mhm. Um Yeah,
it's okay. So you would like to go to restaurants or anything else, do you go to like, well you're so you're too young for clubs yet?
More that sounds like fun. Yeah,
I could never do it. My kids do, but I could never, I don't think, well
I bet we do that like
like
a renaissance fair go and you can
throw glass and you know, strict
arts
and there, you've never been
so much fun. There's something you don't have to get dressed up to go there. Fun. You should try it. Just get a group of friends and you know, it's a, it's a just a fun day for, you know, unfortunately, probably not open right now. I think they are opening. How about amusement parks? You like amusement parks,
do you Rollercoaster junkie? Me too.
Oh yeah, my daughter's the same way she loves them and not a lot of her friends, she has to fly on her brother. The different,
No,
that's no fun. Little clusters are great. Mm What, like what parts have you been to like just in Maryland or have you have a favorite?
Yeah, I've,
we have six flags in New Jersey and pennsylvania. What we have? Oh, cannibals. But I've never been uh my favorites Disney, but yeah,
party, party light. Mm
Nice. And it's hot there. That one is the hottest cause they don't put air conditioning in. Mhm.
Thank you.
in florida?
You've lived in florida before. Nice. Yeah.
are our mistakes. We always go in august
the hottest month of the year,
but
and a bit to the lines were shorter
My best friend's supposed to go next month and I'm like, I don't know if I would do that, but she's going, it's our anniversary. So um but yeah, I like, I think I like Hollywood Studios the best. I like the Tower Terror and I have been there to see the new
Star Wars or anything, but
I'm looking forward to. It will probably go hopefully next year if it's open uh because it'll be my son's graduation Or two years, Jeez
tears. So hopefully everything will be fixed by then. Um You know, so you live in, you've been to Kings to me, have you ever been to Busch Gardens?
It's one of the best part of the 3rd Water Park is one of the best I've ever been to. Yeah.
You do you like to travel to, you said you live in florida and Maryland. You haven't been anywhere else
there?
Yeah, March 13 was our, was our first date we went and picked our daughter from college and that was that was it. We've been home ever since. I mean I go out, you know, give the store every once in a while, but I
try not
to even do that often, the
I haven't been that far, I've been in Nevada, but I haven't been farther than that, that was the only time I've been west. Mhm.
Yeah,
that's great, that's so much fun. So uh California, anything any other place or just
thank that's sitting mob, but
what the hell? Like there's a lot different than in the East Coast. Mhm.
Driving, they say it takes forever, that my brother lives out there. He says driving takes forever.
Um But I always told
us that his brain is fried
by the sun from being out there too long, mm. Um But no I've never been, I I I went to las Vegas, that was my my uh for this west, but not much else. I've been up on the East Coast.
fascinating.
I want to say it is it
is
it
so it's life, there are a lot different than it is here like I I don't know because I've
slower paced.
No, that's awful. You would think they would figure out how to harness the ocean water by now.
Like
it's been a long like they can get the salt out of it, come on and we have so much water that we can't use. Which is ridiculous. And to even have a country without order isn't seen. But I thought South africa was more was is it is it very inhabited like or is it like other big cities? Big I don't I don't know anything about it really.
Bird modern or not.
That's cool though. I wish I had been outside the country now it will be able to but I would have loved to see in other places.
But yeah my parents weren't travelers, my in laws do they travel, they went to, they were supposed to go to Germany
for this year but for their anniversary but they got canceled. They've been to italy and France and we just we just haven't had europe. You get married, you have kids, you don't have time for that
so you hope that you get time later, that's all travel. I'm back now right now. I just love traveling with my kids, you know like having fun with a lot of that. And we went to Ohio that was fun
believe it or not
We did the top of Ohio to the bottom so there's two amusement parks there like two big ones and then uh we stopped at Jack Hanna Zoo in the middle rock and roll Hall of Fame. It's fun. It's a good trip, mm mhm.
No,
well not with with the pandemic or just because they don't
like
to drive. Yeah the pandemics kind of put a damper on everything right right now concerts and um do you do do you do that? Do you like to go to concerts?
Oh they're
fun.
There
are hundreds
but expensive.
Um I guess movies, you're doing movies, campus. Mhm.
Nice Virtual or like?
Yeah that's good.
No
I guess. Did you pick a lot of peaches? Mhm.
I've never been I've been to apple farms. I've never been to a peach farm I guess they'd be south further south.
It's fun though. And then a lot of people like I know there's are you near the beach, do you get to have you been to the beach or or not?
So you're you're you must be like northern Baltimore, are you more western?
Alright. Been there a lot. My husband does a lot of work that he's an architect so he does a lot of work there and in Maryland and around there so
that we've
been here.
Well that makes it I mean yeah we go to Jersey but everything's packed now like there's so
yeah you can find more secluded beaches like or the ends were not a lot of people go that's not near the boardwalk. It might be all right.
Yeah I have a lot of friends that went I just had friends that got back from Ocean city Maryland and I thought are you crazy that we got invited to their house for a party and going I don't think I'm going. No I'm good because of where they traveled and now you have states that are starting to quarantine for traveling.
my husband, his partner at work came back from uh he went to Kentucky to see his daughter and that was fine because they were in a hotel. But then he went to Nashville Tennessee and went to a bar. We went oh no why would
you go to a bar? Yeah and in Nashville nonetheless. So yes they they were like yeah you stay at home for two weeks. We're good
of
it's awful. I'm so sorry. Where do they live? Are they
was her dad working? Was he in the health
care?
Weird.
It's so strange. I wonder how he got it. Mhm.
Are they? Let me ask you, are they in an apartment building betting? Chance?
No they're in the house.
it's scary. And I wonder if if when it comes to apartment buildings, if it's not in the air ducts and circulating through the apartment building that way like legionnaire's disease almost. Um But I I but your friend has all been staying at home that when I have no idea. It's such a shame. Oh. Mhm.
No. Were they in her house or
I mean and you run into anybody who's asymptomatic they could have ordered food and had somebody there have been anything really
first question. It's so hard. Especially on on people who are older and you can't fight it as well. Um Hopefully it'll pass soon. Yeah. Or at least I thought they find a treatment because now they're saying vaccines may not work real number
here
than I will.
What's that? I'm sorry did you say?
Well they said they said um the vaccine or just like the antibodies might be temporary so you might have to getting it. Um But there was one doctor so I don't I don't know you would you understand it more than I do.
Yeah I mean I've seen that but I don't know you sometimes you see studies that say it will and sometimes you study that it won't it's like nobody gets on the same page.
Well I hope I hope that you get to do everything that you have to do on time. Um You know that it's such a shame for students. It's the worst.
Yeah. Well I mean as long as you take precautions right in your hand and nobody place is gonna be safer than a hospital.
Everything
well then that should be fine. As long as you as you you know you have a mask on you wash your hands and you should be okay. Hopefully they won't cancel it for you. I hope that you uh you know get everything you have to get done so it doesn't mess with your education your schooling and
you'll be here I think. Uh You know stressing and worrying, worrying is causing as much problems as the viruses.
Yeah I'm outside every day because of the dog because my my husband heard his name so I have to take the dog out twice a day but um not today because we're just it's pouring and he doesn't like brain. Um But yeah we got we got hit with that. What is it? The cyclone that's up here? Uh huh. So
of rain.
Oh you must have missed you guys. It's been pouring here. Yeah and it's a warm rain so it's not calling anything off. It's just humid and sticky. Um one would hope you know it would uh cooled off but Especially 90 here until Tuesday. I'm
serious.
Yeah I don't I don't like you can't deal with it as well as I'd rather have a spring involved
nice moderate temperatures school you know
I don't like snow.
Do like snow. Okay
It was beautiful the first couple of days then it's like okay now you can
melt
right it's dangerous driving. And it yeah
but
it's pretty
pretty though
for for a few days. But then yeah it's like enough's enough. Okay we're done one snowstorm year we're good. But I don't think I'd want to live anywhere where there wasn't seasons. You know like like California. They don't really don't have this evening change. Mhm.
Yeah. Or I guess anything over the west coast they don't I don't know how far
that's
oh no I said I'm not sure anything on the west coast does. I don't know how far it goes across the United States before they stop having the seasonal changes like that. But but like I know Nevada doesn't I don't know about anything else. See that. Look we made it we did our 25 minutes. It was easy. Right?
Yeah. And then we got to take the survey. Have you done prolific long?
The
girls?
Yeah. It's a decent way to make some extra cash. Um You know as long as everything works. I've had a couple surveys that haven't worked but
he to return them. But you know it's like uh I think I had one yesterday that couldn't get the microphone. It would not read my microphone at all.
Yeah. So I had returned that one. All right. Well I guess um we go back and take the survey and it was nice meeting you.
Hey. Good
luck with everything. Good luck
with