SPEAKER_L: batman. All right. Oh nice. Yes I'm all dizzy. Uh huh. Fast. Oh. Mhm. Okay. Oh hi what are you doing? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Mhm. Oh what what Okay. Oh mother yeah boy. Yeah. Uh awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Hello? Yeah yeah can you hear me? All right?
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Can you hear me
SPEAKER_R: Yes she can.
SPEAKER_L: awesome. Hey how's it going?
SPEAKER_R: Doing good. And you?
SPEAKER_L: Doing? Pretty pretty excellent. The excellent it's uh 9:00 here in Pacific Pacific coast time in Washington. Ah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh you're from Washington to what? Are you
SPEAKER_L: Um I mean actually uh university place yeah there you go.
SPEAKER_R: okay? Nice. Nice. Nice. I'm in that tiny city that's been in city in the tray cities area.
SPEAKER_L: Oh where's where's that looking relatives like them all? Like where is that located relative to them all? Because we're like like I'm located west of the mall west the commonwealth.
SPEAKER_R: Oh um I'm not quite sure. I'm in the east like the southeast part of Washington state. So um like there's the tri cities area that's richland kennewick Pasco. It's yeah.
SPEAKER_L: How far even like the border of Oregon?
SPEAKER_R: Um I want to say about an hour or two.
SPEAKER_L: an hour away. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah about an hour give or take. So
SPEAKER_L: you're way coast or? Yeah you're way down south for me here.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah. Pretty fun. So the non evergreen part of the state
SPEAKER_L: Really? So what what's like the flora and fauna down there I guess?
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of like a desert.
SPEAKER_L: Really? No way we're getting bad word wow. That's crazy
SPEAKER_R: It is pretty crazy. It's just funny because I grew up in this area too. And so a lot of people are like oh you're from Washington. That must be so pretty with all the nice you know find trains and I'm like well it is in the west. It's because
SPEAKER_L: I had no idea. It was crazy.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's because they have the, I forget which they have the mountains that go through the state, the mountains that go through the state, so all the rain comes in from the ocean side
SPEAKER_L: Makes
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: sense.
SPEAKER_R: so it doesn't pass the costume pass over the mountains, it was just so dry in this area because of that
SPEAKER_L: wow. Okay, that makes sense over here. Yeah, it hasn't like hit the like constant drizzle season yet, but it has been like overcast and somewhat rainy like in sparse days, but it's been like pretty, just kind of consistent, like sunny and like cloudy here and there, but it hasn't been like, you know, depressing reading like that. Like how they say. So I'm actually not even from here, I'm from florida, like I just moved here like six months ago.
SPEAKER_R: Oh wow. Oh wow, that's pretty cool. How is it in florida? Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Well florida interesting state. I'm not gonna like how do I say? All right, so like yeah, if you like the beach and if you like, you know like really hot weather I guess sweltering hot, like just drenched in sweat every five minutes when you're walking outside hot. But yeah, I don't know like florida's just like, it's just very flat to you have, you have like the springs, you have like a swampy kind of vibe up in the north and central areas. You have like um yeah, the Everglades, you can go ahead and check out like the gators and different types of wildlife there. Like the heroines. Um I mean really the only thing florida's got going for it is just like the beaches. Honestly like, like that in the springs, like the springs inside, like the, like the inside, like the inner part of the state. There's like the only like great natural wonders about florida. Everything else is just kind of like questionable, very questionable. Very
SPEAKER_R: Hey
SPEAKER_L: quiet remote to say at least. Wow.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I tried to give each state the benefit of the doubt, but you know, florida does have the
SPEAKER_L: Every,
SPEAKER_R: notorious
SPEAKER_L: every state
SPEAKER_R: forever.
SPEAKER_L: has its thing. Yes, every state has its thing. But
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: florida is, is a special, is a special child, florida is a special child. Uh huh. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty cool though, the beaches must be really nice.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah. They do have some, some nice speeches. Although watch out for some thanks. May want to check the news every now and then because you might see beaches that have like sharks, not like they're like shark attacks, but like there will be stylings of like, I mean, I think I saw last year sometime in the early summer there was like a like almost an infestation of like bull sharks in this, in this beach called new Smyrna Smyrna Beach and it was like, it was like thousands of them. Yeah, thousands of bull sharks. They're like, oh my God. So
SPEAKER_R: I'm crazy
SPEAKER_L: um, yeah, jupiter Beach is pretty cool for a lot of the area's nice. Miami Beach is cool. If you go on the northern side of Miami Beach, Miami Beach is like um a lot more isolated. So I'm from Miami like I was, I was born in CUBA and then I uh immigrated to Miami where I
SPEAKER_R: So that's really cool
SPEAKER_L: Yeah for like 18 years in my high school. Then from there I went to school in um northern Florida, north central florida, you have the gators. Um I went to school there, graduated and then um I decided to come over here like not too long ago, like about six months ago. Um well actually decided to come to the west coast about your maybe two years ago actually when I visited. But um I was like very determined to come out here and my cousin ended up having a nice job and she was studying and getting her doctrine. She was already established. I was like, hey, you know like covid happened and colleagues at my job and I was like, you know what? Like this is probably the best time. I mean this is not the best time to travel, but like,
SPEAKER_R: there's
SPEAKER_L: I mean it
SPEAKER_R: time
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: to go.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, there was a time for me to go ahead and take that as like the window and like it was, it was like honestly like, like looking back at in hindsight. All right. Yeah. Um It wasn't the worst time ago to leave because the case is obviously got worse as like,
SPEAKER_R: Oh I know
SPEAKER_L: yeah, the time went by cases obviously like spiked up and got way worse, but thankfully like I came out of like pretty, pretty. I mean it was getting better over Washington years, you know, like obviously like it first started getting really bad here, but then it got a little bit better. Um But yeah, so yeah, so now I'm just um so I just got here and then like six months ago I was pretty much is geared towards getting um hopefully like an occupation in tech industry. Um And now I'm just working remotely as like a as a writer contributor. So yeah yeah I've yet to visit the southern part of Washington. I've been to I've been to like all of C I don't know at this point it's like West Seattle, North Seattle.
SPEAKER_R: that is
SPEAKER_L: Um Yeah I would say that was pretty cool but almost pretty Children said you took almost kind of like a less congested more more easy going inside of talent. Um So that's been my experience so far.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, well like I said uh southeast part of Washington, it is, it is going to look like pretty much like a dry desert. It's gonna be pretty, it's gonna be pretty different. I mean I mean I would say I mean it's not like your typical like you imagine like texas or new Mexico and the huge practices and everything. Um But there I mean there are some places where practice you can find cactus here in the tri cities area. So
SPEAKER_L: that's actually like surprising, I had no idea and I'm an ignorant like traveler. Apparently granted president
SPEAKER_R: lot
SPEAKER_L: Washington.
SPEAKER_R: of people, a lot of people don't realize that a lot of people don't realize is saying.
SPEAKER_L: because yeah because they they are well known in the day but like a couple of weeks ago I was like wow like there's a rainforest in Washington, the whole rainforest. I was like, wait, what, what is that doing here? And like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know Washington is a pretty crazy state when
SPEAKER_L: Comey
SPEAKER_R: it comes
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: to.
SPEAKER_L: kind of, it's kind of awesome where it's kind of cool.
SPEAKER_R: Have you been to have you been to Mount rainier yet? It's so
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: beautiful.
SPEAKER_L: I mean? I, I see it everywhere. Like I go when it comes to like traveling, but on the road. But I mean, I don't know having guns like the base of it. I haven't got any shows around it or anything.
SPEAKER_R: You have to you have to of course we're getting into the colder weather now. But you have to you have to when things warm up unless you like hiking in the cold. I have never done that myself, but
SPEAKER_L: Many there. I'm about, I'm about to probably face the harshest winter based in my life right now. So,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: true,
SPEAKER_L: we'll
SPEAKER_R: that's true.
SPEAKER_L: see how he goes. Yeah, I mean, I'm from florida so that we don't really get that. The worst it's ever been was when I was in school and in college up in North Florida. I mean, I think the worst of every guy was like 20 6° 25 than usual at one point. Um, and at one point like a little north in Tallahassee, it was like quote unquote snowing but it was like hey or something. Um
SPEAKER_R: I gotcha.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, they claim it was snow, but who knows? It might have been like flurry actually, it was like flurry. Um But anyway, it's like yeah, that's like the code is that already got in florida and now it's just like somewhere, it's really really hard. It's not it's hard, like 90% of the time. The 10% is just like from December to like March. Yeah, maybe, maybe.
SPEAKER_R: Maybe. Oh yeah, no, and I think it depends from winter to winter, sometimes some winters are warmer than others um Not too bad, but you definitely have to be careful for the roads because those
SPEAKER_L: True.
SPEAKER_R: can be a nightmare here, so. Oh yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What, what do you, what do you do for a living? You mind me asking?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, no worries. Um So right now because of Covid, I'm just kind of on a break right now. Um I mean I've been I've been doing school and going into education um you know going as a teacher. Um But yeah, yeah, but with like I said with everything going on
SPEAKER_L: what's that
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: that girl like at least what kind of kids do you
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I was kind of thinking like elementary like 2nd grade, the ideal.
SPEAKER_L: you are brave, you're brave.
SPEAKER_R: Well you have to hear, you have to hear me out at the reason why I'm doing I want to aim for second grade is because they're young enough to still love you, but they're old enough to know the rules, so
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Okay, that's you, that's you.
SPEAKER_R: they're not quite rebellious yet.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Okay. I see. Good, good, good reasoning. I guess second grade, it's like the golden year. Okay. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But, but in the meantime, so what I've been, what I've been doing in the meantime, I've been doing a lot of freelance
SPEAKER_L: Good
SPEAKER_R: work with art. I absolutely love drawing. It wasn't
SPEAKER_L: one.
SPEAKER_R: something I was originally like, it was just, it was always a hobby of mine. But I had a, I had a friend kind of start up by like, hey, I really like your work, can you do this for me? And then before I knew it, it just kind of build off from there. So I might, I don't know, I might continue with it. I'll have to see
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: how that goes.
SPEAKER_L: I'm kind of a drawer myself. I consider myself kind of uh Yeah, I know how to play like sketch pretty well, I'd say. And
SPEAKER_R: that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, like a lot of I've done it since I was like an elementary like for
SPEAKER_R: That's fun.
SPEAKER_L: you even took some in high school, like a are classified two years, like my last two years in high school. And I still do it every now and then whenever I feel inspired. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely a fun hobby. So I've been doing that in the meantime and then I've been um I've also been just doing stuff like um like here with prolific or or a few other websites too, so and this,
SPEAKER_L: Um So you say you so have you dealt in like graphic design? Have you tried using software to like come? But you're working design, graphic design or anything like that?
SPEAKER_R: so I haven't done any um quite commercial graphic design yet. Um I want to eventually get to that point, but I am doing um like for example, I did just take on a project recently. Um I'm kind of starting to get to the final point of it wrapping it up. Uh This person has been writing a
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: book and she's taking me on to do the artwork for her book, so I've been doing that for her, so thank
SPEAKER_L: Very
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: nice. That's cool. Cool. Project. All right. Yeah. That's nice. I've I've uh I once used this one program called grab it to do like vector drawing whatever on this one project I was doing. Um But yeah yeah I had a pretty cool idea for this one logo that my friend wanted to use for his like monitor because he's like a music artist. So I was like working on that. Um And it's pretty cool, it's pretty easy to use. Um I'd say illustrator is also a great one. Yeah like I think there's another one called, I started in the I forgot what it was called. But yeah there therefore those things you know I was like using I was just doing it was like a side thing like a side hobby. That's pretty cool. Um
SPEAKER_R: That is pretty cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's great that you're doing that. That's where you're like actually delving into it. So who does to you?
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Thank
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: you. I just, I consider if your luck.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Like I mean things just you know sometimes you just gotta be an opportunity to just make the best out of play the best hand you can, whenever you can just, you don't decide which hand you guys gotta pay the best and you can no. Mhm um Have you traveled outside of Washington money tens
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, no, I certainly have. I've done um I had a few years of college in Utah
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: and um I visited, I visited new york last year before the pandemic broke out. So so I was, I was pretty lucky there, I was pretty lucky there. Um I'm also um like how you were saying you were born in cuba actually um I have, I have friends from there. I haven't been there, I haven't been there, but I do have, my mom is from Peru just talking about latin, you know
SPEAKER_L: We're
SPEAKER_R: and and culture. Um My mom is from Peru and so I've been to prove a few times to visit my family down there. It's been, it's been a lot of fun. Um and then then I did a study abroad in Japan for for
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: for a summer.
SPEAKER_L: am incredibly jealous right now. Nothing. I'm how is that? Like I already know you're gonna say but how was it
SPEAKER_R: it was really amazing. It was really amazing.
SPEAKER_L: jeans?
SPEAKER_R: It was, it
SPEAKER_L: Where
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: at Tokyo?
SPEAKER_R: um not Tokyo actually. Um
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: It was, it was kind of the mid mid south part of Japan. But we just
SPEAKER_L: soccer,
SPEAKER_R: kept we um yeah, yeah, we were
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: around
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: Osaka. So um we also, we also want to um we went to kyoto. We want to uh
SPEAKER_L: my God,
SPEAKER_R: nada uh we also want to um what
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: is it called?
SPEAKER_L: like my dreams and like go to Japan my dream.
SPEAKER_R: Oh and we went to Hiroshima as well. So that was really,
SPEAKER_L: wow, wow.
SPEAKER_R: that was, it was very surreal. It it was like you could just feel in the environment, you know, just the history there. Just like bam. It was, it was, it was pretty crazy. Um My group, my group of the group of students that were with with me were kind of laughing because you know, we're all all from Washington and some were from again the tri cities area. And one of the things that tri cities is also known for, we have Hanford and that's where, that's where some of the atomic bombs were developed is Yeah. Yeah. That's where they store though. That's actually where a lot of the waste has been stored is in Hanford. So um if you ever go to the tri cities, you might hear stuff about like it's jokes about radiation and like, like animals that glow in the dark
SPEAKER_L: there,
SPEAKER_R: and stuff.
SPEAKER_L: that's crazy,
SPEAKER_R: It's not true. It's
SPEAKER_L: More
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: than
SPEAKER_R: true. But that's another that's another thing, if you ever if you ever go to the east side, you might see some of that here and there. But but we there's a high school, there's a high school in in Richland uh that they, you know, everybody has their mascots and everything. They call themselves because they're right next to hampered. They call themselves the Richland bombers. Yeah. Yeah. And one of the students, one of the students from our group uh was from, I did go to ritual in high school and so he's like, I'm so glad we, when we came over here to visit this day, I had my Richland bombers shirt, you know, I'm so glad I didn't wear, I didn't realize how weird or how that would have been.
SPEAKER_L: I don't, I don't even know how to what? Well
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, a lot of people like that, I don't know when that school was built, but a lot of people are like, they need to change that a
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: little
SPEAKER_L: not it's yeah
SPEAKER_R: little
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: over
SPEAKER_L: not
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: it's not for its time right now. Stop it, it's time. No.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. But yeah, no, it was, it was really amazing. Osaka. I definitely, I highly recommend it. It was a beautiful big city. Uh, it was, it was really amazing being able to see the different
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: places
SPEAKER_L: wait
SPEAKER_R: and I,
SPEAKER_L: I'm sorry did you go study abroad? Did you like go independently?
SPEAKER_R: so, so it was, it was a study, it was a study abroad and we, we taught um, it was related with the teaching pro, with the teaching program I'm a part of. So we also taught, we taught english to middle school and high school students, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: cool. Yeah. Nice. Nice. I was actually enrolled in a virtual like teaching program called VIP Kids for like month and a half to two months let's say. Um and it was it's basically like you know you go online and you have 25 minutes sessions. Uh your book classes, you both different segments of the week and you you're basically teaching chinese students english. So.
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's really cool.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Um Yeah you know it's it's pretty pretty awesome to see the engagement that you could have with the child and like see how actually like how quickly they pick up on things how like you know they actually try to like do well you know it's kind of cool. Um But the whole the whole like teaching uh process and all that stuff it's gonna be it's like I think I've done for a while. I've also I've also taught basketball to middle school years in like elementary kids and stuff and I've also been like a mentor for G. D. Student in college back when I was in high school. So like I have I have a good amount of teaching experience that so um And funny enough I'm actually about to get into like probably the most challenging teaching process of my life right now I'm about to train a german shepherd puppy. Then I was. Yeah I know
SPEAKER_R: fun.
SPEAKER_L: yeah it's refunds refunds for sure. I'm just like nervous because it's going to be like a it's just a big responsibility you know you want to make sure you like. Yeah it's like actually like a pretty like pretty good line of dog like it has like a really good in the age and it has like a really good pedigree. Um Yeah, it's like how much from a check line of of like work line check, like Czech Republic german shepherd, so I'm excited. Yeah, it's really nice. Um
SPEAKER_R: that's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm kind of excited. I've already, I've already like looked at the puppy, I've already like enabled or whatever so it's a mess.
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty cool. What friend calls with?
SPEAKER_L: I'm kind of like, I'm trying to like, I've been watching videos like all day every day, just like getting ready to like um make sure I know what I'm doing right because I don't want to make sure I don't want to ever make sure this is probably like struggling, you know, like ever doing stuff is not supposed to. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah and and I heard um I heard driven shepherds that they can be very well trained dogs but they do require a little more work than some other breeds. Is that true?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, definitely, definitely. You want to make sure like, I think very like something that's very important. It's like you always want to make sure you're like, they have high
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: drive. So you always want to make sure that you're always engaging them no matter what, whether it's physically like with a toy or just like running outside or um,
SPEAKER_R: listen.
SPEAKER_L: but, but I was like, I've been looking at days and it's like you want, you always, you have like a split second, like a second before like a dog kind of realize, realizes like they made a connection with something. So like when you're trying to teach them like specific things or whatever, you have to be like very on top of like the reaction and I'm looking at you like seeing their behavior. So you know exactly when to reward and there's different types of rewards whether you do a continuously or whether you like and they, how you say things with the right tone, like you can't let the emotions get ahold of you. You have to like kind of just when it's training time, you have to like stick it. So like, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: The.
SPEAKER_L: it's very methodical. You have to be very, very like methodical when it comes to that. So, I think, I think, I think I could do it. I think I just had to like, and from now from now to then I have to kind of just step into the mode of discipline. So that way, like, if I do it, it will reflect, you know what I'm saying because it's like, you just can't like, you got to prepare for these things. I don't think like you're not ready. You know what I'm saying? You're not ready for these things and you're not Yeah, you got to like, think about, you got to like take it to the next level because because the mountains, it's like it's like having a baby or have like a child.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. Exactly. For real.
SPEAKER_L: Some people, some people are treated that way. But I do you know I do. You're
SPEAKER_R: I know, I try to I try to treat it that way with my dog so. Yeah, no they definitely they can definitely can be a big responsibility, but hey, I like I personally with me with the pandemic, I've had more time to spend with my dogs, so it's been really nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm I'm gonna do right now. Like now I'm working from like working from home and just, you know, I can basically just like spending time with them. So Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's gonna that's that's so nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we'll see how it goes. It goes. I think I'll go, well, it'll go well, I just had to just have to be patient and just enjoy the process, you know, Because it could get get get harder sometimes. But I have to letter phase out. I'm excited to scoop up so much to bali now. Uh Let's do like I'm not even sure if I'm ready for that part. We'll see.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How old is the puppy gonna be when you get the puppy?
SPEAKER_L: eight weeks. 8 weeks.
SPEAKER_R: eight weeks. Oh wow, how fun. Yeah I haven't I haven't worked um I haven't had a dog that young before when I got the dog initially, so so I know puppies are a lot more work, they start mellowing out when they get old.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you do. You do a lot of work but yeah I think I'm up for it. It's very nice. Also I do live with the german shepherd here already. Like the owner who who owned the house, they have like a female german shepherd. So if anything I think that that strengthens like one their socialization too um like they they see her doing good then like they'll follow her path right there like whatever. So hopefully they all get along. They they also have a cat, they also have a cat who doesn't get along with this german shepherd but hopefully that since this this will be a puppy I think hopefully I think it will, it won't consider the threat so
SPEAKER_R: yeah yeah. Yeah so so with me um I have um I have a, well I have I have two dogs, I have a senior, she's she's a she's a mix, she's uh she's a chihuahua wiener dog mix.
SPEAKER_L: chihuahua
SPEAKER_R: So,
SPEAKER_L: wiener dog makes, wow,
SPEAKER_R: So um so she's she's been a good dog throughout the years, like I said she's a senior now, I want to say she's like 11 or so, so she's she's starting to get into the, into the old age, she's she's definitely acting like a scene with her barking and her attitude. Um And then my other dog is a, she's she's three years old right now. She's also a mixed, she is um she's she's a pit bull and a lab, so she's a lot of fun, she's so much fun.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. That's cool. People. Okay
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, she is, she's just so playful and loving. She's like the best thing for
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: in fact,
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: in fact after after we're done with this conversation, I'm gonna I'm gonna run her for a bit. She loves, she loves laser pointer, she's like a mad addict every
SPEAKER_L: my God honey.
SPEAKER_R: night, every night. She'll be like, you know, she'll be like sitting where she knows where it hangs, she knows where I have it hanging every night and she'll just sit by there and she'll look at me like
SPEAKER_L: That's hilarious.
SPEAKER_R: you are, are you going to take me? So
SPEAKER_L: Crazy.
SPEAKER_R: that's kind of
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: kind of become
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: tonight Rachel,
SPEAKER_L: Wait what's her name? It's
SPEAKER_R: her name is Bill. Yeah. Yeah yeah she's she's like completely black except for she has some white spots here and there and her toes are like right so
SPEAKER_L: That's cool. That's cool. nine. Nice. All right, boo. I don't know what to name her like, you know what the name is. All right. So, I have some I have some options here. You let me know what you think. All right. I have Xena
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's pretty.
SPEAKER_L: X. E. N. A. Okay. Have jade
SPEAKER_R: jade sounds
SPEAKER_L: toss
SPEAKER_R: good.
SPEAKER_L: up between data or data. You know? I don't know. I like j like the camera like the stone jay but jay is more feminine, but it's
SPEAKER_R: They're
SPEAKER_L: okay because I don't
SPEAKER_R: both feminine to me so
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Okay. I don't know the Jada like it's just more like you know the ending A I don't know maybe someone coming in, but I had to have those who have um mia um layer
SPEAKER_R: Yeah they are Okay.
SPEAKER_L: rain
SPEAKER_R: Same, it's a pretty one too
SPEAKER_L: and last. And in the last two I have is Sadie and Gracie.
SPEAKER_R: dirty and greasy. Mm I do I do really like um I don't think you could go wrong with like Jada Jada
SPEAKER_L: True. Okay. My cousin said jay was nice. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: and then what was what was the first one again? Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Xena.
SPEAKER_R: Xena, Xena sounds pretty cool for a dog.
SPEAKER_L: Dude, I know, seen a damn so damn. I know, I know it's you know it's always been like my number one choice. Uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. See I I think you I think that would be a good dog name right there.
SPEAKER_L: vina. Yeah. Xena. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: especially in the german shepherd, she could pull that off really good.
SPEAKER_L: for sure. Oh, I think I think you're right. You're right. Thank you. All right. I think you're a Xena. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: and it's
SPEAKER_L: I like
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: it's like well what when do you get the chance to use such a cool name Anyway, so okay.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly.
SPEAKER_R: Like like if you have a child down down the lane and it's a daughter, okay. I can name her jade. You know, I can't really, I don't know about Xena so much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You know you
SPEAKER_R: Six.
SPEAKER_L: know it's not it's like cool but it's like too far in the future or not. We're not there yet, unfortunately, we're not there yet. Yeah. All right. Well, I think we're past the mark, but yeah, it was really nice talking to you. Um
SPEAKER_R: The same here. Same
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: so funny that you're actually Washington, it's kind of crazy. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I know, I know. I've had two previous conversations in the past because they started at the very beginning of october and they've, they've been like, they've been, you know, just in different, completely different states. So this was just hearing you have been in oh specific standard time. I was like, oh I wonder if he's real Washington and yeah, sure enough. So that's pretty cool. Hey, I wish you the best of luck with your time here. And especially with the your first winter, your first
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Washington Windsor. So
SPEAKER_L: know. I know. Uh Yeah, I think I'll be okay. I have the gear I have like the raincoat. I know it's like blasphemy nephews and brothers over here, so like, I know I'm I've done my research. Bernard.
SPEAKER_R: yep. And layers certainly definitely layer up. So that helps. Done.
SPEAKER_L: I'm ready. I'm ready. All right. All right. Thank you so much for everything. Um I really appreciate your your vote for the name and uh say how to boot for me
SPEAKER_R: I will you take care.
SPEAKER_L: already. You as well. Bye.