batman. All right. Oh nice. Yes I'm all dizzy. Uh huh. Fast. Oh. Mhm. Okay. Oh hi what are you doing? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Mhm. Oh what what Okay. Oh mother yeah boy. Yeah. Uh awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Right.
Yes. Can you hear me
awesome. Hey how's it going?
Doing? Pretty pretty excellent. The excellent it's uh 9:00 here in Pacific Pacific coast time in Washington. Ah.
Um I mean actually uh university place yeah there you go.
Oh where's where's that looking relatives like them all? Like where is that located relative to them all? Because we're like like I'm located west of the mall west the commonwealth.
How far even like the border of Oregon?
an hour away. Okay.
you're way coast or? Yeah you're way down south for me here.
Really? So what what's like the flora and fauna down there I guess?
Really? No way we're getting bad word wow. That's crazy
I had no idea. It was crazy.
Makes
sense.
wow. Okay, that makes sense over here. Yeah, it hasn't like hit the like constant drizzle season yet, but it has been like overcast and somewhat rainy like in sparse days, but it's been like pretty, just kind of consistent, like sunny and like cloudy here and there, but it hasn't been like, you know, depressing reading like that. Like how they say. So I'm actually not even from here, I'm from florida, like I just moved here like six months ago.
Well florida interesting state. I'm not gonna like how do I say? All right, so like yeah, if you like the beach and if you like, you know like really hot weather I guess sweltering hot, like just drenched in sweat every five minutes when you're walking outside hot. But yeah, I don't know like florida's just like, it's just very flat to you have, you have like the springs, you have like a swampy kind of vibe up in the north and central areas. You have like um yeah, the Everglades, you can go ahead and check out like the gators and different types of wildlife there. Like the heroines. Um I mean really the only thing florida's got going for it is just like the beaches. Honestly like, like that in the springs, like the springs inside, like the, like the inside, like the inner part of the state. There's like the only like great natural wonders about florida. Everything else is just kind of like questionable, very questionable. Very
quiet remote to say at least. Wow.
Every,
every state
has its thing. Yes, every state has its thing. But
florida is, is a special, is a special child, florida is a special child. Uh huh. Yeah,
yeah, yeah. They do have some, some nice speeches. Although watch out for some thanks. May want to check the news every now and then because you might see beaches that have like sharks, not like they're like shark attacks, but like there will be stylings of like, I mean, I think I saw last year sometime in the early summer there was like a like almost an infestation of like bull sharks in this, in this beach called new Smyrna Smyrna Beach and it was like, it was like thousands of them. Yeah, thousands of bull sharks. They're like, oh my God. So
um, yeah, jupiter Beach is pretty cool for a lot of the area's nice. Miami Beach is cool. If you go on the northern side of Miami Beach, Miami Beach is like um a lot more isolated. So I'm from Miami like I was, I was born in CUBA and then I uh immigrated to Miami where I
Yeah for like 18 years in my high school. Then from there I went to school in um northern Florida, north central florida, you have the gators. Um I went to school there, graduated and then um I decided to come over here like not too long ago, like about six months ago. Um well actually decided to come to the west coast about your maybe two years ago actually when I visited. But um I was like very determined to come out here and my cousin ended up having a nice job and she was studying and getting her doctrine. She was already established. I was like, hey, you know like covid happened and colleagues at my job and I was like, you know what? Like this is probably the best time. I mean this is not the best time to travel, but like,
I mean it
was
yeah, there was a time for me to go ahead and take that as like the window and like it was, it was like honestly like, like looking back at in hindsight. All right. Yeah. Um It wasn't the worst time ago to leave because the case is obviously got worse as like,
yeah, the time went by cases obviously like spiked up and got way worse, but thankfully like I came out of like pretty, pretty. I mean it was getting better over Washington years, you know, like obviously like it first started getting really bad here, but then it got a little bit better. Um But yeah, so yeah, so now I'm just um so I just got here and then like six months ago I was pretty much is geared towards getting um hopefully like an occupation in tech industry. Um And now I'm just working remotely as like a as a writer contributor. So yeah yeah I've yet to visit the southern part of Washington. I've been to I've been to like all of C I don't know at this point it's like West Seattle, North Seattle.
Um Yeah I would say that was pretty cool but almost pretty Children said you took almost kind of like a less congested more more easy going inside of talent. Um So that's been my experience so far.
that's actually like surprising, I had no idea and I'm an ignorant like traveler. Apparently granted president
Washington.
because yeah because they they are well known in the day but like a couple of weeks ago I was like wow like there's a rainforest in Washington, the whole rainforest. I was like, wait, what, what is that doing here? And like
Comey
is
kind of, it's kind of awesome where it's kind of cool.
What
I mean? I, I see it everywhere. Like I go when it comes to like traveling, but on the road. But I mean, I don't know having guns like the base of it. I haven't got any shows around it or anything.
Many there. I'm about, I'm about to probably face the harshest winter based in my life right now. So,
I mean
we'll
see how he goes. Yeah, I mean, I'm from florida so that we don't really get that. The worst it's ever been was when I was in school and in college up in North Florida. I mean, I think the worst of every guy was like 20 6° 25 than usual at one point. Um, and at one point like a little north in Tallahassee, it was like quote unquote snowing but it was like hey or something. Um
Yeah, yeah, they claim it was snow, but who knows? It might have been like flurry actually, it was like flurry. Um But anyway, it's like yeah, that's like the code is that already got in florida and now it's just like somewhere, it's really really hard. It's not it's hard, like 90% of the time. The 10% is just like from December to like March. Yeah, maybe, maybe.
True.
What, what do you, what do you do for a living? You mind me asking?
what's that
that girl like at least what kind of kids do you
you are brave, you're brave.
Okay. Okay, that's you, that's you.
Okay. Okay. I see. Good, good, good reasoning. I guess second grade, it's like the golden year. Okay. Yeah.
Good
one.
No,
I'm kind of a drawer myself. I consider myself kind of uh Yeah, I know how to play like sketch pretty well, I'd say. And
Yeah. Yeah, like a lot of I've done it since I was like an elementary like for
you even took some in high school, like a are classified two years, like my last two years in high school. And I still do it every now and then whenever I feel inspired. So
Um So you say you so have you dealt in like graphic design? Have you tried using software to like come? But you're working design, graphic design or anything like that?
huh.
Very
nice. That's cool. Cool. Project. All right. Yeah. That's nice. I've I've uh I once used this one program called grab it to do like vector drawing whatever on this one project I was doing. Um But yeah yeah I had a pretty cool idea for this one logo that my friend wanted to use for his like monitor because he's like a music artist. So I was like working on that. Um And it's pretty cool, it's pretty easy to use. Um I'd say illustrator is also a great one. Yeah like I think there's another one called, I started in the I forgot what it was called. But yeah there therefore those things you know I was like using I was just doing it was like a side thing like a side hobby. That's pretty cool. Um
Yeah that's great that you're doing that. That's where you're like actually delving into it. So who does to you?
What?
Okay. Like I mean things just you know sometimes you just gotta be an opportunity to just make the best out of play the best hand you can, whenever you can just, you don't decide which hand you guys gotta pay the best and you can no. Mhm um Have you traveled outside of Washington money tens
interesting.
We're
I
am incredibly jealous right now. Nothing. I'm how is that? Like I already know you're gonna say but how was it
jeans?
Where
at Tokyo?
No
soccer,
it
was
my God,
it's
like my dreams and like go to Japan my dream.
wow, wow.
there,
that's crazy,
More
than
I don't, I don't even know how to what? Well
that's
not it's yeah
it's
not
it's not for its time right now. Stop it, it's time. No.
So
wait
I'm sorry did you go study abroad? Did you like go independently?
cool. Yeah. Nice. Nice. I was actually enrolled in a virtual like teaching program called VIP Kids for like month and a half to two months let's say. Um and it was it's basically like you know you go online and you have 25 minutes sessions. Uh your book classes, you both different segments of the week and you you're basically teaching chinese students english. So.
Mhm. Um Yeah you know it's it's pretty pretty awesome to see the engagement that you could have with the child and like see how actually like how quickly they pick up on things how like you know they actually try to like do well you know it's kind of cool. Um But the whole the whole like teaching uh process and all that stuff it's gonna be it's like I think I've done for a while. I've also I've also taught basketball to middle school years in like elementary kids and stuff and I've also been like a mentor for G. D. Student in college back when I was in high school. So like I have I have a good amount of teaching experience that so um And funny enough I'm actually about to get into like probably the most challenging teaching process of my life right now I'm about to train a german shepherd puppy. Then I was. Yeah I know
yeah it's refunds refunds for sure. I'm just like nervous because it's going to be like a it's just a big responsibility you know you want to make sure you like. Yeah it's like actually like a pretty like pretty good line of dog like it has like a really good in the age and it has like a really good pedigree. Um Yeah, it's like how much from a check line of of like work line check, like Czech Republic german shepherd, so I'm excited. Yeah, it's really nice. Um
Yeah, I'm kind of excited. I've already, I've already like looked at the puppy, I've already like enabled or whatever so it's a mess.
I'm kind of like, I'm trying to like, I've been watching videos like all day every day, just like getting ready to like um make sure I know what I'm doing right because I don't want to make sure I don't want to ever make sure this is probably like struggling, you know, like ever doing stuff is not supposed to. So
yeah, definitely, definitely. You want to make sure like, I think very like something that's very important. It's like you always want to make sure you're like, they have high
drive. So you always want to make sure that you're always engaging them no matter what, whether it's physically like with a toy or just like running outside or um,
but, but I was like, I've been looking at days and it's like you want, you always, you have like a split second, like a second before like a dog kind of realize, realizes like they made a connection with something. So like when you're trying to teach them like specific things or whatever, you have to be like very on top of like the reaction and I'm looking at you like seeing their behavior. So you know exactly when to reward and there's different types of rewards whether you do a continuously or whether you like and they, how you say things with the right tone, like you can't let the emotions get ahold of you. You have to like kind of just when it's training time, you have to like stick it. So like, yeah,
it's very methodical. You have to be very, very like methodical when it comes to that. So, I think, I think, I think I could do it. I think I just had to like, and from now from now to then I have to kind of just step into the mode of discipline. So that way, like, if I do it, it will reflect, you know what I'm saying because it's like, you just can't like, you got to prepare for these things. I don't think like you're not ready. You know what I'm saying? You're not ready for these things and you're not Yeah, you got to like, think about, you got to like take it to the next level because because the mountains, it's like it's like having a baby or have like a child.
Some people, some people are treated that way. But I do you know I do. You're
Yeah. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm I'm gonna do right now. Like now I'm working from like working from home and just, you know, I can basically just like spending time with them. So Yeah.
Yeah, we'll see how it goes. It goes. I think I'll go, well, it'll go well, I just had to just have to be patient and just enjoy the process, you know, Because it could get get get harder sometimes. But I have to letter phase out. I'm excited to scoop up so much to bali now. Uh Let's do like I'm not even sure if I'm ready for that part. We'll see.
eight weeks. 8 weeks.
Yeah, you do. You do a lot of work but yeah I think I'm up for it. It's very nice. Also I do live with the german shepherd here already. Like the owner who who owned the house, they have like a female german shepherd. So if anything I think that that strengthens like one their socialization too um like they they see her doing good then like they'll follow her path right there like whatever. So hopefully they all get along. They they also have a cat, they also have a cat who doesn't get along with this german shepherd but hopefully that since this this will be a puppy I think hopefully I think it will, it won't consider the threat so
chihuahua
wiener dog makes, wow,
Nice. That's cool. People. Okay
thank
you.
my God honey.
That's hilarious.
Crazy.
What?
What?
What?
Wait what's her name? It's
That's cool. That's cool. nine. Nice. All right, boo. I don't know what to name her like, you know what the name is. All right. So, I have some I have some options here. You let me know what you think. All right. I have Xena
X. E. N. A. Okay. Have jade
toss
up between data or data. You know? I don't know. I like j like the camera like the stone jay but jay is more feminine, but it's
okay because I don't
Okay. Okay. I don't know the Jada like it's just more like you know the ending A I don't know maybe someone coming in, but I had to have those who have um mia um layer
rain
and last. And in the last two I have is Sadie and Gracie.
True. Okay. My cousin said jay was nice. Okay.
Xena.
Dude, I know, seen a damn so damn. I know, I know it's you know it's always been like my number one choice. Uh
vina. Yeah. Xena. Yeah.
for sure. Oh, I think I think you're right. You're right. Thank you. All right. I think you're a Xena. Yeah,
I like
you.
Exactly.
Yeah. You know you
know it's not it's like cool but it's like too far in the future or not. We're not there yet, unfortunately, we're not there yet. Yeah. All right. Well, I think we're past the mark, but yeah, it was really nice talking to you. Um
It's
so funny that you're actually Washington, it's kind of crazy. Um
I
know. I know. Uh Yeah, I think I'll be okay. I have the gear I have like the raincoat. I know it's like blasphemy nephews and brothers over here, so like, I know I'm I've done my research. Bernard.
I'm ready. I'm ready. All right. All right. Thank you so much for everything. Um I really appreciate your your vote for the name and uh say how to boot for me
already. You as well. Bye.