Hello? Yeah yeah can you hear me? All right?
Yes she can.
Doing good. And you?
Oh you're from Washington to what? Are you
okay? Nice. Nice. Nice. I'm in that tiny city that's been in city in the tray cities area.
Oh um I'm not quite sure. I'm in the east like the southeast part of Washington state. So um like there's the tri cities area that's richland kennewick Pasco. It's yeah.
Um I want to say about an hour or two.
Yeah about an hour give or take. So
yeah. Yeah. Pretty fun. So the non evergreen part of the state
it's kind of like a desert.
It is pretty crazy. It's just funny because I grew up in this area too. And so a lot of people are like oh you're from Washington. That must be so pretty with all the nice you know find trains and I'm like well it is in the west. It's because
yeah it's because they have the, I forget which they have the mountains that go through the state, the mountains that go through the state, so all the rain comes in from the ocean side
and
so it doesn't pass the costume pass over the mountains, it was just so dry in this area because of that
Oh wow. Oh wow, that's pretty cool. How is it in florida? Yeah
Hey
Yeah, I tried to give each state the benefit of the doubt, but you know, florida does have the
notorious
forever.
it
That's pretty cool though, the beaches must be really nice.
I'm crazy
So that's really cool
there's
time
to go.
Oh I know
that is
Yeah, well like I said uh southeast part of Washington, it is, it is going to look like pretty much like a dry desert. It's gonna be pretty, it's gonna be pretty different. I mean I mean I would say I mean it's not like your typical like you imagine like texas or new Mexico and the huge practices and everything. Um But there I mean there are some places where practice you can find cactus here in the tri cities area. So
lot
of people, a lot of people don't realize that a lot of people don't realize is saying.
Yeah. I know Washington is a pretty crazy state when
it comes
to.
Have you been to have you been to Mount rainier yet? It's so
beautiful.
You have to you have to of course we're getting into the colder weather now. But you have to you have to when things warm up unless you like hiking in the cold. I have never done that myself, but
that's
true,
that's true.
I gotcha.
Maybe. Oh yeah, no, and I think it depends from winter to winter, sometimes some winters are warmer than others um Not too bad, but you definitely have to be careful for the roads because those
can be a nightmare here, so. Oh yeah.
Oh, no worries. Um So right now because of Covid, I'm just kind of on a break right now. Um I mean I've been I've been doing school and going into education um you know going as a teacher. Um But yeah, yeah, but with like I said with everything going on
and
Oh, I was kind of thinking like elementary like 2nd grade, the ideal.
Well you have to hear, you have to hear me out at the reason why I'm doing I want to aim for second grade is because they're young enough to still love you, but they're old enough to know the rules, so
they're not quite rebellious yet.
But, but in the meantime, so what I've been, what I've been doing in the meantime, I've been doing a lot of freelance
work with art. I absolutely love drawing. It wasn't
something I was originally like, it was just, it was always a hobby of mine. But I had a, I had a friend kind of start up by like, hey, I really like your work, can you do this for me? And then before I knew it, it just kind of build off from there. So I might, I don't know, I might continue with it. I'll have to see
how that goes.
that's cool.
That's fun.
Yeah. Yeah, it's definitely a fun hobby. So I've been doing that in the meantime and then I've been um I've also been just doing stuff like um like here with prolific or or a few other websites too, so and this,
so I haven't done any um quite commercial graphic design yet. Um I want to eventually get to that point, but I am doing um like for example, I did just take on a project recently. Um I'm kind of starting to get to the final point of it wrapping it up. Uh This person has been writing a
book and she's taking me on to do the artwork for her book, so I've been doing that for her, so thank
you.
That is pretty cool.
Thank you. Thank
you. I just, I consider if your luck.
Oh yeah, no, I certainly have. I've done um I had a few years of college in Utah
and um I visited, I visited new york last year before the pandemic broke out. So so I was, I was pretty lucky there, I was pretty lucky there. Um I'm also um like how you were saying you were born in cuba actually um I have, I have friends from there. I haven't been there, I haven't been there, but I do have, my mom is from Peru just talking about latin, you know
and and culture. Um My mom is from Peru and so I've been to prove a few times to visit my family down there. It's been, it's been a lot of fun. Um and then then I did a study abroad in Japan for for
for a summer.
it was really amazing. It was really amazing.
It was, it
was
um not Tokyo actually. Um
It was, it was kind of the mid mid south part of Japan. But we just
kept we um yeah, yeah, we were
around
Osaka. So um we also, we also want to um we went to kyoto. We want to uh
nada uh we also want to um what
is it called?
Oh and we went to Hiroshima as well. So that was really,
that was, it was very surreal. It it was like you could just feel in the environment, you know, just the history there. Just like bam. It was, it was, it was pretty crazy. Um My group, my group of the group of students that were with with me were kind of laughing because you know, we're all all from Washington and some were from again the tri cities area. And one of the things that tri cities is also known for, we have Hanford and that's where, that's where some of the atomic bombs were developed is Yeah. Yeah. That's where they store though. That's actually where a lot of the waste has been stored is in Hanford. So um if you ever go to the tri cities, you might hear stuff about like it's jokes about radiation and like, like animals that glow in the dark
and stuff.
It's not true. It's
not
true. But that's another that's another thing, if you ever if you ever go to the east side, you might see some of that here and there. But but we there's a high school, there's a high school in in Richland uh that they, you know, everybody has their mascots and everything. They call themselves because they're right next to hampered. They call themselves the Richland bombers. Yeah. Yeah. And one of the students, one of the students from our group uh was from, I did go to ritual in high school and so he's like, I'm so glad we, when we came over here to visit this day, I had my Richland bombers shirt, you know, I'm so glad I didn't wear, I didn't realize how weird or how that would have been.
Yeah, a lot of people like that, I don't know when that school was built, but a lot of people are like, they need to change that a
little
little
over
you.
exactly. But yeah, no, it was, it was really amazing. Osaka. I definitely, I highly recommend it. It was a beautiful big city. Uh, it was, it was really amazing being able to see the different
places
and I,
so, so it was, it was a study, it was a study abroad and we, we taught um, it was related with the teaching pro, with the teaching program I'm a part of. So we also taught, we taught english to middle school and high school students, so. Yeah.
Oh that's really cool.
fun.
that's pretty cool.
That's pretty cool. What friend calls with?
Yeah. Yeah and and I heard um I heard driven shepherds that they can be very well trained dogs but they do require a little more work than some other breeds. Is that true?
Well
listen.
The.
Exactly. Exactly. For real.
I know, I try to I try to treat it that way with my dog so. Yeah, no they definitely they can definitely can be a big responsibility, but hey, I like I personally with me with the pandemic, I've had more time to spend with my dogs, so it's been really nice.
that's gonna that's that's so nice.
Yeah. How old is the puppy gonna be when you get the puppy?
eight weeks. Oh wow, how fun. Yeah I haven't I haven't worked um I haven't had a dog that young before when I got the dog initially, so so I know puppies are a lot more work, they start mellowing out when they get old.
yeah yeah. Yeah so so with me um I have um I have a, well I have I have two dogs, I have a senior, she's she's a she's a mix, she's uh she's a chihuahua wiener dog mix.
So,
So um so she's she's been a good dog throughout the years, like I said she's a senior now, I want to say she's like 11 or so, so she's she's starting to get into the, into the old age, she's she's definitely acting like a scene with her barking and her attitude. Um And then my other dog is a, she's she's three years old right now. She's also a mixed, she is um she's she's a pit bull and a lab, so she's a lot of fun, she's so much fun.
Yeah, she is, she's just so playful and loving. She's like the best thing for
in fact,
in fact after after we're done with this conversation, I'm gonna I'm gonna run her for a bit. She loves, she loves laser pointer, she's like a mad addict every
night, every night. She'll be like, you know, she'll be like sitting where she knows where it hangs, she knows where I have it hanging every night and she'll just sit by there and she'll look at me like
you are, are you going to take me? So
that's kind of
it's
kind of become
tonight Rachel,
her name is Bill. Yeah. Yeah yeah she's she's like completely black except for she has some white spots here and there and her toes are like right so
Oh that's pretty.
jade sounds
good.
They're
both feminine to me so
Yeah they are Okay.
Same, it's a pretty one too
dirty and greasy. Mm I do I do really like um I don't think you could go wrong with like Jada Jada
and then what was what was the first one again? Okay.
Xena, Xena sounds pretty cool for a dog.
Yeah. See I I think you I think that would be a good dog name right there.
especially in the german shepherd, she could pull that off really good.
and it's
like
it's like well what when do you get the chance to use such a cool name Anyway, so okay.
Like like if you have a child down down the lane and it's a daughter, okay. I can name her jade. You know, I can't really, I don't know about Xena so much.
Six.
The same here. Same
here.
Oh, I know, I know. I've had two previous conversations in the past because they started at the very beginning of october and they've, they've been like, they've been, you know, just in different, completely different states. So this was just hearing you have been in oh specific standard time. I was like, oh I wonder if he's real Washington and yeah, sure enough. So that's pretty cool. Hey, I wish you the best of luck with your time here. And especially with the your first winter, your first
Washington Windsor. So
yep. And layers certainly definitely layer up. So that helps. Done.
I will you take care.