Hey morning, how are you? Did you hear me?
Yeah. Hey, can you hear me?
Okay? Good. Uh Sorry, these are new, these are not the normal headphones are used. Okay, how you doing today?
thank
you.
What kind of animals do? Yeah.
Do you raise them for like fruit and stuff or you just you just raise them?
Mhm.
nothing. Oh,
thank
you.
Yeah. Well that's it. So I have a buddy of mine who has goat, well he has a I guess he calls it a hobby for him, so he does like goats and he he uses the goats for like he makes cheese and milk and I think so, possibly maybe. Uh but he also has all these little baby goats running around and on the weekends people come over there and do yoga. Um they call it goat yoga and evidently I don't get it, but when you post pictures on the internet, you know, it's tons of people out there doing it. So
What
happened?
So
I'm trying
to
Yeah, I'm trying to, what big city is, is there a big city in the texas panhandle?
Okay. I know the song but I never, I guess I haven't ever been been there for any reason. Yeah. Mhm.
Okay. I have been allergic. That's that's
Yeah.
I was
just trying to
get some considered visualization. Yeah.
So if you were going to fly to like anywhere, like a big somewhere where you can drive to Oklahoma city to the airport or
I
don't know. Oh.
Get to work.
that's the big airport. Yeah. And and
and it's a big city traffic is, my uncle lives in um shoot right at Fort Worth. It used to be when we go down and visit him. It was like two completely separate, you know, Dallas and Fort Worth now. It's almost like one big, one big together. So
got
it.
I've been there, I've
been there
times for, for sports games man. It's a beautiful, beautiful study in front place. Yeah.
Okay.
he
gets higher and higher and higher. Yeah, it's huge.
There's a lot of money. So, um, my dad played football Arkansas way back like in the 60s and that was when our, they were in the same conference today. And that's the only reason I say that. And so growing up, Arkansas was still in that conference and we could go watch and play. And I just remember seeing college station when they were, when I was eight and you saw it, I'm sure every day. But today it's it's night date. I mean it's completely
where's
ana
and
somebody was somebody at that state, that school just has a uh basically an unlimited amount of money. Um I don't know whether it's donors of the state or a llama or something or who knows if it's even true. Um I
just
said that they got so much financial support that they can just get anything they want pretty much.
No.
Have you guys ever hear?
mm.
Yeah. Yeah, no, I get it. But uh I've heard all that, my dad grew up in that time and he was I'd say well he was good enough to play college sports, so that would save thing, but he wasn't anywhere near like some of these really good, what all I'm saying is this, he was a mediocre athlete who got money to go to Arkansas so I couldn't imagine what type of money that the good people were getting. You know what I mean? So um so anyway well how
did
go ahead?
I read I read I read that book and watch the movie. Um I don't necessarily care for I mean it was just something I read but
Yeah I've never watched a series. I mean.
pretty much so. I mean I love I'm not pretty much now since Covid came became not addicted but I watch a lot of T. V. A whole lot when you know what if it's on netflix I've probably seen it uh netflix amazon prime who lose all that crap and my kids watch Disney so I have this I can I can recite all the Disney lines of every every freaking movie there is right now. Probably so.
Yeah.
There's really
not.
Yeah.
I mean
do they have like the car you know all the classical Disney movies? Uh and then a bunch of cartoons and stuff like uh an 18 year old would watch. The only thing I can imagine maybe would be the superhero stuff, but I don't
I don't
know if
they
get
Yeah, I haven't I haven't watched that yet. Um But I was trying to wait till my oldest son will be six and I was trying to wait watch it with him. Uh And we try I watched one episode. He's like a question question question so like whatever I'm just I'm just waiting. So. Yeah.
No, I live in Memphis
Tennessee. I live in Memphis Tennessee but it's right there on the border of uh Arkansas so
it's
No
crap.
What
goes on
at MIT?
What goes on in Memphis texas Farman? Okay. Yeah.
No.
Hey
so
so
where were you if you wanted to go grocery something? Would you drive to where?
I've
never
heard
it.
Yeah, I haven't
heard of that.
Hey.
So there's
a bunch of options then. We're not a bunch
but
there's more than I was thinking okay
because
of Covid or just to shut it down.
Yeah.
I'll
do yeah.
So
um so when I was the last time I was in love it um I was talking to I went a little bit for I mean I've been there for football games but I was there for work with in the past, I don't know, year or actually since. Covid a couple of years. Anyway. I was talking to a guy and he lives a little bit outside of love, but like 30 minutes and he was telling me um that he came, I don't remember what city he used to live in, but whatever city it was, he couldn't like, it was hard for him to get ups and Fedex packages. Like they outsource them to the post office. So if you order something, is that an issue with you where you are?
So do
they have their own trucks that they have to outsource it to the post office like in my neighborhood?
You see an amazon truck?
that
must be
what he was talking about because
interesting.
Well
you just said something and hopefully nothing like this ever happened. But I'm sure it has to have somebody 3500 people if you've got hunting accident or just anything ran over your leg of the lawnmower, you have to go an hour to the hospital man.
Yeah.
How early
you're
I bet. I mean you're probably nervous. Yeah. Golly that would that would be deep. I mean so I watched this. I often think I want to live around nobody because L. A. Nobody obviously. Uh But
yeah but then I think about stuff like that, that would be like the only thing that I would see. I mean I'm sure there's more than that, but that would be a big one and then like our kids schools and stuff like how does that work out? But outside of that, I would love not to be around people. Uh So, I mean, I'm in the neighborhood and we have like a normal suburban neighborhood, hundreds of houses in there, right? Nobody talks. It's not like when I grew up we were out in the front yard playing and playing. You knew all the neighbors. Yeah, I don't these names, I don't, I think I know my next door neighbors on both sides and that's probably it. And I've been there for 11 years. Um
Thank
you.
Yeah.
No.
My
snack.
jeez.
So can you, can you even grow
vegetables? I mean you mentioned dirt, I mean, so it's easy to okay. I don't know if the heat would, would
Do y'all y'all
grossed
up there also or just animals?
Uh
I have kale growing have carol and I have happy still a few lettuces, but I can tell us about the end that's about have some tomatoes that are, you know, that were green and that will be done soon and then that's it. It's always sad when it's
the last
of the yeah.
Hey?
Company?
Yeah.
I've never had success with, I mean actually I can do coriander or not uh was was coriander or cilantro, I could do cilantro and dill everything else. I cannot, I cannot, I can't do you have to literally by the plant that's already your own and I just can't, I've never had success. I don't know why they're so hard. Well for me they are.
I
wish I
had,
I wish
I could have that my I love, I love rosemary and lavender, I mean on
that's
some,
sounds
good.
All
All right,
nah,
man,
that sounds
good. So we
make, so we're italian heritage, I may not look it, but my grandparents on both sides from Italy. So we we've done, we make our own noodles and stuff back when I was little, they made them all the time. Now we just do it like holidays or uh or or
covid.
I mean we made, we made, I made so many noodles over the past three months and you know, I give him the fringe or whatever, but because it's really easy,
I mean it's just messy,
his only thing. Um
We could,
I
like, I
like mine thick, I mean I like mine thick and not all will be done, I mean a little bit less and I was just, nobody else does that, my family, but that's how I like mine. Even like when we make a ravioli and something like, well I'll make ravioli for,
so it depends on the audience, but like I was just making a bunch that you give out to people, I would put uh ground beef, either ground ville or ground pork, any combination of the two or all three. Um Probably ricotta cheese and then some type of spinach. Either italian spinach that's all paid or some type of green um That's that's the most that's the most common, you know egg and breadcrumbs to make the mixture but that's the most common.
and so we all roll them and then I'll get my little
scoop
and
I
don't know so this
is like a
uncommon take, I don't even like cheese ravioli. Uh
I like I mean I would prefer to be like um just some sort of meat like maybe even spicy italian sausage or meet and then green and then if I want cheese I'll put it in the sauce and put it on top. But um it's just how I mean I like it's just me, you know growing up tried every freaking type of radio you can think of. So my
Well
that's I've never even heard of that sounds delicious
that's right.
Hi.
It's
for
me I don't even have one of those someone who got a permit for christmas or something uh to me one second sorry my sister's in labor I think I wanna answer this. Give me 30 seconds. Okay. Hey what's up? Hello? Yeah okay let me try back in two minutes. Okay so yeah my sisters yeah going into labor and my wife had to go pick her up so they're on the way. Um
it? Okay.
All
right well hey um that was a weird timing but I really did enjoy enjoy it and that good luck to you and everything and who knows if we do do
it again
we might come across the path of another country's calls so. Yeah.
All
We'll see you. Bye.
Being regulated. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah,
me
neither. I was hoping you were
I guess up.
I'm just gonna exit
out if it messes any. Okay. All right,
I
see