Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, wow. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My my like Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. What? Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah. What?
Hi,
I could hear you
I'm okay. I'm okay. I've had a long
day
already. Um I have animals, so I get up before dark and go out and feed them and water them and chase them around.
Mm I've got sheep, goats, Allama, chickens, turkeys, ducks, a couple of dogs, a teenager.
So it's a it's a working
goat and sheep ranch. Currently I only have two goats um and their milk goats so we won't eat them, but I just I just spent Oh I think it was like 12 hours processing a giant sheep.
maybe
three weeks ago, man,
it was it was we usually take them somewhere, but now with all the covid and stuff we just have to do it ourselves and it was the first time I'd processed such a large animal, I'll do the chickens and the ducks and stuff myself, but for a like a four legged one now. Um I've processed dear before, but after they were skinned and gutted so I had to do everything from scratch and it took forever.
Well, I would absolutely do go yoga. I'm not gonna do it
out here because
this is the texas, panhandle and it's dirt and stickers, that's it. But and and and if it walks, flies crawls, breathes it bites. And I mean it's, we're basically in Australia. So
I
can't
write doing goat yoga with horse flies or deer for long.
Amarillo,
Amarillo is lubbock. Um
So those are probably the two biggest, Yeah, I,
I don't live in a city I live. I
think
that,
yeah, it's about three hours from Oklahoma City, so it's further to Dallas than it is to Oklahoma.
No, Amarillo has an airport. Um We actually took a family vacation a couple
years
and discovered that it was cheaper to drive to Los Angeles
san Francisco new york, something like that even then to drive to Dallas, if you need a big international thing then Dallas is the one you would go to. But I I try to avoid Dallas got,
it's horrible.
yeah, yep, lots of
city when
I, when I was growing up I lived in college station which is between Austin Dallas and Houston. No,
I wasn't
huge, so
uh
so Kyle Field was tiny back when I was going to school, but that was in the eighties, so I guess they just completely revamped
it and and
bryan college station, I mean when I grew up there were still like swimming holes with ropes, swings and they're all publican lots and crap now, so I mean, Yeah.
Yeah, there's there's like freeways and stuffed
and
scary
in there.
I
don't know.
So when, when I
was in high school,
my stepfather was a professor there at A and M and there were just so many scandals about coaches buying the players and you know, buying them cars and just all kinds of stuff and I'm not really
into sports balls, so.
Well,
I know this
is texas, so friday night lights, high school football is almost bigger than college football here. Yeah.
I don't think they saw the movie, I saw the series.
I just hope opera.
Yeah. I was offered a Disney
plus for a year for free through Verizon and I kind of got on there and I was just like I don't think I'm gonna watch any of this stuff. My kids are My my baby is going to be 18 next month so I'm not
I
think the only reason I had kids was so that I could watch the Disney film but yeah not
so much anymore you
know
I
do
the
mandatory
in.
that makes sense. So you said you said Arkansas, is that is that what you're
what?
I've
got a Memphis about 27 miles away from me.
It's
not going to Memphis tech there isn't everything Texas Paris Egypt, you name it Nazareth,
there's everything texas,
there's
a happy texas. Yeah.
Well Memphis is a lot bigger
than the town that's closest to me which is about population 2000. Um Memphis is a different county, there's only like 3500 in our county. So um I don't know what goes on there. They used to have a really neat doughnut
shop but
I think the guy that we used to have to drive to Memphis to get doughnuts until
some more.
No there's grocery shopping and Clarendon, the grocery store and the ace hardware store are in the same building. So and then there's a dollar general, there was a family dollar but they went out of business. Um We got an all seps.
I don't
know
if they
have.
I think
our texas. Yeah texas only. Um So we've got one
too three gas stations and convenience stores
and
there
are
there are there's a sonic drive in. There used to be a dairy queen but
they shut that down. Um.
no dairy queen, dairy queen franchise shut down all of the tiny town dairy queens. So I mean dairy queen is still like, if you go to a city that can support the dairy queen, you'll still find one, but not Not in like population 2000, there just weren't enough sales, especially with that when it was nasty, it was dirty, it was gross. I mean we go there every once in a while, but yeah.
Um Let's see, there's Shonda snack shack where my friends, Shonda will make you something to eat. Um I've actually never eaten there,
but
then they just started in the last five years or so, they've started this big uh flea market type thing called the whistle stop. And there's a there's a bar with a big tv and sometimes they do live music, that's horrible, and
you can get like barbecue stuff there, so.
I get most of the stuff that I have to buy that is not, I mean we're an hour away from any walmart, so you know that we're an hour away from hospitals, Children's in Amarillo. Um So yeah, I do a lot of amazon
And
you
no they don't have amazon trucks, It usually comes through ups or Fedex and then ups and Fedex outsource, you can see furniture, moving trucks to rental. You know like writer, you haul that kind of stuff. They come in those kinds of
trucks
too.
So yeah,
so the post office actually is, it's tiny but we're the county seat, so you know, we get good mail delivery and we're only about we're only about a mile to the to the city line, so we still get pretty good delivery and stuff like
that.
they have a clinic, they have an ambulance service, they have a volunteer fire department. But yeah
it takes my husband had to go in the ambulance recently uh last March but he he had to go in the ambulance and I actually beat them to the hospital. So.
so but you
know I've got a heavy foot.
Yeah I don't like.
We've been here for 10 years. Um and but but we can tell like when Covid first started um my husband works at a space so he's considered essential. He kept going to work and he kept
bringing
home these stories of all these foreigners come in and foreigners being not from here. You know people from Dallas and foreigners but uh
coming in and buying stuff and he says and you can tell they're not from here, people were coming from Amarillo to come grocery shopping. Um And and that's insane because usually people from here drive to Amarillo to get things that you can't get here. Usually the stuff that our grocery store gets its bottom of the barrel anyway. You know if you go in the fruit and vegetable aisle you see you know whole bunch of lettuce, carrots, celery and then like apples and it spread out so it looks like there's variety but really there's no variety. And uh so people were coming and just grabbing stuff until the store here made a policy. You can
only buy two of anything. You know what it is, if you're going to buy apples, get to that's
it. So
um it's a small enough town that we recognize the regulars. Uh I have a friend, she's been here 43 years and she's still not considered a local.
So it's it's a.
honey.
It's not easy because it's very dry up here and I mean if it gets up to 30% humidity, I am dying. I'm just like drowning. And and people down south, even down south in texas, they laugh at me, they're like, oh my God it's 100% humidity here when it's not raining. I don't understand how you can have 100% humidity and it not rain. But you know it's like math. So um yes, if you have water and the time and the patients about
anything
up here.
Yeah. You have a little garden. The only thing that's still growing right now is Kale. I just call it a little kitchen garden. But yeah, we had a good year this year. Her beans didn't do real well. But um and we got some peas and we got kale and we got swiss chard and we have strawberries and grapes and you know fruit trees, apricots and peaches and stuff like that. Um But yeah the
kale is still growing and I'm happy about that. I do kill in the morning so I have to get enough, I have to harvest enough to cook it and uh Yeah.
and
it
we had a we had a freak ice storm um just a week, week and a half ago, something like that and I mean it wasn't snow, there was no snow involved, it was ice rain, it wasn't even sleep, it was just like raining, you know just just just close to hail and everything froze and the kale froze and the tomatoes froze and it was so neat because just the I sort of encased everything and I took wonderful pictures of the little tomatoes encased in ice meant my herbs growing, they
were all encased in ice. And it was really beautiful. It was cold as cold, it was very cold. And uh yeah the kale, the green leaves
that were on their um
frozen died, but there's still a little green shoots, I mean it will make it through the winter as long as it gets so.
Yeah, any of the mints um they they're like weeds, they take over, we've got rosemary bushes all over the place, they also there like a weed, they just keep growing
growing
no
matter
what
lavender, I haven't had good luck with the rosemary, I have enough of that. I actually made rosemary jelly to go on the lam that we could, it's
kind of amazing.
And and from this year's harvest I made habanero jalapeno,
pepper jelly.
Um and that goes really well on the lam is it's
pretty hot and there's a lot of happy heroes in it. I made a really good pasta sauce, I call it the killer sauce because I invented it um when
I was writing and I I was writing a character who's a serial killer, but he's also like a food
snob. And
so he, he cooked this meal um using all these everything that I had in the garden at the time. All the squatch, all the bell peppers, all the habanero peppers, onions, garlic, all of that. I just roasted that and then stuck it in with the tomatoes and it made awesome. Such good sauce. Um yeah,
so,
and then I made the noodles, so
no, I'm
making, yeah,
the first,
it's super easy,
it's super easy, especially
if you get one of those, you know, noodle maker things for the first time I made him, I actually had to cut them and you know they were thick and
yeah they were weird but they were delicious.
So
what do you put in your ravioli? What do you use for stuffing?
Kind of make it stick together.
I don't
have
I dont ricotta cheese, I can make some probably when the girls are in milk. But I do I do have Chev
that I've made just the goat cheese.
So
now
what?
Well I have the I have the ravioli forms but I haven't yet made any I make I I got on the sour dough train because no yeast and there was no yeast here, like none. So I just pulled it out of the air and and so I make a sour dough noodle that's half white,
half wheat.
It is very good. Um My girls aren't laying, so I don't have any eggs, so if I want to make noodles I have to go buy eggs and then I might as well just go by the noodles.
But
yeah I got the I got when I got the noodle maker I got the little ravioli form thing that long strip and then you I guess put the stuff in there and I really want to make them. I'm a little nervous
to move them
but.
Good. It's been 25 minutes
go. Yeah it
has.
Thank
you.
Who knows?
Who knows?
Take it easy.
Okay. I don't know
how to hang up.
What? Oh yeah
I'm going back.
I'm
that
might
work.