Yeah, yeah, but you know. Okay. Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm It's like, it's like,
hello?
I'm
good, how are you?
I don't know. I never know. I uh huh
my name is Robin and I'm from Kentucky.
I've never been to North Dakota,
but I think
that
you have a lot of ending in people there and uh pipeline stuff going on, don't you? Mm
Except
from
Not that I know of, I don't think so. I think the tears took them. Uh I mean, I don't know their, their eradicated, they were here though because Daniel, my relative, I'm related to daniel Boone and he was friends with the indians, but you know, they fought the indians in Kentucky. So there was some pretty bloody battles
I am,
that's
different.
Yeah,
he related directly through the grandparents to, directly through the grandparents of his sister married William bryan of brian station, you know, they settled bryan station. So that brian's and the booms, I'm repeated on both sides. Uh But he's like my seventh great uncle uh and his sister is my seventh great grandmother. That's how my uncles.
direct line. Uh
And little kids, they always told us we were related to daniel Boone because we would go up to where one of the battles were fought, which I didn't know at the time, that's what it was, but it was blue licks. And so when I got we got into the family history and I thought well I ran into the D. A. R. Ladies at the library and they go well we can check that and prove that that's true or not because I didn't really know if it was true. You know, I just thought maybe they were pulling my leg and it was so I got all the documents
to prove it, copies of all the marriage and that certificates, Birth certificates, like 10 generations.
What? Well
I did
do
part, but now now we're onto the D. N. A. Part. But.
I've
done
I've done the D I've done the
DNA
for a couple of years because that's kind of a natural
way to evolve once you've worked your family tree out so far, the DNA can be helpful. You know if you have some brick walls or if it's african american descent or native american that can help them, you know find people and narrow it down and also narrow ground if you really, you know like uh you don't know what your DNA says until you get it because a lot of times the family stories are wrong. People think they're german or indian, everybody thinks they're indian. Yeah. Everybody
so.
All
it's
uh sometimes they'll run specials where you can get it for like $59 and
but if you watch on if you're on facebook they'll show it up. I follow this guy called the D. N. A. Advisor and he always share all of them when they run specials. But he also is really good and learning to understand the DNA because it's very complex. But if you test ancestry, that's the easiest site because once you put in your family tree where you know like little uh you know the Greenleaf will come up and give you hints so it'll lead you and it's much easier on ancestry and it's very user friendly. It's very simple, you just have to implement yourself to it and you can go ahead now and set up a family tree on there. That's free.
And then all you do is connect
well I tell everybody everybody needs a family tree and I've done many family trees for people because it's so simple. You just start with you and then your parents then their parents and I worked the grandparents back as far back as I can go and then I add on everybody else because I want to get as far back as quick as I can. But they're not if you haven't because uh and also families search uh is on the internet.
That's the later day Saints, all of their documents are free. So you can, you really should do this because the ancestry you have to like join to get into the documents like you know I mean you can do some stuff on here but on families search all those documents are free like the census and the marriage records and all that. So you should do both.
I
got
it.
You can tell I really I get excited about it because I have a lot of passion about family history. I think everybody should know where they're from if they can find out. Yeah.
Everybody.
Oh.
All
This is exactly
Fuck.
Well
What happened?
that's
great.
It's
hard
it's gonna take a lot of work and a lot of people that everybody has to do a little bit. You know everybody needs to do their part.
Well we're all mixed race. I mean I have my grandchildren are mixed. Uh Their their fathers are african american. But a lot of prejudice white people if they do their DNA they can have black D. N. A. Or you know other ethnic groups, D. N. A. They're not 100% white. Nobody I don't think it's 100% why? I mean there probably
are
people that are 99 in the 99 percentile. But the most part we're all mixed. We are all mixed. And even like
my grandchildren, that generation is all going to be a lot more mixed than my age group because there was a lot more you know. So I think that's.
Yeah.
I preserve it. I'm at the point now where I'm working on a project for Kentucky. Uh We have a website with all their historical asylums and institutions. All that is preserved because some of the work I do volunteer mainly I volunteer is uh on behalf of people with disabilities. So we wanted that history. So they couldn't erase it. Because if that history was gone, that history, if we didn't say that it would have been gone. Because nobody wanted that history out there because it's not pretty. You know, it's very
and we got the newspaper articles. We basically told those stories. And there was a lot of people in unmarked graves buried at those cemeteries. So we named all the ones we could that we could find out certificates for. So we we did a virtual memorial. Uh So yeah, kind of goes along with that, you know. But important because as we age we become more disabled and that's what I try to send home to people. Look anybody can become a member of the disability community at any given time. You can have a stroke right now. Any of us. You know anything can happen, stuff does happen cancer. I mean anything can disable you. Mental illness. Mhm. Right.
You know.
Yeah.
Walk.
No.
Uh Yeah this I've done a couple of these actually this is probably my last one. You can only do four and it was him.
like
it's bringing I wish they would do more of these because it's it's nice to talk to other people from other areas and. Uh huh
I guess they go back and listen to it or something. Do you think they
get?
Well
you know
that
the best person I talked to said that too but I think they go by time slots who's available when I think that's what they got to do. I don't they're not really taking information on us to
compare two patches.
We're
that
is
weird.
just because one time like you know if somebody doesn't show up then I didn't get rescheduled. Uh So I thought a lot of it he had to do with time slot availability because you've got to give them a lot of different days and times. So I was thinking they went by that mainly because just trying to match everybody up in that short of you know it's a very short period of time within 24 hours where they matches. So I just figured it went by who's available at what time this book people and then picked from there maybe. I didn't I mean I don't know it would
be
out.
I just
got
notified
an
hour.
I got notified an hour before this was scheduled.
Yeah that's the first time that's ever happened. Mhm.
Yeah they didn't tell me it. I got an email and it was the email, you know how they give you the length the hour before. But the time was with that link like I'm like well it's a good thing I was available.
Uh And then the person
I
had
last time he
was
the first partner I ever had. He talked the whole
time I say nothing, nothing.
And he talked about this project the whole time, the same
shit,
the virus and his kids not being his kid not being able to go to school, but his wife is a housewife anyway and he's working at home and he's that's what he's talking the whole time about you know his reasoning and why that he shouldn't, the kids shouldn't go to school, I'm like well that's a no brainer. Of course the kids kids should be going to school right now, home
school and then I did that 20 years ago, come on, you know, it's not rocket science improvised if you're a parent,
you know?
it
was
so
hard.
that's so hard for this prison 2020 that was rough on them. Oh
can
result,
you know, kids at that, that's that's what's good about kids, they that pretty quick.
are
smart.
Thank
you.
I know they just
set
up University of Louisville uh is making all of their students test, take the test for the virus before they come in. My one uh cousins going down there, but I think you're right, I would sit out because that's away from school, but a couple of my friends uh you know, younger friends that they took the kid down that they were on scholarship though, so maybe that's different than maybe get to go. I don't know. It was That's
hard.
No,
because that's close
because they had
anyway,
they always
know.
No.
We
couldn't
get a bad person, but they can go to school.
it's
money. The money. It's about money.
Well, our governor has been real good, but they're on him because he had shut it down and uh they were threatening him and stuff because of that. And now, right now we have to wear a mask if we go out at all and you know,
anywhere everybody's got to wear masks and they're showing
him over that like they're violating the rights. Yeah,
that's
So it's
frustrating because you know basically I stay in I mean I go out and I do a click list, I pick up a click list on groceries that's like you know, the highlight of the week is picking up my groceries at the Uh
huh.
it is.
It's
hard.
I
don't
know.
Uh huh. How do they add in there? I think we've lost human companion compassion, empathy and compassion for our fellow man. And that goes back to inclusion, what we were talking about where everybody in society is included and given a fair chance and treated equally that set off cited. You know, it's like people with disabilities way down here, black people I know it is way down here. Gay people wait, well they're coming up, but you know what I mean? Most of the minority groups are way down here and then all the other people that are privileged are up here. There's probably no
middle
more.
at
that time, Right. Let's use them as guinea pigs,
National.
That's
not
okay because they've got to come under strict medical and ethics guidelines before they do those vaccines so that can be questioned and I'm sure it will be because that is not right. That would be like to test the, that's what they deal with people with disabilities. They tested those vaccines on black people too. You know, the trials, Muskegon trials up. But they did that the tour and they still do that. But I do a little bit, you know, I know a little bit more. But there is really strict ethics for genetics and stuff. And I bet they'll catch that because that is very obvious their target. It's like they're targeting a specific.
Well,
that's awful. The
indians
got treated worse than anybody and they still have, I mean they're almost they almost made them extinct. Really?
Are not doing well even with the reservations, a little bit of land. I know it's sad. And they have a high rate of alcoholism to and drug abuse.
26.
People born.
I will
definitely
will.
The timer just went off. I always set a timer. Mhm.
Well, yesterday
his camera went off, so I didn't just ended after that because it was at the end almost anyway. so but it was
and then you say I mean he was
all time anyway so it didn't matter like.
thank
you. I feel
that way.
do the D. N. A. And if you ever want to connect up with me the website is Kentucky. Hi. It's K. Y. H. I. It's W. W. W. K. Y. H. I. Kentucky high.
Not
to
work
Kyi
smart.
Okay. Good luck. Yeah.
All