tom Hi there,
how are
you today?
I'm good. Is it to bright behind me? Maybe? Yeah.
well my name is Cameron and I'm in North Dakota, where you from? And who are you?
Okay? I've never been to Kentucky.
Me.
Well, you
know, we got something.
Yeah, actually that's uh, I grew up in that area in Mandan, North Dakota, which is about 40 miles south of Mandarin is where the 4 48 indian reservation is. Yeah, I went there uh, that year of no Dapple, I went down there one thanksgiving. Just helped hand out food. There was uh, jane fonda was there. We served, yeah, that was kind of neat, but uh, but yeah, no, I uh, I grew up there and kind of all that and the land is really pretty. Um and yeah, it would just be a mess. It's kind of still a mess. But yeah, we don't get to make all those decisions, but we can voice our concerns I suppose, you know? Okay
although
the reparations it's kind of broken. That's that's pretty sad you know don't know if you know a lot about the uh do you guys have indian reservations in Kentucky at all?
yeah yeah. Okay but you're you're a descendant of daniel Boone Huh?
Yeah that's pretty neat.
That's right
that's a good story right there. Yeah that's yeah I didn't think I'd be talking to somebody related to daniel Boone today so that's pretty neat. Huh?
Um
it's great
straight line to you. That's pretty neat wow. Um.
that's me
that's awesome. So you don't even have to do an ancestry dot com.
you
kind of did it
on your own.
Did you order us? Did you order a DNA one? Did you did
you
do that?
I
did.
I mean
Yeah. Yeah. There's always a Cherokee princess right.
Yeah. It's funny I read I read something about that Cherokee princess that's more than likely just a story passed down from generation
to generation. That's what I read about. Yeah. It's kind of funny. I want to do one of those, I want to do one of those DNA things because I think mine would be pretty interesting because I came here I'm like first generation, I came with my parents from the kurdish part of Iraq and so yeah, so I was like, I don't know, I'm sure there's a con mixed in with my DNA somewhere. Like you know when Genghis khan was always, I just want to see the different uh because the kurdish areas like Byzantine empire right for civilization. So I want to know how far back, I can actually figure it out, but it would be interesting,
you know what's up?
They sit around the holidays I think. Yeah.
But
you might parent to me.
And
Yeah. I bet
I'll
do that
right after this.
Yeah. It would
probably clear up a lot of like the mess that we have, like for example, in the country right now, as far as like, you know, the diversity lines, right? How some people don't appreciate it. Some people, you know, appreciate it too much. It's tough, right? And
I've been kind of a because in bismarck north Dakota where I grew up,
I was on the
I was appointed by some people and then nominated by people and then appointed by the mayor for um it was a human relations committee because the diversity in bismarck started to grow. It grew and it's funny it went from 99% white to 97% and that's what made them say, okay, let's attack it now before we have problems, you know? And and so that was actually really nice and I got to do a lot of things. There's like I did
a few town hall meetings and the first one was just about like because it was shortly after 9 11, so we talked about that kind of stuff. And then I had two more town hall meetings that were revolving around discrimination
in the area. And the biggest minority group we have in North Dakota is the native americans, right? And that one went off really, really well.
Yeah. I mean I still get invited out to different native american colleges and stuff to speak
on it. But yeah
we make
some land I guess you know So.
But uh.
Oh yeah. Yeah I think I just try to drive home that we all believe the same. So you know we are feelings and stuff and
we're
a great race.
Well and I think
Yeah. What do they call it? They call it the great race right? I mean that's kind of what we're becoming a great race. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Well because it's funny because like kurdish people were Aryan you know? But you try telling a nazi that I'm an Aryan, you know what I mean? So um they beg to differ but then I just have to tell them to read a book and then we'll see what happens, right? Um So yeah so it sounds like we found out like what you like to do for fun right? So you do you like to do like research and and stuff like that you really dive into into topics?
it's changed right?
Yeah.
Yeah. I mean there's plenty of it out there. Yeah there's a there's a big stigma on it in this country. Um And rather than embracing you know because everybody's everybody's a person
rather than embracing differences I think we we often find ourselves attacking those differences and it really it's a sad state
for us as people. I mean we're better than that right? I'm yeah you know I always tell people I'm like you know you don't have other lions just going out and killing other lions for fun. You know they don't just go do that because you know we don't have serial killer lions out there, but for some reason human beings do weird things like that, you know? Um It's it's bizarre. I don't know. I don't get it. Yeah, we think we're the best. So I don't know. We could probably learn something from mother nature if we just pay attention. I think so. How long have you been doing this? Have have you done
one of these before?
this will be my third one. Um But I did want a long long time ago and then I saw that rebooted it. So it's been very
interesting.
I love it.
I think
they do so I think they watch us, right? But I don't know. I don't know. It seems like uh you know, there's a huge pool of people out there, but it seems like everybody haven't matched up with. Like if we have never matched me up with somebody that's completely opposite from me. You know what I mean? Like that's the weird thing about it and I don't know what algorithm goes into picking the people but
whatever
it
is.
Well
the first time I did it I think there was a pre thing the first time I did and this was a long time ago and I I mean it was bizarre the guy that they matched me up at that time, it was just spot on. I mean the way I thought he thought it was just yeah down to like he was like in Swing choir when he was in college. Just like I was I mean it was way too creepy
for me, you know. Yeah
so
I don't
know where or if it's just unlocked but it's pretty impressive so if they're watching their. Yeah.
I
guess I don't either.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure either but whatever they're doing it's pretty bizarre I think like I did one last night and or no friday night I did one and then yeah I got matched with you today. So
that's
the quickest
turnaround
on
the,
are you serious?
because I was uh I was told last night.
so maybe they didn't have you matched with me last night and then they changed it, you see what I mean? It's just the story keeps getting better.
So
did
you do anything?
Go
ahead.
Was
This sounds an easy one for you. That's frustrating though isn't it? Yeah. Because if you're anything like me, yeah. That's frustrating a conversation. The conversation, right? I mean.
Did
he?
agreed.
Well
and it schools are finding out too as soon as they're opening up a week later just you know mayhem breaks out with this stuff for them. Yet they keep opening up. Like my daughter graduated high school last year and obviously
she's
supposed
to
start college right this year. Yeah. So she's not starting this semester. She's gonna she's gonna wait a semester before she starts and I am I highly encourage that to be honest you know?
They got ripped off pretty much. Yeah. But she's okay with it you know? I guess she's fine. She's
like
we just had her.
Yeah. She's ready. She's ready to take on the world but she's just gonna take it, take a step back before she does you
know?
And I'm bored with that because I would I would hate the additional stress of having her at college and possibly getting sick on top of everything else that's stressful in the world you know?
So
um so yeah I'm okay with it you know? I think if there was any other year I'd be like no you probably start right away but this year I think that's all right. Yeah.
You
know.
don't wanna miss
out on the road. Yeah. But yeah I don't know. I've been looking on facebook and a lot of people are dropping their kids off and leaving them at school and I'm like I don't know a dorm room. Could you imagine that
with
me?
and dorm room.
It's
it's a
bad idea. Yeah.
And I don't know. I don't know why the country was so like you know we're gonna hold off on this this this and this but listen schools need to start, do you know what I mean? Like I
didn't
understand.
Yeah, it's just why, you know like
why?
money? All money. It's always been. And that's where I got depressed. This whole pandemic. So I thought it was really great that the country was like, yeah, we're gonna shut down in North Dakota. He's kind of a big do whatever the president says. So we didn't fully shut down. You know it? But a lot of places did, but there's still cars on the road. I my thoughts are you shut down for two weeks and let it die and then we'll come back out of our holes, you know? No, I'm not up here. And so then it took off again a little bit worse, a little bit worse. But then it was it was when they people started going back to work and things started opening up. I kept thinking way too early and then I basically saw through it, I'm like the people we vote to be our leaders have now put a dollar bill above the human life and that's not the way it's supposed to be. You know, it depresses me. Yeah.
No,
I agree.
no, it's not violating any right,
it's just being staged. Yeah.
I mean,
Yeah.
And just staying away from people. I mean it's it stinks but I mean
I
also
on that thing it sounds horrible. So um yeah, I mean I don't like it, I can't believe that, you know, I can't believe the way it took off, you know and the fact that it's so contagious and so catchy and then nobody's really taking it serious on in certain groups and some groups are and then it turns into civil war and it's just bizarre what's wrong with us as people, you know, you
tell me
that you saw
your question.
Well,
you know,
there really isn't and that's just kind of like with the wealth, right? The distribution of wealth, there's really no middle class anymore. Um but you know that North Dakota was selected as one of the first states to trial the vaccine when it comes out and there is actually in black and white in a paragraph in the press release that came out about it. Um if you look it up, you could probably find it, but it's, it basically says there's like a whole paragraph in there that basically says North Dakota was selected because it has, I don't know, five different indian reservations and we think that would be good to test them out on the indian reservations. So they're basically in black and white saying let's use the indians
first
exactly what it says, but without saying guinea pig, you know. Yeah right. I was like wow. And that's the thing. This country has now made it okay to be racist like that just blatantly
racist, you know?
And it's really
just
Yeah. I couldn't be more obvious. They put it in a paragraph in the middle of the press release. So yeah, I mean before they would try
to at least you know slide that under the rug but in passenger but now it's like just blatantly you know what, there's a bunch of indians up there, let's try it on them because their lives don't matter as much, you know.
I was pretty
shocked.
Yeah. And if you go if you go to these reservations, it's sad. It's really it's
and suicide and
and now they're losing everybody to human trafficking. And it's bad. Yeah, it's really bad up there. So all over them we have I think five, we have True Mountain Cipolla and
and uh two, so we have Lakota and Dakota Sioux in the state and Cipolla. So, but while I was really funny, if you ever get a chance to go to one,
you
love
it. Amazing. And I don't know if we make our 25 minutes.
I I just kind of watched the thing the last time I was just talking and the guy was talking to just basically said we're done. I'm going to go back to play video games and like uh
pleasure sir.
we didn't say bye. Yeah. Well
I hear it.
Yeah, that's true. Right. Well, yeah, no, it's great that I think you're going to rank up. There is my favorite one yet. So you uh
you
gold
medal. Yeah. Check out that press release about the vaccines and where they're starting them and then make it to a cow if you love it. And I will do some DNA structuring of my own.
No way.
I'm
gonna
write that down.
All right.
I will I will let you know how it goes.
We'll see uh
by