Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh right mm. Uh huh. Yeah wow Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah Yeah mm. Yeah Yeah Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Over yeah Yeah. Mhm mhm. Exactly. Oh okay. Oh that's awesome. You know what but the but oh what but but yeah mhm. Yeah yeah sure you know what was your mhm. Beautiful you shouldn't have gone down. Oh uh so I told you once I took quite like come on come on you know so that was uh oh oh well the car mm the best part thank you again. Yeah. Okay Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Right. Oh God yeah. Yeah. Yes yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah yeah mm. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah Yeah yeah Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah yeah yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Hello?
I'm good how are you? Come
on
I don't blame you don't blame him.
my gosh
yeah I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah yeah You're the first person I've scheduled five of these, You're the first one, You know I've scheduled six and you're only the third person to show up and you're the first person to show up on time.
Yeah, they are.
He's not
I live in Atlanta and I'm at home.
With
breast,
no, but it will do that to you. Yeah, I don't I can't go back to work yet. Um
have a very very bad immune system, so I'm still like quarantine so I can't go back to work until March. Yeah.
I own a Vape shop with my my husband and I have leona Vape shop and I'm one of the I work 11 of the main uh like sales reps uh we do a lot of wholesale contracting and stuff like that with other shops too.
Who has been weird? It is really,
No.
Right. That's kind of how my husband is. He just kind of distanced himself from like having to be there. So he just handles like our books and he handles scheduling pickups and deliveries for other stores. But you get the weirdest people, you'll get people, I had someone come in who was in full And I I could live to be $100 for get this. They were they were in like a full like bondage attire with the head mask thing in the mouth lip and everything.
That was, I mean it was it was it was the middle of the day too, so I was like, wow,
okay,
okay.
It
was
work.
I mean, hey you do you, but I wanted to ask so many questions. I had so many questions
in game is rules and then you get the people, we get more people with fake ids at my store than any other store like in the chain. So we started putting them up on the wall and
Really?
what?
It's in here? I mean that's one way to maybe make someone not write bad checks anymore.
Yeah, they will.
silently looking for your own name like am I being
forced?
worm.
No, no, you have to drive like you do have to drive a bit forever here too. Just because of the traffic. I've lived
all over the world and no place has worse traffic than Atlanta. I hate it.
I,
Here
on
Yeah, you're almost there but not quite there and then it's just like the worst traffic.
it's always the construction Baltimore is always under construction,
I don't
know.
I
mean I I just don't get it. It's like I went there I went there as a teenager I went to Baltimore a couple times then after high school graduation we all took a trip to Baltimore and then I went last year and it's still every single time something is under construction on the same highway the same it's the same parts of the city, everything is under construction.
I really don't understand it. I hope Baltimore gets fixed soon. It's been 10 years so.
walk just
well while.
It's
better than nothing. Way better
it won't
more
is useful. I mean it's better better you have a dollar store than have nothing and just have to be you know screwed overnight if you forgot to buy soda or something.
They're not even 24 hours right now because of the pandemic close like 10. We have
won the
the closest one closes at 8:30 and then the one that's like 20 minutes in the opposite direction. Not counting for traffic. Claiming the pen. So
it's
It supports 22 in a way.
Great.
It's like it seems like it should matter at both. Especially like practice because if you get sick at practice and then you go game, you know.
Mhm. Or in the
sea.
It sounds like it sounds like I'm glad I don't have any kids right now because I could not imagine having to do all the parenting stuff and then during the pandemic I can't.
But but
But
well now people
have
choices.
We will.
The
most horrible.
It's weird. I mean I can, I mean when I was in school I did a lot of stuff after school. So I was in the school when it was practically empty a lot. But I could just imagine during a pandemic being in school while it's empty it might feel like the apocalypse and no thanks.
It's been horrible.
The most horrible. It was horrible.
So many people
are like that's happening to so many people there realizing, oh we could do everything remote now. We don't need actual workers and so many people are out of work now.
wondering.
Yeah. Yeah. Uncle until the virus is like under control. Way better. It's not going to be. Yeah, it's just gonna be downhill.
That's very true. I don't even know what's going almost Time.
Time
Oh no influence. I'm
time
to
one
time just blend together for me now. It's like I don't even know what day of the week it is most of the time.
No. Yeah, There's like
no
actual no structure anymore.
It
does.
Drink.
I'm
All
We're not another thing that's really helped us. Uh
video games like finding multi player video games, you know, with with a chat and just, you know, shit talking people with video games has been very cathartic while they're in lockdown and you know, have road rage.
Right. I understand.
bro. Holla.
I have
no more.
I am
so
hard.
The wolf.
huh.
Never be black. You never do that.
I don't have kids. And I know that's no uh
no.
still never do this again.
Well we're not
gonna
win, we're not going
to let
the six
year old mystery.
amused Monica technically, technically.
okay. We're not going to let the six year old play with random strangers. We're not trying to we're not, you know, trying blue, you know?
they were different. It's
also different with the video game was because I remember when I was young, we had like the standard playstation one, the very first one, the gray one and no internet connection. No, nothing just in the crappiest little tv were all huddled over in a corner playing the first checking game.
I well we have we have a a
tard,
we broke our E. But it was it was dated by the time we got it.
there was no connectivity, it was just like oh we're going to go over to josh's house after school, we're going to play
Well I can't, I can't say I blame you because the uh the last fallout game fallout 76, that was multiplayer, I couldn't get into it and I've I've played
every game, every single
phone game I played it
no, it's horrible. It is absolutely horrible and the multiplayer seem to make it worse. Yeah, couldn't
you? Yeah
brilliant bremen is good.
Well it was because we do want to poke them on and um like mortal kombat, like my husband and my roommate, they will play hours of mortal kombat
great,
it's natural, that's what kids in the
No,
exactly, yeah,
such
as
just throw it along or give it to someone you don't want it.
Am I
doing
with
my
entire days? Thank you over an Apple. Fantastic.
And that's the worst thing that's going to happen to him all week then. Okay.
Well I wish,
I wish
Apple and my lunch was all I had to worry about.
You don't
have a mortgage. I mean be happy
with.
Yeah, enjoy your Apple while you can because one day we'll enjoy our album.
were ruined.
Thank you. Kids are great but they're also really just out there and Yeah.
Yeah.
Well
Life life gets crazy like that. I really don't.
Right. Hi. Well they say there's no stronger bond than that between a dad and the dog he didn't want. Yeah.
Yeah, I can see that. I can see
that
it's like a like the gateway dog. Could
you make up more?
that is a lot of animals. I only have I only have to I have a cat and then I have a dog and they're both tiny. The capsule almost a year old. And I'm like this is it
If
you can
if you can if you can stay on track with the role. Yeah,
exactly. It's not going well.
You don't enjoy their lunch. Yeah.
What's
next?
like you got it.
You too. Bye.