Hey, how are you?
I'm good.
I'm starting a timer. I I'm on my lunch break so I do these schedule them during my lunch break.
Yeah, but I I don't know, I have one yesterday and the whole time, I don't know, maybe like 20 minutes. We spent almost 20 minutes but their audio is not working and it was kind of like burner. Oh no, the whole like
I kept trying to be helpful and finally said, let's just say it didn't work.
It could be worse.
Yeah. I kind of feel like it's a good idea that people are pretty unreliable
and
that's okay. Um So where are you?
Uh I'm in Ohio and I'm in my office so I don't know. We I work at a high school, we have students back, so they're back this week. Um Which means my lunch went from being like at 12:30-11
and it
screws up my whole day.
What?
And what do you do?
Um We well we're we live in the middle of nowhere, so we have nothing where we are. Uh My wife used it to quit smoking and she uses one that's pretty close and uh it's the weirdest environment like
and they're they're great folks like the kid who used to work in there could play the fiddle and like cashier because she just, I could go to the store. So I stopped and I start talking to him and be like, hey you play the fiddle so let's play some music. And then he ended up leaving the kid that's there now plays the guitar. So he plays some music with me sometimes. But but it's like, you know, I went in there last weekend, they were talking about like a local guy that built an A. R. And and there was a large Chevy out front with like two full size trump flags on PVC poles. And you know, that's not what you expect when you go
in there. Like guys talking about ordering gun parts and build them and they're like, oh yeah, and here's this juice. Okay. You know like I'm not involved, like I'm not involved in either of those conversations. I just came to pick up person. Okay.
That's a little lax
Yeah.
Uh huh.
You
know,
that's
your thing, wander around like that.
Right. It's an adventure.
That's kind of great. Like it's like the old, if you've heard a bad check sign that you put in the gas station, like do not accept checks from jim. Uh huh.
There's there's one nearest that even uh they have a one of those large outdoor like it was a gas station but they have one large outdoor signs under their gas prices and they have on like we no longer accept checks from in a scrolling list of names like You're in a town of 300 and some people on
a highway like that's the biggest Dick move ever.
Right. Like you know that's kind of nuts but
it's really funny every time I drive past it. Mhm.
Like
ahead. I don't try not to go there. You
have to exit, get back on, you don't want to do that.
It's
I believe that I've driven through as an adult like four times
and it has always sucked and it's always like on the trip to florida and that's the worst spot because you're almost there
and
it sucks like.
Yeah. And I think the other place that absolutely drives me nuts is Baltimore and like
it is
and
like my family is in philadelphia so we go out there and visit and it's nice and we run down the Baltimore and do stuff but it's the worst place to drive ever. Like I didn't mind, honestly, I didn't mind driving in L. A. But I hate Baltimore. It
was
Right. It's nuts.
that's it, you know I in my whole life I remember going there as a kid and we had like our directions on a yellow piece of notebook paper and I was in the car with my parents and it was nuts thin, like it's awful and I'm spoiled man. We live we live in a town that's there's two square miles and uh we have one stop light in the whole county. So like I drive into the next county for work and it takes me 30 minutes and that's not, that's that's about 40 miles. Like it's a let me get places that have the worst commute. I'm like oh yeah, but I'm spoiled and that's
the downside of that is like um I guess it's been four years now, we've had a grocery store but For probably 6-10 years before that we had no grocery store within 30 miles. Yeah and and like you have gas stations, we have 124 hour when and everything else closes at 10. So if you don't buy it from BP you don't buy it anywhere else. Like
it's nuts like everything closes at nine or 10 and and now it's a little different. Like we actually we have a few stores that are open till 11 and their dollar stores, but at least something, you know,
like,
right, you can go by lunchables if you forgot them for your kids lunch. You know,
that's, that's exactly what we do know, we ran out of dog food. Let's go buy at the dollar store and
people hate on it. But it's useful like. Yeah.
Or, or even like uh oh, something broke. I need duct tape. Like they have it, you know, I, and I imagine When I've lived elsewhere, it's like, oh, just run to Walmart there 24 hours, but That's a 45 minute drive. You know, that's a big commitment each way. Mm hmm.
that's
kind of
Yeah. It seems like um I get limiting hours so they have time to clean. But limiting hours means people are in there more together like at
the same dive.
Yeah. And it's I mean I don't know where I work there. The town of work in has a like town wide mask mandate and everywhere you have to have it on outdoor. It doesn't matter all these things. And then as I drive in and out every day, like you can see the people have them on in their cars here. They don't everywhere else because there isn't one there and there's a statewide indoor win but it's not enforced. So some places it matters and some it doesn't and in some places like we are kids played fall baseball right now. So it matters at the field because the health department controls whether the league can continue but they don't control at the practice fields because they don't it's not in the same jurisdiction or whatever. So it doesn't matter at practice. But it does matter at a game, It's
weird,
And and it's there's, you know, they're in a league of three teams, it's the same
25
kids. Are there everything other day? It's like, it should either matter all the time or not at all. Like that's the Yeah, but it's still an adventure.
Mhm. Yeah. Our our stayed home in the spring um In the fall, they started school on time in person five days, which was nuts. Um But we had a we had a choice. My ex wife, my ex wife has to send them when they're at her house. So they couldn't do with the online option if they wanted. Like,
Like, oh, well if you're split 5050 time and you can't do this option 50% of the time, that's what you do, you
know? Like.
but they
love
it. I mean, they're thrilled to be like,
and then I was coming to an empty building for nine weeks because I like all my students very at home. So yeah,
it's
it's weird,
Yeah, it's kind of weird, but excuse me. Well, and then I had a second job when all this started and it was fixing, installing and fixing technology and elderly people's houses and they're just like, uh you can't do your job. And they were like medical devices, it made sense that needs done. And they just told us like, oh yeah, we figured out we can shift them and ask their kids to plug them in and we can do it all remote now. Like we're never going back to work. Like
as as soon as they opened the restriction of like, hey, we may go back to work, like guess what? We're gonna lay everybody off like, okay, this isn't pandemic related, we just learned we don't need to pay you thanks,
It's
not
it's crazy like and the the amount of people that are just like oh I'm laid off because of it that we know is insane, like we're in the least populated part of the state and the highest unemployment part already like
now, it's just getting worse.
Uh And I mean I always, I've said it like three times now, but it's always an adventure but it's always an adventure anyway, like who knows what's going on at the time?
I really I don't either sorry,
I'm checking what time I have to do things real quick. I'm sorry.
The
other
screen
over here.
That kind of, I get that during summertime, I get that way and I'm like it's thursday I think and I never know.
I don't
know.
Yeah. And I kind of think things like this help, like
I
started I started doing these during the summer, not these ones but just in general like everyday before lunch I'll get on and do something at least. And
then these ones like oh I'll do these
during lunch breaks and now my schedule is pretty normal, but when it wasn't like it helped a lot just to be like I'm going to do an hour a day of this and I'll
make sure I'm awake by 11 a.m. What? Yeah. Or not
believe.
Right. I'm I'm a big fan of two player games in person and I never play them online and so if we can't split screen and play, I'm like, oh I can't do that
for for a while we did. I think it was the stupid, what's it called, brawl holla like the fighting game.
And I don't know, my wife got pretty good at it and some guy harassed her one day. I was like, God, you could at least let me try instead of just killing me the whole time. And she's like, I felt awful, I cried and I'm done playing
it forever.
Like we haven't played that since. She's like, I just was trying to play the game. I thought you were supposed to kill people. Like yeah,
that's
the whole boy.
She's like, he he was really upset and I'm done like, I'll never play it again. Like this is a, I don't know the people you interact with and where I added all the people I knew like on the Xbox, that the kids could play Minecraft with my friends, kids, you know, things like that. And I noticed there were a whole bunch of people on the like in your friends listening, who are these people and my oldest kids like, oh that's my friend from school and this was completely normal for a year.
And then one day I was like buddy who's this person? He's like, I don't even know, oh
they're playing, they're playing some game with your six year old sister. Like did you add them? He's like, I think maybe they live in texas like don't do this ever again, don't
don't do this.
Well
and he's 13 like he has no idea but like,
yeah, if we're not gonna do that,
I
thought,
I
thought
Mike
77 was Mike. No, that's some guy I don't
I thought it was our neighbor. Like I better pay attention.
Yeah, it's nuts. But
is.
A man, I don't I don't think I'm much older but like we had our Atari,
you
can remember playing that way.
Yeah. Well I know it's like my older sisters that I got to play. Like we had we had a regular Nintendo for a long time that was like you could come over and play regular Nintendo racing or something. What? It's nice
And yeah. Oh and you know I kind of that's I think why I'm stuck, I'm like I can't play online like I just played by myself in a room, somebody's there, they play to you.
I tried
like
well that's it, that one was something I forget why I tried it like somebody said to, let's make sure I'll try it. Is that the one is that the one that has the west Virginia? Like parts of west Virginia and that modeled in the game? Yeah. Well we take the kids to Camden park every year so it's like oh that's my nephew had told me then and he's like yes, you know there's like it's the park you take your kids to is kind of in the game. I'm like oh yeah we do that. So it will be fun and I could play it like an hour at a time and stopped ever like I can't get into it.
but
I don't know. So I'm a big fan of like great man, we play Rayman all the time.
And we have replayed it so many times. It's lost. All meaning is still fun. It was like, you know it was it's like the new Mario.
we tried we made the rule of no fighting games after like christmas last year and we've stuck to it because the kids fight and then they get in trouble and you have to have a plan like you have to go into it saying alright Audrey you're gonna let your brother win this one
fight the whole time, but if you're going to win you gotta quit and you can win the next one because otherwise they just cry like
right you don't want them to cry, that's a bad
plan. But you know as I don't know in in in a way it's like you should learn how to win and lose and it's important but we're not going to cry. I don't know, I think I've never thought about it until I became an adult. Like all the times that I did them crap like that. Like how many times I cried over some stupid thing like Oh yeah I lost $2 in quarters at the beach and threw a tantrum for three days, and then I'm like, now. I know, but my kids act the way they do. Like uh
yesterday it was a fit over there was an apple in a lunchbox and he didn't want to eat the apple and I'm like, then don't just throw it away, but it's already in my lunchbox, like, I don't know, you know? Yeah. Okay,
well, I'm
mad. I'm like, oh okay. You know, you can't be mad.
Set it on the counter. No, it's already in there. You've already ruined my whole day. Glad
I
could do
that for
you
if that's the worst thing that comes up.
Right? It's Yeah, that's pretty good.
I
didn't.
Right. There's no, I don't know. You didn't get hit by a truck, you didn't, your electric still on. It was a pretty good week
if.
That's
a the biggest stress on earth is the bottom house. That's expensive. And now you got to pay for it. That sucks. Just eat your apple like.
And especially red ones, you won't enjoy the red ones at all. Mhm.
It's nut.
yeah,
it was. I never figured I would have them and now I have three and I'm like, oh and all the time, it's like, well there's five of us and I'm like right now like and we have two dogs and three cats, so there's five pets. Why? I want to like no pets. You know,
at first and now I have five, I planned on no kids. Now there are three. This is nuts. Like.
And you can't, like, once it happens, even we got a dog a couple years ago, like when we got the one dog, you can't imagine life without a dog. You have her now she's here but you didn't ever plan on having a dog.
it's kind of true. You know
like
the kids the kids thought as a great idea we went to the shelter. It seems like a good idea of like this was not like this is a bad plan but yeah.
and then
you end up with way more. Yeah It was no cats for a long time and then it was one cat and then another one showed up, we pulled in after practice one night and there was a cat on the porch so we can and then there was a kid and we kept her and now we have three like listen it just gets worse and worse. Yeah.
it's a good rule. Once you said like this
is
the number.
I can't I can't kick them back out. That's the problem.
Well we've definitely hit time and I only have a half hour lunch break. I
got like four minutes to eat it. I don't
know.
It seems like a good idea to schedule these. I'm
a little nuts so have a good day.