SPEAKER_L: Oh I cannot explain. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well you can buy he was talking about the last common watch. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hi
SPEAKER_R: Hello. Good morning, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good about you.
SPEAKER_R: Do it? Pretty good.
SPEAKER_L: Sorry. The last time I did this the person didn't show up so I had my ipad out thinking well I'll just keep myself busy. But you showed
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: up so thank you.
SPEAKER_R: oh yes, well I've had two of those conversations too so I'm like all right well let's see.
SPEAKER_L: So I usually start these with you know introduction. So would you like to tell me about yourself or would you like me to go first?
SPEAKER_R: Um It doesn't matter. I don't mind. I tend to talk a lot sometimes so
SPEAKER_L: Well that's good.
SPEAKER_R: uh I am gentle. I am from New Mexico. Um I have three kids um I am stay at home mom and I am right now working with my kids through school and zooms and you know the fun stuff. Um Let's see. I have my own little small crafting business and I have 32 giant dogs and one medium sized dog. Okay mm.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. You must live in a big house.
SPEAKER_R: Uh No it's not terribly big
SPEAKER_L: Sorry, it's a little bit jerky. Can you hear me? I would know you're frozen. Oh dear. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: me. Hello? Can
SPEAKER_L: Your
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: face
SPEAKER_R: hear me?
SPEAKER_L: has disappeared.
SPEAKER_R: Oh no let me see here. You
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: see
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: back in the
SPEAKER_L: I can
SPEAKER_R: day.
SPEAKER_L: hear you but I can't see you. It's gone to some kind of blank silhouette. So I think we've lost your video because of connection problems. Can you see me?
SPEAKER_R: huh. I can see you and I can see me. Let
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: can I can't see you but I can hear you. I don't know if we should continue. If I can, I can hear but not see. Maybe the video will come back so maybe we should carry on.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we can start, let me go see if I can just make sure my wifi stuff is good. Really quick. Give me one. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: there you go. There you are, just back for a second.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, everything's good now. Okay, so great.
SPEAKER_R: perfect.
SPEAKER_L: So I'll tell you about me and then I have some questions for you and maybe you'll have some
SPEAKER_R: Sorry?
SPEAKER_L: questions for me. So, so I'm, my name is Sherry, your chantel. I'm Sherry and I'm 56 I live in northern California near the Oregon border. I'm not actually from California, actually from pennsylvania, but I've moved around a little bit in life, not a ton. I lived in pennsylvania until I was 20 for 23 then I moved to California with my boyfriend who is now my husband. We've been married for about 30 33 years. Um and we lived in Japan for 23 years and we came back to California in 2012 and he became a therapist in, in Japan. I was a teacher and I wrote textbooks and did a
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: lot of layout work and um, now I am a homemaker. I don't have any Children, I only have a cat. Um, we live in a pretty small place, so even if we wanted a dog, I wouldn't have any space for a dog, but actually I like dogs fine, but I'm more of a cat person. So, um, I am, I don't really have what I call hobbies, although I do like cooking and baking and I do right reviews for free products and um that's like almost a full time job because I get lots and lots of things. Um, so that's kind of part of the work I do besides the homemaking, and I love writing.
SPEAKER_R: Nine
SPEAKER_L: I've actually written a book, so, um that's pretty
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, no.
SPEAKER_L: much it. So,
SPEAKER_R: What kind
SPEAKER_L: so I wanted
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: to ask you about your craft. I'm sorry, please you first.
SPEAKER_R: no, I mean I was gonna say, what what what kind of books did you write?
SPEAKER_L: Um well, I met my husband as a pen pal back before there was the internet and we communicated by cassette tapes. And so I fell in love with him and we didn't even meet face to face. So we actually conducted a long distance relationship, sight unseen for 10 months before we physically met. But we knew we knew we were going to be together for the rest of our lives because we we were so compatible, even even just at a distance, I mean, I fell in love with him the second time he sent me a cassette, so I just immediately wanted with him and a couple months later, he he was in love with me to even though we still hadn't seen each other. And so it's about that relationship and how it happened because it was a long period of time and it was very unusual. Now people have distance relationships all the time, don't they? I mean even people they've never met, but back then this was 1980 80 87 1987 88 that this happened and in 87 people didn't do that. People thought I was crazy, I had to hide it from my parents. And um because, you know, they thought it's dangerous to have a relationship with someone who you've never met. So the book is about that. Yeah. So if if you're interested in it's called The Last Long Distance Relationship and it's um it's on amazon, but you know,
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: don't. So yes, that's what the book is about. It took me seven years to write it because well because I went through all we have thousands of pieces of correspondence and about 100 of the cassette tapes and I went through them and meticulously chronicled it. Um not in the book but I mean in terms of getting the framework so I was careful to be true to history essentially. So so yeah and I'm working on a second book and that's more about living in Japan and the experiences that I had there. So um that keeps me pretty busy so so I'm sorry. So I wanted to ask you about your your crafts business, what kind of crafts do you do?
SPEAKER_R: um I just kind of take like, I like to go to like a garage sales and kind of see what people have and see how I can kind of upscale it or I have one of them here actually have been working on my mother in law has a lot of floral and so I make like this little reef thing
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: or what do
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: I,
SPEAKER_L: fuzzy, it's very fuzzy but it
SPEAKER_R: Whoa,
SPEAKER_L: looks for
SPEAKER_R: whoa,
SPEAKER_L: what I can tell. It looks pretty good. I wish it was clearer, it's just our apple cider on it.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's it's hot apple cider. So she has um like she used to have these like bushes with apples in them and um flowers and she has all kinds of stuff. So then I just started, she's like, do you want it? And I was like, sure. So I just started tweaking and just finding things to keep busy these days.
SPEAKER_L: So though I'm sorry, it's so funny. I can't tell others. Real flowers, dried flowers. Um
SPEAKER_R: No, they're just fake flowers.
SPEAKER_L: Plate flowers. Okay. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: she gives her really, let me see if that helps
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: us
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: all.
SPEAKER_L: it's the connection. That's the problem. I think it's just really pixelated but it can't be helped don't worry about I just I just can't see super clearly. So so so yes you have an Etsy shop and you sell those
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I have a nazi
SPEAKER_L: which
SPEAKER_R: shop, I've been mostly doing just in town though. Um I myself will sell in town before they sell on my etc. So um yeah, so just trying to bring in a little extra cash here and there and with the holidays coming up and
SPEAKER_L: yeah I bet I bet. So is the pandemic affecting
SPEAKER_R: help protect
SPEAKER_L: your ability to sell things in your local area?
SPEAKER_R: um I wouldn't say that it's it's affected me going out and finding things because a lot of it um is upscaled. I try to I would go out and just find things that I could, you know, for a garage sales you get things pretty cheap, quarter dollar you know then you would ensure. So it's kind of affected the amount I've been able to do but as far as the actual selling I'll usually post them on facebook and usually I'll have people like do Paypal or cash up and then either I'll deliver and just set it in front of their house or I'll lay it outside my house and they'll come get it. So it's not been affecting it that way as far as selling, making has been a little bit difficult.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Right. So so do you live in a fairly populous area that you can find a lot of garages? Because I actually live I mean I lived in Tokyo for 23 years so living in a big city is awesome but now I live in a small town that has only 4000 people and you could never do what you're doing here because there just wouldn't be enough. Is the area of living in like a city?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's a city um it's about 100 and 25,000 people I believe because I think what the last one was.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Okay. So it's a little easier to go find things like that seasonal as well because there probably aren't too many sales in the winter. You're in New Mexico, you said, does it get hot New Mayor cold in New Mexico in the winter? It does.
SPEAKER_R: Um Usually not till after christmas so usually from christmas
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I actually know nothing about your weather.
SPEAKER_R: it's mostly
SPEAKER_L: Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: hot, it's mostly hot. We right now I think we're in the slow seventies um right now we um trying to take care usually after around january we'll get a little bit of snow and it will go down to the fifties sixties, but by february March it goes back up to the seventies, so we're pretty much warm year round almost, so people are always doing garage sales, people are always getting rid of stuff, especially around christmas time, you can find really good stuff because everybody wants new stuff, so
SPEAKER_L: Right, so actually
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: here it's 59 degrees right now and this is actually warmed up a lot from this morning. I'm sitting here with a blanket on my lap and a hot cup of tea and wearing three layers of clothes. So I can't say I envy you because I prefer cold weather but I I would like it a little bit warmer than it is here. So we're not because everybody always thinks California's super warm and sunny, but not the whole state, obviously not the northern parts especially, so yeah, so that does impact us a little bit more. I imagine christmas might be a particularly good time for you if you're making things like reads.
SPEAKER_R: um christmas is usually pretty good. I tend to try to stay away like holiday reads as far as thanksgiving and other holidays I'll do christmas is kind of competitive here. Um Lots of people um doing different regions, different decorations. Um I'm over on a smaller scale, so um I'll tend to try to find like different things to do because that's what everybody's go to ISO now, it's christmas now everybody wants to make reads, everybody wants to make
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, well everybody wants
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: to buy
SPEAKER_R: thing,
SPEAKER_L: them to. All right.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, everybody wants to buy them, but this year decided not to do that just because with the pandemic, I'm not quite sure my stuff, I felt fairly
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: cheap because most of it, either I get from people who just give it to me um or um super, super cheap. So like my the reefs here, I sell for like $10 so
SPEAKER_L: That's very cheap for handmade. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so I don't really sell them for that much I know for, so people have asked me, but I'm like, I don't know, I'm like, it's hard, like I said this year because you can't really find things for cheaper or find people are selling things a little bit more expensive than normal just to make up for the difference. So I've kind of decided to just use what I have or see if I can find something else. It's a little bit easier.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Do you do any other kinds of crafts or just just those? Not that that's not enough for anything, but just
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, I've done other things. Um, I was doing some cross stitch and sewing and a little bit of that here, that doesn't go over so well um that's not what a lot of people are into um here. It's very, it's very, sometimes it's very hard to sell here because either it's good enough that the high end people want to buy it. So the people that are have more money or it's not cheap enough for the majority of the people that live here here. People want a bargain. They want to hagel and get it fresh cheap as possible. So it makes it a little difficult to
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: do under
SPEAKER_L: cross stitch is a little old fat and now maybe people are not so into that.
SPEAKER_R: well um what's kind of been, um, they call it like the boho chic. So a lot of like the arrows and the stripes and the patterns and the feathers that's kind of coming back and I will say like we're behind the ball, so when everything's kind of mainstream because um, I used to live in pennsylvania also, so I have friends in there, so
SPEAKER_L: Which
SPEAKER_R: I have a
SPEAKER_L: part
SPEAKER_R: lot of friends
SPEAKER_L: did you
SPEAKER_R: out
SPEAKER_L: live
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: in? Are there no?
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: Westchester's which part of pennsylvania said
SPEAKER_R: um, it's an hour outside of Philly, It's near Downingtown.
SPEAKER_L: you're from the eastern side, I'm from the western side, about two hours north of Pittsburgh. So yeah, you were from from the liberal side, I'm from the unfortunately conservative side, the side that's
SPEAKER_R: Baby.
SPEAKER_L: a little bit, you know, close minded, so yeah, so how
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: did you
SPEAKER_R: definitely
SPEAKER_L: get from
SPEAKER_R: difficult.
SPEAKER_L: New Mexico from from that, from being born there?
SPEAKER_R: Well, I wasn't born in pennsylvania. I lived out there for a few actually, I lived out there for a few years. I went to school out there. Uh
SPEAKER_L: three went to college?
SPEAKER_R: mhm. So I went to school out there, I didn't, I didn't finish, I came back here to finish um school. Um, but I was out there and I have a lot of friends and stuff out there, so we used to go back and forth and visit a lot, but now with the shutdown it's been a lot harder. Um but um, yeah, so that all the things that um, I'll create tend to like the year after, tend to do better. So that's one thing I'm also noticing is we're a little bit time lapse here. What's really big out everywhere else tends to take a long time to get here. And so that's the other thing is a waiting game with everybody.
SPEAKER_L: What did you major in in college?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I was going for education,
SPEAKER_L: Mm. You don't
SPEAKER_R: so.
SPEAKER_L: work in education though because your house housewife, homemaker, I see, I guess because having kids it's difficult to work because it's more expensive to pay for childcare than to actually work. Yeah. How old are your kids,
SPEAKER_R: Um I have, we have a 12 and 11 and a five year old.
SPEAKER_L: wow. So what does your partner do?
SPEAKER_R: Um He works in law enforcement, so he
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: looks from mom.
SPEAKER_L: rough time. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: but here, um, I decided not to teach because here the education, um, they've just gotten really strict and what they want to do and it's mostly teaching kids to test
SPEAKER_L: I know,
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: it's horrible, isn't it? Wow.
SPEAKER_R: they they want, so the majority of our money comes from testing, so we are, I think how do I think they ranked it? And I think we're one of the top states that test the kids more than anybody else.
SPEAKER_L: Rank.
SPEAKER_R: Like we're up there for testing. Um and a lot of our kids are failing and pretty much like your job relies on it, so the stress level of it, and you know, the reason I wanted to get into teaching was to help kids inspire kids to be doing to do more, but they they've made it very difficult for that. There's a lot of teachers leaving. Um There's a lot of teachers who it's just not worth it um for the stress and for, you know, them always being blamed. I have a lot of teacher friends and you know, they're like just the love of it. They're really like stripping it away from people here. And it's sad because there's a lot of there's a lot of very smart kids, there's a lot of opportunity, but they're not, they don't really allow for it to kind of teachers to kind of do what they need to do. Kids can thrive and so I think we're 49th when it comes to education in the state and it's sad.
SPEAKER_L: so bad. It's funny when I was, I mean you look quite young, I assume you were between 25 35 but you look like maybe 28 or something. How old are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm 31.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I was, I was in the ballpark, so I'm 56 so I'm a lot older than you when I was growing up, that wasn't the way it was. And then I was out of the country for 23 years between like age 24 47 when I came back, America had changed so much and the education system was one of those things because they didn't educate us to get test scores when I was growing up. I mean when you were growing up, was it like that?
SPEAKER_R: No, actually they started that after I graduated high school.
SPEAKER_L: And it's just, I was stunned because that was one of the things that actually is the case with the education system in Japan is that they just test and test and test and all they care about our test scores and always thought, well the american system is better than that because we teach people critical thinking, we teach them a wider scope, we teach them more creativity and then I come back and America's like Japan and like what happened? So it is, I assume it has to do with kind of quantifying um, the value of students in a certain way, which is very kind of uh objective rather than doing something a little bit more subjective, something. Yeah. And it's just everything about coming back to America. I'm sorry, I have to say I was disappointed. People are angrier. Um, things were so dirty and broken because living in Japan it's so clean and well maintained and, and I came back and it's like, it's like a post apocalyptic, you know, decay. Um and it wasn't like that when I left either, but of course I left in 1989. So I was just stunned by how things have changed for the worse in the time I was gone. I mean 23 years is a long time, but I had a lot more confidence in America than I guess was warranted. But but yeah, it's unfortunate and I can understand. I also have friends who are teachers who have expressed the same frustration that you just mentioned yet. So do you think you will never go back to teaching because of the system, even though your kids will eventually be old enough, you won't have to worry.
SPEAKER_R: Well I think it just depends. I've considered, I've have I've had offers for private schools teaching it for private schools and here we have a lot of really good private school systems um where the goal is to encourage kids, the Children to find kind of what they love and to thrive on it and
SPEAKER_L: Running.
SPEAKER_R: to say, okay let's strengthen the areas you're weak, but let's push you to where you're going to go because that's one thing that I see is especially here um we have a lot of poverty um also where I live, so it's kind of mixed, so there's not a big middle class, the middle class is small, it's either you're rich or you're poor, you
SPEAKER_L: everywhere.
SPEAKER_R: know?
SPEAKER_L: I think almost unless unless you're like the bay Area in new york city where there's a lot more wealth. Yeah. But yeah, here it's the same, it's either you're you're well now there's a tiny middle class, well, I'm middle class. Um My husband's a therapist, he's actually working from home in the next room. So And but but we it took us a long time to get here because when we came back, neither of us had any marketable skills. He went to grad school and did an internship. He wasn't paid for 3000 hours of interning. So it's the system in America so hard to get yourself on that track. We found out and we're kind of we're older, but we're like people who just got out of high school and high school college in a way because we had no track record that mattered in America, like our work experience is a black hole. Yeah. So I do know how hard it is.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and that's the one thing that I think about, is it, I think the need will be great and so maybe in a few years I've told my husband I might consider going back depending on what it looks like. But I'm very much also like if you they talk about like a free spirit or kind of more person who's setback and I tend to be more free spirit, like I can plan for things well, but if the kids, like, I'm very much where kids want to take it another direction, or they want to learn more, like I'm okay with doing that, but in the school system it's very considered unacceptable. So, and to have a lot of friends who teach um who teaching like 3rd, 4th, 5th grade, and what they said is that if the kids are failing pretty much, the schools told, have told them, they have to leave them behind and focus on everybody else to do well. And I'm just that, for me is very hard because I mean, a lot of stories that you hear of kids who were told that tend to make something of themselves, and so to tell them they can't, it's hard for me to just be like,
SPEAKER_L: I'm stunned that they would do that. That is very terrible to tell kids they can't. I mean, does sometimes set them up for a sense of not trying in the future? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, and you see that a lot here, and I think if they would bring back like skills because there are a lot of kids here who just um parents are in the welfare system and because I know people and that's kind of how they've just told their kids and I've heard them tell their kids that you know, just stay on the system like don't worry about it, just if you can pass school past school just stay on the system. You know, if you work at Mcdonald's it's good enough and it's like okay I understand that that's a to have a job is a good thing, you know, but kids never to dream for something bigger. It's just hard, it's heartbreaking here. It's it's hard. So I've told my husband, I'm like I don't know, like we'll see, you know, but he retires in 12 years I think he can retire. Um So you know, we've even talked about moving somewhere else and I'm like if we do move somewhere else I might you know, teach. But yeah I just um I've told people if they need help tutoring like I'll help tutor kids but as far as teaching in a classroom it just makes it very hard.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I can understand that. So I'm sorry. So you were born in New Mexico, is that right?
SPEAKER_R: I was born in michigan,
SPEAKER_L: Michigan wow. So michigan pennsylvania and New Mexico, have
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: you looked?
SPEAKER_R: my dad was actually Air Force.
SPEAKER_L: Ah that explains it, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so I've kind of lived all over the U. S. I lived in and then we lived in europe for four almost five years um europe. And then we moved from europe to New Mexico. And then I went through middle school and high school in New Mexico and then I went to college in pennsylvania and then I moved back um to New Mexico. My brother was getting married um And then also to get my degree um in New Mexico because I graduated from New Mexico Um They set up a scholarship program and stuff. So because I was continuing school I was able to still apply for the scholarship program here. So I was able to almost graduate. I have like one class left I think that I would need. Um But then what I ended up meeting my husband and we got married and then yeah
SPEAKER_L: How did you meet your husband
SPEAKER_R: our mutual friends, we don't,
SPEAKER_L: way?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we just had mutual friends. Um They actually, well there are a lot older than I was. They were friends of my parents and they um he would help um The other gentleman, he he also tinkers with cars and stuff and he was very handy so whenever they needed anything they worked together, so he would call him over. Um And they were good friends with my parents so then they would always be over at the same time. Uh It went not and just hanging out and realized we had a lot of the same interests and likes and you
SPEAKER_L: Was
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: he in
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: law enforcement when you met him? Is he older than you? Because he said he can retire soon ish.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. She is 34.
SPEAKER_L: Not that much older, Just
SPEAKER_R: No, is that he
SPEAKER_L: bit
SPEAKER_R: spent
SPEAKER_L: older.
SPEAKER_R: three years more than I am.
SPEAKER_L: So I see I see so so curious. How did you get involved with prolific? Because I ask everybody this because I am curious how they found it and what?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So um actually my husband, he has a co worker that does surveys on top. He's like involved with five other surveys um survey things and he told my husband about it and he's like, hey you're looking for stuff to do, why don't you do surveys? So I'm like, well, I don't know. So I started last year but I didn't do very well. I didn't keep up with it because I was just like, man, these are just little surveys. I don't know. But then this year I decided to because of the covid and stuff, I'm like, you know what, I'm going to try some more and the more I've been doing it, the more I realized, oh, I should be doing this more often.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. How much do you tend to average per month making through prolific? Another question
SPEAKER_R: I do,
SPEAKER_L: I ask everybody.
SPEAKER_R: oh no, I was doing um anywhere, but I think the average, I do about $4 a day.
SPEAKER_L: Really. That's great. How
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: do you
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: how do you get many surveys?
SPEAKER_R: um, it's not always that many. It's sometimes we'll get like five or six, but they just will add up to 20 here, you know, that 80 cents here. And so,
SPEAKER_L: I I think those two, but they never add up to, I mean I actually averaged about $100 a month, which is not quite as good as you, but it's it's not too far. But I take every survey I can
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: and you know, doing this is probably one of the best ones, not only because it pays well, but because it's more interesting to talk to people. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: I really well I do have a
SPEAKER_L: Please.
SPEAKER_R: quick question. How did you guys end up in Japan?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Oh, that's that's a good question with a slightly complicated answer. But so
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: when when I met my husband as a pen pal, um and I fell in love with him. I didn't tell him how I felt because you know, I'm a crazy person. I fell in love with a guy after hearing him talking a cassette tape for 90 minutes essentially. And and I have this thing where it's called limericks, where you kind of really fall for people really hard and it sticks with you. And I knew I was like this. So I'm thinking this has to go away because I hate this. I don't want to be feeling this way, but I couldn't stop myself, but I didn't tell him. So for a couple of months were exchanging these tapes almost rapid fire. Like I sent him like a couple hours of tapes and he sends like five hours back and it's just essentially talking on a monologue and then we're doing this rapid fire. And then when he, when he finally, I felt the same way about me, he'd already signed a contract to go work for a year in Japan as a teacher. And so that's made it all that much harder because it's a big in pennsylvania and he's from California, which is how I ended up in California instead of conducting our relationship between states, we conducted it between countries for the 10 months we were apart and it was just unbearable, you know, this distance thing. And finally we scraped up enough money because also back then people couldn't fly just anywhere, you know, it's so much cheaper to travel now. Um, I had to spend what would have been the modern day equivalent of like $2000 to fly pan. And I, I grew up poor and I was poor and he was middle class, but he didn't have a ton of money either. So we, between the two of us, we scraped up enough money for me to go to Japan and finally meet him and I stayed with him for a whole month. Um, and that was how I met him and it was amazing. I mean he was amazing Japan, I liked to but just I was so happy and it was like a honeymoon, it was fantastic. So that month in Japan was our first time together and then he came back after that year was up and we lived in California in his home area, which is in Silicon Valley for about a year and it just wasn't working out for us because it's so expensive there even back then, even in 1989 it was expensive and we had okay jobs but not enough to really kind of break out and go and I wasn't happy there, I don't like California, I still don't like California. Um And uh and and we just decided to go back to Japan because we were happy there and we could both you know work because if you have a bachelor's degree in any field minds and psychology and his was in business finance um but you can any, any degree you can teach in Japan. And back then jobs were more plentiful and better paying than they are now. Now it's not such a great gig, which is why one of the reasons we left, but the big reason is he just really wanted a career change and to become a therapist. So um we went there and we were happier there and we just stayed there for 23 years and we stayed there until we reached an age because I was for when I was 44 he was 45 because he's two years older than me. Um We realized we had to make a choice which is either we continue to save money like mad people for our retirement or come back to americans, start paying into the retirement systems because we wouldn't qualify for japanese retirement. So between him wanting to be a therapist and us needing to think about our retirement and the job market shrinking, we came back here. But honestly um I do miss it. I mean just the lifestyle is very different there. I mean the japanese are um Tokyo, I could see the japanese, I'm sure other places are different, much more cosmopolitan than the american experience. Um and and very emotionally controlled here, everybody radiates either uh kind of a angry energy or a excited
SPEAKER_R: Go
SPEAKER_L: energy. The energy levels in America like this, whereas the
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: energy
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: levels like this. So it's a very calm kind of experience you get on a train, everybody's quiet, looking at their phone, reading a book, staring into space. And in the american people are like uh so it's a little bit much back here, especially after acclimating to that culture. But yeah we ended up there because of how we met and it was great but it was I mean it was imperfect. The japanese are really racist actually. So
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: um but it was still easier to live in that country even though we got stared at or some people were rude or whatever it is, it's a little bit like being black in America only without the risk to your life. Um The police did stop us sometimes and ask for I. D. Even though we didn't do anything just walking down the street. So it does happen there uh just you don't nobody's going to shoot you or beat you or anything, they're just going to harass you. So so yeah so it was it was good though and that's how it happens. So yeah so so so is there anything else you'd like to ask before we wrap up? Because I guess we should be wrapping up.
SPEAKER_R: Um no, I think that was my main question that I was curious about.
SPEAKER_L: It was very nice to talk to you Shantel and
SPEAKER_R: You teach theory.
SPEAKER_L: good luck with the pandemic and your crafting business and
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.