Hello. Good morning, how are you?
Do it? Pretty good.
But
oh yes, well I've had two of those conversations too so I'm like all right well let's see.
Um It doesn't matter. I don't mind. I tend to talk a lot sometimes so
uh I am gentle. I am from New Mexico. Um I have three kids um I am stay at home mom and I am right now working with my kids through school and zooms and you know the fun stuff. Um Let's see. I have my own little small crafting business and I have 32 giant dogs and one medium sized dog. Okay mm.
Uh No it's not terribly big
me. Hello? Can
you
hear me?
Oh no let me see here. You
see
back in the
day.
huh. I can see you and I can see me. Let
me
Yeah we can start, let me go see if I can just make sure my wifi stuff is good. Really quick. Give me one. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah.
Okay.
perfect.
Sorry?
no.
Nine
Oh no, no.
What kind
well,
no, I mean I was gonna say, what what what kind of books did you write?
that's
um I just kind of take like, I like to go to like a garage sales and kind of see what people have and see how I can kind of upscale it or I have one of them here actually have been working on my mother in law has a lot of floral and so I make like this little reef thing
or what do
I,
Whoa,
whoa,
Yeah, it's it's hot apple cider. So she has um like she used to have these like bushes with apples in them and um flowers and she has all kinds of stuff. So then I just started, she's like, do you want it? And I was like, sure. So I just started tweaking and just finding things to keep busy these days.
No, they're just fake flowers.
she gives her really, let me see if that helps
us
all.
Yeah, I have a nazi
shop, I've been mostly doing just in town though. Um I myself will sell in town before they sell on my etc. So um yeah, so just trying to bring in a little extra cash here and there and with the holidays coming up and
help protect
um I wouldn't say that it's it's affected me going out and finding things because a lot of it um is upscaled. I try to I would go out and just find things that I could, you know, for a garage sales you get things pretty cheap, quarter dollar you know then you would ensure. So it's kind of affected the amount I've been able to do but as far as the actual selling I'll usually post them on facebook and usually I'll have people like do Paypal or cash up and then either I'll deliver and just set it in front of their house or I'll lay it outside my house and they'll come get it. So it's not been affecting it that way as far as selling, making has been a little bit difficult.
Yeah it's a city um it's about 100 and 25,000 people I believe because I think what the last one was.
Um Usually not till after christmas so usually from christmas
it's mostly
hot, it's mostly hot. We right now I think we're in the slow seventies um right now we um trying to take care usually after around january we'll get a little bit of snow and it will go down to the fifties sixties, but by february March it goes back up to the seventies, so we're pretty much warm year round almost, so people are always doing garage sales, people are always getting rid of stuff, especially around christmas time, you can find really good stuff because everybody wants new stuff, so
it's
um christmas is usually pretty good. I tend to try to stay away like holiday reads as far as thanksgiving and other holidays I'll do christmas is kind of competitive here. Um Lots of people um doing different regions, different decorations. Um I'm over on a smaller scale, so um I'll tend to try to find like different things to do because that's what everybody's go to ISO now, it's christmas now everybody wants to make reads, everybody wants to make
this
thing,
yeah, everybody wants to buy them, but this year decided not to do that just because with the pandemic, I'm not quite sure my stuff, I felt fairly
cheap because most of it, either I get from people who just give it to me um or um super, super cheap. So like my the reefs here, I sell for like $10 so
yeah, so I don't really sell them for that much I know for, so people have asked me, but I'm like, I don't know, I'm like, it's hard, like I said this year because you can't really find things for cheaper or find people are selling things a little bit more expensive than normal just to make up for the difference. So I've kind of decided to just use what I have or see if I can find something else. It's a little bit easier.
I don't know, I've done other things. Um, I was doing some cross stitch and sewing and a little bit of that here, that doesn't go over so well um that's not what a lot of people are into um here. It's very, it's very, sometimes it's very hard to sell here because either it's good enough that the high end people want to buy it. So the people that are have more money or it's not cheap enough for the majority of the people that live here here. People want a bargain. They want to hagel and get it fresh cheap as possible. So it makes it a little difficult to
do under
well um what's kind of been, um, they call it like the boho chic. So a lot of like the arrows and the stripes and the patterns and the feathers that's kind of coming back and I will say like we're behind the ball, so when everything's kind of mainstream because um, I used to live in pennsylvania also, so I have friends in there, so
I have a
lot of friends
out
there.
so
um, it's an hour outside of Philly, It's near Downingtown.
Baby.
It's
definitely
difficult.
Well, I wasn't born in pennsylvania. I lived out there for a few actually, I lived out there for a few years. I went to school out there. Uh
mhm. So I went to school out there, I didn't, I didn't finish, I came back here to finish um school. Um, but I was out there and I have a lot of friends and stuff out there, so we used to go back and forth and visit a lot, but now with the shutdown it's been a lot harder. Um but um, yeah, so that all the things that um, I'll create tend to like the year after, tend to do better. So that's one thing I'm also noticing is we're a little bit time lapse here. What's really big out everywhere else tends to take a long time to get here. And so that's the other thing is a waiting game with everybody.
Uh I was going for education,
so.
Um I have, we have a 12 and 11 and a five year old.
Um He works in law enforcement, so he
looks from mom.
but here, um, I decided not to teach because here the education, um, they've just gotten really strict and what they want to do and it's mostly teaching kids to test
like
they they want, so the majority of our money comes from testing, so we are, I think how do I think they ranked it? And I think we're one of the top states that test the kids more than anybody else.
Like we're up there for testing. Um and a lot of our kids are failing and pretty much like your job relies on it, so the stress level of it, and you know, the reason I wanted to get into teaching was to help kids inspire kids to be doing to do more, but they they've made it very difficult for that. There's a lot of teachers leaving. Um There's a lot of teachers who it's just not worth it um for the stress and for, you know, them always being blamed. I have a lot of teacher friends and you know, they're like just the love of it. They're really like stripping it away from people here. And it's sad because there's a lot of there's a lot of very smart kids, there's a lot of opportunity, but they're not, they don't really allow for it to kind of teachers to kind of do what they need to do. Kids can thrive and so I think we're 49th when it comes to education in the state and it's sad.
I'm 31.
No, actually they started that after I graduated high school.
Well I think it just depends. I've considered, I've have I've had offers for private schools teaching it for private schools and here we have a lot of really good private school systems um where the goal is to encourage kids, the Children to find kind of what they love and to thrive on it and
to say, okay let's strengthen the areas you're weak, but let's push you to where you're going to go because that's one thing that I see is especially here um we have a lot of poverty um also where I live, so it's kind of mixed, so there's not a big middle class, the middle class is small, it's either you're rich or you're poor, you
know?
Yeah, and that's the one thing that I think about, is it, I think the need will be great and so maybe in a few years I've told my husband I might consider going back depending on what it looks like. But I'm very much also like if you they talk about like a free spirit or kind of more person who's setback and I tend to be more free spirit, like I can plan for things well, but if the kids, like, I'm very much where kids want to take it another direction, or they want to learn more, like I'm okay with doing that, but in the school system it's very considered unacceptable. So, and to have a lot of friends who teach um who teaching like 3rd, 4th, 5th grade, and what they said is that if the kids are failing pretty much, the schools told, have told them, they have to leave them behind and focus on everybody else to do well. And I'm just that, for me is very hard because I mean, a lot of stories that you hear of kids who were told that tend to make something of themselves, and so to tell them they can't, it's hard for me to just be like,
yeah, and you see that a lot here, and I think if they would bring back like skills because there are a lot of kids here who just um parents are in the welfare system and because I know people and that's kind of how they've just told their kids and I've heard them tell their kids that you know, just stay on the system like don't worry about it, just if you can pass school past school just stay on the system. You know, if you work at Mcdonald's it's good enough and it's like okay I understand that that's a to have a job is a good thing, you know, but kids never to dream for something bigger. It's just hard, it's heartbreaking here. It's it's hard. So I've told my husband, I'm like I don't know, like we'll see, you know, but he retires in 12 years I think he can retire. Um So you know, we've even talked about moving somewhere else and I'm like if we do move somewhere else I might you know, teach. But yeah I just um I've told people if they need help tutoring like I'll help tutor kids but as far as teaching in a classroom it just makes it very hard.
I was born in michigan,
so
my dad was actually Air Force.
Yeah so I've kind of lived all over the U. S. I lived in and then we lived in europe for four almost five years um europe. And then we moved from europe to New Mexico. And then I went through middle school and high school in New Mexico and then I went to college in pennsylvania and then I moved back um to New Mexico. My brother was getting married um And then also to get my degree um in New Mexico because I graduated from New Mexico Um They set up a scholarship program and stuff. So because I was continuing school I was able to still apply for the scholarship program here. So I was able to almost graduate. I have like one class left I think that I would need. Um But then what I ended up meeting my husband and we got married and then yeah
our mutual friends, we don't,
yeah, we just had mutual friends. Um They actually, well there are a lot older than I was. They were friends of my parents and they um he would help um The other gentleman, he he also tinkers with cars and stuff and he was very handy so whenever they needed anything they worked together, so he would call him over. Um And they were good friends with my parents so then they would always be over at the same time. Uh It went not and just hanging out and realized we had a lot of the same interests and likes and you
know
like
Yeah. She is 34.
No, is that he
spent
three years more than I am.
Mhm. So um actually my husband, he has a co worker that does surveys on top. He's like involved with five other surveys um survey things and he told my husband about it and he's like, hey you're looking for stuff to do, why don't you do surveys? So I'm like, well, I don't know. So I started last year but I didn't do very well. I didn't keep up with it because I was just like, man, these are just little surveys. I don't know. But then this year I decided to because of the covid and stuff, I'm like, you know what, I'm going to try some more and the more I've been doing it, the more I realized, oh, I should be doing this more often.
I do,
oh no, I was doing um anywhere, but I think the average, I do about $4 a day.
So
I think
um, it's not always that many. It's sometimes we'll get like five or six, but they just will add up to 20 here, you know, that 80 cents here. And so,
and
I really well I do have a
quick question. How did you guys end up in Japan?
Thanks.
Go
in
that.
What?
Um no, I think that was my main question that I was curious about.
You teach theory.
Thank you.