Oh I cannot explain. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well you can buy he was talking about the last common watch. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hi
I'm good about you.
Sorry. The last time I did this the person didn't show up so I had my ipad out thinking well I'll just keep myself busy. But you showed
up so thank you.
So I usually start these with you know introduction. So would you like to tell me about yourself or would you like me to go first?
Well that's good.
Mhm. You must live in a big house.
Sorry, it's a little bit jerky. Can you hear me? I would know you're frozen. Oh dear. Hello?
Your
face
has disappeared.
I
can
I can
hear you but I can't see you. It's gone to some kind of blank silhouette. So I think we've lost your video because of connection problems. Can you see me?
I
can I can't see you but I can hear you. I don't know if we should continue. If I can, I can hear but not see. Maybe the video will come back so maybe we should carry on.
there you go. There you are, just back for a second.
Okay, everything's good now. Okay, so great.
So I'll tell you about me and then I have some questions for you and maybe you'll have some
questions for me. So, so I'm, my name is Sherry, your chantel. I'm Sherry and I'm 56 I live in northern California near the Oregon border. I'm not actually from California, actually from pennsylvania, but I've moved around a little bit in life, not a ton. I lived in pennsylvania until I was 20 for 23 then I moved to California with my boyfriend who is now my husband. We've been married for about 30 33 years. Um and we lived in Japan for 23 years and we came back to California in 2012 and he became a therapist in, in Japan. I was a teacher and I wrote textbooks and did a
lot of layout work and um, now I am a homemaker. I don't have any Children, I only have a cat. Um, we live in a pretty small place, so even if we wanted a dog, I wouldn't have any space for a dog, but actually I like dogs fine, but I'm more of a cat person. So, um, I am, I don't really have what I call hobbies, although I do like cooking and baking and I do right reviews for free products and um that's like almost a full time job because I get lots and lots of things. Um, so that's kind of part of the work I do besides the homemaking, and I love writing.
I've actually written a book, so, um that's pretty
much it. So,
so I wanted
to ask you about your craft. I'm sorry, please you first.
Um well, I met my husband as a pen pal back before there was the internet and we communicated by cassette tapes. And so I fell in love with him and we didn't even meet face to face. So we actually conducted a long distance relationship, sight unseen for 10 months before we physically met. But we knew we knew we were going to be together for the rest of our lives because we we were so compatible, even even just at a distance, I mean, I fell in love with him the second time he sent me a cassette, so I just immediately wanted with him and a couple months later, he he was in love with me to even though we still hadn't seen each other. And so it's about that relationship and how it happened because it was a long period of time and it was very unusual. Now people have distance relationships all the time, don't they? I mean even people they've never met, but back then this was 1980 80 87 1987 88 that this happened and in 87 people didn't do that. People thought I was crazy, I had to hide it from my parents. And um because, you know, they thought it's dangerous to have a relationship with someone who you've never met. So the book is about that. Yeah. So if if you're interested in it's called The Last Long Distance Relationship and it's um it's on amazon, but you know,
don't. So yes, that's what the book is about. It took me seven years to write it because well because I went through all we have thousands of pieces of correspondence and about 100 of the cassette tapes and I went through them and meticulously chronicled it. Um not in the book but I mean in terms of getting the framework so I was careful to be true to history essentially. So so yeah and I'm working on a second book and that's more about living in Japan and the experiences that I had there. So um that keeps me pretty busy so so I'm sorry. So I wanted to ask you about your your crafts business, what kind of crafts do you do?
It's
very
fuzzy, it's very fuzzy but it
looks for
what I can tell. It looks pretty good. I wish it was clearer, it's just our apple cider on it.
So though I'm sorry, it's so funny. I can't tell others. Real flowers, dried flowers. Um
Plate flowers. Okay. Okay.
I
think
it's the connection. That's the problem. I think it's just really pixelated but it can't be helped don't worry about I just I just can't see super clearly. So so so yes you have an Etsy shop and you sell those
which
yeah I bet I bet. So is the pandemic affecting
your ability to sell things in your local area?
Right. Right. So so do you live in a fairly populous area that you can find a lot of garages? Because I actually live I mean I lived in Tokyo for 23 years so living in a big city is awesome but now I live in a small town that has only 4000 people and you could never do what you're doing here because there just wouldn't be enough. Is the area of living in like a city?
Right. Okay. So it's a little easier to go find things like that seasonal as well because there probably aren't too many sales in the winter. You're in New Mexico, you said, does it get hot New Mayor cold in New Mexico in the winter? It does.
Yeah, I actually know nothing about your weather.
Sorry.
Right, so actually
here it's 59 degrees right now and this is actually warmed up a lot from this morning. I'm sitting here with a blanket on my lap and a hot cup of tea and wearing three layers of clothes. So I can't say I envy you because I prefer cold weather but I I would like it a little bit warmer than it is here. So we're not because everybody always thinks California's super warm and sunny, but not the whole state, obviously not the northern parts especially, so yeah, so that does impact us a little bit more. I imagine christmas might be a particularly good time for you if you're making things like reads.
Yeah, well everybody wants
to buy
them to. All right.
What?
That's very cheap for handmade. Yeah.
Right. Do you do any other kinds of crafts or just just those? Not that that's not enough for anything, but just
I think
cross stitch is a little old fat and now maybe people are not so into that.
Which
part
did you
live
in? Are there no?
Westchester's which part of pennsylvania said
you're from the eastern side, I'm from the western side, about two hours north of Pittsburgh. So yeah, you were from from the liberal side, I'm from the unfortunately conservative side, the side that's
a little bit, you know, close minded, so yeah, so how
did you
get from
New Mexico from from that, from being born there?
three went to college?
What did you major in in college?
Mm. You don't
work in education though because your house housewife, homemaker, I see, I guess because having kids it's difficult to work because it's more expensive to pay for childcare than to actually work. Yeah. How old are your kids,
wow. So what does your partner do?
that's
rough time. Yeah,
I know,
it's horrible, isn't it? Wow.
Rank.
so bad. It's funny when I was, I mean you look quite young, I assume you were between 25 35 but you look like maybe 28 or something. How old are you?
Okay. I was, I was in the ballpark, so I'm 56 so I'm a lot older than you when I was growing up, that wasn't the way it was. And then I was out of the country for 23 years between like age 24 47 when I came back, America had changed so much and the education system was one of those things because they didn't educate us to get test scores when I was growing up. I mean when you were growing up, was it like that?
And it's just, I was stunned because that was one of the things that actually is the case with the education system in Japan is that they just test and test and test and all they care about our test scores and always thought, well the american system is better than that because we teach people critical thinking, we teach them a wider scope, we teach them more creativity and then I come back and America's like Japan and like what happened? So it is, I assume it has to do with kind of quantifying um, the value of students in a certain way, which is very kind of uh objective rather than doing something a little bit more subjective, something. Yeah. And it's just everything about coming back to America. I'm sorry, I have to say I was disappointed. People are angrier. Um, things were so dirty and broken because living in Japan it's so clean and well maintained and, and I came back and it's like, it's like a post apocalyptic, you know, decay. Um and it wasn't like that when I left either, but of course I left in 1989. So I was just stunned by how things have changed for the worse in the time I was gone. I mean 23 years is a long time, but I had a lot more confidence in America than I guess was warranted. But but yeah, it's unfortunate and I can understand. I also have friends who are teachers who have expressed the same frustration that you just mentioned yet. So do you think you will never go back to teaching because of the system, even though your kids will eventually be old enough, you won't have to worry.
Running.
everywhere.
I think almost unless unless you're like the bay Area in new york city where there's a lot more wealth. Yeah. But yeah, here it's the same, it's either you're you're well now there's a tiny middle class, well, I'm middle class. Um My husband's a therapist, he's actually working from home in the next room. So And but but we it took us a long time to get here because when we came back, neither of us had any marketable skills. He went to grad school and did an internship. He wasn't paid for 3000 hours of interning. So it's the system in America so hard to get yourself on that track. We found out and we're kind of we're older, but we're like people who just got out of high school and high school college in a way because we had no track record that mattered in America, like our work experience is a black hole. Yeah. So I do know how hard it is.
I'm stunned that they would do that. That is very terrible to tell kids they can't. I mean, does sometimes set them up for a sense of not trying in the future? Yeah.
Yeah, I can understand that. So I'm sorry. So you were born in New Mexico, is that right?
Michigan wow. So michigan pennsylvania and New Mexico, have
you looked?
Ah that explains it, yeah.
How did you meet your husband
way?
Was
he in
law enforcement when you met him? Is he older than you? Because he said he can retire soon ish.
Not that much older, Just
bit
older.
So I see I see so so curious. How did you get involved with prolific? Because I ask everybody this because I am curious how they found it and what?
Uh huh. How much do you tend to average per month making through prolific? Another question
I ask everybody.
Really. That's great. How
do you
how do you get many surveys?
I I think those two, but they never add up to, I mean I actually averaged about $100 a month, which is not quite as good as you, but it's it's not too far. But I take every survey I can
and you know, doing this is probably one of the best ones, not only because it pays well, but because it's more interesting to talk to people. Yes.
Please.
Okay. Oh, that's that's a good question with a slightly complicated answer. But so
when when I met my husband as a pen pal, um and I fell in love with him. I didn't tell him how I felt because you know, I'm a crazy person. I fell in love with a guy after hearing him talking a cassette tape for 90 minutes essentially. And and I have this thing where it's called limericks, where you kind of really fall for people really hard and it sticks with you. And I knew I was like this. So I'm thinking this has to go away because I hate this. I don't want to be feeling this way, but I couldn't stop myself, but I didn't tell him. So for a couple of months were exchanging these tapes almost rapid fire. Like I sent him like a couple hours of tapes and he sends like five hours back and it's just essentially talking on a monologue and then we're doing this rapid fire. And then when he, when he finally, I felt the same way about me, he'd already signed a contract to go work for a year in Japan as a teacher. And so that's made it all that much harder because it's a big in pennsylvania and he's from California, which is how I ended up in California instead of conducting our relationship between states, we conducted it between countries for the 10 months we were apart and it was just unbearable, you know, this distance thing. And finally we scraped up enough money because also back then people couldn't fly just anywhere, you know, it's so much cheaper to travel now. Um, I had to spend what would have been the modern day equivalent of like $2000 to fly pan. And I, I grew up poor and I was poor and he was middle class, but he didn't have a ton of money either. So we, between the two of us, we scraped up enough money for me to go to Japan and finally meet him and I stayed with him for a whole month. Um, and that was how I met him and it was amazing. I mean he was amazing Japan, I liked to but just I was so happy and it was like a honeymoon, it was fantastic. So that month in Japan was our first time together and then he came back after that year was up and we lived in California in his home area, which is in Silicon Valley for about a year and it just wasn't working out for us because it's so expensive there even back then, even in 1989 it was expensive and we had okay jobs but not enough to really kind of break out and go and I wasn't happy there, I don't like California, I still don't like California. Um And uh and and we just decided to go back to Japan because we were happy there and we could both you know work because if you have a bachelor's degree in any field minds and psychology and his was in business finance um but you can any, any degree you can teach in Japan. And back then jobs were more plentiful and better paying than they are now. Now it's not such a great gig, which is why one of the reasons we left, but the big reason is he just really wanted a career change and to become a therapist. So um we went there and we were happier there and we just stayed there for 23 years and we stayed there until we reached an age because I was for when I was 44 he was 45 because he's two years older than me. Um We realized we had to make a choice which is either we continue to save money like mad people for our retirement or come back to americans, start paying into the retirement systems because we wouldn't qualify for japanese retirement. So between him wanting to be a therapist and us needing to think about our retirement and the job market shrinking, we came back here. But honestly um I do miss it. I mean just the lifestyle is very different there. I mean the japanese are um Tokyo, I could see the japanese, I'm sure other places are different, much more cosmopolitan than the american experience. Um and and very emotionally controlled here, everybody radiates either uh kind of a angry energy or a excited
energy. The energy levels in America like this, whereas the
energy
levels like this. So it's a very calm kind of experience you get on a train, everybody's quiet, looking at their phone, reading a book, staring into space. And in the american people are like uh so it's a little bit much back here, especially after acclimating to that culture. But yeah we ended up there because of how we met and it was great but it was I mean it was imperfect. The japanese are really racist actually. So
um but it was still easier to live in that country even though we got stared at or some people were rude or whatever it is, it's a little bit like being black in America only without the risk to your life. Um The police did stop us sometimes and ask for I. D. Even though we didn't do anything just walking down the street. So it does happen there uh just you don't nobody's going to shoot you or beat you or anything, they're just going to harass you. So so yeah so it was it was good though and that's how it happens. So yeah so so so is there anything else you'd like to ask before we wrap up? Because I guess we should be wrapping up.
It was very nice to talk to you Shantel and
good luck with the pandemic and your crafting business and