Yeah. Okay. Hey I just read an unbelievable article in the Upper Times. Take a look. It's an investigation into the mysterious origin. Right? We know that. Yeah. Oh and you somebody no weapon insight. Mhm. Right
wait a minute let me get rid of us. I
hi what is your name
Alex? I'm gina
Nice to meet you. So we're supposed to talk for 25 minutes.
That
sounds great. That sounds great. So I don't I don't know how to begin a conversation with the person I've never met before.
Well wait a minute let me ask you a question. Where are you?
Right I'm in New Jersey so right
It is right now it is 2:15 p. m. my time.
What
time is it where you are?
so it's still the morning? Right.
Just barely. All right so let me see how was my day today? Um I don't know if you have a pandemic where you are but there's a
pandemic in New Jersey
so things have been really crazy.
I was able I was able to go food shopping today but when you go to the store you have to mask up You have to separate yourself so it's every like six ft. Um and then they started rationing the amount of people that could go into the store. So I don't know I felt a little anxious. I think I think I felt a little bit anxious about going food shopping and I had to go to three different stores I had to go to. Um I don't know if you have these stores in Arizona but we have an L d. Have you heard LD
what about shop? Right
wow okay so those are two grocery stores. So I ended up having to go to two grocery stores to get what I needed and you know it was a little bit intense. I felt like it was a little bit intense. I was glad to finally get home.
That's true. Those are two good things that are coming out of the pandemic is less traffic and cheaper gas, but um you know, it can, it's just like you said, it's a bit freaky. Um What about you? Did you have breakfast this morning?
You had
some chips,
the Breakfast of Champions. I just
had some coffee, I just had some coffee this morning and um I'm going to go to my sister's later on today and we are going to play a card game. Mhm. And we're going to eat dinner And um she's going to make hamburgers and coleslaw and sort of like a chef salad, so I'm excited about that. And she lives about 45 minutes away from me, so it's gonna be, it's gonna take us roughly an hour to get there. What about you?
What are your
what did you say?
It
sounds like a bit of a track, so so tell me a little bit about you, do you have plans for today?
You just finished your senior year of high school?
Congratulations.
So
you graduate?
You graduated last week?
Oh how do you feel about not being able to celebrate now?
That seems like a really really healthy attitude Alex, I think that that's a great attitude to have and so you're going to be celebrating your graduation in july, wow, so that's at least once. That's another thing that's changed is that you can't go to school.
Really? I you know what? You're not the only person, I've heard that from my um my neighbors, actually a music teacher. And he said that he had a lot of students before that weren't doing their homework and now no one's even bothering, no one's bothering to do any of their homework. And he says, how do you teach, how do you teach in front of a computer screen? How do you talk to the students and try to motivate them because you're just posting everything online? Has that been your experience?
So
so how how would you say your grades are?
you're smart? Do you have to work hard for those A's or do you just
Is a 91 considered an a.
So
that's
what
you do to to to make sure that you pass?
So is school basically done for you now?
you you
um I can't see you. Is there any way to fix it?
I'm hoping you will too.
No, I I basically, you know what I see? I see like a shadow of a person, like a gray silhouette on the front of the background. But I can't see you. Can you see
me?
That's really weird.
That's really weird.
That's
I'm hoping it doesn't matter. I'm hoping it's I hope you pop up soon. So tell me about the navy, tell me about this.
There you are.
I can see you now. I can see you now. So you you start where do you go first?
North Chicago for? And what are you going to be doing there
two months of boot camp?
Yeah. Yeah. And like
wake up early, are you going to be doing push ups and sit ups and running five miles a day?
You
don't know.
Absolutely
not
You
you don't want to be the guy that ends up getting yelled at and like you know have the finger pointed at him because he is the slowest one slowing everybody
down.
Well, just so
after after you go to Chicago then. Where are you going?
How did you
even get into this program?
Now do you are you do you come from a military family?
Wow. That's incredible. That's I don't think I've met anybody that was in the navy.
I'm going to tell you. I think that that's probably a plus that there'll be someone there that you know, I would. Yeah. Are you are you are you a little bit nervous?
so
you're going to take you're going to take that nervous energy and put it into exercise. That's what you're gonna do. So have you started yet?
When
did
you start?
And what do you do? What does your regiment look like?
you're gonna miss your girlfriend I assume.
Oh, that's tough. How long have you been together?
Yeah, that's really really nice. Yeah, I'm sure you're going to miss her. What's her name?
Taylor. It's a good it's a great name. That's a great
name. It's
is
she the same, is she the same age as she also a senior?
So she can't she can't go with you. She can also join the Navy
and go with you.
She still
has
to graduate,
still has to graduate. I mean, go on.
Right. That's a
ask you what is ASU Arizona State University? Arizona State University? Right. Well that's a big difference. Chemistry versus in an aesthetician, two really different things.
Right. Right. Oh, that's fantastic. That's fantastic. So let me ask you uh you said that you've been exercising and working out and doing push ups and sit ups and you know I'm thinking I might want to join a gym. This is a huge deal for me Alex huge deal.
I'm thinking if I can go twice a week Just walk on the treadmill. I mean like really bare minimum stuff. Right I'm way older than you. How old are you? You're 18 years old, Okay I'm 46, I'm an old lady, I'm an old lady. So for me going to the gym twice a week and walking on the treadmill or do dare to dream maybe join like a class one of those like fitness classes if I could do that. I feel so good about myself.
Well
a pandemic. So right now right all the all the gyms are closed, everything is closed. But today I managed to do a little bit of gardening and I know that that's not the same thing as push ups and sit ups. I know it's not the same thing but I got out there
there's
nothing wrong with gardening. All right so I did some gardening today and I did some weeding and um there are these um do you have a garden? I
Do you have a pool?
Is it covered?
Is it covered
or?
So sometimes in august when you go in the pool the water is like bathwater am I? Right it's not very refreshing. Yeah.
So it's like you want to you want to cool off and go into the pool but the water is like bath water. Is that true? And,
Well that's good
pretty
quickly. My friends lives in or she did live she lived in mesa. So where's mesa in relationship to phoenix?
Just the debt
we're
if.
All right but aren't you in phoenix?
so the name of your town is good year. All right But so it's sort of like a a bedroom community of phoenix, it's like an outside outskirts area. So my
it's a phoenix suburb. So my friend lives in Mesa or at least she did like she moved recently so now I'm not sure where exactly she is, but I thought she was in Mesa and she had a pretty big pool and I went to visit her in, oh my God, I think it was july dude, it was so hot and you're not like they say it's a dry heat. I don't care because instantly, basically if you've ever had pizza and you open up the pizza oven and you get a blast of very very hot but very dry air. But it's still a lot man,
it's still hot, it's still really hot and I almost felt like when I was breathing in I felt like it was sucking the moisture from my lungs, it was terrible. And
do you,
Never stops
raining. Is
that
true?
Is that true about Oregon?
And it will change because it's,
is that true?
Uh You know that happened to me maybe two weeks ago, one day. It was freaky, it was crazy, It was like first it was sunny, then we had hail, then we had like snow, then it was raining, it was crazy, and in my whole life, my whole life, I've never experienced a day like that.
Did you, what do you prefer? Do you prefer phoenix or do you prefer Oregon?
it's expensive and phoenix is a lot cheaper, I mean is that is that why your parents decided to move just because of the price of the house?
Oh really? That's great. Um and you have 65 siblings? Five siblings. Are your parents religious?
so they're christian. Are they devout? Fairly devout? I try, I try to be devout. Do you consider yourself devout?
Did you go to church every week?
Okay, so usually you did, but you've stopped.
So when they were open, you would go every weekend, ideally I'm looking for a church that's open like friday night because I don't want to go, I don't want to go to church sunday in the morning.
I
hear you. I hear you. Yeah.
Oh, that's, see, I like that,
I like that. So you get to sleep in if you want. That's really nice. So what are your siblings
names?
No,
not at all. I'm actually really interested. So you've got Nicholas, he's the eldest, he lived in Vegas with his girlfriend and they're going to be moving back to Arizona, have all the things.
you're a happy birthday to your brother. Happy birthday Nicholas.
you look like a woman, this woman that I don't know wish you happy birthday. Very happy birthday. So who's next
wow that's really impressive. Yeah.
M. I. T.
M. I. T. Is what does it stand for mask?
Yeah I m I. T. I heard is very it's a big school. So is she still in mitt?
is she is she doing classes online or school over? Is school over at MIT?
that's
good
for her, good for her. So that's Daphne.
Hello how are you doing? You're in between.
He's your favorite.
That's really important. That's really important. How so
Lucas
how old, wow.
All
right Great Lucas, 16 years old. And he's in high school I take it right
I
know
what
sticks.
Phoebe and Philip They're they're 12 or 13 twins, wow.
What do you think
you think they're 12? How many
deaths?
So how many bathrooms do you have?
So that's enough for people to break it down and pear?
Right. Well I mean could you imagine, can you imagine that many people with only one bathroom? That would be a nightmare.
That's
funny.
That's
that.
It
is what it is. So do you like your house?
It's been about
you said 2015
so it's been about five years.
So really you haven't been living there that long? But does it feel like home? That's nice.
Who did you change
with?
Who did you train with?
Oh good for you, Good for you.
But
you said that Daphne is back? So where is she
it?
Oh is she? I bet you she wishes she had her room back.
she can fight you for it. That's funny. So when are
you, when are you going to be leaving for? For Chicago? What
chip?
So
oh, you have plenty of time to get ready. I mean I'm not saying you should rest on your laurels. I really think we should be exercising. However it gives you plenty of time to get in shape.
What?
racist. Why?
Wow. That's so weird. You can't have braces at boot camp so they have to wait for you to go and get your braces off and then you can go to boot camp.
It's here,
You're tired of them. How many years did you have been? one
stop.
All right. But so how long have you had your braces on? Yeah.
Smile.
Smile. They look really
good. They look really straight.
They weren't
worked
well.
No,
me to you know what my, my mouth looked like. It almost looked like a bottle opener. It my my my teeth were like that and they were wide. It was terrible. It was the worst. And 11 last thing before we go. Have you thought about running at all?
Like
have you thought about have you thought about maybe like jogging or running to get your heart rate up?
Right. Right. How hot is it today?
that's terrible. That's terrible. Alright
Alex I guess time is up. It was wonderful talking to you and getting to know you a little bit
better. Tell your brother. I said happy birthday and enjoy the rest
of your
day. Oh
by
the way can I ask you questions? Are we supposed to do we close
this? What were the directions?
Well