yeah.
Hi, how are you?
My name is Alex
Got you, Nice to meet you, gina,
Something like that. Here we can get exact, Hey, Google set a timer for 25 minutes, 25 minutes. There we go, we're
starting.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know just how's your morning going so far, What have you done?
Um I'm currently in my bedroom out in phoenix, Arizona,
little more morning for me than it is for you.
Got you, got
you.
It's 11:15. I'm three hours behind you.
Just just barely
huh.
Yeah, I think we got that same issue around here.
Absolutely not. Very strange.
I have not, no,
nope, don't have that either.
Yeah, absolutely. It's everything's real strange right now, you don't have too much traffic on the road, at least gas is cheap, you know? But everything else is a little freaky.
um I have not eaten today. I probably should get around to that after this. But um I had some chips so
Brexit
champions.
absolutely
it's
a lot of experience. Yeah,
it's a bit of a track out there, you
know.
Um for today, not all too much is going on, We're getting a motorcade thing organized. I just finished my senior year of high school,
I just
got that rap not even a week ago
and
thank you.
Uh Not technically, but I have all my classes done, we're looking to hold a ceremony early july.
it's unfortunate, but it's the way the world is going to be for a little bit and if we can get used to that for now, it will be easier in the long room.
Mhm. Yeah, we've been doing online classes for a while, it's a little bit more of a struggle. Um But it's, it's nothing too much to manage. The problem is it's just not terribly useful. It keeps you in the in the loop of hey, you're gonna be doing classes, but you don't gain too much from them. Uh It's really hard to learn outside of a classroom is all we've discovered.
Absolutely. Yeah. I'm not going to pretend I didn't skip a couple assignments here and there that I knew I didn't need. Um my grade point average is pretty solid. I said, hey, if I'm going to keep my a, I'm gonna not do this week, spoke, have homework, you
know,
um I've had straight A's every year, high school. Mhm.
relatively I do what I can to keep about a 91 across the board.
Yes, just barely,
that's
the
idea,
You gotta, you gotta minimize your effort as long as you're putting in the right spots.
Just about, yeah, it was it was kind of done for me a couple months ago, I enlisted into the Navy nuclear engineering program. Um So around october, I'll be getting out of here all together. Um
But
Um I'm not too certain. Hopefully I'll just flash back up in a second.
Maybe if I mute my mic and that that do anything.
that's
weird. I can see you. Yeah.
Yeah,
it looks like I'm getting your video, but you're not getting mine. Hopefully
it'll pop back up and a little bit here.
sure the basic gist of it is all spent two months at recruit training in Illinois and then I'll head to south Carolina for about two years.
To
Uh Great Lakes Illinois, basically. North Chicago.
That's two months. Just boot camp.
Mhm. Uh I gotta get I gotta learn how to get yelled at is all I know.
Help.
Just about I'm already trying to get started in terms of the fitness stuff. Uh No reason to show up being at the back
of the pack.
you
got yourself
in the middle at least.
Come on.
Were
you? Yeah, there's no nothing good will come from that,
but
Uh There there's two months of boot camp in Chicago and then there's a good year and a half to two years of specialist training on how to work on a nuclear reactor.
And
um well initially I wanted to be a diver specifically, I wanted to underwater welding such salvage whatever. Um But they, my recruiter got my as Vab scores and he said you're probably going to qualify for the nuclear program if you have any interest in that. And I said well what's the upsides? And he said um well you'll get a little bit more time off, you'll get better hourly pay Um and you're also gonna get a $40,000 signing bonus. Yeah that's hard to turn down.
Uh Not very um Not since my grandparents has anybody been military. Um But my dad encouraged it pretty heavily. He said if you want to go be a diver you should do it through the military instead of a trade school. Just because it's going to set you up a little better, you're going to get some more experience, you're gonna lose less money in the long term, you know?
Mhm. Um I have only I have a lot of friends going into the Navy actually, which is interesting. Um Specifically from my high school um There's some five dudes just from my circle that are all going Navy. Um One of my best buds, Dylan, he's also going into the nuclear program. We're leaving it almost the same time. Will probably be in the same dorm or however they're going to do that in Carolina
Uh Well of course. But you can only be so nervous for small on you gotta you gotta federal sooner
or later.
Yes. Probably could do a little bit more, but you know, we'll get
there. I got a
while
a few weeks ago.
Just push ups and sit ups to failure a couple times a day. Sometimes we'll go for a jog with my girlfriend and her dog, you know?
Yeah, we'll see what happens.
Um It is May so nearly a year and a half.
her name is Taylor.
I
think so
too.
She's a junior currently she's a year behind me.
No
she can't no
I
don't
think she wants to.
right now she's working on figuring out whether or not she wants to go to um trade school or college to do cosmetics and be an aesthetician specifically.
Um She was looking at going to a S. U. For chemistry and a couple other things just to work on that. But yeah
She had a esthetician um that her mother brought in contact with her just to say hey um ask her questions. Um Talk about both. You know your skin and also um career.
I know I know.
Well then do it
you know.
They along with gardening.
Come on.
I do not. Our backyards kind of baron and in the sun
we do have a pool thankfully
otherwise
concrete.
It is not no.
it's it gets rather warm later on. Yeah.
depends on the size of the pool. I've had it happen at other folks usually minds pretty decent. Um It's enough that doesn't heat up too much over the summer.
But yeah, if you've got a smaller fixture it'll definitely heat up pretty
quickly.
Um Let me get my cardinal directions right mesa I think is just going to be a bit northeast of here.
Like more peanuts. Yeah, we're
where east of phoenix uh
and their north of phoenix, I think
I'm technically like Goodyear, I'm a little ways out, but
It's a to phoenix suburb.
That's getting out of the car.
All I can say is you get used to it,
I'm not in Arizona native, I moved here with my folks from Oregon in summer of 15, you know They you know drug six kids out here just because um but Oregon's green, but it never stops raining so
you know
here
we
will have.
Mhm. Um Well there's a there's an adage that we had around there for a little while, which was if you don't like the weather in Oregon, wait five minutes.
And on this one
uh it's it's raining, it's sunny. Uh The strangest thing I can remember was going from snow to hail to sunshine, back to snow in one day.
Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, Oregon's funky
um I'm gonna say at this point phoenix just because I'm used to it, it makes the most sense now. Um But from an outsider perspective, i it's a toss up if you're looking to buy a house, it's probably not Oregon just because the market is awful. Bye.
Economics for one. we rented houses for way too long around Oregon, but also we had just job opportunities out here.
They are christian but they are not uh if you're thinking they're mormon, they're not
Um Not as much as I should sometimes but
not as of late but. Yes.
Yeah. Yes, just because while they're closed. Mhm.
It's Sunday mornings are the time where you need to sleep for an extra three hours if you can, you
know
Because our service that I go to is Sunday at five p.m.
China, I'm under it all.
it's
a um The eldest is Nicholas, he's currently living in Vegas with his girlfriend, they're looking to move back here pretty soon. Um Nick's gonna start working with our dad's company but I'm talking too much about each one of
them already.
Uh He is 21 as of two days ago.
Yeah. Um I'll let him know you said so.
Uh Then there's Daphne, she's currently at home, she was attending her first gear at M. I. T. This last for a while.
Absolutely,
she's studying,
that's the massive Research Institute of Technology.
Yes but not at this moment they've got everything shut down, she's around here for now.
I think she might have wrapped up her last couple finals in the past day or so but
I don't
know
And then I'm third of age. Hello?
Good good. Then there's my younger brother luke. Um He's my favorite.
Uh We get along really well. Um.
I think
so,
Luke is 16, going on 17 and a couple
months.
Yeah he's trying to figure out what he wants to do still um
he's
kind of throwing whatever at the wall and seeing what sticks
for
now. Um and then the last two Our Phoebe and Philip they are twins. I think they're 13 but I don't remember if they're 12 or not
I think there.
but
I
think they're 13.
Three.
we get Mhm. We fight over the one that's the most populated, you know it's got two sinks so you figure they could leave the door unlocked once and once in a while
at that point you're saying if you if you got if you just go number one you're going in the backyard
and
it's the way the
world it is,
what it
is,
Uh Yeah we bought this um
november
along the steer,
we've we've moved once since Um we've been in this house for since November of 2018.
and I've changed rooms just once so
it
is the first time
um Daphne went to college and I took her room as quickly as possible
For the first time in 17 years, I had my own
room,
she's holed
up with Phoebe.
Uh She can fight me for it is all I'm saying.
great
My
current ship date is set for October
26.
thank you. I can't, it could be bumped up a little bit more maybe september mid september or so. Um But
as long as I have these things on uh they can't take me anywhere.
because they can't have them at boot camp, they gotta be gone.
Yeah, which should be in
months here. Not too long, but when thankfully it's not going to be too long. I'm tired of these.
Hey google,
stop alarm.
Um Nearly two years now. I'm not sure exactly, I think it would be september would be
two years.
Well
thank you because they weren't before,
I'll
tell you that
I could slot a dime between my two
front teeth.
Well define thought
about
yes, but I definitely be doing that on an elliptical or treadmill because it is too hot out already.
Um Hey google, how hard is it today Today in Goodyear expect a high of 94 and a low of 66 94.
India.
Absolutely.
Well
there
you
too.
thanks.
Uh here I'll switch over to the other time. Yeah it says I think
close this one yeah. Mhm. Yeah close this one and then hit next on the other thing I believe