SPEAKER_L: nobody's here. Big Shocker. No 1's here, Yeah, mhm, Right, Yeah, yeah, yeah, wow, love you. Oh, the mayor, Thank you too. Uh huh. Oh, good morning.
SPEAKER_R: good morning, Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: good. How
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm doing pretty pretty alright, just woke up, so.
SPEAKER_L: you just woke up, Yeah, Okay. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it's um I don't know if we're in different time zones, but at seven a.m. So
SPEAKER_L: yeah, at seven a.m. Here, where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Atlanta. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I am in Pittsburgh, well, about a half hour outside of Pittsburgh.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay. Uh I've been to Pittsburgh once and that was for
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: a um it was for a school like science fair trip. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: I had to go to Pittsburgh and it was it was really pretty city, I liked it, it was it was very like walkable, like you could walk to everything uh if you were downtown and that was pretty fun. Uh Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we have a lot of bridges,
SPEAKER_R: and a lot of bridges. Yes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: lot of bridges, mhm.
SPEAKER_R: But it was not, yeah, there's no um
SPEAKER_L: Mm,
SPEAKER_R: there's no like, because I I go to Georgia Tech, which is like right in Atlanta, uh like right in like midtown downtown Atlanta and there's no like water in Atlanta, like there's no rivers or like anything, so no, okay, so it's not, it's not as pretty
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: as Pittsburgh, but Mhm
SPEAKER_L: you're still in college?
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I am, I'm a sophomore, a second year. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: what are you studying
SPEAKER_R: I study
SPEAKER_L: and interesting? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: I, uh, I graduated, you're making me feel so old. I graduated from college in 2008, um with a business degree and an accounting degree and I, unfortunately 2008 was when, you know, the, the economy kind of went to
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: hell.
SPEAKER_R: recession.
SPEAKER_L: So I wasn't able to really find a job, so I'll end up doing management and um, you know, like retail management type positions. And then I had kids. Uh So now I'm a stay at her mom. Guys, stop, stop, my dogs are playing. So now I'm a stay at home, mom And I have two girls, one is 9 and the other 16. Well.
SPEAKER_R: I have, let's see, I think I have one sister, younger sister that six and another one that, Well in my seven and 9, I've younger sisters that are seven and 9.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my goodness, you're just you just keep making me feel, I feel ancient. Oh my
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I actually have, well, let's see,
SPEAKER_L: put
SPEAKER_R: I have, yeah, nine siblings total, so um The two youngest ones are 7-9, and then
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: mm I love that I think, and I'm really not sure of their ages, let's see. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Oh.
SPEAKER_R: my oldest, my my two older siblings are older than me there, I think 24 and 22. Um And like they're moved out and everything. Um and then I have a brother that's the same age as me, um 19 who goes to a different school in Georgia. And then I have, let's see, my next youngest sibling is in eight it's grade. Um And then And then 7th grade and then 6th grade and then like fourth and first or something.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my your parents uh I have to and I'm like sometimes I don't know how I could handle two, I couldn't imagine.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's definitely it's definitely hectic. There's never a quiet or dull moment in the house. Um So yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Now do you stay on campus?
SPEAKER_R: Yes right now I'm on campus. Um
SPEAKER_L: they like shut down? Do you actually go to class or?
SPEAKER_R: No all of my classes
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: are
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: in our online, like on a zoom call. Um Except for my labs because you can't you can't really do a lab online. So um I go to in person labs. Well they're they're finished now because the semester's almost over. Um But every other week I would go to in person lab and there would only be four people in there uh in the room at once. Um But
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, pretty much everything is shut down, everything is online, especially at this point. Uh The semester is like wrapping up so yeah we like they take like a lot of precautions um on campus, like everybody is required to wear a mask. Uh if they're in any buildings
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and all the students do weekly testing, so
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I'm
SPEAKER_R: they have,
SPEAKER_L: that's fun.
SPEAKER_R: well they have they have free testing uh for all the students
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: and uh they ask you to do it once a week just to uh like check and like as like a surveillance to make sure you know you haven't been affected. Um But it's not like it's like a it's a really quick test, like you just have to like spit in a cup. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: it's not that crazy thing
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: in your now?
SPEAKER_R: not the nose. No, that would that would be that would be unfortunate.
SPEAKER_L: the book.
SPEAKER_R: Um So yeah, it's really easy and it takes like two minutes, so like on your way to, you know, go to the library or something, you can just stop and test and it's really quick. Um So yeah, they've been doing a lot to like make sure uh that it doesn't get bad here on campus and so far it's been pretty minimalist and like Like 1% of people who get tested per day come back positive And they do around 1000 test today I think. So it's been pretty, it's been pretty good here on campus or I guess not good, but it hasn't been bad.
SPEAKER_L: Well, that's good. Yeah, that's good. Things are getting pretty bad up here are cases have are like double triple than what we had in the spring.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's uh I think it's getting bad everywhere, like it's getting the worst, it's been um it was kind of it's kind of it's kind of funny. Well I guess it's not funny but it's it's strange to look at like um in the spring
SPEAKER_L: With
SPEAKER_R: when they sent everybody home from college. I know here in Georgia there was only like 20 cases in the state when they sent everybody home. And now now in Georgia I think there's 300,000 something over 300,000. And you know, like everybody still like nothing, nothing in Georgia is on lockdown, which is strange.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think in the spring when my kids, it was the end of March because it was right around, yeah, right around the end of March, um they had, You know, said, Oh, we're moving everything to virtual and at that point we were only maybe getting, you know, six or 700 cases a day. And Now I think yesterday we had an all time high way like 60 300 cases. Yesterday we have like a 20% positivity rate. I mean it's it's insane. But yet my kids, well a lot of the lot of the schools around here are virtual are switching all virtual. Mine is hybrid. So my kids go monday Tuesday and then they're virtual Wednesday thursday friday.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I believe, I believe that's like the setup that my um that like my younger siblings time is that would go a few days a week. Um but like the school system they were in, they were just not handling it well at all. So my mom recently moved them to a different school system because because like the other school systems doing all virtual and they're doing like a lot better. So yes, I think now at this
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: point they're all online.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Oh hi. I know.
SPEAKER_R: What kind of dog is that?
SPEAKER_L: Uh This is a Sweeney. I have four dogs, this is a Wienie, her name is lucy and then her sister, this is Tinkerbell. My
SPEAKER_R: baby.
SPEAKER_L: kids named her, she's another Tween E she we got these guys because there was my husband his previous job. Uh The one cleaning lady had Sweeney's at her house. Well she just you know didn't get the boy neutered and one thing led to another you know some some late night frolics in the backyard and she's a little puppy. So she's like you guys want one, we're like, well of course, you know, so that's when we got Tinkerbell and my kids named Tinkerbell, because we had come home from Disney like a week before we got her, and then the next spring comes along, right, and we get this phone call,
SPEAKER_R: The same,
SPEAKER_L: hey, uh they had another date, you know, in the backyard and that's how we got lucy, so they're from different litters, but their same mother, same father. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: And then we have a teddy bear puppy who's behind me on the couch cushion. She's half be sean half shit. So I believe. And then I have a an old guy who's over here drinking water, he's uh college Australia Lab mix, he's 13, so he doesn't do much, he just kind of like lays around the house, gets up to go to the bathroom and then comes back and
SPEAKER_R: he's
SPEAKER_L: goes,
SPEAKER_R: he's getting old. Yeah, I've always said if I if I ever got a dog of my own, that was a girl, I would name it lucy, I don't know. Yeah, I like that name, but um let's see back home, I have For I think I have four dogs also. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, yeah, I have
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: four,
SPEAKER_L: think?
SPEAKER_R: we have a lot of animals, I like, I kind of like live on a farm. Um so like we have like a bunch of cows and chickens and
SPEAKER_L: I was
SPEAKER_R: cats and dogs and a rabbit. Yeah, so um so yeah, let's see, I have one outside dog that you know, stays outside, she's a husky, and her name is tubby.
SPEAKER_L: to be
SPEAKER_R: He um my parents uh like before I was born born, they used to raise, we'll get some before I was born. When I was like young they used to raise huskies um like breed them and they eventually they eventually stopped, but one of the huskies, they had got hit by a car and
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: like she broke her hip and like had like you have surgery.
SPEAKER_L: great.
SPEAKER_R: Um and that is tubby, so like so they kept her and they were like okay we got to stop doing this. Mhm. And so that was her and then I have three more dogs that stay inside and they're all well actually no no no I have four dogs and stay inside. I have one just like Straight
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: to Chihuahua. A little one, her name is Gizmo and I think she's about probably close to 13, she's
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: pretty old. Um She's getting mean and blind. Which yeah. Um And then I have another one who is uh she's some part chihuahua, some part something else we don't know but her name is Chloe, she's a small one and then we have a larger one named Abby who is also just a mud. I think we like found her on the road or something when she was a puppy. And we have a we also we also have a Weenie whose name is Harley. So
SPEAKER_L: mm there's such cute dogs. You know what I just love that they dig under the blankets, I don't know if yours does that but it must be like the docks in thing. I put blankets out and they have to be under a blanket and they have to like make their little nest in their blanket. Yeah they're so fun. Yeah I I grew up with the animals but I would have loved to have lived on a farm. Um I have animals, I have two cats now, four dogs. Um I have two parents that are over here. Um One of them was mine that I had um that I had bought because I wanted, I fell in love with him and the other one was one of my good girlfriends that moved to Ohio, she has had his name's Gully, he's about I'd say 12 now um she got him when he was about a year old, but she wound up getting pregnant and she had a pre me, I mean he was born at like 26 weeks
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: so you know with going back and forth to the hospital and things like that, she just couldn't, she didn't have time for him, so he came here, so he's here to um so that's how I acquired the other parent high, my
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: old man is whining.
SPEAKER_R: well let's see, living on our farm is not it's not always cut out to me. It's not I don't know me, maybe I'm just not very kind of like you know I don't care for it much because the cows are not like when you drive by like look at them, they like look nice but they're really not there
SPEAKER_L: They smell and they're dirty.
SPEAKER_R: There's smell, they smell terrible and they're dirty and uh especially and like certain times of the year like the males like the bulls, they just get mean and like yeah like
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: unfriendly to you. Um So yeah like we used to have to go out like I used to have to go out and like you like feed them every day which which Is that you have like 30 or 40 cows is a lot. We like we have like barrels full of like grain and we would have to like load a wheelbarrow up of grain and then roll it out there like three or four like loads of it and yeah they just smell bad and okay
SPEAKER_L: Oh no. Now
SPEAKER_R: giving
SPEAKER_L: were they dairy cows or were they, did you guys use them for slaughter? Romney
SPEAKER_R: don't think we had any dairy counts. I think
SPEAKER_L: Ram be buddy?
SPEAKER_R: I think I think we only we raise them too to sell or process. Um
SPEAKER_L: yeah, the process is a nicer work.
SPEAKER_R: so like we we've done that like we've done that with like three or four cows and we've been doing this for I don't know, 6, 5 or six years now and would like three or 4 cows that's like
SPEAKER_L: Remember.
SPEAKER_R: that's like lasted us
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: like until now like they
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: make a like they feel the freezer um
SPEAKER_L: this is they do. They do, Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's it's a lot but yeah. Um Yeah. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: my gosh. Yeah, I want chickens, but my husband told me now I want chickens because I wanted eggs, but he's like, Ashley, you're not going to go out there when it's 20 degrees outside, You know, you don't experience this, but um you know, it gets very cold up here. He says you're not going to go out in the winter and clean out the chicken cube and he's
SPEAKER_R: Let's see
SPEAKER_L: he's right.
SPEAKER_R: our our chickens, I think they just think they just run around uh we have like a coupe like in our barn that they stay in, it's like a large
SPEAKER_L: Run
SPEAKER_R: ones I don't think, I don't know, let's see we like my parents have like the kids go out and collect eggs and stuff like that's like your job like like we don't really have to worry about it. The kids, the kids like find it fun to like go find exits, like always an easter egg hunt.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's cool. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: and they lay eggs just everywhere is in the most obscure places like you'll find them. Like one day we left um like the window to our van down and the next day found an egg like in the floorboard of the van. Yeah they get everywhere. Um Yeah you said it was cold, he said it was cold up there. How how cold is it now?
SPEAKER_L: Um right now it is 29° outside. Um Now it's average around this time of year is in like the 40s for high, we're kind of having a heat wave here the next couple of days, it's going up to like 60, Uh but overnight were down into the lower 30s. Um Now winter, I mean we can see lows in the negatives, highs, I've seen them highs in like Of 5°8°, but that's only for like a few weeks, you know, end of January, like the real, real cold um Summer we had a really, really hot summer this year we had A couple days that were like 95. But I know this is probably like, yeah, we're still at 95, But 95 to us is like, you don't go outside. It's very, very hot. Hey, stop it. We're over there playing uh Average for our summers about 85. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um
SPEAKER_L: Oh,
SPEAKER_R: Let's see it's it's getting like cold now here
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: what's
SPEAKER_R: Georgia.
SPEAKER_L: your cold?
SPEAKER_R: It's uh well it's been like it's been like in the low 60s um for the high which you know now everybody's bundled up like that's yeah that's cold for us. Um It's actually warmer than it normally is um Around this time like by now we're normally like in the low 50's I would say. Um But yeah so like at night it gets like in the 40s Um like 40s to 60s is what we're at right now. I know in the wintertime like it can get cold but Like very rarely as it gotten like below 10, Like I probably like count
SPEAKER_L: Killing
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: like counting on my hands so many times in my life it's gotten below 10 in Georgia. Um And like we've never I've never seen a snowy christmas. Yeah, I I can remember christmases where it was like 75.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my gosh. Yeah, we get snow all the time up here hey, enough, every time I try to talk or even if I call somebody on the phone as soon as I start talking, the three little ones decide that it's time to play and then you can't hear anything. Um, we are, yeah, we've already had a couple snows so far. I mean nothing that is stuck because the ground is still
SPEAKER_R: become
SPEAKER_L: warm so it'll snow, but it just won't accumulate. That's crazy to me. And it's, it's funny that you say everybody's bundled up in the lower sixties because you come up here and lower sixties people were in shorts and a t shirt Walking around, you know, to us, that's warm. Like to us 65 is like a beautiful sunny Day, you
SPEAKER_R: Let's
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: see.
SPEAKER_L: get out in your summer gear and I probably don't wear a winter coat until its lead at least like 25°.
SPEAKER_R: you see like normally like my rule of thumb is like
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: once, once it gets like 40 is like when I'm going to get like my like hoodie and my coat and then if it gets below thirties, when I have to get like the gloves and the hat, it's um but no, like an average warm day up here is like 75, 80, like that's that's comfortable. Um
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: that's that's pushing hot for us up here.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, let's see, let's see our summers um It's Like we'll have like weeks then it goes like 95, like on average, but 95 in Georgia is not really 95 because it's so humid. Yeah, and so the humidity makes it feel like Like 100 or like 102
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: and it just gets so sticky and like hot and a lot of bugs, so.
SPEAKER_L: cool. Yeah, I don't do bugs. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: You know what I'll take I'll take the snow over the 95° summers. I just I am not. Yeah. Forget it.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, I think I'm more of a I'm more like a warm weather person, I don't really like being cold. Uh then again, I'm not really ever used to it so almost.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. You get used to it. I mean up here like I'm sure you guys your heat is probably set on your house or your dorm. I don't know like 75° or whatever. We have our thermostats at 64 you know
SPEAKER_R: let's see
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: right now, I'm at 69 in my room, so.
SPEAKER_L: now see that would be too hot for me. I would be so hot. Yeah, we said ours at 64-65° and that's just what you know, people are used to being colder up here.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I guess when it's cold outside, 64 feels warm once you walk inside, so. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. Really? Guys? Really?
SPEAKER_R: Yes.
SPEAKER_L: What are you doing? You make a noise. Oh these guys are so bad. Do you miss having animals like living in a dorm?
SPEAKER_R: Um It's definitely it's definitely I like I like the dogs and you
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: know it's nice to like have them around just like you can give attention to them. Um But yeah, we're not allowed to have any animals in the in the dorm. I know like a few times my roommate and I have talked about getting like a gecko or like like a like a small like mouse or something just to have something. Um But I think technically all animals except for fish are
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: allowed in the dorms and I don't really want to fish. I feel like I'm not I'm not a fan of keeping a pet fish but
SPEAKER_L: Their new fun. They don't do anything.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah, I don't know if I like I kind of feel bad like letting
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: a fish just
SPEAKER_L: grew
SPEAKER_R: say
SPEAKER_L: up?
SPEAKER_R: in one tank for his whole life and just like you can't like pick it up and play with it. Mm The so yeah. Yes, because I'm in on campus housing where there's no animals allowed and uh like they give us a bed, like they give us furniture and everything um but I think if I were to move to off campus housing I could have a pet, but in Atlanta that is very expensive. Yeah, like in downtown Atlanta um Finding housing is expensive, so
SPEAKER_L: I can imagine. Yeah. We live um in the middle of the woods basically. And you know what, That's how I like it. We have neighbors but they're far enough away where they don't bother us. We don't bother Graham. But if something would happen, you know your neighbors are close enough to where you can get in touch with them and and that's that I'm good with that. We we have about an acre of land here I mean which isn't much compared to a farm but. Mhm. You know it's not it's enough for us. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I've always lived, I've always lived like in the country um
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: not in Atlanta, well there's still a lot of trees and it's like it's still pretty like rural looking um there's a lot of trees, it's like I think it's like termed the city in a forest, Atlanta is um there's still a lot of trees around and everything but like all my life I've grown up either like in like in the woods or um like now I live just like in planes pretty much. So it was just like like grassy heels and yeah, so the city has been like being in the city the past couple of years has been like it's definitely been a change. Um and I don't know, I like that everything is close by that if I ever need to go to the grocery store or like get some food or anything, I can just walk.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. We can't do that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so there's some pros, but then again everything is more expensive and yeah and it's always busy and loud, so
SPEAKER_L: Well it was very nice talking to you this morning.
SPEAKER_R: it was nice
SPEAKER_L: I appreciate
SPEAKER_R: talking to you
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: also.
SPEAKER_L: showing up. I I haven't had very good track record so far. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: How many times have you done this?
SPEAKER_L: Well the first round I talked to like 33 people or four people and then this round they kept giving me appointment and I'd wait and wait wait. Nobody showed up. So I think this rounds through the second or third person. Oh good morning. What's the matter? Oh you don't sound good. Somebody's getting into your infection but I will let you go to enjoy the rest of your day. Thank
SPEAKER_R: Okay. It's nice
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: talking to you.