nobody's here. Big Shocker. No 1's here, Yeah, mhm, Right, Yeah, yeah, yeah, wow, love you. Oh, the mayor, Thank you too. Uh huh. Oh, good morning.
good. How
are you?
you just woke up, Yeah, Okay. Yeah,
yeah, at seven a.m. Here, where are you from?
I am in Pittsburgh, well, about a half hour outside of Pittsburgh.
no,
interesting.
Yeah, we have a lot of bridges,
lot of bridges, mhm.
Mm,
So
you're still in college?
what are you studying
and interesting? Yeah,
I, uh, I graduated, you're making me feel so old. I graduated from college in 2008, um with a business degree and an accounting degree and I, unfortunately 2008 was when, you know, the, the economy kind of went to
hell.
So I wasn't able to really find a job, so I'll end up doing management and um, you know, like retail management type positions. And then I had kids. Uh So now I'm a stay at her mom. Guys, stop, stop, my dogs are playing. So now I'm a stay at home, mom And I have two girls, one is 9 and the other 16. Well.
Oh my goodness, you're just you just keep making me feel, I feel ancient. Oh my
put
What?
Oh.
Oh my your parents uh I have to and I'm like sometimes I don't know how I could handle two, I couldn't imagine.
Now do you stay on campus?
they like shut down? Do you actually go to class or?
That's
great.
Mhm.
No.
Oh, I'm
that's fun.
What?
it's not that crazy thing
in your now?
the book.
Well, that's good. Yeah, that's good. Things are getting pretty bad up here are cases have are like double triple than what we had in the spring.
With
Yeah, I think in the spring when my kids, it was the end of March because it was right around, yeah, right around the end of March, um they had, You know, said, Oh, we're moving everything to virtual and at that point we were only maybe getting, you know, six or 700 cases a day. And Now I think yesterday we had an all time high way like 60 300 cases. Yesterday we have like a 20% positivity rate. I mean it's it's insane. But yet my kids, well a lot of the lot of the schools around here are virtual are switching all virtual. Mine is hybrid. So my kids go monday Tuesday and then they're virtual Wednesday thursday friday.
Hey.
Right. Oh hi. I know.
Uh This is a Sweeney. I have four dogs, this is a Wienie, her name is lucy and then her sister, this is Tinkerbell. My
kids named her, she's another Tween E she we got these guys because there was my husband his previous job. Uh The one cleaning lady had Sweeney's at her house. Well she just you know didn't get the boy neutered and one thing led to another you know some some late night frolics in the backyard and she's a little puppy. So she's like you guys want one, we're like, well of course, you know, so that's when we got Tinkerbell and my kids named Tinkerbell, because we had come home from Disney like a week before we got her, and then the next spring comes along, right, and we get this phone call,
hey, uh they had another date, you know, in the backyard and that's how we got lucy, so they're from different litters, but their same mother, same father. Um
And then we have a teddy bear puppy who's behind me on the couch cushion. She's half be sean half shit. So I believe. And then I have a an old guy who's over here drinking water, he's uh college Australia Lab mix, he's 13, so he doesn't do much, he just kind of like lays around the house, gets up to go to the bathroom and then comes back and
goes,
Mhm.
You
think?
I was
to be
no
great.
No.
All
mm there's such cute dogs. You know what I just love that they dig under the blankets, I don't know if yours does that but it must be like the docks in thing. I put blankets out and they have to be under a blanket and they have to like make their little nest in their blanket. Yeah they're so fun. Yeah I I grew up with the animals but I would have loved to have lived on a farm. Um I have animals, I have two cats now, four dogs. Um I have two parents that are over here. Um One of them was mine that I had um that I had bought because I wanted, I fell in love with him and the other one was one of my good girlfriends that moved to Ohio, she has had his name's Gully, he's about I'd say 12 now um she got him when he was about a year old, but she wound up getting pregnant and she had a pre me, I mean he was born at like 26 weeks
so you know with going back and forth to the hospital and things like that, she just couldn't, she didn't have time for him, so he came here, so he's here to um so that's how I acquired the other parent high, my
old man is whining.
They smell and they're dirty.
Yeah.
Oh no. Now
were they dairy cows or were they, did you guys use them for slaughter? Romney
Ram be buddy?
yeah, the process is a nicer work.
Remember.
No,
no,
this is they do. They do, Yeah.
my gosh. Yeah, I want chickens, but my husband told me now I want chickens because I wanted eggs, but he's like, Ashley, you're not going to go out there when it's 20 degrees outside, You know, you don't experience this, but um you know, it gets very cold up here. He says you're not going to go out in the winter and clean out the chicken cube and he's
he's right.
Run
Oh, that's cool. Mhm
Um right now it is 29° outside. Um Now it's average around this time of year is in like the 40s for high, we're kind of having a heat wave here the next couple of days, it's going up to like 60, Uh but overnight were down into the lower 30s. Um Now winter, I mean we can see lows in the negatives, highs, I've seen them highs in like Of 5°8°, but that's only for like a few weeks, you know, end of January, like the real, real cold um Summer we had a really, really hot summer this year we had A couple days that were like 95. But I know this is probably like, yeah, we're still at 95, But 95 to us is like, you don't go outside. It's very, very hot. Hey, stop it. We're over there playing uh Average for our summers about 85. Okay.
Oh,
And
what's
your cold?
Killing
me.
Oh my gosh. Yeah, we get snow all the time up here hey, enough, every time I try to talk or even if I call somebody on the phone as soon as I start talking, the three little ones decide that it's time to play and then you can't hear anything. Um, we are, yeah, we've already had a couple snows so far. I mean nothing that is stuck because the ground is still
warm so it'll snow, but it just won't accumulate. That's crazy to me. And it's, it's funny that you say everybody's bundled up in the lower sixties because you come up here and lower sixties people were in shorts and a t shirt Walking around, you know, to us, that's warm. Like to us 65 is like a beautiful sunny Day, you
know,
get out in your summer gear and I probably don't wear a winter coat until its lead at least like 25°.
Great.
So
that's that's pushing hot for us up here.
the
cool. Yeah, I don't do bugs. Yeah.
You know what I'll take I'll take the snow over the 95° summers. I just I am not. Yeah. Forget it.
Yeah. You get used to it. I mean up here like I'm sure you guys your heat is probably set on your house or your dorm. I don't know like 75° or whatever. We have our thermostats at 64 you know
And
now see that would be too hot for me. I would be so hot. Yeah, we said ours at 64-65° and that's just what you know, people are used to being colder up here.
definitely. Really? Guys? Really?
What are you doing? You make a noise. Oh these guys are so bad. Do you miss having animals like living in a dorm?
No.
All
Their new fun. They don't do anything.
You
grew
up?
I can imagine. Yeah. We live um in the middle of the woods basically. And you know what, That's how I like it. We have neighbors but they're far enough away where they don't bother us. We don't bother Graham. But if something would happen, you know your neighbors are close enough to where you can get in touch with them and and that's that I'm good with that. We we have about an acre of land here I mean which isn't much compared to a farm but. Mhm. You know it's not it's enough for us. Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah. We can't do that.
Well it was very nice talking to you this morning.
I appreciate
you
showing up. I I haven't had very good track record so far. Yeah.
Well the first round I talked to like 33 people or four people and then this round they kept giving me appointment and I'd wait and wait wait. Nobody showed up. So I think this rounds through the second or third person. Oh good morning. What's the matter? Oh you don't sound good. Somebody's getting into your infection but I will let you go to enjoy the rest of your day. Thank
you