good morning, Hi, how are you?
Well,
I'm doing pretty pretty alright, just woke up, so.
it's um I don't know if we're in different time zones, but at seven a.m. So
I'm in Atlanta. Yeah.
Okay. Okay. Uh I've been to Pittsburgh once and that was for
a um it was for a school like science fair trip. Yeah,
I had to go to Pittsburgh and it was it was really pretty city, I liked it, it was it was very like walkable, like you could walk to everything uh if you were downtown and that was pretty fun. Uh Yeah,
and a lot of bridges. Yes. Yeah.
But it was not, yeah, there's no um
there's no like, because I I go to Georgia Tech, which is like right in Atlanta, uh like right in like midtown downtown Atlanta and there's no like water in Atlanta, like there's no rivers or like anything, so no, okay, so it's not, it's not as pretty
as Pittsburgh, but Mhm
Yes, I am, I'm a sophomore, a second year. Mhm.
I study
So
the
recession.
I have, let's see, I think I have one sister, younger sister that six and another one that, Well in my seven and 9, I've younger sisters that are seven and 9.
Yeah, I actually have, well, let's see,
I have, yeah, nine siblings total, so um The two youngest ones are 7-9, and then
mm I love that I think, and I'm really not sure of their ages, let's see. Uh
my oldest, my my two older siblings are older than me there, I think 24 and 22. Um And like they're moved out and everything. Um and then I have a brother that's the same age as me, um 19 who goes to a different school in Georgia. And then I have, let's see, my next youngest sibling is in eight it's grade. Um And then And then 7th grade and then 6th grade and then like fourth and first or something.
Yeah, it's definitely it's definitely hectic. There's never a quiet or dull moment in the house. Um So yeah.
Yes right now I'm on campus. Um
No all of my classes
are
in our online, like on a zoom call. Um Except for my labs because you can't you can't really do a lab online. So um I go to in person labs. Well they're they're finished now because the semester's almost over. Um But every other week I would go to in person lab and there would only be four people in there uh in the room at once. Um But
yeah, pretty much everything is shut down, everything is online, especially at this point. Uh The semester is like wrapping up so yeah we like they take like a lot of precautions um on campus, like everybody is required to wear a mask. Uh if they're in any buildings
and all the students do weekly testing, so
they have,
well they have they have free testing uh for all the students
and uh they ask you to do it once a week just to uh like check and like as like a surveillance to make sure you know you haven't been affected. Um But it's not like it's like a it's a really quick test, like you just have to like spit in a cup. Yeah,
it's
not the nose. No, that would that would be that would be unfortunate.
Um So yeah, it's really easy and it takes like two minutes, so like on your way to, you know, go to the library or something, you can just stop and test and it's really quick. Um So yeah, they've been doing a lot to like make sure uh that it doesn't get bad here on campus and so far it's been pretty minimalist and like Like 1% of people who get tested per day come back positive And they do around 1000 test today I think. So it's been pretty, it's been pretty good here on campus or I guess not good, but it hasn't been bad.
Yeah it's uh I think it's getting bad everywhere, like it's getting the worst, it's been um it was kind of it's kind of it's kind of funny. Well I guess it's not funny but it's it's strange to look at like um in the spring
when they sent everybody home from college. I know here in Georgia there was only like 20 cases in the state when they sent everybody home. And now now in Georgia I think there's 300,000 something over 300,000. And you know, like everybody still like nothing, nothing in Georgia is on lockdown, which is strange.
Yeah. I believe, I believe that's like the setup that my um that like my younger siblings time is that would go a few days a week. Um but like the school system they were in, they were just not handling it well at all. So my mom recently moved them to a different school system because because like the other school systems doing all virtual and they're doing like a lot better. So yes, I think now at this
point they're all online.
What kind of dog is that?
baby.
The same,
Mhm.
he's
he's getting old. Yeah, I've always said if I if I ever got a dog of my own, that was a girl, I would name it lucy, I don't know. Yeah, I like that name, but um let's see back home, I have For I think I have four dogs also. Um
Yeah, yeah, I have
four,
we have a lot of animals, I like, I kind of like live on a farm. Um so like we have like a bunch of cows and chickens and
cats and dogs and a rabbit. Yeah, so um so yeah, let's see, I have one outside dog that you know, stays outside, she's a husky, and her name is tubby.
He um my parents uh like before I was born born, they used to raise, we'll get some before I was born. When I was like young they used to raise huskies um like breed them and they eventually they eventually stopped, but one of the huskies, they had got hit by a car and
like she broke her hip and like had like you have surgery.
Um and that is tubby, so like so they kept her and they were like okay we got to stop doing this. Mhm. And so that was her and then I have three more dogs that stay inside and they're all well actually no no no I have four dogs and stay inside. I have one just like Straight
to Chihuahua. A little one, her name is Gizmo and I think she's about probably close to 13, she's
pretty old. Um She's getting mean and blind. Which yeah. Um And then I have another one who is uh she's some part chihuahua, some part something else we don't know but her name is Chloe, she's a small one and then we have a larger one named Abby who is also just a mud. I think we like found her on the road or something when she was a puppy. And we have a we also we also have a Weenie whose name is Harley. So
No.
Well
well let's see, living on our farm is not it's not always cut out to me. It's not I don't know me, maybe I'm just not very kind of like you know I don't care for it much because the cows are not like when you drive by like look at them, they like look nice but they're really not there
There's smell, they smell terrible and they're dirty and uh especially and like certain times of the year like the males like the bulls, they just get mean and like yeah like
unfriendly to you. Um So yeah like we used to have to go out like I used to have to go out and like you like feed them every day which which Is that you have like 30 or 40 cows is a lot. We like we have like barrels full of like grain and we would have to like load a wheelbarrow up of grain and then roll it out there like three or four like loads of it and yeah they just smell bad and okay
giving
don't think we had any dairy counts. I think
I think I think we only we raise them too to sell or process. Um
so like we we've done that like we've done that with like three or four cows and we've been doing this for I don't know, 6, 5 or six years now and would like three or 4 cows that's like
that's like lasted us
like until now like they
make a like they feel the freezer um
it's it's a lot but yeah. Um Yeah. Yes.
Let's see
our our chickens, I think they just think they just run around uh we have like a coupe like in our barn that they stay in, it's like a large
ones I don't think, I don't know, let's see we like my parents have like the kids go out and collect eggs and stuff like that's like your job like like we don't really have to worry about it. The kids, the kids like find it fun to like go find exits, like always an easter egg hunt.
and they lay eggs just everywhere is in the most obscure places like you'll find them. Like one day we left um like the window to our van down and the next day found an egg like in the floorboard of the van. Yeah they get everywhere. Um Yeah you said it was cold, he said it was cold up there. How how cold is it now?
Okay. Um
Let's see it's it's getting like cold now here
in
Georgia.
It's uh well it's been like it's been like in the low 60s um for the high which you know now everybody's bundled up like that's yeah that's cold for us. Um It's actually warmer than it normally is um Around this time like by now we're normally like in the low 50's I would say. Um But yeah so like at night it gets like in the 40s Um like 40s to 60s is what we're at right now. I know in the wintertime like it can get cold but Like very rarely as it gotten like below 10, Like I probably like count
it
like counting on my hands so many times in my life it's gotten below 10 in Georgia. Um And like we've never I've never seen a snowy christmas. Yeah, I I can remember christmases where it was like 75.
become
Let's
see.
you see like normally like my rule of thumb is like
once, once it gets like 40 is like when I'm going to get like my like hoodie and my coat and then if it gets below thirties, when I have to get like the gloves and the hat, it's um but no, like an average warm day up here is like 75, 80, like that's that's comfortable. Um
And
yeah, let's see, let's see our summers um It's Like we'll have like weeks then it goes like 95, like on average, but 95 in Georgia is not really 95 because it's so humid. Yeah, and so the humidity makes it feel like Like 100 or like 102
and it just gets so sticky and like hot and a lot of bugs, so.
So
I don't know, I think I'm more of a I'm more like a warm weather person, I don't really like being cold. Uh then again, I'm not really ever used to it so almost.
let's see
right now, I'm at 69 in my room, so.
Yeah, I guess when it's cold outside, 64 feels warm once you walk inside, so. Okay.
Yes.
Um It's definitely it's definitely I like I like the dogs and you
know it's nice to like have them around just like you can give attention to them. Um But yeah, we're not allowed to have any animals in the in the dorm. I know like a few times my roommate and I have talked about getting like a gecko or like like a like a small like mouse or something just to have something. Um But I think technically all animals except for fish are
allowed in the dorms and I don't really want to fish. I feel like I'm not I'm not a fan of keeping a pet fish but
yeah. Yeah, I don't know if I like I kind of feel bad like letting
a fish just
say
in one tank for his whole life and just like you can't like pick it up and play with it. Mm The so yeah. Yes, because I'm in on campus housing where there's no animals allowed and uh like they give us a bed, like they give us furniture and everything um but I think if I were to move to off campus housing I could have a pet, but in Atlanta that is very expensive. Yeah, like in downtown Atlanta um Finding housing is expensive, so
I've always lived, I've always lived like in the country um
not in Atlanta, well there's still a lot of trees and it's like it's still pretty like rural looking um there's a lot of trees, it's like I think it's like termed the city in a forest, Atlanta is um there's still a lot of trees around and everything but like all my life I've grown up either like in like in the woods or um like now I live just like in planes pretty much. So it was just like like grassy heels and yeah, so the city has been like being in the city the past couple of years has been like it's definitely been a change. Um and I don't know, I like that everything is close by that if I ever need to go to the grocery store or like get some food or anything, I can just walk.
Yeah, so there's some pros, but then again everything is more expensive and yeah and it's always busy and loud, so
it was nice
talking to you
also.
How many times have you done this?
Okay. It's nice
talking to you.