Can you hear me?
Yeah. All right. How
are you
go, go, go, where are you from?
I mean where, where you're at? Mhm.
pennsylvania. I'm also in the United States, I mean Los Angeles,
here's
what you
pennsylvania, so Mhm
I've never been there before.
Thanks.
okay. Here is probably twice as large as,
the population is very dense, scared,
you
know,
so excited, uh just very proud and the population is very dense and travel is very bad.
Yeah, and there is no public transportation here.
Yeah, so that, that's really and cost of living here is very expensive. Yeah, she's
and
for,
out of all yours, the philadelphia. Right,
Yeah. Oh man, wow, that's like a dream here here if you want, it depends on the area. If you want to go to like very trendy place is almost a million
for two bedrooms. Yes. Yeah, it'll blow your mind so you're never gonna afford here. So for like a
residential, a single house, family detached from those kind of is 1.41 point primary
regular. Yeah. Oh you want to commit it to like 60 or you know, two or three hours commute and you can reduce a house housing prices. Probably around 80 80 80,000. 800,000.
But
man, I want to move right now. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So I think people live in your city will be heavier than the people who live in my city that
shared.
Shit,
Oh that's way more better. Yeah, here's everything started out. Uh
Can we accomplish something a day? Probably three tests. Say you want to buy shopping, grocery shopping and go go out yet? I mean that's pretty much it has been probably 60% of time stuck in traffic miserable.
everything you go, you have to plan it out before you go, otherwise. That's uh, you're not gonna get anything. Oh, wow, that's cool. So I guess uh
is there any like a job opportunity in philadelphia? Uh
This year?
I'm a civil
engineer. So,
so closed parents.
no, So it was still in school.
Oh, you're senior. Oh, so you're almost out of school.
I work at a port torch of long beach, so it's like, uh right now we are facing, we're kind of moving from traditional energy, like coal, like the gasoline
into a more electrical side. Mhm. So that's what, what, uh, majority of projects in this, but that's awesome. You're almost graduated, but very bad time right now. I don't know the market right now. It's kind of tank a little bit, I was a
Yeah. I mean, I don't know about them. I don't know about the mechanical by the civil engineering industry is a little bit tradition like very tell a bit conservative I would say. So finding job will be a little bit pick up like a little bit difficult, but not that difficult one to get in and you have a working experience. Everything will be just okay. Yeah.
It is, it is, I mean, come on from 1000 years ago we're getting all kind of, I don't know if not necessary like pyramid, but you always need people to build something.
Right,
Yeah. Some of the projects that rail breathe, they tend to build fast right now, but something bigger saying freeway or like a damn well they don't really build that much them anymore, but like a facilities like the government facilities or like a railtrack, especially real track. So those projects tend to take longer longer
time. Yeah, So you have, because the civil engineer is more in a project based, project based, so the longer it takes a lot of work, the type
of stop.
Right. Yeah ST yeah street, all freeway highway. They usually take about a year and a half or two years. Railroad tend to be longer, obvious 345 years. It depends on other projects tend to build around 1 to 2 years. Oh, what makes you to choose a mechanical engineer as your degree,
actually?
Oh I see what kind of like the things you want
to do besides the out of cat?
aeronautics.
I see. Yeah.
Do you like the technical side all do like more management side?
Civil engineer. So there's a three branch of a civil engineer. So when is project manager wines? Construction manager the other design? So it depends on what track you you're going. I did both three before so I think uh project manager is more in the people management, more resources management, management of time, money and scope. Construction manager is more like it makes like you have to do with people you also deal with the technical side. And the project manager is I mean design is more specific, technical. I like to blinding, try everything and do as much as possible. I think that's more fun. If you only focus on one, it tends to be more boring after you do a little bit longer time. So I would say I would put more preferring project management side a little bit more than just a technical. Yeah.
Is
that
good?
Yeah, that's what it is. That's my first job actually. It really helps give you a bigger pictures. You try try all kinds of stuff at first. I think if you have this kind of opportunity was definitely tried it out because it really gives you an entire perspective how this industry works. Yeah.
James.
Mhm. Yeah, I think that is very unique and not many, I don't think not many company willing to do that because they spent a lot of money to train 1% and wanted to, yeah,
they want them to stay there as long as possible. A lot of people right now, you know, they move around, wow, cool. So, mm, what kind of go engineer? There's a lot of opportunity, work out a mechanical engineering. Uh,
yeah, you can work at the Tesla if you want to more
trade.
Yeah, I'm sure you will. Uh, I mean right now, industry especially test on those kind of battery technology that
is booming. So they need a lot of people don't
go to don't go to oil. No, no, no.
also be very booming, but I think they're demanding clients declined because people are shifting the energy, there's a bigger shifting energy from the traditional energy to renewable energy. So I see there's definitely some kind of downturn and oil industry.
Yeah, I mean, uh, so to have any, how do you want to stay in where you are or you want to move around between different states,
changing
your mind?
wow. Now if you want to go to a west Coast, you will experience a lot of like a software type of things and they might ask you have a little bit background about the software programming kind of stuff, but you
can
learn
fast,
wow, cool. Yeah, I mean, yeah, there's a lot of stuff for you to pick and choose and try it out.
absolutely,
Don't you think?
Mr
Speaker.
mm. That's it, I think, yeah, don't, don't constrain yourself. You know, I mean, qualification, if company willing to hire you, they definitely will train you. So just, just, I think it's just more broadening your search and just try something. I think the most important is cultural, like the company's culture, like whether or not you can get along with the people. I think that's more important than just the job itself.
if you want to work in a places where you know, the people, you can kind of bonded together, it's better than some places pay a lot. I didn't suffer.
I wish you too much. Just some kind of my experience, I feel like carter is more important.
Yeah, definitely. Yeah, the two that's very important too. And so if company can offer you any other benefits that can provide your continuing education, I think that's important.
mm hmm. Oh, you have plenty of time. Everybody stuck at home right
now,
so
it
does.
I
mean once you graduate, you're probably economy in
school, school is the best.
Leadership.
wow. Okay. Yeah, I mean after several years of work and kind of in school, it's always easier.
Well,
yeah, I mean work, it's hard to, but
that's, that's true. Yeah,
wow, Okay. So any plans, I guess traveling? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
You know something.
Thank
you
for
what you've
done.
Uh yeah, I mean right now it's kind of hard to, especially, I don't know, uh, is there a city already open like?
You
know him?
it was.
Meeting
with the baby.
No,
we're still called.
Yeah, I think there is, I don't know. I don't feel like kind of stuck there and didn't really open after,
I guess they shut down and I don't know, people, people have to wear masks when they go out. It's mandatory.
Okay. So that's the same. Um, I think everywhere is kind of open, but nobody really willing to try because it's still kind of fear and have no idea what's going on.
That's something
Yeah. Okay, wow. It seems better compare
it.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, man, okay. This time it really sucks because you really don't know like what's going on until, you know and nobody gives you any instructions, right? I have you now and there's so many debates going on until they figure out a way, but it's too late, that kind of stuff like uh
devil.
I
feel
that.
we all work from home now. Uh I don't know about others, but we do, we right now work from home pretty much virtually. I mean, yeah, we're going to do
pain
they haven't mentioned about it at all. Okay, so I will see this being a very prolonged process because they are being very cautious.
There are other
companies like google, like bigger companies, they pretty much send people home forever. Like you don't need to go back that kind of stuff. So
I will see this as a trend in the future. People are just gonna work from home.
I understand
that.
I would think. Yeah, but it was surprised that we work from home to actually work more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. From the office, you know, you can still talk to your coworker. Kind of bonding. You're kind of relax a little bit, but we work from home. You know, if you work and you kind of work and you couldn't stop. It's weird. Huh?
too much too, man. What kind of virtual meetings everywhere? So sick of it? Like, you know, you don't want to show up
two.
Is
that
good?
it's okay. There's no way you can control and how you're going to control that. Yeah. Kind of sucks. Well, I think
mm we have been that time.
All
Yeah. 25 minutes. 27.
Yeah, That's the region. Take care. Bye.