Oh my goodness, I love it when my partners don't calm. Yeah,
I can hear you.
Hi,
I'm good, how are you?
I'm
in the United States. I'm in pennsylvania. Where you at? I'm
cool. Los Angeles
is
I,
I'm,
I mean it's
a pretty big state. It's not as big as Los Angeles. Los Angeles city, it's not as big as Los Angeles. The biggest city I think in pennsylvania is where I'm at is in philadelphia. So that's like, I think four million people I think. Uh
Yeah. Yeah, I would say so. Yeah.
Yeah. Do you like living
in Los Angeles?
Why not? Yeah.
I see. Yeah.
I'm not just say, I know like in California there really isn't like a standard public transportation, like in Philly we have public transportation. I know new york does too, but I know California doesn't happen. Yeah. Oh
Well, so it's like the most expensive, I think that san
Francisco,
but it's like one of the most expensive places live. It's just crazy. I
feel like we're on the lower end because I guess because we're like kind of like the metro politan city were on the lower end. A lot of people from new york are actually moving here because of like move it because it's so much cheaper to live here, you know with like tele tele working and kind of be anywhere. So I do feel like our prices will increase, but right now it really isn't that bad. Like I guess I already get like an estimate, an average like two bedroom apartment would be like about $1300.
That's
that's
crazy.
that's the kind of expensive. I know for houses I think we kind of ran around like between 203 100,000. I think that's like the average, if you go into like the city sometimes you'll have like 607
100,000 houses, has $200.1000 dollars houses. But most like around where I live, I think it's probably the most is probably like 500,000
little bit. I mean you know this post it comes to everything I say I guess living in Philly. I mean I've lived here all my life so I guess I'm not somebody that's moved here but there's a lot to do. I feel like I don't know what L. A. But I know it's like the same way with new york
where it's like everything's kind of spread out. So say if you're going out it's kind of like you can't go to like one centralized
place where there's like who shopping and stuff like that and Philly, you can do that. Like everything is like closer we want to get from the heat, you just go to two blocks down and you know, you'll see that if you want to go shopping there's like a store right there. It's very much a walk in the city I guess. That's what
But.
that's what I heard. I heard L. A. Is like the worst place for traffic. That's what I heard. Yeah.
I
thought the job market, I think it's not too bad. I'm in uh I'm studying
mechanical engineering currently so my
job.
Oh that's
I mean I've actually done a lot of I go to Drexel and Drexel. Um Yeah, so I've done a lot of civil engineering co ops so I did like two of them. So
I'm a I'm a senior. Yeah.
I'm almost done here. Where do you work at?
I think,
I mean I've known some people, I think they're still finding jobs. I've been trying to like network, so hopefully never.
I actually saw like an article that some engineering is like one of the jobs where it's like, it's kind of one of the safer ones just because you always need somebody doing like, I guess because like, especially if you're working with bridges and you're working like traditionally, like with, I guess government and stuff like that, they kind of always like need somebody for a simple. That's what I hope.
that's sure. Yeah. I feel like they take a long time to, I think that's why you guys always need a
job because yeah.
That's it.
I
got to see that. Yeah. I feel like when I worked on, I was working on, I think it was like a highway. Oh no, it's for assurance and company. I feel like for like general, like their projects going to take like about a year or two or something like that.
Well
I found out as electrical when I started out at Drexel and then I was doing a lot of cat and I really like cat and so that's what kind of made me switch to mechanical. I kind of wanted something and I want to get a little more broad. I didn't want to be just stuck doing like circuits or just doing, you know, because I want to, you know, he has brought as I can the education. Um,
I
mean I definitely want to get more into mechanical engineering. Like I said, I kind of feel out of simple. So I did, most of the folks were kind of related to transportation, so I definitely want to go into the industry also, I think I would like to get into aeronautics, so
kind of like aerospace and kind of like get into that.
but oh,
that's a good question. I feel like I do like doing the work. So I guess I would like this wonderful side, but I don't mind like project management or anything like that. I kind of like, I only have a preference. Honestly. Did you do a lot of like at your job, you do like technical or do you do more management? So like that? That's a little yeah.
you guys have like, I know some companies are kind of doing like a new thing where it's like rotational programs where you kind of like going to like, you do in one position for a year and then you kind of switch on to them. Do you like
do
that
position? That's what it is. Okay.
I saw a lot of companies like that are like the versatile career parents. They would talk about how they have like
different virtual or not virtual. It would have different rotational programs and how long they will last and like what you'd be doing. So I definitely want to try that. But that's really interesting.
Yeah.
Fuck it is. Yeah,
I get
it. I get it. Yeah.
That's
true.
I'm not. I thought we always like hmm.
that's sure. Yeah.
good question. I feel like
when
I started out like in school I was kind of set on staying where I met in Philly. But I feel like now, especially with the pandemic, I feel like now I definitely like move around. Like I've been considering like some positions in new york. Um Maybe like I feel like I want to go to like, like in new york Chicago, maybe I don't know about the south, but maybe like Seattle or something like that. That's kind of like where my interest lies. A
I
know.
I've
seen I've seen a couple of programs like my school offers, sometimes I'll have like little programs for, they'll put you like a little bit of your science for like a couple of weeks. But you know, so hopefully if I see one of those again, I'll try to do that. I just didn't do that. I had like a busy right? Yeah.
Yeah. It's all about nearing down to actually
what I wanted to do. I guess. I kind of feel like I'm qualified
to do sometimes. I feel like a lot of mechanical and I was like, I know the material because I studied it but I wouldn't know like what to do. Like if, I don't know, probably
know
what to do if I saw it in person. But like the super engineering jobs, I did them a lot. So I kind of know what to do and I know what this suspect, but I don't know the theory of it.
That is sure.
That's definitely true. Yeah.
I feel like especially like if they have growth, like if you could see yourself kind of like growing into like the dishes like something that's also something else. I look at what I'm like a digital. Yeah,
that's yeah. I feel like I find it easier when it's like a public her or when they're like public funding for the government then private. I haven't done really too much resources that
I'm
That's true. It
doesn't feel like I have a lot of time. I feel like school going by kind of fast honestly. So
I just like to
see you here is gonna be 10 years was gonna go by so fast it's made up. But
I'm
that
I'm hoping to miss school. I don't think I miss school. No, school wasn't, school is not my thing, suppose school. But you know, I think sometimes like just so I definitely don't want to be in school for a while after. I just want, I like working. Actually. I love working. I like the structure. I like that. I don't have to do anything after a certain amount of time. It's just like I go to work and then I go home and then I have to begin to off to do whatever I like with school. It's like I find that I had to kind of do extra work. Like I have work to do this weekend. I don't really want to do that. I want to chill out and not do anything. I find with school I do that
she wasn't cheering.
but even engineering still out. I don't know how hard for me.
I
guess so. Yeah. I guess it's more stress it it's like it's real life, nothing that's cool in your real life. But it's like you have real products in real money on the line when you're in work where it's like in school it's kind of just like all these theories and dependable and stuff like that.
I
don't have any anytime soon. Uh Yeah,
I mean with the pandemic I feel like it kind of you know stopped any plan
that I would want to do. I think I was like, I know
I wanted
to do
something during
last,
like the past summer, but I was in class so that whatever I
Yeah, so I mean we're basically open like for example,
they
close the gyms from the focus, but they just opened them in september and they just opened the school that I go to the open arts um last
week. So that's what I'm kind of, I'm kind of okay. Like basically we kind of go, I don't, I don't mind like being at home for school because like it looks like it to go out and I get to like work, you know, in person. Like I don't really mind it. You know, I think there's obviously like safety issues with that. But you know, that's not too bad. I didn't mind it. But we, we
did
report and in pennsylvania specifically in philadelphia. We did a slow opening. So I think like we started like opening things up. Like I guess june that's when like stores could like kind of open and then july be moved up and then that then they can open like a little more up. It's like a little bit at a time. I feel like that definitely helped our cases to What about Los Angeles?
Are
you so close?
two
It's been, it's ready for us to
I understand
that. Yeah, I understand that. I know that it's like, it's like people are out like when you go out it's basically like it's the same. I'm always the same levels. It was before cope it. But it's like about the same level of crowded nous. But just people are wearing mask both the most for the most part. So it's pretty crowded a
little
bit I guess. I don't know. I mean, I really didn't mind it that much when it was closed. I mean, I'm happy that I get to go in person that can do more stuff. But you know, I think as a country we should be a little more cautious about how we deal especially with like hold it, but you know a
It's very distorted. Do
you
work
from
home or do you uh Oh, you do okay.
I'd
have been talked about bringing you guys back like next year, something like that. Or nearly every.
everything.
I think.
I think,
I think so too. And I think honestly it's easier a lot of times is that for like schooling. I feel like school and it's not easy. I think people need to be back in school just to just reach into my confidence. You
get help
any person versus but like working from home when I feel like it's not bad, it's like, it's kind of
I guess I could see that. I have heard people talking about that when it comes to like working from home, but it feels like it's more work than if you're working there first.
Yeah, I'm going to, I work, I work virtually actually went on middle schoolers and that's
like, it's okay and pain because it's just like, I can't like do what I would usually do and I'm in person and they're
just
like
off and they're always talking over each other and they're just like, they're all over the place and it's just like uh
I think
we do. You sure?
I think it's just 25 minutes. Right,
Well, it was nice talking with