SPEAKER_L: Oh, Mhm. Uh huh. Uh huh. Uh huh. Oh yeah. The government. Oh. Oh, mm. Yeah. Up. Mhm. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Mhm. Hey, I can't hear you.
SPEAKER_R: Did you hear me? Animal?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Your audio cut out again. Right.
SPEAKER_R: So I have, there's a button in my box at the bottom where I click
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: and I can hear you but you can't hear me? I'm not sure what
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. It actually just happened again. World. Well, I'm Michael. Um it's nice to. Is that mari? Yes. Um, what, what do you do?
SPEAKER_R: four and 21 and I kind of have a
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: little
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: bit of
SPEAKER_L: it?
SPEAKER_R: a mini farm I guess you could say and uh do all kinds of crazy growing and looking. So that's my,
SPEAKER_L: awesome. That's cool. I am actually a teacher also. Um I teach middle school math at a public school and I enjoy it. I know the kids don't enjoy learning that, but I enjoy teaching it, man.
SPEAKER_R: well um what state are you in? I'm in north Carolina, I'm not far from the, the speedway, so the religion of the south, you know,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm actually also in north Carolina. Um, I live in Durham. Um, yeah, So with the coronavirus and everything, they are not going to start in school here in Durham. Um, I know that Governor Cooper said that they would start with these two, but Durham decided that they wanted to not start in school. And so we're starting with a month of or actually nine weeks of remote learning. And they are actually providing laptops for all of the students in during public schools. So that way they'll be able to access everything online. Hopefully we'll be able to hold students accountable whenever we went to on line learning in the spring. We weren't really able to hold kids accountable. We couldn't give them new grades or anything like that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, there's something to be said about the face to face in person interaction, I think um I did do a
SPEAKER_L: mm
SPEAKER_R: little online stuff with my kids, we did some courses through like Hillsdale
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: and stuff like that, but I much preferred to sit down and even when we did co ops and that I was
SPEAKER_L: Not,
SPEAKER_R: all about writing my own curriculum
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: What? Oh
SPEAKER_R: you know, just really interacting with the kids more on, on that personal level. And I think
SPEAKER_L: Make
SPEAKER_R: I do think um and
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: I know for myself, even when I'm reading something online, I don't read it as carefully as if I have a book, a physical copy, there's just something in the brain and I realized that this generation is very used to the technology kind of thing, but I do think that they are missing something not being in a teaching setting, this is going to be challenging for you
SPEAKER_L: And yeah, I mean it's it's challenging making sure that all the students are learning, the students that participate and attend the video lessons and stuff. It's a little bit easier to gauge. But it's still it's still hard to assess students whenever they fall in line because they're not all willing to share online. Like they'll submit their work, but they won't, they won't participate in the video lesson or something like that. Um But I don't know this this year will be it will be interesting.
SPEAKER_R: video sessions. Do they have the opportunity to ask you questions like when you're teaching them whatever the concepts in math is, you know, you're teaching long division, whatever it is and you're taking them through all the steps and that, do they have the opportunity to interact with you and say, you know, I don't understand something or how does that work? Because I imagine this has got to be
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So we use zoom and they're able to have a chat box that they're able to ask questions in and then they also, if they're sharing their video and audio, they can also participate that way and ask the questions like a recorded lesson or anything. Um Last year we didn't record any of our lessons, but I'm thinking it might be good this year for students that are unable to attend the class for whatever reason to go and watch the reported lessons. So that's something that I'll be looking into before the school year starts. Four.
SPEAKER_R: actually starting. are you going to start in august like they typically do
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so it's actually a week earlier this year I think it's August 17 we're starting, usually it's like the last week in august that we start, Yeah so when we started in August 17 with remote learning, so I mean I don't even know how to set like class expectations and stuff all online, it will be it'll be interesting.
SPEAKER_R: though because I use it for, for a lot of things. We have a lot of friends who live all over the country and it's kind of neat that we can um have conversations together and you know, it's not real practical to get to texas and um Oklahoma, that's a little far, so it's kind of cool that we can um it's just a nice option, I just think it's um I don't know, I kind of wonder how the kids would be processing sitting, you know, using a zoom setting um what that might be like for them and um I just, I'm just curious to hear from teachers today, I love talking to teachers because there's just some people really love the way math is now and some just absolutely hate it. And I have a friend who was actually teacher of the year,
SPEAKER_L: It.
SPEAKER_R: she was a main teacher of the year by the Reagan administration in fact, and she got,
SPEAKER_L: It.
SPEAKER_R: she had her daughter and she home schooled her and she got back into teaching and she just could not deal with the common core paperwork. She said it was just too much. And so it seems like we've lost a lot of good teachers over and I'm just curious what um your take on it is and how you feel about it.
SPEAKER_L: Right. So north Carolina has actually gotten away from common core. Um They have they call it like the north Carolina core standards which is basically just taking the common core standards and then kind of just like reworking it so it's not as much paperwork and stuff like that. Um I think for some of the things in the lower grades, I see why you would teach certain things the way you would like with multiplication using area models and stuff because it comes back in the upper level mass where kids doing quadratic and they'll do area models to help them understand multiplying polynomial and stuff like that. Um But for a lot of things, I just think it just complicated more than it needs to be complicated. Um I mean I I when I was in school, I didn't have common core and I feel like I understood all the concepts fine the way that they were taught. But I know that's just anecdotal evidence. So it doesn't really mean that it's best for everyone. I don't think there's a one size fits all for everyone for for common core or for online versus in school learning. I think it just depends on the students learning type and personality, what's going to work best for them. So I think with the online learning, I think it's, it's good for some of the students, um I think most of the students benefit from in person learning, but some of the students that have social anxieties and stuff like that there, they're better suited for online learning. And so hopefully this is something that in the future students will have the opportunity to choose more, more opportunity to choose than what they have. I know there isn't north Carolina online school, but more like still learning the exact same thing that their classmates preventing just in an online spinning
SPEAKER_R: And I guess that was one
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: thing
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: with my kids that I really appreciate about homeschooling was I could really taylor the curriculum
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: to them. Like my son are both very much the math and science see kind. Um and my youngest was creamy, so he's always been on the tail end of what's normal developmentally. He didn't really need uh therapies or interventions, but um he's just
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: always been on the tail end of that. And Andy is very much a kinesthetic learner, he has to touch everything. So when he was real little it was we're going to sit quietly.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: Mommy's reading visited data, but when he really started catching with some things, I put them, I've had both of my sons and an accelerated math curriculum and they both did very well. My daughter's like me, she's a literature and history buffs and um so I could I could tailor things more so but we did a lot of literature. I think literature is really
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: important for
SPEAKER_L: one
SPEAKER_R: kids.
SPEAKER_L: yet. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think good literature and I think math is a wonderful thing because it's an absolute right
SPEAKER_L: Me.
SPEAKER_R: two plus two is always gonna equal for and we just have to have some absolute and it just thinks that some of this, it's just so far out there that my brain just can't go there. I don't like um you know, like that lattice method and all that. I just think, oh my God,
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: it's just confusion. It makes it harder than it needs to be because Andy could look at a problem and tell you the answer, but as far as the whole, he
SPEAKER_L: No longer,
SPEAKER_R: couldn't do that. And I was like, well, I thought it was stupid, so we didn't do,
SPEAKER_L: I think it's good for students to have different ways to solve the problem and know that it's not just one way to solve a problem. But I agree like some of the methods, like if it doesn't work for you, then it doesn't work for you and there's no sense in trying to go back to it and keep trying with that method. Yeah. So I'm interested in what made you want to do home school with your students instead of a public school or private school or something else.
SPEAKER_R: we did, we've done a mixture of schools actually over the years. So we've done uh like a when our oldest was little, he went to a
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: methodist church preschool program. And then we were we were really implying about what we wanted to do. We
SPEAKER_L: Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: lived, we've always kind of lived in more rural areas. Um And so anyhow, we we just kind of thought, do we want a home school, do they not want to home school? Uh and they started a christian school where we were we lived in Missouri at the time, um the middle of nowhere knob Noster, which is where Whiteman Air Force Base is the b two stealth bombers, that was our backyard, so the kids had an air show every day. Um but anyway we, we tried that for a while and it just wasn't a good fit and there was just um and again I'm just there was a lot going on. I know it's the first year of a school, I didn't care for the curriculum,
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: I found it just ridiculously tedious. Um so then we thought you know what, everybody was so stressed out, we thought let's just bring him home, let's finish the year home schooling then. Um we did do public school and he did okay, He was actually fortunate he had really good teachers there and um I just I happen to love the school, we were right down the road and I could pop
SPEAKER_L: Why?
SPEAKER_R: in there anytime and have lunch with them. I volunteered, you know it's class, mom, blah blah blah. Um when I was pregnant with my youngest, I was in and out of the hospital and so I wasn't as involved um just because I was in a hospital, but anyway, we um more because our younger too were so different. Like Shane is a typical he's a typical first born, a classic learner, Sarah and Andy just aren't and anyway I knew
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: Sarah was she's just kind of a quiet one of all the kids, she was the hardest to read and just get a feel for where she was and I thought this kid is probably going to just get lost in the shuffle and I knew Andy because he was a creamy and he was he was a little delayed and he's you know boys you can sell the difference right boys a lot of wiggles and I thought well he'll probably end up unraveling and I didn't want I didn't
SPEAKER_L: Beautiful.
SPEAKER_R: want him on Ritalin and I thought well you know what we've been we've been schooling and we had a lot of support um We had a lot of friends who are teachers and um so anyway and we did that um we're also as as
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: christians we had some issues with some of the things going on in the school. Um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: But as far as it went we we've done that then when we moved to uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: we live I tell people we did time in Chicago. Um it is the worst place on the planet to live. It is awful.
SPEAKER_L: What? Uh
SPEAKER_R: But my husband's company, their U. S.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: Headquarters is there. So
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: anyway um we we did time there and we did do public schools there, everybody swore how good they were and they were hot mass. So then we did a church
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: school there and then um
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: it was we ended up just finishing
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: and they love their coop up there. Um
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know I think I'm with you, there's just not a one size fits all for anybody and I think um that's kind of what happens and a public school setting is a very hard, especially when you have a child
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: who does struggle. Um Some districts
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: are far better with individual learning plans and some just there's just not a whole lot of um funding for it. Um And I guess it just kind of depends on where you are, maybe
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Um also I mean in my school my class sizes get up to about 30 and so I'll have I'll have four classes with 30 students and then and then we also have a remediation period, but it's like it's hard to individualize the learning. It's I mean if I have an hour long class and I have 30 minutes or an hour long class in 30 students and that's only two minutes of students. So it's hard to it's hard to reach everybody and make sure they're learning what they're learning. So you do kind of have to say, okay, well this has worked best for the majority of my students in the past, so this is what we're going to push. And if something doesn't work, then we'll, we'll go back and try to figure out for the students that don't get it the first drive, but, and it's, it's a struggle and then,
SPEAKER_R: Iraq
SPEAKER_L: yeah, definitely. And that's one of the things, one of the decisions or the deciding factors coming back to the school was, how are you going to social distance with all these students? How are you gonna, how are you going to make sure that students are And 6ft apart from each other in the Hallways? It's not possible. Um, but yeah, I mean it's, it's crazy. I don't know. I like it though. I like, I like the interactions with the students and I love helping the students learn math and this man about being decent human beings. Um I feel like that's probably more of my job than teaching math because In 10 years they're not going to use a lot of the math that they learn in my class, but hopefully they'll remember remember the class at least.
SPEAKER_R: the way that they took the care to look
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: you in the face and spend that time with you and um just some has a tremendous influence and I think more than that, just like you said, we're hopefully being role models and here's how to be
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: a decent human being regardless of people's personal beliefs and and that we need to teach them every everybody made in the image of God and they deserve to be treated with kindness and with respect and um and there's just no exceptions across the board, I don't care what it is. Um and so that's something I felt like when you have a good teacher who embodies that and is that example, it's far more powerful because like you said the math, I learned that when I was in high school, they were like, you'll use geometry every day of your life. I'm like
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: that's a lie. That's such a lie. We do the mouth, we do every day right, balancing our checkbooks, paying bills, cooking you know um All
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: these things you're
SPEAKER_L: Come
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: on.
SPEAKER_R: the kind of math you're using. And I've um when I counsel families who are considering it, I have a lot of people ask me, you know we have like their little kids like four or five. Do we need a program? Like you do not need a curriculum, You don't need a program. What
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: you need to do, spend time with your kids read to them, right? Um And
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I used to plan shopping trip so I would we'd say okay here's the list and if they were big enough to ride they could write the list but we would put all that together and they could clip coupons or whatever and then we had cooking so they they're learning but they're learning through those hands on and when they're that
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: little that's more important than any other thing because this is the stuff that stays with them forever that everybody has to know how to use correct.
SPEAKER_L: Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So you said you have a farm?
SPEAKER_R: We have um almost two acres and we're kind of in a very rural quiet setting and we back up to woods so there's um I have like I have a really large garden, I have to um put electric fence because I have deer running through here and they just they destroyed it last year almost. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Prison.
SPEAKER_R: They all the cucumbers, they ate all the squash, they destroyed the spaghetti squash, I was like are you kidding? And so they they actually jump the electric fence, they're unbelievable and they come right up to my back deck because
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: I have strawberries and herbs all down there. Uh huh. They're not
SPEAKER_L: I understand
SPEAKER_R: they're not afraid of people at all.
SPEAKER_L: Peter. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And I have um I have bees. I had my my uh colony they swarm. So I had um probably
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: in my in the tree near the garden, it looked like
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: a bear pot, It was huge. And um I bet you there was 50 60,000 bees. It was it was probably like £15 of, it was insanity. So I called a friend of mine who lives in um Hendersonville and I was like David, my beasts
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: work quickly, I don't know what to do. And um
SPEAKER_L: country?
SPEAKER_R: anyway he asked can you tell where the queen is and I'm taking pictures and I mean he's like oh my god that's probably £15 of these and I was like exactly. So we we went out there and I had I had to get more frames and boxes and we went out there and we shook the tree and uh we dump them into the new
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: hi, we um so then the next day we went out, we must have done that three or four times because so many of these um
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: anyhow, we got the queen because there were just too many, you couldn't even tell where she was. So we got all that there, so now I have to highs and I'm hoping I'll have honey this fall because typically when the queen leaves um I was hoping that was a queen cell in there from what we could tell there were anyway, the one the high has become too, and oh my gosh, they have filled 33 levels. Um So I'm going to have to go and get more boxes to add, so it'll be interesting. I'm hoping I actually have my own honey this year. Um
SPEAKER_L: I ask
SPEAKER_R: Because
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: last year was my first year trying it and um
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: they were fine. Um
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: They were doing their thing, they build frames and they're drawn comb and all this and all of a sudden they started having some issues and we we
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: had fire ants.
SPEAKER_L: I'm Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Those things are the worst. Um But we noticed that there are fire ants climbing because we have um like cinder blocks and we have the highs on top of cinder blocks and we thought oh no and you have to be very careful what you spray because you can wipe out your bees very quickly. Um At any rate to make a very long story short, we got that dealt with and I thought well let me let me make some master so that in case they got you know anything they can recover, it will help them. And the Nesta was gone like with an hour and that's not normal. And it was
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: and I noticed there was another high robbing and so I thought oh no, so you have to soak a sheet and then you cover it. And it was such a bummer michael because it was like a tomb kind of deal. And when we opened it there were like two peas left. My bees were wiped out. So we don't know what happened because I don't think it's likely that they rejected
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: the queen Um because they were it was about 10 weeks. So there's not a chance that they rejected or probably she either died or she laughed and they just been with a fire ants and then the other high robbing they just couldn't recover. So a friend of mine was like well maybe maybe it's because they got wiped out after you get to this year. And I thought well that's it's a
SPEAKER_L: huh.
SPEAKER_R: nice way to look at it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm. Well it's about time to go. It was nice meeting you nice talking to you about school and education and your garden sounds really neat. We actually have I raised that garden but not very much, it's probably like 20 sq ft and we just have tomatoes and peppers and um we try Delicata squash this year and we've done butternut squash in the past. Right, it was nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: I hope you have a great afternoon.