Did you hear me? Animal?
So I have, there's a button in my box at the bottom where I click
and I can hear you but you can't hear me? I'm not sure what
four and 21 and I kind of have a
little
bit of
a mini farm I guess you could say and uh do all kinds of crazy growing and looking. So that's my,
well um what state are you in? I'm in north Carolina, I'm not far from the, the speedway, so the religion of the south, you know,
I don't know, there's something to be said about the face to face in person interaction, I think um I did do a
little online stuff with my kids, we did some courses through like Hillsdale
and stuff like that, but I much preferred to sit down and even when we did co ops and that I was
all about writing my own curriculum
and
you know, just really interacting with the kids more on, on that personal level. And I think
I do think um and
I know for myself, even when I'm reading something online, I don't read it as carefully as if I have a book, a physical copy, there's just something in the brain and I realized that this generation is very used to the technology kind of thing, but I do think that they are missing something not being in a teaching setting, this is going to be challenging for you
video sessions. Do they have the opportunity to ask you questions like when you're teaching them whatever the concepts in math is, you know, you're teaching long division, whatever it is and you're taking them through all the steps and that, do they have the opportunity to interact with you and say, you know, I don't understand something or how does that work? Because I imagine this has got to be
actually starting. are you going to start in august like they typically do
though because I use it for, for a lot of things. We have a lot of friends who live all over the country and it's kind of neat that we can um have conversations together and you know, it's not real practical to get to texas and um Oklahoma, that's a little far, so it's kind of cool that we can um it's just a nice option, I just think it's um I don't know, I kind of wonder how the kids would be processing sitting, you know, using a zoom setting um what that might be like for them and um I just, I'm just curious to hear from teachers today, I love talking to teachers because there's just some people really love the way math is now and some just absolutely hate it. And I have a friend who was actually teacher of the year,
she was a main teacher of the year by the Reagan administration in fact, and she got,
she had her daughter and she home schooled her and she got back into teaching and she just could not deal with the common core paperwork. She said it was just too much. And so it seems like we've lost a lot of good teachers over and I'm just curious what um your take on it is and how you feel about it.
And I guess that was one
thing
with my kids that I really appreciate about homeschooling was I could really taylor the curriculum
to them. Like my son are both very much the math and science see kind. Um and my youngest was creamy, so he's always been on the tail end of what's normal developmentally. He didn't really need uh therapies or interventions, but um he's just
always been on the tail end of that. And Andy is very much a kinesthetic learner, he has to touch everything. So when he was real little it was we're going to sit quietly.
Mommy's reading visited data, but when he really started catching with some things, I put them, I've had both of my sons and an accelerated math curriculum and they both did very well. My daughter's like me, she's a literature and history buffs and um so I could I could tailor things more so but we did a lot of literature. I think literature is really
important for
kids.
I think good literature and I think math is a wonderful thing because it's an absolute right
two plus two is always gonna equal for and we just have to have some absolute and it just thinks that some of this, it's just so far out there that my brain just can't go there. I don't like um you know, like that lattice method and all that. I just think, oh my God,
it's just confusion. It makes it harder than it needs to be because Andy could look at a problem and tell you the answer, but as far as the whole, he
couldn't do that. And I was like, well, I thought it was stupid, so we didn't do,
we did, we've done a mixture of schools actually over the years. So we've done uh like a when our oldest was little, he went to a
methodist church preschool program. And then we were we were really implying about what we wanted to do. We
lived, we've always kind of lived in more rural areas. Um And so anyhow, we we just kind of thought, do we want a home school, do they not want to home school? Uh and they started a christian school where we were we lived in Missouri at the time, um the middle of nowhere knob Noster, which is where Whiteman Air Force Base is the b two stealth bombers, that was our backyard, so the kids had an air show every day. Um but anyway we, we tried that for a while and it just wasn't a good fit and there was just um and again I'm just there was a lot going on. I know it's the first year of a school, I didn't care for the curriculum,
I found it just ridiculously tedious. Um so then we thought you know what, everybody was so stressed out, we thought let's just bring him home, let's finish the year home schooling then. Um we did do public school and he did okay, He was actually fortunate he had really good teachers there and um I just I happen to love the school, we were right down the road and I could pop
in there anytime and have lunch with them. I volunteered, you know it's class, mom, blah blah blah. Um when I was pregnant with my youngest, I was in and out of the hospital and so I wasn't as involved um just because I was in a hospital, but anyway, we um more because our younger too were so different. Like Shane is a typical he's a typical first born, a classic learner, Sarah and Andy just aren't and anyway I knew
Sarah was she's just kind of a quiet one of all the kids, she was the hardest to read and just get a feel for where she was and I thought this kid is probably going to just get lost in the shuffle and I knew Andy because he was a creamy and he was he was a little delayed and he's you know boys you can sell the difference right boys a lot of wiggles and I thought well he'll probably end up unraveling and I didn't want I didn't
want him on Ritalin and I thought well you know what we've been we've been schooling and we had a lot of support um We had a lot of friends who are teachers and um so anyway and we did that um we're also as as
christians we had some issues with some of the things going on in the school. Um
But as far as it went we we've done that then when we moved to uh
we live I tell people we did time in Chicago. Um it is the worst place on the planet to live. It is awful.
But my husband's company, their U. S.
Headquarters is there. So
anyway um we we did time there and we did do public schools there, everybody swore how good they were and they were hot mass. So then we did a church
school there and then um
it was we ended up just finishing
and they love their coop up there. Um
I don't know I think I'm with you, there's just not a one size fits all for anybody and I think um that's kind of what happens and a public school setting is a very hard, especially when you have a child
who does struggle. Um Some districts
are far better with individual learning plans and some just there's just not a whole lot of um funding for it. Um And I guess it just kind of depends on where you are, maybe
Iraq
the way that they took the care to look
you in the face and spend that time with you and um just some has a tremendous influence and I think more than that, just like you said, we're hopefully being role models and here's how to be
a decent human being regardless of people's personal beliefs and and that we need to teach them every everybody made in the image of God and they deserve to be treated with kindness and with respect and um and there's just no exceptions across the board, I don't care what it is. Um and so that's something I felt like when you have a good teacher who embodies that and is that example, it's far more powerful because like you said the math, I learned that when I was in high school, they were like, you'll use geometry every day of your life. I'm like
that's a lie. That's such a lie. We do the mouth, we do every day right, balancing our checkbooks, paying bills, cooking you know um All
these things you're
that's
the kind of math you're using. And I've um when I counsel families who are considering it, I have a lot of people ask me, you know we have like their little kids like four or five. Do we need a program? Like you do not need a curriculum, You don't need a program. What
you need to do, spend time with your kids read to them, right? Um And
I used to plan shopping trip so I would we'd say okay here's the list and if they were big enough to ride they could write the list but we would put all that together and they could clip coupons or whatever and then we had cooking so they they're learning but they're learning through those hands on and when they're that
little that's more important than any other thing because this is the stuff that stays with them forever that everybody has to know how to use correct.
We have um almost two acres and we're kind of in a very rural quiet setting and we back up to woods so there's um I have like I have a really large garden, I have to um put electric fence because I have deer running through here and they just they destroyed it last year almost. Uh huh.
They all the cucumbers, they ate all the squash, they destroyed the spaghetti squash, I was like are you kidding? And so they they actually jump the electric fence, they're unbelievable and they come right up to my back deck because
I have strawberries and herbs all down there. Uh huh. They're not
they're not afraid of people at all.
And I have um I have bees. I had my my uh colony they swarm. So I had um probably
in my in the tree near the garden, it looked like
a bear pot, It was huge. And um I bet you there was 50 60,000 bees. It was it was probably like £15 of, it was insanity. So I called a friend of mine who lives in um Hendersonville and I was like David, my beasts
work quickly, I don't know what to do. And um
anyway he asked can you tell where the queen is and I'm taking pictures and I mean he's like oh my god that's probably £15 of these and I was like exactly. So we we went out there and I had I had to get more frames and boxes and we went out there and we shook the tree and uh we dump them into the new
hi, we um so then the next day we went out, we must have done that three or four times because so many of these um
anyhow, we got the queen because there were just too many, you couldn't even tell where she was. So we got all that there, so now I have to highs and I'm hoping I'll have honey this fall because typically when the queen leaves um I was hoping that was a queen cell in there from what we could tell there were anyway, the one the high has become too, and oh my gosh, they have filled 33 levels. Um So I'm going to have to go and get more boxes to add, so it'll be interesting. I'm hoping I actually have my own honey this year. Um
Because
last year was my first year trying it and um
they were fine. Um
They were doing their thing, they build frames and they're drawn comb and all this and all of a sudden they started having some issues and we we
had fire ants.
Those things are the worst. Um But we noticed that there are fire ants climbing because we have um like cinder blocks and we have the highs on top of cinder blocks and we thought oh no and you have to be very careful what you spray because you can wipe out your bees very quickly. Um At any rate to make a very long story short, we got that dealt with and I thought well let me let me make some master so that in case they got you know anything they can recover, it will help them. And the Nesta was gone like with an hour and that's not normal. And it was
and I noticed there was another high robbing and so I thought oh no, so you have to soak a sheet and then you cover it. And it was such a bummer michael because it was like a tomb kind of deal. And when we opened it there were like two peas left. My bees were wiped out. So we don't know what happened because I don't think it's likely that they rejected
the queen Um because they were it was about 10 weeks. So there's not a chance that they rejected or probably she either died or she laughed and they just been with a fire ants and then the other high robbing they just couldn't recover. So a friend of mine was like well maybe maybe it's because they got wiped out after you get to this year. And I thought well that's it's a
nice way to look at it.
I hope you have a great afternoon.