Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
What
good,
how are you
um What's your
name?
Very nice to meet you. I'm mindy.
What
I am located just outside san Francisco in daly city. Are you from the area?
Okay that you're the second person I've talked to? Who is from Seattle? Yeah. Have
you talked to anyone?
Or love
I've talked to two people. One lady was from I think like south Carolina and then the other guy was. But where you are, it's interesting. Um So
if you don't mind me asking
why are you doing this service? Yeah.
Women.
Really? So they were doing this back in August 2? Yeah.
I
don't know.
Mhm. Yeah. So I actually have a friend kind of a friend acquaintance who works for this company. So yeah
I got an email about it and I was like this sounds familiar and I clicked on it, I was like dang but you know what I'm always thinking about like did someone watch their or someone sit there and watch the whole conversation?
it's kind of nice. Um Have you had any awkward conversation? So like
Yeah I was thinking about that too. I think people who are willing to do this for sure they're probably comfortable having a conversation with a stranger for 25 minutes, so Yeah,
How long how long did you bark end for? It's pretty cool.
Everything
well.
that
dining everything's closed. Mhm.
it's not gonna work. I think outdoor Donny still might feel out here but it's also cold and rainy here so tightly.
Whoa
it's true. Um So what are you doing now?
To be away from the
city?
I feel that I.
Wait so how long were you there before that? Like I've been Seattle
couple years.
I'm from Illinois originally. I can't go back though, definitely not. Um
For school actually.
Um So I've been in the Bay Area for like five years now but I was never in san Francisco itself. Um I I just get tired out by studies, I think they're a little bit draining. Um And one thing that the previous person that I spoke to uh also related with was the fact that I don't know, we're just like we're not setting people and then also we bonded over introversion. That was one thing like.
exactly. And then I was thinking is there is there a correlation here like most people are talking to are just like I'm a home body like same, that's one.
announced.
feel that way too. I basically can't hang out with people back to back like two days in a row, it's too much. But I find myself,
I was just just say I find myself like
having to justify
that though, but I like yeah what are you doing today? Like uh oh I hung out with someone yesterday.
that's the thing. Um What do I do? Is that what you asked? Um I'm I'm basically unemployed now. Um Prior to Covid though, I worked as a vet assistant at an animal hospital. Yeah, so I'm trying to be a vet student, so I just applied and I'm interviewing at schools right now.
Um But I had kind of like a family thing go down during Covid and then I stopped working for a while and then I came back, I just switch to part time and then now I'm just doing like relief shifts, lunch and surveys.
Look
what kind of job for you? What kind of jobs are you looking for?
I'm sure.
I like a boot camp you're going to start?
I haven't
the front.
Whoa.
My mom.
huh.
that's a really cool field to be in, definitely good for a job outlook too,
and
it's perfect for right now.
that's the case with everything now when you finally needed, you're like, oh shit, I should have stuck with, this would be a perfect time for me to be good at that. And
I'm
um kind of my quarantine Javi or the thing I've been taken up now is investing. I've really tried to get into investing um basically just starting by making myself more financially competent uh for sure. And the thing with investing is like I know it's a it's kind of like a myth that you have to be wealthy to start investing, but to a certain extent you do you do have to already have expendable, we need to start investing, you can start at any point, but you're not gonna see much um over obviously you have to wait a long time, but Even if you wait 10 years, we started with like a couple 100 bucks from their country much. Uh huh.
You used
robbing him.
What?
How many Sherries did you buy though?
Down,
There um there's this thing called day trading which pretty much you just watch the stock market per day and you know over here I'd be waking up at like six a.m. To like make my trades um start my bids and then that's how you make short term profits.
But after all the research I've done, I was just like yeah there's no way I can, there's no way and I don't have the confidence whatsoever. Just be like yeah just throw throw down my money right now, hope it turns out while um
thanks.
so badly even even like so I basically just started small brokerage accounts when I put down a little bit of money, but it was right before the stock market had this massive dip
just a couple
of, I don't know, two weeks ago or something. And even that hurt me, I was like
but obviously I'm intending on leaving that money for like 10 plus years so I don't even honestly I should just delete all apps on my phone, just don't even look at it. Yeah.
Might not have the personality for it. It's
another
thing.
One of my older brothers, he got really into texas hold'em like poker. Um you started playing that when he was in like high school for fun and then eventually he would be like going to a casino or just um fun but playing it pretty high stakes and I don't know how he did it. You can lose tons of money all at once and you try to teach it to me. Of course I was a little but for me would be like all or nothing I'd go all in or just be like fold, fold, fold. Yeah.
But
organs or talked to though. It's a lot of decision making.
There's ones.
I haven't played them any board games be honest.
Yeah. We need french for that for sure.
I have a
yeah I have a friend who's really into board games and his two best friends also are, so for their birthdays they've been getting like board games off of, you know he said there's some list that's just like oh top 100 I'm like what is the rink, what is the ranking like? To me it should be, the ranking should be like a ratio of like amount of effort put into understanding
how to play like the instruction versus like the payout. But he started just to learn the full game, it was like ours I think oh I couldn't
you do have to be committed but you put it all that commitment and like what if it's not worth it? At what point do you think? It's not like you question whether the game is actually being fun and it's going to be fun enough to like spend four hours watching video
script?
I think it means you're smart though. Yes,
they do.
not
People
is it going well for you other coding stuff?
That's open. I
think that's really cool first of all. But also I definitely think you're move, doesn't it? Don't you feel like it's a new slate for you
branded good?
Who
are surrounded by matter so much your environment for sure? Well, good on you for taking the steps to get yourself out of there?
I think
what?
Yeah. There really is. Well, was there a certain point when you, when you realized you were like fucking like I need to do something because I've definitely had that point before. I'm like God I've been pretty low for a pretty fucking long time. And then
I
know,
it was cool. I think this company better app does honestly my understanding of it is so poor, but I think they do something with mental health for sure. I think I think that's what the study is about. Probably.
I feel the same way I'm like saying sometimes when I finished a study to I'm like do you want to be debriefed? But I'm like uh oh my God, I really really should like I don't know why. Well I'll think it's interesting for sure but
well
I am
So
funny. Um There have been two that I've stuck with me aside from this one which is just cool. Um There's one that got pretty personal and then at the end it was like we are concerned yes. Um And then gave me some resources and stuff. I was like mm
well this one makes me feel some people and then another one was like team building activities where they match you up with like five people live and you have to do some kind of teamwork activity which is
pretty
interesting.
What
maybe you did that one. It's like we're supposed to be on like a colony and outer space or something
It was kind of fun. Right?
I think I think they were real people too because we really freaking struggled. We struggled on that one
task
we
had to yeah we had a task group basically. Like you could only see other people's tools. Yeah and my group I think there was like an eight minute time limit or something. We were really, really struggling and there was one dude who was just mashing a button every time you mash the button out of out of order, it
starts
over. So I was like, oh my God, so I put like no one could remember what the steps were. So I pulled up a little like no on my computer, typed out all the steps, just send it in the chat like you this, this this and I kind of made me laugh because I really like hide from leadership roles most of the time I found out that like found that about myself. But time limits man was like we need to do.
What?
I think it was it wasn't based on how you acted in
the game,
so I didn't take it that seriously, but it was definitely based on like some personality traits that you entered at the beginning.
But I only started doing like cereals in november. My friend told me about it, but it's pretty fun. I don't know much.
I don't give a lot. I
don't get something.
Uh I say.
Yeah. And that.
Yeah. Yeah. It's nice though that you kind of get, they filter it for you. So you only enter your demographics once and then basically qualified. I get a couple, sometimes I'm not actually qualified to do, but not many.
That's what I thought about. Just this kind of thing in general. What This 1? I don't know. Muslim things. Okay.
Holy
sh
did you get
were you able to talk to them? Could you do stuff?
That's a lot of one.
That's hilarious. Also imagine if you're the lab tech like yeah you have to stay up like 36 hours of this this like study participant.
And
I would first sure do that. But what do you think? Like did you have any special qualifications that allowed you to be in that study or was
it pretty well?
And then
Well.
And want
actually
definition.
Well,
only.
That's awesome. Down.
that was a prolific. You found that
on the
september.
Yeah. It was really nice talking to you,
and I'm so happy for you. Good luck with everything
they.