Hello?
Hey how's it going
experience?
Good too good.
I'm
blame.
Nice to meet you. Where you
out?
I'm up in Seattle.
Yeah.
I've done a few like one guy was in New Orleans and one just outside of Miami and then a girl
Portland but she was from Hawaii so it's been like a really big Mick. Yeah.
What
what?
I don't know. I well I just saw it on that sykes. I had done like the little surveys just for like coffee money basically accepted
board and then there were one back in august and had a really fun conversation so when I saw that they were doing it again I was like I just keep signing up because it's been I don't know.
I did it sometime in the summer I think around august but I only did one time to talk to a lady from texas and
so
yeah I was just like and then I got an email saying like I could re sign up for up to six times I guess. So.
Right.
Yeah. I don't know like or maybe they're just more concerned with the questions after something. But yeah, I'm not quite sure what they're studying but it's like whatever like three coffees for like talking for 25 minutes like
no like everyone's been like super cool, like I thought it was just gonna be like super awkward kind of like forcing conversation but people have like the most random stuff but it comes up and
I used to be like server bartender so I'm just like used to talking to people that I don't know. It's like I
like 10 years. 11
years. Yeah. I mean started
on I guess I was like a server assistant when I was young and we just serving and then eventually I was doing serving and bartending at various places. But I've gotten out of that field, well everything closed earlier this year so you know go back. We just stuck here actually. I think California is also like going back and phases right? Like we
just like yesterday.
it's right up here. The governor was like restaurants because I can still do to go and outdoor dining but it's like it's cold and rainy here like no one's being outside but thanks like. Yeah.
Yeah it seems like Washington Oregon and California all kind of have the same regulations
which makes sense.
Well nothing lately. Um I'm like starting to look for work but then everything's going like because I actually moved just a few like a few months ago or not even it's been like six weeks out of the main part of Seattle and I'm actually closer to Olympia, the capital now because I just needed I
just
got a few years and it kind of got to me near the end. I yeah, I'm a little crazy and got out of control and I was like all right, time to go regroup my life start up. Yeah.
And awesome. Like I went to like a nature reserve the other day and walked around with a break in the rain and it's just like I met someone that's like he lives in like a wood cabin in the woods and just go there and relax and I'm like this is chill, this is like the pacific vibes I'm looking for like
for a couple of years
yeah, I'm originally from Spokane, which is over on the other side of the state next to Idaho, I really wanted to get out of there. Yeah.
You go to the bay area
crap.
That's kind of funny to bond over that like over looking like
Like because I'm totally like right now I'm in like a program with some people and like they're all wanting to hang out all the time and I'm like I'm going back to my apartment unit and like being alone to recharge myself
and they're like the opposite where they like feed off of other people and I'm like I need you all to leave me alone and mhm
sorry, we're gonna say yeah,
not
no.
It's easier now with Covid, it's like a building is like
no masks. Mhm.
Yeah funding gaps and stuff
but yeah african have not worked and so long at this point and it's like it's kind of weird to go back to work.
I don't know I'm just going to have to do like briefs
are retail for now. I'm studying I study computer science like I'm learning how to code. I'm not doing like an official program yet, I'm waiting to start that.
Um I've done kind of like the free boot camp ones where they just like you don't get like the certification anything but then I'm going to do uh you had a W. G. U.
Western Governor University it's all
wine and I'll get my Bachelor's in kansai there and it's awesome because you just like pay for six months at a time. You take as many classes as you can during that time because it's just competency based. You can test out of any class at any time.
There's a lot of like, because I never got my A or anything so I can like whipped through the like english and all that early stuff. I think a college for two years getting all that, so I'm soaked. It'll be a really good thing because I've just been studying coating on on my own and trying to be a lick of portfolio.
I want a degree
in case I want masters, you know? Yeah.
Yeah. Easy to like work from home or freelance
and travel around once. That's the thing again, like,
Yeah, I know, I wish if I would have stuck with it, I'd be done by now, but life kind of got on the way for me.
But it's
already everything happens for a reason.
Sure it's interesting and I've tried to look into it like one of my friends having signed up for that Robin Hood app, which is like
the recess
or whatever. I mean I got like one Macy stock that was like $2 but then like went up to like, I don't know went up like three or $4. So I was like
okay, I'm selling it like whatever that was three.
I didn't end up buying like any, like I got the one free one and it was like, it was like seeing how it worked with whoever I want to do everything they have like money to put in. But he was doing he put a lot in and he did it on, he tried to explain to me, I don't even know what it was, he didn't have specific shares. He was like Investing on what the market was going to do. Like up or down somehow he made like $4,000 and I was
just like like over the like not very long time and I'm just like. he's like yeah you should have invested in the blah blah blah, I'm like you should have just like I would have given you my word check and like kind of that way.
No.
scary because
to rely on that it can all go south real quick.
You
know?
No. Yeah.
it's going to go up and down all the time so it's better to like all this blood is eventually, it will go up in the long run like
No
idea
what you're stressed about that. People always ask me if I want to go like the casino or stuff and I'm like um maybe I'll put like $5 and a stop, but if I make that into turn I'm stopping and like I'm just like uh
but
I'm not gonna that either like any of the car, I don't know. I just, it stresses me out honestly fun. Let's just go play a board game for fun. Like
oh I play some like pretty like nerdy ones. Like
um it's hard to um I like a curricula which is like a farming one but it's like a work replacement that like it's really thinki like Yeah and there's some like seven wonders is good. Um Have you played to many in? It's like a card builder gaining.
I was trying once I was thinking are a little more mainstream but not quite because I used to like, I spent so much money on board games like that. You can only get like the special stores and then it's really hard to find people that want to play them. Like
they come over like I have friends over for being nice and stuff. I had to get lighter more like party games because it was just like no rules for like one minute. It's like find
nerd run group.
I mean,
to watch videos on Youtube before I would like to explain to the other people and it's, you really have to be committed.
that's true. Like, I don't know. Like there's some that I won't even try that like games
will take like seven or eight hours. Like it's like, oh, like, I don't know, but it's fun. Like.
Yeah.
That's just the way my brain works. Like I don't have the creative side. Like everyone I've talked to so far has all been really into music. Like two of them had music degrees and the other just played it also. And I just, I've tried and I just don't have that skill like I don't know.
I'm not at all like, yeah, not artistic and even like coding stuff, I don't like doing the front and design of like, like doing the back end. It's literally just loading numbers and type,
you know? Like I like math. Like basically.
I mean I like it. I'm like making progress and it's because I took a long time off because I ended up, so I'm actually in like recovery. I've dealt with addiction for a long time and I was doing well in this and then I relaxed like last year sometime. And so I just finally got myself together. That's why I've been down in here for like seven weeks now.
No.
100%.
very toxic scene in Seattle I was right in the heart of it, right on Capitol Hill, it was just the gay area and I was like all these guys just like taking advantage and it was just like
drunk.
thank
you.
I was nervous. But it's like I just realized I'm like so happy like the last few days especially and I'm getting into the rhythm of it. I'm just like, why did I let myself be miserable for so long? Like that's so dumb. I gave up and then Covid happened and I'm just like, whatever, this is life now. I'm just like the world. So now I'm like, all right, the world's great. There's ways to move past this.
Yeah. I mean I have, I feel like there's been many moments that and this is actually my 6th treatment center reverse swan. That's actually helped deal with mental stuff as well because I've felt depression and anxiety and they like really been on top of like tackling that and like that's why like I started taking some stuff and I'm like holy crap, I feel like this is what normal people feel like, like what is this? Like, I feel like good and productive and all this. Like I want to do stuff every day instead
of
just like blur gig, you know? Yeah.
Yeah, probably good point. Like I should probably now that I've done like four or five of these, I should look it up and see what I'm actually contributing to, you know?
it's been pretty like intense ones too. I took on the other day that ended up taking like 15 or 20 minutes and it got
like
personal about like childhood trauma and sexual eating all this stuff and I'm used to like super simple ones and I get that I'm like dang. They're really like making me feel something's right now, what is this for? And then of course this finish and forget to
put it. Uh huh.
Okay.
I
didn't
like, yeah, we have to solve problems and like, yeah, I
think I did a point.
I totally did the, yeah, I like to,
yeah, at first I totally thought it was just kind of like making it up and it wasn't actually other people. I was like, oh no, this actually is people like I think it was a really good a I like
I
don't have
parted.
I
start number
That's often the one at the end that they like
said stuff about like your personality or something based on how you acted in the game or
Book.
Book
Okay. That makes more sense. Like I just remember something and it was like really accurate. I was like, whoa, but I don't know. It takes many service. They run together and just like that. Yeah.
On and off for a while now. It's, It goes through phases where I feel like I'm just like getting a ton. Like I'll check in the morning and have like 10 I can do and I'm like building up on you like, and then I'll check for like weeks and seems like I'm getting nothing. And I'm like, uh,
it
really hit or miss you
and it depends on other ones you've answered in like your profile. Because I've noticed I do get some very specific ones towards like gay male stuff and not. Apparently people need to know stuff like All right. Well, what
about the politics?
Yeah. This is definitely, I've tried some other survey sites and the effort to money ratio is always just not even worth doing.
No. Yeah, prolific. And I've always been a few years ago I did an in person study and it was for a weekend and it was a sleep study, but I got $700 just to go there. I got like monitored with all this stuff. The first night I had to take all these reaction tests. Then they kept me up for 38 hours straight and having to take the reaction tests and just get slower and slower. But I wasn't allowed to fall asleep
just
me and whatever. Like Tech lab tech was working like a college student like, you know, they were like a masters
and
Yeah, so I was hanging out with them like watching movies doing puzzles, playing games like all that because they whatever they could do to keep me awake because there would be up to four people but someone had canceled and they were only going to have to people anyway. So it was just me and I had like I was the only time I could do it. So I'm like, I still want to do it and I thought some 100 stores
Kind of fun. Except we were in the lighting was always the exact same. No windows the same. That stuff like all over my head and body, like the what they're called. But they monitor everything like.
Well they got like switching out shifts you roll and then like someone would come back and they're like it's me again and I just like I'm dying like I'm like left and come back. How long have you been awake? Can I go to sleep
yet? And they're like, no.
No,
it could be anyone between a certain age
like it wasn't like the only thing you have to be healthy and then not
have sleep issues basically because they wanted reaction based
on or like they're studying like policeman doctor stuff like that,
like
a weird reaction times get infected basically basically. Um So yeah, it was cool and then I just couldn't like the week before uh you couldn't like smoke or drink caffeine or anything like that, which I had already cut a lot of that stuff out anyway. like no drinking
at that time was not working too, so
it was kind of perfect for me. I was like, I don't do any of those things, so. Yeah.
Yeah, I haven't seen anything like that lately, but it's probably because in person is not really happening right now.
No, this was it was on a college campus.
24.
Nice. So that went really fast.
You have a great rest of your life.
Thank you. Have come down there