no
any sound out
now. I can't hear you though. It's funky. You can I'm sorry. Bear with
me
here,
you can do this. We can make it. You can make
it through the storm.
Right? Yeah. My other one is working for this one too. Did you work with? Amazing? Yeah. There you go. All
Yes. I just
have
to not.
Mhm. I'm sorry. So, hi, how are you today?
I'm griffin
griffin
brady
people just
have
that's an awesome name for a child.
Great name april. So let's try and go until like 31 after because of my technical difficulties.
I should have
known better
than to Bluetooth.
I'm in Tucson Arizona.
Everybody, everybody I know is really happy about all that. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't actually normally do politics, but I registered to vote this year specifically for it. Is that that fan? Okay, turn my fan back. Does
that?
Okay, good. It's a little warm in here.
I I never felt
like I needed to I never felt like I needed to give a shit about it and this time I was the right thing to do. So I did.
That's
Well, I've always been really poor so it's never really been a a big deal, but we also got legal weed, which I'm not really interested in. But everybody else is really happy about that one as well because
yeah, everyone I know has been voting on that proposition forever and like it finally fucking past. So I know lots of people that are really spoke about that acting
It
gives me horrible anxiety so I don't smoke it.
huh.
Like like, like because I have anxiety as it is and it just makes it not always, but it has the potential of making it way, way worse. But I have to like go and hide and like rock back and forth and I feel like I'm dying for a long time. So I just
I don't like it. I don't and I've tried I've tried hundreds of times and different varieties and edibles. I even have, they said I got these on Reddit for free and it's like anxiety, see Bds do nothing, they do nothing.
That's right.
It's
I I
like I
like a long like a like a long time, like
like
20 minutes. Like peter panic. Yeah.
What?
Yeah. I think I'm allergic or something which is incredibly uncommon. But everyone I know smokes or does CBD to some variety and it just not does not work for me. At best at best I could push through and like with with weed and I could I could smoke it like in small amounts over a period of time and fight through those anxieties and then it's slightly better but still just not really worth it to me.
they were.
Trust
me.
Go.
I just I just drink I just drink.
Absolutely.
you
know
You know it's not it's not a big deal. So what kind of shit are you in town?
Hold down
what?
Well
Yeah. I miss punk shows. I miss punk shows a whole lot. Yeah.
It's
not
what?
Well no.
All
I was a ranger. I was a raver in my teens for a long time. I understand electronic music. I listen to a lot of weird dancy bedroom poppy kind of kind of stuff when it comes to electronic and
Van. She is a good example. I have this I have this massive playlist that Spotify recommends me like I do my discover weekly and I have this huge playlist that's just built off of that. And so I don't actually really know a lot of the bands because I don't look anymore into their music. I just like that one particular song. But the growlers are good. Uh That's punk. I don't know adult mom, the
baby
do it again. Just like the weird shit.
Your girl,
you're a girl so you're allowed
you hear.
Truck.
Mr
True.
That's
pretty
crazy. We went to Coachella once. Uh
huh.
That was the year that the strokes played, remember many years ago. That was
you try.
It is.
Practice.
I
went just because I went just it was 2011 and I went just because the strokes are playing and they're like they're like my one of my favorite mainstream rock
bands.
Yeah I fucking love the strokes and it was.
Hey that's back in the 80s and back in the
day.
And I have.
Come
on.
look
It's because of my brother's best friend, he's like obsessed with it. And like every time that the new lineup comes out he's over at our house they're like going over the whole lineup and that's how we we got into that. But mostly locally like the kind of punk I listened to is called folk punk. It's like uh kobo we kind of traveler punk and they played in really small venues and like I know several of the band's like one of my favorite ones actually when I owned the house, played in my living room a couple of times.
And so it's a really it's kind of like a smaller kind of closely knit genre of music with a with a really good community of people but they're called days and days if you want to look them up
days and days
for
what their entry level and they're super great and they're probably the most famous spoke punk band in the world right now
for a Well it is an interesting rabbit
hole that instead 15 minutes looking into. Thank
you.
Because
Yeah.
Don't
forget.
Okay.
Mm.
Well
yeah, I understand. Uh there they slept in my house, you know what I mean? So it's
kind of like it's kind of like he hits me up in the lead singer of that man hits me up and talk to me about video games all the time because he's a big
big gamer dork as well as being a traveling musician and it just hits me up to talk to me about dark souls and shit, which is hilarious. Yeah,
Thanks.
Just stop.
I'm not a best friend who liked pretty much all of the bands that I did and then I realized that he liked all the bands that I did because I showed them to him.
I mean, you know what I mean? It's not like we we just happen to have the same taste. It just came about. Uh huh.
Oh sure, sure I'm not
I'm not funny daddy.
No.
What's
up
for real? Oh shit, sorry,
the
button just popped out for my flannel. He just like flew across the room.
I mean
What?
Come
on.
Trump.
I
don't know.
Help
the way this is good at this. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. I feel that I
feel that
I
also in letter communication with my favorite artist and he is not famous artist at all. But every time he sends me a letter back I get unbelievably giddy excited about
it.
Um It actually started because I wrote him on band camp, uh thanking him for like saving my life, and then email and then letters.
Yeah, he sent me, he recently sent me a demo of his new album before he put it up and I was like
um I like
the holy grail, he's not he's not famous, but I'm like the only person in the world, he likes him and what they might do, but it's still
it's
still
it's not
I have
Black.
that's that's the thing about the genre in general, is they're all really accessible people there, they have normal lives and hang out and you know, I don't know, I don't know, it just
seems,
it seems
that
they
seem
lot
more.
get it,
you probably,
if you send him, if you send him a heartfelt letter, he would probably write you back
and send you like a patch of some stickers and shit because
he's
pretty
That that example. But I get the point
back.
I want
back.
I
could
not name a single Beyonce's song.
I couldn't
name a single
now.
crap.
Which?
She was in another she was she was in Destiny's Child, wasn't she? Yeah. See I remember Destiny's Child from my youth back
when
back
for
well, yeah. Well I used to watch MTV when I was a kid. Everybody everybody did mm
Hear
what?
Come on.
Hang
up. Yeah.
Fuck
basically.
Well
democrat.
Bye.
Trump.
Trying to keep that that you know, rock star body going on and stuff.
Why?
And I
I must
say.
Mhm. You're kind of a dork, but I like it.
The
first
level.
Like
whole
career.
All
you can.
it's not.
Yeah. Don't go chasing waterfalls. Yeah, go
chasing waterfalls, man.
How was it, carol? What the fuck is destiny's child? Mhm. I hope you look it up because I definitely know that's not bad. But you're right, that is TLC shit.
All
It
was the best one to
please.
that's a lineup right
there, man.
Lord.
Lord.
I'm like,
Yeah. You're
talking
And ironically it's really amusing to me. I'm sorry.
No
hint of irony in your voice.
I
was
totally gonna
be
just so
I uh
Yeah.
What?
People
go,
Like
if
he
would
have showed up at a rave when we were raving, we would have just left, no, been like, no, I'm just gonna go home. But I don't know, I'm sort of picky when it comes to music.
What?
That's what
Thank
you.
I understand my parents were punks and my my stepfather, my mother and my father were punks and my stepfather worked at a record store, so my whole musical upbringing was really eclectic and and weird and we never listened to the radio or anything like that,
so I never
that. But my best friend Who thinks he's really cool, really loves top 40 music as well and so I make fun of you for that, but you know, we're
almost
done.
So
I
like what you like, that's the whole thing, man, I don't give a shit people like what I like, I don't think that I'm cool for liking particular things.
I don't like giving recommendations and like I'm like, this is you're gonna love this shit
represent
doesn't
it?
Crime
Yeah, and just do it because
you're going
to drop
what we're almost done, but I will give you a recommendation because I'm still kind of gushing about it and it's a Youtube channel, it's a Youtube channel, it's not music, but it's called Vagrant Holiday and
it's fucking awesome.
It's
a, it's a single guy and he documents himself traveling around the world on the super cheap and like, stealth camping instead of getting hotels and he just breaks vagrancy laws and trespasses and gets away with unbelievably crazy things. Like in Vienna, he climbed and he climbed up a cathedral in Vienna to the, to the top of it. People all around, there's a prison island in Washington, that that's like, it has an active prison on it, and it has an inactive prison on it and a bunch of abandoned houses. It's super illegal and he just kayaked over to it and
explore.
Okay. Yeah. And just, and it's like this huge torch flashlight and he's just wandering around like, controls and he just get caught like, ever and it's amazing. I watched the whole
series, there's like six videos, it's like five hours of content. I watched the whole series back to back. I was so absorbed because he's got a great personality. Yeah,
I just felt just a recommendation.
well, yeah,
you, too. It was nice talking to you
help
you have a good rest of your day by.