Hello? Oh I can't hear you right? Yeah. The network. Oh yeah. Mhm. Uh huh, wow. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. We're gonna Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Oh boy. But yeah Yeah. Good. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think Mhm. Yeah.
Hello? I can hear it like a teeny tiny bit. Oh now I don't hear anything. Mhm. Mhm. This has happened to me before. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
Now
no
it's
fine,
we'll
get there.
Can you hear me now?
I
feel
like that, I feel like that Verizon commercial,
I'm going okay, How are you? My name's Ariel. Thanks to with you.
What is it?
Oh my my friends
just had
of people
to go and their son's name is Griffin.
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, no problem.
Where
are you?
Yeah, where are you from?
Okay, Arizona is like big in the news today. Yeah.
I I am also,
I don't
hear anything that's fine.
Yeah, I am. I know a bunch of people who, this was the first thing that they voted.
What?
I mean, I think, I think, I think the people I know who never voted before this year kind of felt similarly that like, you know, I mean, I think they're just kind of like if you come from a certain level of privilege, you kind of like politics doesn't affect you as much, but
when things get really bad, is that right?
I realized Arizona also had that. Um
yeah, I I live in new york and we, we don't have that here, but New Jersey also got legal in, you know the election a week ago and people are really excited about it. I don't, I don't really indulge people often. I don't really like it that much, but I'm still like very excited for everyone else there. Like we can cross the boarder and just go pick up in Jersey and like, yeah, which
is,
yeah, I um, I used to quite a, I
I also get anxiety from it, but not like not like paranoia, anxiety, like actual panic attacks, sweats.
The same thing, that's so interesting. You know, I don't actually really typically meet a lot of people who have had that experience because we just typically such a calming and like people use it to distract and
I don't trust CVD. I mean I fully understand that a lot of people get a lot of benefit from it. I've tried a number of things, both the stuff that you invest and like topical things. It either doesn't absolutely nothing
for me or I was in colorado like two summers ago I bought a bunch of CBD points and not a few of them while I was there and it was great and I smoked one of them back home in new york because they just brought them on the
plane with me and I got a terrible panic attack. Like I thought one of the worst I've ever had, thought I was dying
having
attack
and I was
small.
Yeah, like, yeah, for like
an hour. And it really upsetting to me because like, you're not supposed to feel anything when you like smoke CBD and it was just like, oh, if this does mean then like, I really should not do this stuff anymore.
Yeah. I mean I do,
I do smoke
sometimes, but
like, it's only particularly at this point if I'm like with friends who are,
and the thing is like I genuinely like if I don't have a panic attack, I really like it and I'm sad that I can't do it because especially this year has been so stressful that I think will be really nice to have that calm down.
I just I just can't. Um But but it's also
like all the problems to have in life, you know, like not being able to smoke weed is like, it doesn't really register even
like
serious problems like why?
in life.
Well, so I'm
going to live music or was, you know, which, which actually I think is why like I'm around, we'd probably more than other people
and yeah, I I usually spend a lot of my summer, it's like going to music festivals and concerts and stuff and you miss that quite a bit.
I I don't listen to that kind of punk
of
the punk show. I listen to
kind of like call it sort of like weird like electro funk and soul music. So
it's like treatment but not like instance like
music. It's like actually, I know, I think like the normal person who's not until a techno would still could still maybe like it because it really is more funk and soul bates. Come on.
Yeah. Like who, who are some
I've
never heard of anything that was great.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean I I also did a lot of like mainstream, I mean I love pop music in all honestly like I love mainstream pop music. I love like Kesha and lady gaga and stuff like that. And I also
like alternative.
Yeah. It's it's
like I love literally like aside from going to music festivals which are all kind of like a big deal, a lot of the stuff I live into is in like really tiny music venues because the artists are not particularly not large enough to sell out venues. So it when I, the most of the shows, I don't, you are in these small venues
are fine. I love those. But sometimes it's really nice to go
to like Madison Square Garden and just see a giant
spectacle with pyrotechnics, right? And like choreography and 14 outfit changes like, you know, and
like
I'm
really?
Was that
I um I've never been to Coachella.
I have like mixed feelings about it
in that like, I feel like I would want to go one year because that's the festival that every artist like pulls out all stops for, you know, like they're ever going to bring out a special guest, do a crazy thing. Like it's going to be a Coachella because it's like a music festival. Um But also like coming from the east Coast just, I mean, I
have to be prepared to drop like two or $3000 just on, you know, ticket and latin hotel and all of that stuff.
Flights.
And
the great,
I told them a band back in the day, I guess like in the thousands.
no,
there there's great. But yeah, I don't typically like the Coachella lineup, you know, every year when it comes out, I look at it and I think last year, last year I was like, this is the lineup I would go to. And then I realized
that if you're not like on the website at the moment trying to get tickets, like forget it because so like,
maybe
like a week after they announced that I was like, oh, let me just let me just see how much they are and they're like,
oh, they've been sold out. So I didn't know. But
That's awesome.
What is it called?
I will, I will look them
all.
I've never even heard of folk punk genre
interesting.
I
don't, I don't find as much new music now as I used to. I mean every single often I do, but for the most part I feel like I just continue
to listen to the same stuff. Um,
but the music that I listen to is
also
very similar to what you described in that like pretty niche community. And you know, I've met a lot of people just through a shared love of certain artists through facebook facebook groups, like for people who like particular artists are in like a particular, you know, region. Um
and it's it's really great and a lot of the artists, like I'm not friends with them millions, like certainly no, like I'm playing my house, but I've met them a few times and like they're really accessible um
in a way that like, you know, and wants has not been like ever have a twitter chat
with me kind of thing.
That's
I love it.
no, I love that stuff. Um I mean I like, again, I like going to the big mainstream shows too, but I like kind of having a more
community aspect music and just like know that, you know, like I get really excited whenever I meet people who to listen to some of this
because I do because I don't typically meet, I actually don't really know if I've ever met someone who listens to the music I like outside of the music content context. Like obviously through the friends or at shoulder at festivals, but I've never just like met one randomly like loves the same music that I do,
which is you're not like that. I think that's fine.
I think it feels sort of nice what brings someone bring someone along?
But
yeah, I understand what you mean. I am. It's not really the same I guess. Like there are a few times where I've been at like a music festival and I'll go down to the forint, which I don't
really do. Like I'm not really like a rail kind of person, but like,
there was
one time I remember like,
Everything
you
Um Time for
shirt. That's right. Uh Number. I
I was at a music
up
wall here in the city and there was like an hour before this band that I like coming on. So, and everyone else that I wanted to see. So I just over to the stage where they were going to be and there was no one there.
So I like, just walked up to the front and there were a few other people there. And so I started talking to them and I was, I was by myself with music festival and none of them had never really like heard of this band or like, one of them was like, oh, I saw them in a festival like a few months ago and I really liked it, so I'm here. But I didn't really know anything about them and it was fine, like
I was happy
to chat with strangers, but I also I just want someone to sharing this
with me because it was like one of my favorite bands ever.
and I just I just wanted someone to be as excited as I was and someone who's like, I've seen them a bunch of times and like, I really want to hear like particular and they were just like, oh, I just can't understand, but they're like, I could be speaking anywhere happened to be standing in front of the stage,
but
no, it's OK. Mhm. Could I
wouldn't,
Like
a like an actual physical letter, wow, that's so how did you get to that place?
that's so great.
that's very
I'm impressed.
I think
that's
fine though, you know, like it's you like it's still even if it's not
that other people like it's so cool to you, you know? And I think
it's and I think that's one that's one of the benefits of like liking and admiring people who are not
super mainstream, is that you that greater access to them, you know? And like
No,
but
it's
true
though.
Like if
you're
Yeah, like if your favorite band was the Foo Fighters and like I love the Food Fighters, but like you're probably not going to get a written letter. I mean, I think Dave also
like someone who would write a handwritten letter
from
Well
he probably
would
actually. But
right. Like to use Beyonce again, like Beyonce is not
going to write a handwritten letter. I mean, I wouldn't write her a letter. I'm I'm like a very
average level fan Beyonce. Like I like the music that she's put out
like have been singles on the radio and aside from Lemonade, I don't I don't, I've never owned like a full album of her, so I
don't consider myself
here.
You
probably
heard.
I mean if you well I guess if you are familiar with
the top 40 type music in general from the point in the last,
How long is her career? 15 years, 20 years then you probably.
you probably
hear
from
Destiny's Child songs.
my my main frame of reference, like when I think of Coachella is actually like Beyonce perform there I think three years ago or two years ago
and
then they put out a movie about it called Homecoming and it's basically like uh it's like two hours. I'd say most of it, a little more than an hour is actually just concert footage and then interspersed
that if they basically it's kind of like documentary style like talking with her and her team about kind of the concept behind it. And it's
actually
fascinating like the whole performances
distribute to black
culture and all of the I mean the cast, The cast is the right word. The performers. I mean they're like probably at least like 200 people on stage with her. And she had like dancers and strippers and a whole orchestra and like all sorts of crazy stuff. Like it was a very elaborate production and all of the
people who were in it with her. She recruited
from um like historically black colleges and universities and it just like talks
about like it was her kind of tribute to the culture and all the differences and what it represents and also goes through like her personal life at the time because she had just given birth and like she was trying
to recover from having a child and she's trying to like get in shape and all this stuff. But
yeah, I mean she talks about like how she was like I didn't
eat meat, dairy,
gluten carbs, like sugar, coffee, alcohol. Like he basically just I think, you know vegetables and maybe some brains and stuff, which you know, she's like work now and dancing constantly and trying to like, you know, raise. I mean she had twins I think right before this she's trying to be a mom and all that stuff. But I've watched that
movie
embarrassingly like a few times.
Yeah, I mean it's just I just I really like I really like the concert footage. Like it's really gratifying amounts of length of time. Like it's like, you know, the first
block
longest,
maybe like 15 or 20 minutes and then it's you know it's not like we cut to 30 seconds of her performance, they do in like really good chunks of time. Um And she's
like all
the songs,
your songs that I know because it's all like really big songs and she does bring
out the other two members of Destiny's Child and jay Z
and tons of other special guests and it was like that's like it's Coachella
like the thing you know if you're going to pull out all the stops like that was a big performance.
yeah
That was TLC yet one
Yeah who is also
I had I've seen them I mean look I passed away a long time ago but I've seen
Tv
I know I've seen
a few times over the years in various moments actually. Think of last summer I saw TLC and NELLY and flo rider. Waite was a flow rider. Yes, it was flO ride
honestly
was great. I I love I mean I loved all of it. All of it was great. Like I don't I don't know that I would have paid how much we paid for like just florida. I probably would have to be honest. I really love music but
like
it was one of those things where like he and telling people have been around for so long and my friends they were all there and like they just,
it's like after hit after hit because they've been around for so long and you're just like I forgot about this song and I forgot about this song and it was like it was so fun.
You know sometimes
just like
I think
I had
no,
no great,
I'm
not
doing
this.
I'm ironically not, no. Yeah,
100%
genuine. Like I really liked it. I had oh no, it was I had a roommate
wanted to
I don't remember why, but I thought it was all right. But it was Pitbull where he was like, who the fuck would ever pay to see Pitbull? And I was like, I would pay to see Pitbull, like not a lot like 20 bucks.
I would
pay to
see
Pitbull.
Yeah. I mean and and rightfully so, you know, and I think like I also am but I fully admit
that like Because I grew up listening to mainstream like top 40 stuff, you know, it wasn't really until Probably like 2013
where I started listening to stuff other than what everyone is exposed to the radio and stuff like that. So like my whole like youth, I was just like listening to all
that mainstream stuff
so I really have like a soft but for it.
got
it. Mhm.
I mean
it's like
it's not like my proudest you know evolve like the music stuff that
I'm interested in or into. Like it's not like I'm the most proud of also liking same music as millions of other people but you know I just I just go
pick.
Yeah. Yeah I don't I don't have to like never really forced my music on people except when I really really think that someone will like something and that's me.
I only I only give targeted recommendations and that's just not even for music that's for like T. V. Shows and stuff too. Like if I'm watching a tv show and I love it I'm not going to ever say everyone should watch it. But if I think of someone else who like particularly love the show
then I very insistent about it. And I have like I haven't succeeded as much as I would have liked around getting people to listen to the music
that
I like. But every so often
I just listen to like the four songs by this artist. I know that's exactly the kind of shit that you're into. Like can you just do me a favor?
I'm just
looking
to it please and like I'm almost always right.
What
what is what kind
of channel?
He
liked to the opposite of escaping he escaped him.
What?
Thanks. I mean like I have no plans this weekend because like everything really shut down due to Covid so maybe I'll check more about thanks so much.
Yeah I appreciate it enjoying
your on weekends.
Yeah you too.
Bye.