Yeah. Yes, yes. Mhm. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm Mhm Uh huh Mhm Uh huh Mhm Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, of course. Why? Thank you. Mhm. You can do that. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Yes, Yeah. Hey, can you hear me? Okay? Mhm.
My name is, jen, what's your name?
Nice to
meet you.
Act
I'm guessing you need to.
Yeah, no, it is actually did it once before. Um And I mean it's just interesting to kind of people like in other areas just to see everybody's doing.
um Well, I'll tell you a little bit about me, so I'm I live in Virginia
I'm actually right by Richmond, like down south, a little bit, so pretty close. yeah, where do you live now?
that's always fun.
Yeah, thank goodness, I'm actually from pennsylvania, so right by new york, I mean I've been there a couple of times, not the best place in the world, it's a lot of people,
but a lot to do.
I feel like now the new york is a lot safer than south.
Oh yeah, it was definitely scary out
there, so what do you do for work?
How do you do that remotely?
so you do
like a lot of research studies then?
I
think
everybody
That's cool.
exactly, now that you're working remote, are you working like full time or part time or?
Well, it keeps you busy then?
Oh yeah, no, I definitely agree, it's like nothing to do at all.
I mean I work remote as well, my job is more flexible so the hours really aren't as full time as I would like, but
I've
been
doing pretty much anything as you like trying to fill my day with random stuff, whatever, you know online. I feel like online has been really busy, which is great like with studies and just pretty much anything. That's good.
I do. Yeah.
Yeah, I do. Yeah, I do. It's so funny because everybody like I talked to is like your money and I was like, oh my god, how does everybody know about your money?
Yeah. I know. I think their money is really accurate because a lot of people, it's like personal opinion, A lot of people actually use that
money to
live off of. So I really like their advice.
It's crazy.
Disk. I think it's the Scout. Yeah.
The most I made was like
100
bucks on there. But it's like really there's like a lot of screeners you have to do. I feel like to get to something good.
yeah. No
I did one on there. It was just it was a
lot of work though and I
I mean some of them are really easy but there was just one that just, it was like constant.
They wanted you to keep going to the grocery store and taking pictures and it's like it was annoying. So some of them, I mean some of them were worth it. Some of them are not worth it. Just like with anything with any studies you have to really pick and choose.
My favorite is user testing. I'm not sure if you heard of them or you use them.
Well it's actually all microphones, you don't have to use the video. Yeah, so it's really easy, you can make, I don't want to see a ton of money, but a decent amount of money on there and it's 10 minutes for $10. I mean it's really good.
Yeah, I would definitely look into that.
Oh yeah, especially in new york, it's expensive.
There you go.
that's tough.
that's scary to move though during a pandemic.
That's crazy though. Uh
I mean we we have
like our own house, we have like two acres um so that's really kind of what we do, we don't really go anywhere, well I don't go anywhere um now, but just outside is just kind of going in the backyard and front yard or kind of maybe going to the park, but for me, I feel like it's kind of scary to go
out, you know like in the city like enrichment or something like that because you just
don't know who has what, you know?
Yeah, you have
You have a corner or you don't have a car
there,
you
know?
That's crazy though. And plus like in new york, new york, everything is like so close together, so what's the point of a car
and then now this happens?
yeah.
No
That's cute. Now do you have like a park nearby at least or not really?
Mm
That must be so hard though.
Yeah, I can imagine.
I was
on birth.
Is she working from home too? Oh
good,
that's awesome.
Do you have any pets or anything
or No?
Do you guys ever want to move like out of the city? You're not really?
Yeah it's tough.
that's crazy. Where's your girlfriend from? She's from new york
uh So she's right so yeah
so
I don't yeah I think now I think a lot of people are thinking a little differently, everything's going on.
Yeah
we have a little gap. Yeah cats aren't that exciting but it's something,
I guess things you didn't name her. Yeah.
Oh my gosh
That is killed
my gosh that's crazy.
I'm sure after that experience you probably never will again.
are more playful anyways and they're nicer.
No I do yeah no he's really friendly. He has he's indoors only not I mean bone in his body I mean he's very loving and cuddly but you know cats just don't play I guess you know when they sleep so.
know
I mean they put it there for a minute and then they're like okay this is boring, so just how cats are. I used to have a guinea pig, they're actually really good pets.
Why two of them? I had ginger and I had marsh marshmallow, marsh but they're very friendly. They run up to the cage when you come home. I mean they're just like little dogs are so cute. Yeah
so that's a good that's a good like apartment pet.
Yeah I think I ever had that
but
carrots,
lettuce
It was actually really sad. One of my guinea pigs. Um
You know because I bought everything for my guinea pig, I loved him and I bought him this gate side, it was like a little gate
and on the picture of the box it's you know a show like a guinea pig outside and the sun having fun. So I put him in the gate and I was outside, he was outside having fun and then he like kind of stopped moving, I was like oh my god what's going on? So I brought him inside and like he died, I
was really upset because I didn't know this, but they can't be outside for like more than like 10 or 15, 20 minutes because it's so hot and like the sun and I didn't know that.
No.
Yes, I was so sad, it was sad.
yeah, and I was like why would they sell this product and show a guinea pig in the sun? Like who does that?
The
I know, I was really that was like my favorite pet and I was really sad.
Well I did, I got mars and then mars ended up just being too wild. Like the like it's so crazy, like the first guinea pig ahead ginger was like, it would like seriously just like a dog, like you can pet him play with him, he was just a dog, and then marsh was more like an actual wild animal bite. You, you know, crazy. So it's hard to find like guinea pigs that are like loving and you know, I actually want to play with you. Yeah.
I'm sure I'm sure we animals do. Yeah, it is what? It is sad but true. Mhm. So I'm guessing you guys don't have any kids or anything.
Mhm. You never know, we actually have a little boy, a one year old,
so
he's just yeah he's uh it's crazy just you know being a parent, he's so wild and crazy.
That's who?
Well he just started walking. Yeah he loves it outside.
Yeah. Yeah. I know, I know one year old towns like so old but they're still really little.
When you go,
when you
yeah, usually when you have your own kids and it's like then you really start knowing the ages when you went to Virginia. Did you
like I know they're not in new york and pennsylvania. But did you get attacked by those yellow flies?
Well you didn't
have that in there
when you went
to your parents?
I mean I think they're everywhere. Unless you're just here but there are these yellow flies every time you go outside they like they bite you
and I didn't know if it's just like
a southern thing or what, but they're
like really bad,
wow. Your parents must be lucky then.
yeah, that's
true.
That makes sense.
Yeah, because that's why we don't really go outside that much either because they like they're crazy.
I mean the only thing I found was like on amazon you can buy like these, it's like a sticky ball and they like stick to it. That's really the only thing like spray doesn't work. Like nothing works.
No, no, I didn't get it yet because I was going to, but then it said the season is almost over and they're like $40 for one. So Yeah. Yeah, they're like
this big,
huge.
Yeah. So we just stay inside. Mhm.
It's been really bad. Like really humid.
I think
with the storm like it's going to cool down a little bit. Yeah.
Which
is,
this was to just get it tonight, I'm not sure if it's coming up to you guys
though. I don't think so. Oh
so I'm guessing it's been bad this year then?
Uh huh I'm guessing it was hot
I hope you have it now.
Good awesome.
that's so crazy. At least it wasn't inside your apartment though cameras.
Yeah you never know. Uh
That was that was a crazy story.
Yeah I think we I think we've been on the right amount of time um I would say like
maybe 30 minutes we've been on 35 minutes
so I think I think we should be good. Okay all right well it was nice meeting you.
Thanks. Good luck tail. Hope everything goes good for you
by