what's your name? Yeah.
Greg. Mhm.
Yeah.
Nice to meet you. So
you found out about this thing through prolific? Yeah. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I guess that's where this from. Um Yeah, I mean it's it's kind of interesting. I've never done something like this before.
Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Um What's been going on with you
with? Oh yeah, I used to live in, I went to college in Virginia. Yeah, in northern Virginia. Vienna Vienna Virginia. But I went to I went to school in Williamsburg. Yeah. And I also did a little brief stint in Richmond. Um Where in Virginia are you?
I'm in new york city. Okay. Yeah.
Mhm. Yeah, it's been interesting recently with going on with coronavirus, but things are looking up.
And
Yeah. Yeah. Well, not so much anymore. It's been super quiet. Um I went back to Virginia for a little while and spend some time with my family there. Um During all this yeah because I've been working remote throughout this time so I have the flexibility and it felt safer to be in in Virginia where there's a little more space because I got a small *** apartment here. Yeah.
It is now. Yeah it is now it's because our numbers are really good but everyone walks around with masks outside. I think that helps a lot.
Good.
Um I run a research lab in Manhattan.
Um We're still we're still doing data collection. It's all online. It's all through an electronic data system. Yeah. Yeah
and
I well yeah I mean like that's what I do for work but I also like have just in my free time like during quarantine just because I like there's it feels like there's not much to do. I've just been like participating in all these like random studies. Yeah.
Um So I've
I've
had some fun doing it. I did this one research study that was um uh like a job crafting study.
Um It paid $100 amazon gift card. Um which was pretty was pretty good. Some of them can be pretty lucrative. Um And some of them not so much, but it's I don't know, it's something to do with something to keep you busy.
No, I'm working full time still.
Yeah. Yeah. The job has been nice for sure to be able to keep doing that. Um I'm definitely enjoying like having that kind of a little more structure even with work. I feel like the day is kind of like blur together at this point.
Um What have you been up to? Yeah. Huh.
I got
you
know.
Do you do you read it
because I like found out about like a lot of this stuff through beer money suffer. Do you know what I'm talking about?
I mean it's not like it's like if you want to like look into doing this kind of stuff on the side, I feel like it's pretty like it's one of the things that you come across. But yeah, I mean there's like some good information on their on like different like unpaid stuff you can do?
On
our side.
Yeah, for sure. I mean it sounds like some people do really well. Yeah.
What's that other app? I just downloaded? This other app that I haven't really like spend too much time on. I think it's called um disk out. Do you know what I'm talking about? I don't know how you say it or not.
The Scout. Yeah. Um Have you ever had any luck on that? Yeah,
no
problem.
Yeah that's the thing. It takes so much time I feel like to get to actually, but the payout seem really large. Yeah.
Right.
Good.
Was. Uh huh.
With
Um What's been your favorite so far?
so that that's like I've definitely seen that you like can you like record a video of yourself? Like kind of evaluating like a website?
Oh wow. Okay. Yeah that is really good.
Yeah, I can check that out. I mean it's nice to have just like a little bit extra cash here and there.
Mhm. Yeah it is it is less expenses now because there's not much nightlife or like going out. That's happening like I'm saying I'm saying yeah I'm saying it that time. Um But I just got an apartment with my girlfriend actually just went through a move. Um
Yeah it's something to do it like keeps you but we just like moved into this new apartment and we've been like just like living out of boxes for the past couple of days. Yeah.
Um That's all right. I mean I think I think it's like it could be worse. We're having we're trying to have fun with it. Um
It wasn't that bad. I yeah it wasn't that bad. I mean we did it all ourselves, we rented a U. Haul. We packed everything ourselves. I mean I was we were only moving uh well I was only moving like 30 minutes away from my old apartment so what are Yeah.
Say that. Um Do you get outside much now or
well?
No
are.
Yeah, for sure. Do you have a you have a car?
Well so you can get around then like it's a little it's a little rough here because um like you can't you can't really take public transportation, it's pretty dangerous. I mean dangerous. I don't know, but like it's not it's not the best idea if you're trying to, you know, not not that sex so.
I
don't have a car, I don't have a car because it's it's too expensive in the city to have a car. Even just getting insurance in new york city, it's like it's the you pay like a premium of like $500 a year basically. Just as it's just because I think, I think like from a liability standpoint it's
just
like a lot you're a lot more likely to get in an accident around here. Yeah.
it is it is theirs
yeah everything is right within like distance um Walking distance. But yeah I mean it's still like all the things that like kind of made being in a city really kind of nice have sort of went away at this point uh
Because you're just you're kind of stock so it was really nice for me to get out and go to Virginia for a little bit my family and they have some lands there
so um it was just nice to kind of like spread out a little bit and be in a house rather than like a tiny apartment. Um So yeah I really enjoyed and my parents just got a new puppy. Yeah. Oh
I have a park nearby. Yeah
so I'm able I'm able to like go walk to the park and hang out there. Um
It can be, can be, but
I've been all right. I mean, I'm like, I have my girlfriend, so we're together. Like I'm not
like
not, yeah, not just being like alone. If I was just alone during this time, I would go crazy. I wouldn't be able to do that first. No way.
works for
me. Yes. We're both remote. Yeah.
Yeah. It's nice. It's
now
now we've thought about it, especially during Covid, but it doesn't seem like it's going to happen. It's so it's again, it's super expensive to get a dog, especially also here, like, and then I'm like, well what happens when we go back to work and like then how am I going to pay for? Like, am I going to get a dog walker that's really expensive because you yard to just let your dog go out and they're stuck in this tiny apartment. So all sorts of like things that you have to overcome when you're in in New york city living in the city. But it could be worse. I don't know.
Someday. For sure, someday. Absolutely.
Like I would like to, I mean I'm not from New york city. I um I lived most of my life in the Northeast and then like in Virginia for a little while um and I ended up here because I went to grad school here and I just ended up saying afterwards because it was like an easy progression. Like my probe my grad program like set me up for positions just like in the area because it's, the school is like networked with like the city so it was easier to get a job right away here and then I just have never left. Um So yeah, but we'll see what happens. I mean I thought I was going to maybe move out of the city during this time but I've ended up just signing a new a new one year lease so I'm not gonna be I'm not going to be leaving any time soon. Yeah.
Yeah. She's lived here forever.
Yeah, I don't think, I don't know if she necessarily could see going anywhere else. I think she kind of really likes it here. Mhm.
Some people do. Mhm.
Do you have any parts? Mhm.
Uh
I had this cat um when I was growing up, her name was kitty lulu. Uh
I don't know we were kids but she was a terrible pet. She was so violent. Like yeah, she used to like like it was the kind of thing where like she just be like very calm and you'd be like petting her and then all of a sudden it was just like there being like a freak out and she would just like scratch you and like go crazy
dead animals all the time into the house that she'd killed. Um Eventually we had to give up kitty lulu because we just like couldn't get her under control and we brought her to my grandparents farm um and we just let her go there. Um She ended up having a bunch of kittens which was very cute.
And she she fared a lot better I think like living in the farm and like killing little mice and rats and stuff and like doing her own thing. It wasn't meant for the indoors. That
was the only cat I ever owned.
I don't know. I mean it was a little like I was a kid like yeah it was a little drawing but yeah I think it's over it's over time we kind of became like more dog people. Mhm.
Do you like your tab?
it can be true. Well do you have one of those little things that you like wave around? Well
that's
Okay. Yeah that's that's awesome. Um What was your guinea pigs name?
that's all.
Yeah. Yeah I I had a pet mice for a little while. It was interesting.
They were they really I don't know what you're like. Gerbil ate for like little treats or whatever if you fed your job
lined
up
here. Okay. Okay. The mice that I had were like obsessed with almonds. Like little almonds. Um But I think I fed them too much because one of them one of them got like seriously obese and died like really? Really? It was sad. What? Yeah.
Um
I love you.
Why?
So he
overheated.
That's terrible because you feel kind of like it's like responsible.
that's really uh they didn't
do their research.
Yeah. Well maybe you should get another one.
So they have temperaments. I go
No not yet.
that
sounds
Well the two years must help.
The two acres you said you have to Right.
Oh just like I'm sorry. Yeah you said he was only one years old I guess. He's not moving around too much.
I don't know. I'm like I'm like really bad with like ages of kids and I don't want like that. Yeah, I have no clue.
So
even though I in college I actually t aid a developmental psychology course, but I still don't remember any of that stuff.
What?
No. What
what
know
what
you know what is uh
or
with
no.
Uh Yeah, I don't think I don't think we've no I don't I haven't heard of that.
I guess maybe they didn't come to northern Virginia, maybe it's
in
the southern part, I don't know,
but
you can't do anything about them. Yeah.
Did you get did you get one of the balls?
Something
to
app. Right, That is so ridiculous. Okay.
Has it been hot there this summer?
Yeah, it gets
it.
Have
you
got you got rain?
I'm
Yeah, I don't know, we I mean yeah the rainy nights here are really nice actually though because it's very humid in in New york city like you get yeah, I mean it's like really like kind of sweaty outside. Um So
Uh huh. It's been it's been like it's been okay. Um It was it was pretty funny in my last apartment. Um I was so stubborn and also I was trying to save money so I didn't I didn't buy a window air conditioning unit. I had no air conditioning for most for most of the summer in my apartment. I lived off of to fans.
Yeah, it was a little hot, it was a little hot. Um I just put this one fan like right in the window. sometimes I would turn it in to blow the air in if it was kind of cool outside. Sometimes I turn it the other way to take the hot, try to take the hot air out. Um and then I had just had a ceiling fan in my bedroom and one other fan that like would like oscillate but that was it. I was I got really hard, I moved my entire one bedroom apartment with zero air conditioning. Mhm. No,
I do I do have a c in my new place.
Yeah. Yeah, I was like super glad to get out of my old apartment because it was like a terrible living situation. I had this crazy ass landlord who was like would like seriously like harass all of the tenants he lived on the first floor, He actually lived below me, okay, so like there was no privacy. Like he would, he would just like come up to my front door and knock on it just any time of the day that he thought was like, he needed to talk to me about something like that's that it was such an invasion of privacy. Uh huh. And the guy was nuts. Like he was really like, he thought he was some sort of like, what do you call that? Is it like man, like not vigilante, Is that like, I don't know, he like thought that he was like, like the neighborhood watch or something like he would know seriously. Like he occupied his time by walking around the neighborhood and like calling up like the authorities on different people doing different things that he thought was like not good. So it's like crazy camera system on our apartment building and like he said it was all for safety and whatever but um he would like say really weird things to me about like stuff that he there's no way he was there, I never saw him, I don't know how he knew other than that like the video cameras but like for example when I was first moving into the building um my parents came to help me and like move some of my stuff in and I saw my landlord like a few days after that and he asked me, he was like so who was that, who is that blonde woman that was with you? I never saw him, he was so he was sitting in his apartment like watching me on his cameras and like taking note of the different things that like we're going on and I was just so creeped out about it, like it felt like such an invasion of privacy. Um and this like went on for forever with him and I had that like different conversations with him about it. Um I thought that he, I could never necessarily like prove that he like was watching me on the video cameras or whatever, but I had a lot of suspicions, so catch this though right before I'm about to move out. I like check in with him because I have to like ask him to help me out with like opening up like all of the doors for the building so I can move all my big furniture down so I had to check in with him and when I was checking in with him, he actually invited me into his apartment and when I went into his apartment I saw in his first of all, he was like a hoarder, have you ever seen like the show hoarders? It was like so there was stuff like piled up in every corner of every room, like just garbage and stuff he'd found on the street and but in the living room there was a 60 inch flat screen b and his wife was sitting on the couch and she was staring directly at this screen that had six different viewpoints of the street of cameras he had set up and at one point at one point while I'm having a conversation with my landlord, his wife like interrupts and she's just like, oh I see your girlfriends outside there, she's waiting for you. Mm It's so creepy. So creative. So I'm super happy about being done with with that whole situation. Um It was just like it was so uncomfortable. Like I'm a really nice guy and I like I don't want to like start anything and I'm not like the kind of person that's going to get into like like arguments and stuff. But he would always try to like fight with me and I just like ask him to like please, like I really don't want to argue with you. Like can we just figure something out? But he was just bad news so I'm so happy. I'm so happy that that's behind me at this point.
Uh huh. Oh yeah. Yeah. Wasn't inside as far as I know.
Yeah.
What? Mhm. That was I mean that's my life. That's something that happens. Uh huh. Um How long have we been on this thing for?
Well,
that's
You too. Um Good luck with everything.
Thank