SPEAKER_L: Okay. No oh thanks. Yeah mm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Hey how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Good, how are you? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: this is a new experience for me so if you've done these before you can sort of walk me through it.
SPEAKER_R: No but I've never done it before. I think we're just supposed to talk.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah exactly there's no directive. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Betty Shelby.
SPEAKER_L: I'm gary.
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: Okay um so where are you from?
SPEAKER_R: I live in Seattle right now. Yeah. Where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: Uh near Lexington Kentucky.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Well that's by the way is different. Yeah. Ah
SPEAKER_L: were you affected by any of the fires?
SPEAKER_R: Well sort of my town, my parents looked on the other side of our state um The town almost completely with the exception of their house and like I think six or seven other houses burned down. Um Which is pretty crazy.
SPEAKER_L: you look devastating.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it was I mean there was something like about a week here that it was there was no sign at all was just black every day.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I was in uh san Francisco earlier this year and several of the places that I visited uh they're they're completely decimated and so it was even though it didn't affect me personally I felt kind of it did because some of the places that I visited were effective, so and just being on the news places where I parked buildings I went into you know completely gone really, I've never been that close to an event like that before so it was it was uh I just hope it doesn't happen again. You know I hope that I don't know how you can manage the forest better than they are but you know you you would hope there would be something that can be done to help at least reduce the effect of um uncontained forest fires like that so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah I know. Even when my parents live in it's all farm country, it wasn't a forest fire actually burn through there was just you know that virus started. I'm not sure how that one started. It's pretty crazy. But yeah but that is weird like when you see somewhere that like um like my wife's from new york and uh she was actually down the day before 9 11, down in the city getting her passport and she was supposed to fly out actually the day after 9 11 and it got delayed. But yeah, it's weird like when you, when you're somewhere and then you see it it's destroyed or there's something
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It makes it very personal.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, yeah, it's interesting how much like how impersonal things you get with, like especially when everything is, you know, we see so much the whole world, you see everything that's going on with it all the time, but these are just kind of get desensitized or uh yes, not connect with it, but it's weird when things get home that they area with his home, just how much more of an impact it has.
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. No. Um what do you do for a living?
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm in the in kind of limbo between law school and taking the bar um that was supposed to take the bar last year, but because of that I'm taking out in Connecticut and because of the pandemic,
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: we didn't even know like it was scheduled book, start off what they just moved, it was bouncing around what day it would even be for a while and uh then we worked there would even go to Connecticut because they had the two week uh quarantine
SPEAKER_L: Great.
SPEAKER_R: and it's like oh great, um it's like so I just pushed it back basically a year or so um next time our stuff but just kind of a weird year that like I guess it's been a weird year for everybody.
SPEAKER_L: Okay That's true. 2020 will be over soon though hopefully. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Have you been impacted by the pandemic? Pretty there in Kentucky band or?
SPEAKER_L: Uh No the work that I do, I've been uh deemed essential, so I've been working normally um I work for an aerospace company and we work in a clean room and clean room environment and we have government contracts that have to be delivered on time so we were deemed essential. And to the way we work is it's not possible for us to transmit the virus from person to person while we're in because we're all in environmental suits and you know, it's it's uh, it's a safer environment than going to Kroger's or walmart or going shopping. So
SPEAKER_R: makes total sense to me, you're already and then basically contamination for his own, so
SPEAKER_L: and two, they have initiated each monday morning, everyone is giving a rapid result Krone test. So,
SPEAKER_R: others
SPEAKER_L: so far there's only been two people that they prevented from working because if you have a positive on that, then they give you the traditional uh, coronavirus test. And
SPEAKER_R: have the way that,
SPEAKER_L: uh, but you still have to take the at least a week off until they get that result. Um, but yeah, it's they've been trying to be very proactive about making sure that uh, the employees are well taken care of and no one passes that asymptomatic passes it on to someone else, so
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome. That's
SPEAKER_L: Well they it's if the company is very well funded, they and they are in the process of creating these devices anyway, these testing devices, it's easy for them to just take one off the line, put it in the lobby and say everybody gets tested, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well that's, yeah, that makes sense. So,
SPEAKER_L: so what do you do for hobbies?
SPEAKER_R: um, I play video games. Um, some, uh, I don't have to means weird click through the news constantly. It seems like, um, and uh, this is like doing prolific and stuff. I found like that where they basically pay you to play video games on your phone for a little point. So I play a lot of those two. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and then
SPEAKER_R: To a break.
SPEAKER_L: for somebody
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: who likes gaming, that would be the ideal situation.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's been pretty nice and it was pretty, I was very skeptical and the first time and then I was like, oh no, no, that would be like, well
SPEAKER_L: Nobel
SPEAKER_R: let's see if I can actually get out and it's like, okay, well went into my Paypal account. So
SPEAKER_L: well see I have a nephew who's a gamer and I didn't realize that people, they have these contests each year and people win huge amounts
SPEAKER_R: people,
SPEAKER_L: of money, the ones that win. So it's I know they have the poker tournament tournaments each year but I didn't know they had gaming tournaments each year to where you can win, I mean hundreds of thousands
SPEAKER_R: just,
SPEAKER_L: or millions of dollars. That's
SPEAKER_R: they've actually got whole leagues of people that play like where they put their teams now and some of these things and it's pretty crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Well I watch
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: quite a bit on Youtube. Well not occasionally uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: some people say I watch too much but um their top 10 earner's. How about tomorrow playing halo? It's just people watching them play halo.
SPEAKER_R: I know. Isn't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: didn't
SPEAKER_R: interesting?
SPEAKER_L: know people did that because that's not something I ever watched. So I didn't know so popular.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, they have whole uh like streaming channels just to go watch people play different games and stuff
SPEAKER_L: come
SPEAKER_R: and you
SPEAKER_L: in
SPEAKER_R: have, people may turn into whole career is now like
SPEAKER_L: to me. It would be if I wanted to play maybe pick up tips on what to do. That would be good. But other than that to me it would be boring just watch somebody else play a game. I would want to be the one playing the game.
SPEAKER_R: that's kind of how I feel. That's why yeah, I don't I don't really watch a lot of those things that I had a friend that really watch and he would watch it to her tips, but also he actually went well try to, they ended up not having the, I think that he was gonna go to one of their Overwatch. It is and um they have live events that he was going to go to.
SPEAKER_L: Well see I didn't even realize that until recently that they did that
SPEAKER_R: It has an
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: addiction.
SPEAKER_L: it's just I've never been into gaming so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: make sense to me, I heard about actually um uh like people going to stadiums and it's been going on for a couple of decades now. It seems like in South Korea. Um And I always remember thinking like that was the coolest thing just goes and now it's just expanded the whole world.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah the the I think Hong kong south Korea Singapore, they get really really competitive for for those things.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah but you know I mean we do the same thing here, we just do it for baseball and football and you know different sports and switch.
SPEAKER_L: they have yeah they they're more I think they're a little bit more advanced technically than americans generally because a lot of that stuff is developed there and they have people protested and people talk about you know how great something is it becomes more part of the culture quicker than it is here. That QR codes is showing somebody that in uh Singapore they pay for almost everything with QR codes. They just scan the QR code with their phone and that's how they transfer money, they don't really you know tap to pay or you know like we do here they do QR codes it's common especially vending machines, they don't put money in the vending machines. They or the credit card, they just scan the QR code and pay for it that way.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's interesting where the United States is quite a ways behind like a lot of places in europe and stuff too on that like where you can just load up your car, walk out and I'll charge you and like all that for um
SPEAKER_L: it's I think we are less trusting here of the technology that has to do with our money. It's and they're they're it's like uh the uh not Bitcoin but they have virtual currencies that are really common there and people have uh really accepted them here. It's not really called on. I don't know anyone who's actually gone online and purchase something using a Bitcoin. Bitcoin. People invest in but they don't actually use to spend.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah there's not really many people I have seen this funny, I started seeing like on craigslist, they have things like this, ad accepts Cryptocurrency and there's a couple of little stores around here a little bit coin which I thought was interesting. But I
SPEAKER_L: Let's 7 11. They will accept Bitcoin now.
SPEAKER_R: Oh well that's, wow. That's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: And I don't know who would go to 7-11 spend Bitcoin you know it's just
SPEAKER_R: I don't know of anybody. That's I guess
SPEAKER_L: so.
SPEAKER_R: maybe if you bought a bunch of it and it's in the tank or something like yeah. I don't know how the currencies are doing right now. I don't seem like a big shot up there for a while and then it just kind of like
SPEAKER_L: Well uh one of my nieces did tell me yesterday that was over $1,200 per coin. Yeah last
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: time I looked at it was like 375 so it must have exploded.
SPEAKER_R: okay. I think the last time I've paid any attention. That's the funny thing is like that my news interest has totally changed this last year. Uh But I find myself reading the technology sector less and really more the health and medical section. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Well we talked for 10 minutes we're supposed to talk 25, we're gonna run out of things to talk about.
SPEAKER_R: do you have any kids or anything or
SPEAKER_L: Uh No, no,
SPEAKER_R: no?
SPEAKER_L: no, never. I've never been married, no kids. Um Have I've been told I'm too picky
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: or being concentrated on the career? Um Well it's I mean everyone wants what they want to, you know wants what they want and so it that care Kentucky. Well, I've lived here in texas uh New Jersey, you know, not just here but um it's like drugs, I don't want to have anything to do with anyone who and drugs here are very common. Even people who don't use drugs, they socially use drugs.
SPEAKER_R: It's we just watched there was some uh pretty sure it was a homeless guy just going down the alleyway here and it was just attacking cars. Um Yeah, it's a really bad problems. Drugs here in Seattle.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, do you have a truck problem there with homeless people, you know very much?
SPEAKER_R: We have a huge drug problem and homeless problem and state doesn't, the state's not really good at providing mental health care. Um And so there's a huge like, like a huge list mentally ill and drug population that, I mean there's
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: tents just
SPEAKER_L: anyway.
SPEAKER_R: all over the city and literally like our streets, they're just literally like in downtown Seattle. The sidewalks are covered in tents.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well see that's one of the things I noticed um last year I was and I spent about a month and a half in Oakland and they have complete tent cities underneath the highway bridges and uh one on one of the radio shows that was listening to somebody would call it in that they had given money to the organizations that set up showers. They actually have portable showers. They set up there about twice as big as a port a potty and it's a shower. They
SPEAKER_R: and strict.
SPEAKER_L: were complaining that the um organization didn't provide hot water. They provided water, you know, for a certain minute, they number of minutes per shower, but no hot water. And they were complaining that you know we gave you this money, why don't you also provide them with hot water? You know the free shower is, you know, if they don't want to go to a shelter, you know, they don't have any other choices. You know, at least they are trying to provide services
SPEAKER_R: No, that's good
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: job. It seems like it's never enough for some people and then the other problem and some people don't want to do anything and just don't want to see it. Like
SPEAKER_L: I am,
SPEAKER_R: um they will say that seems to think, I mean, I've learned to stay out of my whole life or death for when I um like 10 years old on the other side of the state and uh I didn't just kind of watch like they basically gentrify the whole area and to be kind of moved through section after section like pushed out people who couldn't afford the rent in Seattle is hussain um our apartment I think is uh Like 2100 a month for a two bedroom. Which is um it's funny because like Connecticut because I started taking the bar and that's planning to move to and uh The rent there for like a two bedroom is like around 1000, it's just it's half the price.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's, I know people who move from Los Angeles to Austin and they simply something because uh rents or home values in Austin was so much less cheaper than it was in uh san Diego and taxes also California taxes, our personal taxes are quite high. Uh so yeah, but it's like I know some people that work in um san Jose You know they make $400,000 a year and there considered entry level, so they work, one works for Paypal, one works for google and uh yeah they couldn't make that much working in Austin or uh I think Hartford Connecticut is the other place that they had the option to work in, they would make, not even close to that, but that the cost of living would be less. I mean from what I saw in California, the groceries, restaurants, they're not very much more expensive than other places. It's just the rents and home values are what so expensive.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and it's something Seattle like um the cost, the cost of living didn't really keep up with the wages the wage deserve for, and there's a lot of people to do all the tech industry but like the entry level for like legal people is. Yes, I think it's like about 75,000, which is like one of the lowest places in the country. Um which is rather interesting considering that you know, everything else is and um yeah I guess I don't know how much like groceries and gas costs and gas is usually a little cheaper on the other side of the state where the cost of living is a lot cheaper. Um But yeah it's just kind of the area around Seattle's just keeps having people moving. Although I think some of that might have changed with the pandemic. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How much is fuel there now for? Just like regular gas?
SPEAKER_R: Um I think like to start with like 3:12.
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: Um But that's I'm probably about a month or so. Yes. Um.
SPEAKER_L: it just came down quite a bit because of the uh crew process have came down when they started shutting europe back down. The government started shutting the movement uh down a few weeks ago it really impacted the crude prices I don't guess here it went from like 2 20 that's like a dollar 75 for, but that's that's normal here, you know it's gas here is always less expensive than especially California. And I was at last summer um I sent the photo of a fuel pump to my sister, she was here in Kentucky and uh it was 3 80 a gallon. I said I'm glad that my company is paying the bill instead of me. So because that was when fuel here was like a dollar 70 It was feel like 3 80 there. So but the taxes and especially, I don't know about Washington state of California. The fuel taxes are a lot more, but they needed to help pay for the roads.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah the Washington is pretty much like a kind of a imitate a lot of things California does um Just but not frequently, not efficiently. Um But uh
SPEAKER_L: I don't know uh some people in California to argue that they're not efficient either and use the money.
SPEAKER_R: they're definitely not here. Uh I mean but the the government here is actually really bad. Um It was a year ago I think like last winter there was a town up north that got snowed in basically they were completely cut off and neighboring town got started making like runs of like groceries and supplies up to the town and what uh government's response was to go below the helicopters and below the snow off old growth trees so they didn't break and it's like and that's kind of, I don't know if you ever saw James that the governor when he was running for president, but his whole platform was basically environment is like yeah you care about every tree here but you don't care about any of the people here. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How did the, I don't want to get to talking about political stuff unless you want to,
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: but how
SPEAKER_R: here
SPEAKER_L: did it go? Their house people reacted to the outcome or the what we think is the outcome is?
SPEAKER_R: people people but here have been like a little better than we were concerned. You know what the other way that people here would be protesting and were protesting up until like that. But that's the thing, it's like how about there?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So far everything's been com which I'm surprised about because Kentucky is a very conservative bible state and uh that's what I'm telling somebody. My vote counted far less then the vote of somebody in Wisconsin or florida or Georgia or one of the swing states, because uh I only have one vote that I can cast for and the democrat, I can't, You know, and it's not gonna really matter because Trump is going to carry the state probably about 20 points we have. And what makes it worse is we have a Democratic governor
SPEAKER_R: at
SPEAKER_L: who is
SPEAKER_R: once
SPEAKER_L: doing an excellent job.
SPEAKER_R: find a space like that odd where they have like because everything is true in the world here and why
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: she would just like,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, Kentucky's island that there are more democrats registered here than republicans. Yes. Uh well, traditionally the Democratic Party has been more for lower income role and but over the past 15 years or so it switched, republicans are seen as being more for the lower income at least since trump especially with trump. Um But when Reagan was president, the republicans are seen as the party of the rich you know because he had this big that was the image that they portrayed
SPEAKER_R: yeah and that was their
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: their economics went that way, the whole trickle down economics which he has.
SPEAKER_L: um benefited more of the wealthy people and uh middle income people but not the lower income people now it's trump's policies don't benefit the lower income people either. But he can tell them that. It does, they will believe him.
SPEAKER_R: That's the thing is yeah, they tell it, that's what I've been amazed by with policies that if you just tell people things that they want to hear, they seem to believe it, you
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: know, against all rational like
SPEAKER_L: I got, someone got very mad at me once because I told them that trump read Hitler's book. Hitler his main thing was you tell a small lie. People are probably not going to believe it. You tell a big line, you tell it over and over and over again, you repeat the same thing even though it's completely a lie, they're gonna start believing you because you said they've heard it so many times, they're gonna think it's the truth and that's what trump did, that's what
SPEAKER_R: totally.
SPEAKER_L: he does. Uh So but they got mad at me for comparing trump to Hitler. Is that what it's he started out, everybody wanted him to do a good job, just like Hitler in Germany and then it turned, you know, he became evil.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah because I mean just. Yeah that's the interesting thing is like my wife, we're really curious to see what will happen with the whole cumin on movement because like well it just disappear or will they just find somebody new to because you know she did a lot of research into it and it seems to be just a couple of guys that are set up
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: I would hope that they would kind of who was doing it and uh expose them for some little 13 year old kids in their mom's bedroom or
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: the mom's
SPEAKER_R: actually
SPEAKER_L: basement doing
SPEAKER_R: sounds like
SPEAKER_L: this,
SPEAKER_R: you said
SPEAKER_L: you know?
SPEAKER_R: a couple of people in their twenties that are in uh I'm not good in geography but like kind of somewhere in like southern europe, Middle eastern area. Somewhere there there's a couple
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: of guys that set up and the first thing they set up was a demo account for it before they ever set up any of the cute stuff. And so it will be interesting to see if they just switched over to somebody else to try to you know start siphoning money off people. It's amazing how much stuff people do for money. Like it's it's been really
SPEAKER_L: Exactly.
SPEAKER_R: where does your,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What to extend on that? It's amazing to me how much people from, because I know some people to live in Slovenia, they are very aware of the differences here in the United States, of the different groups. And they are very aware of, you know, if you just say this, this, this and this, these people, they're going to turn on this other group there because that's what the Soviets did to them in the different countries. The Soviets turned the south Soviets maintained power as they had each ethnic group fighting among themselves. So they would invite the Soviets. So, and they're saying they're aware of the different groups here, the different religious groups, different economic groups, um and they talk about, you know, how best to take advantage of those. So it's just amazing to me that people from, especially eastern europe really understand this and this, thats part of their mentality is you know, how to take advantage of weak minded people because
SPEAKER_R: Doesn't,
SPEAKER_L: that's what happened to them for decades when they were part of the soviet union. So it's just interesting to me that you said that there's you know, a couple of kids from uh eastern europe somewhere because I could see that they would be the one that would do it.
SPEAKER_R: no that's it. Yeah. That's really interesting. I mean it's I mean it's it's really sad thing that people seem to be human nature of that whole thing of the you know like well I was treated this way so it's fair to treat other people like that. Which is just I mean I don't know um that seems like it's going to lead to the downfall of society. You know everyone's because how does not end up being when everybody is just trying to get everything that they can from everybody else. And basically it becomes savage just with this veil of you know civility that we pretend to have their it just doesn't seem like that's very well set up for a long term society, like.
SPEAKER_L: There you cards open, that's exactly how the actors used car salesmen. They present a product that is on the surface good, but then all they're trying to do is take all your money away from you that they can so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's basically the whole society of used car salesman. I mean, it's it's interesting how it's, you know, right, the basic, you know, how, like the country was established to try to keep from all piling on and like it had, you know, like a lot of the things they set up where to keep off from um like, and it's funny how they've been tipped away and that's what I thought was most interesting about law school wasn't like the laws that were set up, but how laws were established one way and then they've been chipped away at by special interests. I mean, like um Disney has they just keep raising the copyright right? Every time that Mickey Mouse is up to expire 50 basis just walks into court, like, extended for another um so long, but it was originally supposed to be, you know, basically the life of the person who created or the creator. Um and so it's, yeah, I guess,
SPEAKER_L: How long can they maintain copyrights like that? I know I know a little bit about the patents, how long patents will ask, but what about copyrights?
SPEAKER_R: um you know, I don't know what the current, I feel like now it's like the creator and 100 and 25 years or something. That's the funny thing is they keep just extending a little further and every time it keeps being Disney that goes in over mickey mouse, which I totally understand. They don't want mickey mouse ended up on a porn site, you know, or something
SPEAKER_L: correct.
SPEAKER_R: like that, or, you know, like I get where I'm coming from on that, but it's it's and it just kind of chips away at the whole thing. Words, you know, uh it kind of separates to the fact of it. Um whether it's for the creator is supposed to be, you know, be it was intended to be able to support artists. So there'd be a reason to create art. You know, you have to have something to protect
SPEAKER_L: Sheriff.
SPEAKER_R: your heart, so you didn't show your publisher and I know I have this, you know, publish it. Um, but uh, but it's just kind of been chipped away at over the years, every time, you know, there's a lot of special special interest things like that have occurred, where it's just like, things were set up one way, but then other people, people with money have a different interests and so and the courts continually side with them, which is interesting.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's um I mean if I did something like that, wrote a book or created a character, I would want it to be protected at least through my lifetime. And if I could if I could uh inherit it to someone else or if that's the correct word, uh you know that I would want that too.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, and that makes sense. The problem is, it's funny how, like, now, now, you know, like artists don't actually end up owning the stuff that they do, it is being bought by a company and then it goes it forever. And so it's yeah, so a lot of times they were the artists, like families never see assent to the money because um it was funny, I actually met this one writer and he's written a book that was purchased by Disney when they were just purchasing a bunch of mass stuff. And he said that they called him uh several years later and we're like, no, we're really having trouble figuring out how to put this into a screenplay. It's like, that's funny. I have no problem figuring how to spend your money. And he had no interest in seeing Disney to it either. But he was like, I was broke $10,000. Seems like a lot of money at that time. Mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Um
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So uh that happens a lot in the music business to people will write music and put it out as um just stuck. And people, somebody will take that and make a more full left song with it, but they're a little bit is pivotal to the way the song sounds. But since they started a stock, they may not have any claim on the any money that was earned by the full song. So there's but it's like Michael Jackson, he bought the Beatles album. So somebody bought Prince's early work from Warner Brothers. And Yeah, you need to have good attorneys, but when you get first, when you get started, you don't know that. You know, you don't know how you're going to be successful and somebody offers a $10,000 or something that you really don't think is that valuable? You're certainly going to sell it.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. Like, well, that's the thing is like you ever become successful if you turned down every offer that you know, that was that wasn't the castile that it was should have been
SPEAKER_L: Um, So, well, we've reached the 25 minutes. We're actually gone a minute or two over, so,
SPEAKER_R: All right, good for us.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Well, it's been a pleasure talking with
SPEAKER_R: meeting
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: you like.