Hello?
Good, how are you? Mhm.
No but I've never done it before. I think we're just supposed to talk.
Betty Shelby.
Nice to meet you.
I live in Seattle right now. Yeah. Where are you from?
Okay. Well that's by the way is different. Yeah. Ah
Well sort of my town, my parents looked on the other side of our state um The town almost completely with the exception of their house and like I think six or seven other houses burned down. Um Which is pretty crazy.
Yeah it was I mean there was something like about a week here that it was there was no sign at all was just black every day.
Yeah. Yeah I know. Even when my parents live in it's all farm country, it wasn't a forest fire actually burn through there was just you know that virus started. I'm not sure how that one started. It's pretty crazy. But yeah but that is weird like when you see somewhere that like um like my wife's from new york and uh she was actually down the day before 9 11, down in the city getting her passport and she was supposed to fly out actually the day after 9 11 and it got delayed. But yeah, it's weird like when you, when you're somewhere and then you see it it's destroyed or there's something
yeah, yeah, it's interesting how much like how impersonal things you get with, like especially when everything is, you know, we see so much the whole world, you see everything that's going on with it all the time, but these are just kind of get desensitized or uh yes, not connect with it, but it's weird when things get home that they area with his home, just how much more of an impact it has.
Um I'm in the in kind of limbo between law school and taking the bar um that was supposed to take the bar last year, but because of that I'm taking out in Connecticut and because of the pandemic,
we didn't even know like it was scheduled book, start off what they just moved, it was bouncing around what day it would even be for a while and uh then we worked there would even go to Connecticut because they had the two week uh quarantine
and it's like oh great, um it's like so I just pushed it back basically a year or so um next time our stuff but just kind of a weird year that like I guess it's been a weird year for everybody.
Have you been impacted by the pandemic? Pretty there in Kentucky band or?
makes total sense to me, you're already and then basically contamination for his own, so
others
have the way that,
that's awesome. That's
Yeah. Well that's, yeah, that makes sense. So,
um, I play video games. Um, some, uh, I don't have to means weird click through the news constantly. It seems like, um, and uh, this is like doing prolific and stuff. I found like that where they basically pay you to play video games on your phone for a little point. So I play a lot of those two. Yeah.
To a break.
What?
Yeah, it's been pretty nice and it was pretty, I was very skeptical and the first time and then I was like, oh no, no, that would be like, well
let's see if I can actually get out and it's like, okay, well went into my Paypal account. So
people,
just,
they've actually got whole leagues of people that play like where they put their teams now and some of these things and it's pretty crazy.
The
Yeah.
I know. Isn't
that
interesting?
Yeah, they have whole uh like streaming channels just to go watch people play different games and stuff
and you
have, people may turn into whole career is now like
that's kind of how I feel. That's why yeah, I don't I don't really watch a lot of those things that I had a friend that really watch and he would watch it to her tips, but also he actually went well try to, they ended up not having the, I think that he was gonna go to one of their Overwatch. It is and um they have live events that he was going to go to.
It has an
addiction.
make sense to me, I heard about actually um uh like people going to stadiums and it's been going on for a couple of decades now. It seems like in South Korea. Um And I always remember thinking like that was the coolest thing just goes and now it's just expanded the whole world.
Yeah but you know I mean we do the same thing here, we just do it for baseball and football and you know different sports and switch.
Well that's interesting where the United States is quite a ways behind like a lot of places in europe and stuff too on that like where you can just load up your car, walk out and I'll charge you and like all that for um
Yeah there's not really many people I have seen this funny, I started seeing like on craigslist, they have things like this, ad accepts Cryptocurrency and there's a couple of little stores around here a little bit coin which I thought was interesting. But I
Oh well that's, wow. That's crazy.
I don't know of anybody. That's I guess
maybe if you bought a bunch of it and it's in the tank or something like yeah. I don't know how the currencies are doing right now. I don't seem like a big shot up there for a while and then it just kind of like
Oh
okay. I think the last time I've paid any attention. That's the funny thing is like that my news interest has totally changed this last year. Uh But I find myself reading the technology sector less and really more the health and medical section. Yes.
do you have any kids or anything or
no?
All
It's we just watched there was some uh pretty sure it was a homeless guy just going down the alleyway here and it was just attacking cars. Um Yeah, it's a really bad problems. Drugs here in Seattle.
We have a huge drug problem and homeless problem and state doesn't, the state's not really good at providing mental health care. Um And so there's a huge like, like a huge list mentally ill and drug population that, I mean there's
tents just
all over the city and literally like our streets, they're just literally like in downtown Seattle. The sidewalks are covered in tents.
and strict.
No, that's good
job. It seems like it's never enough for some people and then the other problem and some people don't want to do anything and just don't want to see it. Like
um they will say that seems to think, I mean, I've learned to stay out of my whole life or death for when I um like 10 years old on the other side of the state and uh I didn't just kind of watch like they basically gentrify the whole area and to be kind of moved through section after section like pushed out people who couldn't afford the rent in Seattle is hussain um our apartment I think is uh Like 2100 a month for a two bedroom. Which is um it's funny because like Connecticut because I started taking the bar and that's planning to move to and uh The rent there for like a two bedroom is like around 1000, it's just it's half the price.
Yeah and it's something Seattle like um the cost, the cost of living didn't really keep up with the wages the wage deserve for, and there's a lot of people to do all the tech industry but like the entry level for like legal people is. Yes, I think it's like about 75,000, which is like one of the lowest places in the country. Um which is rather interesting considering that you know, everything else is and um yeah I guess I don't know how much like groceries and gas costs and gas is usually a little cheaper on the other side of the state where the cost of living is a lot cheaper. Um But yeah it's just kind of the area around Seattle's just keeps having people moving. Although I think some of that might have changed with the pandemic. Um
Um I think like to start with like 3:12.
Um But that's I'm probably about a month or so. Yes. Um.
Yeah the Washington is pretty much like a kind of a imitate a lot of things California does um Just but not frequently, not efficiently. Um But uh
they're definitely not here. Uh I mean but the the government here is actually really bad. Um It was a year ago I think like last winter there was a town up north that got snowed in basically they were completely cut off and neighboring town got started making like runs of like groceries and supplies up to the town and what uh government's response was to go below the helicopters and below the snow off old growth trees so they didn't break and it's like and that's kind of, I don't know if you ever saw James that the governor when he was running for president, but his whole platform was basically environment is like yeah you care about every tree here but you don't care about any of the people here. Yeah,
wow.
And
here
people people but here have been like a little better than we were concerned. You know what the other way that people here would be protesting and were protesting up until like that. But that's the thing, it's like how about there?
at
once
find a space like that odd where they have like because everything is true in the world here and why
she would just like,
yeah and that was their
their economics went that way, the whole trickle down economics which he has.
That's the thing is yeah, they tell it, that's what I've been amazed by with policies that if you just tell people things that they want to hear, they seem to believe it, you
know, against all rational like
totally.
Yeah because I mean just. Yeah that's the interesting thing is like my wife, we're really curious to see what will happen with the whole cumin on movement because like well it just disappear or will they just find somebody new to because you know she did a lot of research into it and it seems to be just a couple of guys that are set up
like
well
actually
sounds like
you said
a couple of people in their twenties that are in uh I'm not good in geography but like kind of somewhere in like southern europe, Middle eastern area. Somewhere there there's a couple
of guys that set up and the first thing they set up was a demo account for it before they ever set up any of the cute stuff. And so it will be interesting to see if they just switched over to somebody else to try to you know start siphoning money off people. It's amazing how much stuff people do for money. Like it's it's been really
where does your,
Doesn't,
no that's it. Yeah. That's really interesting. I mean it's I mean it's it's really sad thing that people seem to be human nature of that whole thing of the you know like well I was treated this way so it's fair to treat other people like that. Which is just I mean I don't know um that seems like it's going to lead to the downfall of society. You know everyone's because how does not end up being when everybody is just trying to get everything that they can from everybody else. And basically it becomes savage just with this veil of you know civility that we pretend to have their it just doesn't seem like that's very well set up for a long term society, like.
Yeah. It's basically the whole society of used car salesman. I mean, it's it's interesting how it's, you know, right, the basic, you know, how, like the country was established to try to keep from all piling on and like it had, you know, like a lot of the things they set up where to keep off from um like, and it's funny how they've been tipped away and that's what I thought was most interesting about law school wasn't like the laws that were set up, but how laws were established one way and then they've been chipped away at by special interests. I mean, like um Disney has they just keep raising the copyright right? Every time that Mickey Mouse is up to expire 50 basis just walks into court, like, extended for another um so long, but it was originally supposed to be, you know, basically the life of the person who created or the creator. Um and so it's, yeah, I guess,
um you know, I don't know what the current, I feel like now it's like the creator and 100 and 25 years or something. That's the funny thing is they keep just extending a little further and every time it keeps being Disney that goes in over mickey mouse, which I totally understand. They don't want mickey mouse ended up on a porn site, you know, or something
like that, or, you know, like I get where I'm coming from on that, but it's it's and it just kind of chips away at the whole thing. Words, you know, uh it kind of separates to the fact of it. Um whether it's for the creator is supposed to be, you know, be it was intended to be able to support artists. So there'd be a reason to create art. You know, you have to have something to protect
your heart, so you didn't show your publisher and I know I have this, you know, publish it. Um, but uh, but it's just kind of been chipped away at over the years, every time, you know, there's a lot of special special interest things like that have occurred, where it's just like, things were set up one way, but then other people, people with money have a different interests and so and the courts continually side with them, which is interesting.
Yeah, and that makes sense. The problem is, it's funny how, like, now, now, you know, like artists don't actually end up owning the stuff that they do, it is being bought by a company and then it goes it forever. And so it's yeah, so a lot of times they were the artists, like families never see assent to the money because um it was funny, I actually met this one writer and he's written a book that was purchased by Disney when they were just purchasing a bunch of mass stuff. And he said that they called him uh several years later and we're like, no, we're really having trouble figuring out how to put this into a screenplay. It's like, that's funny. I have no problem figuring how to spend your money. And he had no interest in seeing Disney to it either. But he was like, I was broke $10,000. Seems like a lot of money at that time. Mm hmm.
Mhm.
exactly. Like, well, that's the thing is like you ever become successful if you turned down every offer that you know, that was that wasn't the castile that it was should have been
All right, good for us.
meeting
you like.