Okay. No oh thanks. Yeah mm.
Hey how are you?
this is a new experience for me so if you've done these before you can sort of walk me through it.
Yeah exactly there's no directive. Yeah
I'm gary.
Okay um so where are you from?
Uh near Lexington Kentucky.
were you affected by any of the fires?
you look devastating.
Yeah I was in uh san Francisco earlier this year and several of the places that I visited uh they're they're completely decimated and so it was even though it didn't affect me personally I felt kind of it did because some of the places that I visited were effective, so and just being on the news places where I parked buildings I went into you know completely gone really, I've never been that close to an event like that before so it was it was uh I just hope it doesn't happen again. You know I hope that I don't know how you can manage the forest better than they are but you know you you would hope there would be something that can be done to help at least reduce the effect of um uncontained forest fires like that so.
Yeah. It makes it very personal.
Uh huh. No. Um what do you do for a living?
that's
Great.
Okay That's true. 2020 will be over soon though hopefully. Mhm.
Uh No the work that I do, I've been uh deemed essential, so I've been working normally um I work for an aerospace company and we work in a clean room and clean room environment and we have government contracts that have to be delivered on time so we were deemed essential. And to the way we work is it's not possible for us to transmit the virus from person to person while we're in because we're all in environmental suits and you know, it's it's uh, it's a safer environment than going to Kroger's or walmart or going shopping. So
and two, they have initiated each monday morning, everyone is giving a rapid result Krone test. So,
so far there's only been two people that they prevented from working because if you have a positive on that, then they give you the traditional uh, coronavirus test. And
uh, but you still have to take the at least a week off until they get that result. Um, but yeah, it's they've been trying to be very proactive about making sure that uh, the employees are well taken care of and no one passes that asymptomatic passes it on to someone else, so
Well they it's if the company is very well funded, they and they are in the process of creating these devices anyway, these testing devices, it's easy for them to just take one off the line, put it in the lobby and say everybody gets tested, so
so what do you do for hobbies?
and then
for somebody
who likes gaming, that would be the ideal situation.
Nobel
well see I have a nephew who's a gamer and I didn't realize that people, they have these contests each year and people win huge amounts
of money, the ones that win. So it's I know they have the poker tournament tournaments each year but I didn't know they had gaming tournaments each year to where you can win, I mean hundreds of thousands
or millions of dollars. That's
Well I watch
quite a bit on Youtube. Well not occasionally uh
some people say I watch too much but um their top 10 earner's. How about tomorrow playing halo? It's just people watching them play halo.
I
didn't
know people did that because that's not something I ever watched. So I didn't know so popular.
come
in
to me. It would be if I wanted to play maybe pick up tips on what to do. That would be good. But other than that to me it would be boring just watch somebody else play a game. I would want to be the one playing the game.
Well see I didn't even realize that until recently that they did that
so
it's just I've never been into gaming so. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah the the I think Hong kong south Korea Singapore, they get really really competitive for for those things.
they have yeah they they're more I think they're a little bit more advanced technically than americans generally because a lot of that stuff is developed there and they have people protested and people talk about you know how great something is it becomes more part of the culture quicker than it is here. That QR codes is showing somebody that in uh Singapore they pay for almost everything with QR codes. They just scan the QR code with their phone and that's how they transfer money, they don't really you know tap to pay or you know like we do here they do QR codes it's common especially vending machines, they don't put money in the vending machines. They or the credit card, they just scan the QR code and pay for it that way.
it's I think we are less trusting here of the technology that has to do with our money. It's and they're they're it's like uh the uh not Bitcoin but they have virtual currencies that are really common there and people have uh really accepted them here. It's not really called on. I don't know anyone who's actually gone online and purchase something using a Bitcoin. Bitcoin. People invest in but they don't actually use to spend.
Let's 7 11. They will accept Bitcoin now.
And I don't know who would go to 7-11 spend Bitcoin you know it's just
so.
Well uh one of my nieces did tell me yesterday that was over $1,200 per coin. Yeah last
time I looked at it was like 375 so it must have exploded.
Well we talked for 10 minutes we're supposed to talk 25, we're gonna run out of things to talk about.
Uh No, no,
no, never. I've never been married, no kids. Um Have I've been told I'm too picky
or being concentrated on the career? Um Well it's I mean everyone wants what they want to, you know wants what they want and so it that care Kentucky. Well, I've lived here in texas uh New Jersey, you know, not just here but um it's like drugs, I don't want to have anything to do with anyone who and drugs here are very common. Even people who don't use drugs, they socially use drugs.
Yeah, do you have a truck problem there with homeless people, you know very much?
But
anyway.
Yeah. Well see that's one of the things I noticed um last year I was and I spent about a month and a half in Oakland and they have complete tent cities underneath the highway bridges and uh one on one of the radio shows that was listening to somebody would call it in that they had given money to the organizations that set up showers. They actually have portable showers. They set up there about twice as big as a port a potty and it's a shower. They
were complaining that the um organization didn't provide hot water. They provided water, you know, for a certain minute, they number of minutes per shower, but no hot water. And they were complaining that you know we gave you this money, why don't you also provide them with hot water? You know the free shower is, you know, if they don't want to go to a shelter, you know, they don't have any other choices. You know, at least they are trying to provide services
so
I am,
Well that's, I know people who move from Los Angeles to Austin and they simply something because uh rents or home values in Austin was so much less cheaper than it was in uh san Diego and taxes also California taxes, our personal taxes are quite high. Uh so yeah, but it's like I know some people that work in um san Jose You know they make $400,000 a year and there considered entry level, so they work, one works for Paypal, one works for google and uh yeah they couldn't make that much working in Austin or uh I think Hartford Connecticut is the other place that they had the option to work in, they would make, not even close to that, but that the cost of living would be less. I mean from what I saw in California, the groceries, restaurants, they're not very much more expensive than other places. It's just the rents and home values are what so expensive.
Yeah. How much is fuel there now for? Just like regular gas?
Well
it just came down quite a bit because of the uh crew process have came down when they started shutting europe back down. The government started shutting the movement uh down a few weeks ago it really impacted the crude prices I don't guess here it went from like 2 20 that's like a dollar 75 for, but that's that's normal here, you know it's gas here is always less expensive than especially California. And I was at last summer um I sent the photo of a fuel pump to my sister, she was here in Kentucky and uh it was 3 80 a gallon. I said I'm glad that my company is paying the bill instead of me. So because that was when fuel here was like a dollar 70 It was feel like 3 80 there. So but the taxes and especially, I don't know about Washington state of California. The fuel taxes are a lot more, but they needed to help pay for the roads.
I don't know uh some people in California to argue that they're not efficient either and use the money.
Yeah.
Yeah. How did the, I don't want to get to talking about political stuff unless you want to,
but how
did it go? Their house people reacted to the outcome or the what we think is the outcome is?
Mhm. So far everything's been com which I'm surprised about because Kentucky is a very conservative bible state and uh that's what I'm telling somebody. My vote counted far less then the vote of somebody in Wisconsin or florida or Georgia or one of the swing states, because uh I only have one vote that I can cast for and the democrat, I can't, You know, and it's not gonna really matter because Trump is going to carry the state probably about 20 points we have. And what makes it worse is we have a Democratic governor
who is
doing an excellent job.
Well,
yeah, Kentucky's island that there are more democrats registered here than republicans. Yes. Uh well, traditionally the Democratic Party has been more for lower income role and but over the past 15 years or so it switched, republicans are seen as being more for the lower income at least since trump especially with trump. Um But when Reagan was president, the republicans are seen as the party of the rich you know because he had this big that was the image that they portrayed
and
um benefited more of the wealthy people and uh middle income people but not the lower income people now it's trump's policies don't benefit the lower income people either. But he can tell them that. It does, they will believe him.
What
I got, someone got very mad at me once because I told them that trump read Hitler's book. Hitler his main thing was you tell a small lie. People are probably not going to believe it. You tell a big line, you tell it over and over and over again, you repeat the same thing even though it's completely a lie, they're gonna start believing you because you said they've heard it so many times, they're gonna think it's the truth and that's what trump did, that's what
he does. Uh So but they got mad at me for comparing trump to Hitler. Is that what it's he started out, everybody wanted him to do a good job, just like Hitler in Germany and then it turned, you know, he became evil.
Well,
I would hope that they would kind of who was doing it and uh expose them for some little 13 year old kids in their mom's bedroom or
the mom's
basement doing
this,
you know?
All
Exactly.
Yeah. What to extend on that? It's amazing to me how much people from, because I know some people to live in Slovenia, they are very aware of the differences here in the United States, of the different groups. And they are very aware of, you know, if you just say this, this, this and this, these people, they're going to turn on this other group there because that's what the Soviets did to them in the different countries. The Soviets turned the south Soviets maintained power as they had each ethnic group fighting among themselves. So they would invite the Soviets. So, and they're saying they're aware of the different groups here, the different religious groups, different economic groups, um and they talk about, you know, how best to take advantage of those. So it's just amazing to me that people from, especially eastern europe really understand this and this, thats part of their mentality is you know, how to take advantage of weak minded people because
that's what happened to them for decades when they were part of the soviet union. So it's just interesting to me that you said that there's you know, a couple of kids from uh eastern europe somewhere because I could see that they would be the one that would do it.
There you cards open, that's exactly how the actors used car salesmen. They present a product that is on the surface good, but then all they're trying to do is take all your money away from you that they can so.
How long can they maintain copyrights like that? I know I know a little bit about the patents, how long patents will ask, but what about copyrights?
correct.
Sheriff.
Yeah. It's um I mean if I did something like that, wrote a book or created a character, I would want it to be protected at least through my lifetime. And if I could if I could uh inherit it to someone else or if that's the correct word, uh you know that I would want that too.
Yeah. Um
So uh that happens a lot in the music business to people will write music and put it out as um just stuck. And people, somebody will take that and make a more full left song with it, but they're a little bit is pivotal to the way the song sounds. But since they started a stock, they may not have any claim on the any money that was earned by the full song. So there's but it's like Michael Jackson, he bought the Beatles album. So somebody bought Prince's early work from Warner Brothers. And Yeah, you need to have good attorneys, but when you get first, when you get started, you don't know that. You know, you don't know how you're going to be successful and somebody offers a $10,000 or something that you really don't think is that valuable? You're certainly going to sell it.
Um, So, well, we've reached the 25 minutes. We're actually gone a minute or two over, so,
All right. Well, it's been a pleasure talking with
you.