Yeah. Right right. Yeah. Mm. There you are. Mhm. Uh Where?
Good good. I'm still
hi camera, where are you located?
originally from Strawberry Point Iowa population 1300 in the northeast corner. I'm living in Columbia Missouri now wow. Also in kind of a rural area, I'm on 11 acres of mostly oak and Walnut. Well it must be, let me come home and pretend that you know I'm still living on the farm. What?
Yeah. What kind of farm is it ran it out to grain
or
what?
Okay. Well what's going to happen after that?
So we've got a district office here too.
No
Oh my gosh. So where would you like to go?
I
don't
know. That's
business move at the moment.
How?
there is that. There is that
so
you're
originally
from
around
there?
good.
okay. Oh my gosh. Also
kind of a rather large change
from Iraq.
jeez.
no.
I
got
thank
you.
Yeah, I got kind of a parallel story. My wife is from massachusetts and she wanted to be a vista volunteer and you write down the name of the place you want to serve in and being from massachusetts, she wrote down the state abbreviation M. O. Thinking that
was Montana and she ended up in saint joseph Missouri. But you know, it kind of turns out when time comes for me to get a job. She was very enthusiastic to come to Missouri, she knew what she was getting into.
Gosh,
no,
We're located right in between ST. and Kansas City and it's about now I think 150,000 people, but you know, the universities here, the health care is fairly decent, you know, it's it's nice
where I, Sorry? Oh
yeah, that's true. Oh
you know where I grew up, it's kind of a grim place now. I mean the High school used to graduate about 120 people every year. And now it's 30 because large agriculture as well. And the same as on the farm you're on. I mean the reason it's not a dairy farm now is the big boys wrote the laws and
you couldn't even milking parlor going probably.
And
Help.
well.
So her name is discrimination an issue when they find out your background or your name.
I don't know,
Or
Just a
missionary.
I did some missionary, well not missionary construction work at Pine Ridge and the yeah, attitudes of the farmers to the indians is pretty shocking but
well
has occurred. I mean I expect you probably educated them that you're you're one of the good ones. I mean in all those
sides.
I
saw
that.
Well,
and there's
and there's always Fox news to which I think is probably one of your major media outlets out there. I
know
if you go to rural Missouri, I mean it really is the only broadcast network there and I don't know
how.
definitely. Although some of them are now at least in Colombia there watching the sports channel now figuring no one is going to get
upset
about that. Uh huh.
Uh So are people masking where you're at? Are they wearing masks now and so forth?
Great.
Well, you know, like I keep thinking, I don't understand why in the midwest we don't realize we are at the beginning of the pandemic just because new york is still having big troubles, but not at the onset, it's going to be an interesting summer here.
Not
true.
no attend to what you need to attend to. It's fine.
Track,
there would be, yeah, Trachea would be pretty exciting when you can't breathe. So that's understandable.
So do you have contact with family abroad?
make
you
Kansas city Kansas or Kansas city Missouri?
know that. Yeah. Uh huh.
little more built up well, and when you get older you got to be close to health care. No.
this is true. Mhm,
wow.
So
do,
what
do you
do
me for fun? Um
I run, I usually try to put on about seven miles a day today, I'm not doing it because they give platelet donations at the red cross and after you do that, you're not supposed to go out and exercise. But there's that, I mean, in the before times I used to swim pretty regularly, uh, help out in the community with the local food kitchen, Which you can't, I can't do now because I'm 64 so I can make the food and leave it there. And then people from the medical school are the ones who actually had the food out. Uh,
and
I learned, well, The odds of mortality if I would get it are like one in 20. So,
you know, they're
not,
they're not, they're not good. And that population is pretty much an at risk population because, you know, you've got drug and mark them human trafficking and all the other well, nasty things that are also not unknown in your estate. And the health is not good, but there's going to be a vector for Covid is probably going to be that community.
But,
yep. And uh, I don't know, I like music. Um, I do like, we have a coral Union here in town from the university and they do like uh either a mass or a symphony, choral symphony or something like that. So it's fun. It's discipline and okay. And I'm married and
my son is living with us. He has a, we adopted him from china. He has a vision problem, a genetic vision disorder. So we're kind of dealing with that. And my daughter is in Penn state and she is a graduate student there all the dissertation. So she's got, if I'm listening to the exquisite torture it is to write a dissertation. Yeah.
So yeah, complaining all the way. But she'll get it done right.
this is true. And I keep keep bees, you know, kind of living out here on the property so. Mhm. Bring it about 60, 70 lb of honey a year. Um
And
I sell that. Yeah. Yeah. Um But that's about it, you know and I teach two classes a year and I'm writing a book. So uh
I
read
it's nice. I mean it has its challenges with my wife's health and my son's health but other than that I can't complain. Uh
It
is
it is.
So
how did.
Yeah. Well you're about at my age too. I mean I didn't stay in one place for a long time. I lived in Berlin for a couple of years in pennsylvania for a few years and University of Iowa for a few years in Minneapolis for a few years. So it gives
you a
perspective.
No no no. Right.
But.
Yeah this is busy. Well an insurance is a difficult one because you're always having to go out and recruit. Uh huh.
well
I
know so little about what state farm does because you know when I was too naive to live you know kind of like a college kid and getting insurance In the local community there was one lady who did the insurance and every two years she would change your company and I just kind of accepted that on faith. But only later did I find out that the company's she represented the agent got something like half the premiums if they sold a new policy and then after so many more years then you got nothing. So she would say oh I found you a new insurance company and here it is and she'd make a new sale. But I probably
This was back in the 70's. So maybe this is something that's no longer an issue with insurance reform. But it was it was interesting.
it
was
it was
long enough, right?
It is. You know, and I think my folks got defrauded by a medical insurance company. This was like back in the Reagan ears where they got an insurance policy and it said it covered chest surgery. And my mother had a heart attack. At which point the insurance company said, well your heart is not located in your chest, your heart is located underneath your chest. And so they wouldn't pay. And they had to take
second mortgage
on the farm.
Now. I mean, but I mean that's also my focus is. Problem is they tend to be accepting of authority. You know if that's what the doctor says, you need this surgery, they go out and they do this surgery, they don't seek a second opinion. It's like oh my gosh! But but long story song that are left on song. But uh huh
It is it was well I'm happy that there are reforms of that. This has been addressed mm. But
Uh huh. So is there a kurdish community in Kansas city?
Well there is that.
No.
What?
Oh yeah. Oh that would be cute. Yeah. I didn't
I didn't speak english until I went to kindergarten, but that's because my mom was a war bride and they spoke german at home but I kind of
know the feeling.
So how did you survive the school, I mean
well for me
it was
it was easier to understand english than it was to talk it and so people thought I was a difficult contrary person because I would never talk to people but I could do what they had but and then reading sort of came along easier but then actually talking took a long time, fortunately there were other people in Northeast Iowa at the time who were Children of DPS displaced people after the war or other war brides with their kids and so forth. So there were a few kids who spoke german but yeah
I know
bit of what it's like to be, you know that minority that's cast as evil because you know there's a lot of G I joes and World War Two movies and so forth. But yeah,
All
well we are similar that way. My son keeps saying I can talk to anybody, but yeah, that's that's good. Uh huh.
Well this is one
of the good
things
about
the
Covid
and
it's one of the good things about the covid pandemic. As you see people out on the streets now,
you're breaking up a little Oh, I'm not hearing you. Yes. Uh huh. Did I lose you? Look there you are. Still can't hear you. Hi? Oh. Uh huh. Mhm. Oh, there you are. Okay. We're back.
There you go. I can hear, you know? Yeah, it just locked up for a while.
I
didn't
keep track of how long we're supposed to be talking to, you know, I think it's a good idea
actually. You know, if I were doing this kind of study
I
would
Sorry? Oh okay. Well, I was just going to say you know having the covid pandemic is kind of good because when I go running I see people walking outside
and you can
say
hello
to them
and you get to see their kids. I don't know. I can
hear you.
All
I
DSL but yeah,
you're coming in fine. Okay.
All right. Say something. Yeah, I can hear you. Can you hear me okay? Oh this is frustrating.
Yeah, this is better. Can you hear me? Yeah. Mhm. Okay.
Well you want to put a pin in it? Okay?
You want to? All right. Well all right.
I guess
we
should
probably
angered.
Yeah. Yeah. Please return to this browser tab. All
Mhm.
But well I guess we've done this for about a half hour. Do you want to say this is about it and then go and do the questionnaire?
Yeah I think so. I haven't been keeping track of the time.
I'm
sorry
I mean
6 45 about,
oh no I'm just saying uh I can't I can only hear every now and then a word. But I think you came on at around 6 45. So we've been doing it about a half hour. So this is probably what they're wanting I guess. I don't know but it's very pleasant to chat with you though and I don't know if you want you can we can contact each other as well if you'd like.
huh. You see. Yeah. Mhm.
Well um Mhm. Yeah it's breaking
up
I can't I can see you but I'm not getting I'm not getting the
audio.
Yeah well sometimes you might be getting some skip
off
of
the sunset
I used to do
yeah I hope they have the recording that they're waiting
wanting.
Well, okay.
No, it's not working. I can see the visual is fine, but I'm just getting
chops
of words here and there.
But
I can hear you. Can you hear me? Uh
Can you hear me? All right. All right.
Let's,
Yeah. All right. Well, we'll have to we'll help this. Yeah. We'll have to stop it here, I guess. But it's been very wonderful to meet you. Wish you much success.
Probably, yeah. Alright. Live long and prosper.
Bye.