How are you?
yeah, my name is Cameron, good to meet you.
I'm in a small town. Well actually I'm very rural, I mean Jamestown North Dakota, but I'm eight miles south of there. Yeah.
Yeah. No, I'm on a farm, it's nobody's farming it, but it's bizarre. There's township roads that go to and from the main road and we've had a lot of rain lately, a lot of flooding up here. And so it's been difficult, like I've gotten stuck twice last week and almost today it was horrible. Why wash your car? Right,
well you
speak,
yeah, you used to be a dairy farm, but now it's not, it's not operational now, it's just the barns falling apart, you know, all that good stuff. But I'm only in Jamestown temporarily to like july, so I needed a, just a small spot to crash and this is where I'm at, So
Oh then uh, so okay, so I work for State Farm, the insurance company and
yeah, so there's an agent that quit here in town and so she literally gave it two weeks notice and left and so they needed somebody to man the office while they hired another agent. So I've been here for about a year and they hired somebody starts in july, so that'll be nice,
but I'll stick around and help him out a little bit and then I'll off to the next one I guess. But
ideally to what I'd really like to do is just sell banana flavored ice cream on a beach in Hawaii.
I think that would be the best job in the
world,
you know?
Probably not. But you
know, think about it. I wouldn't even have to wear a shirt at work, you know? Yeah.
But
no,
I
don't know, I'm kind
of a people
person.
Yeah, well originally I'm
from, I'm kurdish, I'm from the north part of Iraq and so, but I grew up in bismarck, north Dakota. Yeah,
no it
no,
yeah, but you wanna, you wanna know a funny story um like when we came, so my dad, my dad was an english teacher back then and so he was the only one out of the whole crew that came to spoke english. And so when we get here, they had a place for sponsorship set up for us in either colorado or texas. And my dad said absolutely not, we want to go to North Dakota thinking that because back in Iraq, the north part is mountains. Right? So he heard that North Dakota had
a lot of cold nose and he thought, yeah, well if it's cold and snowy there, it's obviously mountains and we want to live somewhere that's similar to where we're from
and uh yeah he found the complete opposite but that was kind of cute you know it's a good story. He says
he
tells people phone hearts bigger
than
mountains you know. So.
no.
Yeah. Well how I
mean I don't know I'm not familiar with that part of Missouri but is it but what's it it it's got to be pretty nice right? I think the landscape out
that's pretty nice.
Yeah. One more
right. I said what more could you ask for? Right. Really?
Yeah.
Product
Actually
right down the street to there's a huge operation just like three miles south of here and they hire everybody from over the border and pay them poorly. They have housing for them and everything out there, but
it's sad. It really is, you know. Yeah. Yeah.
So yeah, this is uh I get a kick out of doing stuff like this and I was really looking forward to doing something like this because I like, you know, I think it's kind of neat, right, you're a stranger to me, but now we're having a conversation and I think it's fun, you know? Mhm.
Um Yeah, so yeah, my last name is Ali Right, so that's not always helpful. Um It's uh I'll tell you this when I was in high school or growing up in small town north Dakota. It was it was all right because we were the like my sister and I we were the different kids, right? But everybody thought that was kind of neat and so we always work with a badge of honor. And then um I was in high school when the first gulf war happened and of course they had quite Iraq right, so, but they were fighting a common enemy, like the reason why I even ended up in this country was because of Saddam right? And so um nobody understood that though and so I got an opportunity I guess to teach some people but that and we all know that like with ignorance, I mean what's the best tool to fight it and that's education, right? But unfortunately, some people don't want to learn or they get their talking points or their education from the wrong, the wrong outlets and so those people you have to kind of deal with, but for a while there, like it was, it was good and I was doing the education thing and then all of a sudden, like, I don't know what happened, but like all of a sudden masses just started really turning and I am, I've always kind of been like a fighter for human rights issues and stuff. I served on for six years actually as the president of the human relations committee for the city of bismarck and that was like mayor appointed. And we dealt with different
I guess human rights type issues. Yeah, well it all because the uh uh census came back from that region from the bismarck Mandan area, which is like sister cities. Um they went from 99% white to 97 they're like, you know what, let's let's put something together to just address anything before it turns into a fire, right? And so I I really respected the talent for that and I did a lot of cool things like town hall meetings and stuff, a lot of them, one was on like the 9 11 Type of stuff. And then I did a lot
for like native american type stuff because they get a lot of discrimination up here. So yeah,
I
think it's good.
If pretty bad isn't, I mean, it's, it's sad really give him a chance, you know, I mean, that's, that's
all you gotta do.
You know,
what is the matter? Yeah. The uh, the whole ISIS battle that really that educated a lot of people on kurds without me having to say much, you know, because who was the only one that was winning in that fight. Right? It is the kurds and primarily a female battalion, you know, So, um, yeah, I
don't
know that
that helped our played a little bit, Yeah. But yeah, small town in north Dakota and it's one of those things where you kind of, you really pay attention to what people, the way they look at you, the attitudes and this and that. It's
tough,
you know?
they
love it. I mean you can't go. Yeah, it's horrible.
Any waiting
room, right? Every waiting room has it?
for
good.
well hopefully they'll find reasons believe me. Yeah,
ironically like in the beginning they weren't, they didn't take it serious and they were mocking it. And a lot of those talking points from Fox, right, that it's just a flu or the talking point about the flu killing more people this and that and then all of a sudden all the towns around us started getting a lot of cases and I said it's only a matter of time, right? And so we were late to get cases in the town, but now we're starting to grow in numbers and it's actually it's growing faster now than it did like when the whole hoopla was going on, so now everybody is wearing masks and being cautious, but then now everybody wants
to open back up, I don't know, it's kind of uh it's weird the mentality out here, it's a lot different. I haven't drank any of the tap water if that makes any sense.
right now it's our turn, you know and I don't think I don't like just bothers me that people don't like our governor. He um I mean he's just a super trump guy I think because he was bragging about how he went to meet with him yesterday and I'm like lucky you, you know? And uh
he
was so quick like he didn't ever really shut down the state, but he closed down things like uh like the what is it, the barbershops and in cosmetology and massage uh calm down buddy. Come here, come here, come here, okay, now my dog is like having a panic attack I think. Okay, there we go, sorry.
well he's fine now, he's good, but he's got a collapsed trachea and so he has a hard time breathing. Come here, come on. Oh uh it's okay, right, I don't know. Mhm. Uh huh. And then I look at him and then he's he's good, I don't know, go drink water, you must
have got into something.
Yeah, yeah, but then I look at him and he's like, I think he holds his breath, like don't worry about me, he's just a little weasel, a little puppy, but he's my only friend out here, so I gotta love him, right, So. Mhm. Right. Yeah,
Yeah, like my dad's whole families out there and so I chat with them a lot and you know the the invention of like this has really helped that. Um But then my folks moved from bismarck to Kansas city here this last year and so yeah, I'm solo in North Dakota for my for
my family
anyway,
they're on the Kansas side there in a Letha actually so Oh
yeah. So my sister has been living out there so they moved closer to her I guess they like her better.
Yeah. And they're like it they're liking it out there so it's good for them, gives me a place to go visit. Right. So
Mhm.
How
about you?
What do
you do
for
fun?
mm.
What age discrimination
in
Yeah. That's
true.
That's true. Yeah.
Right. Yeah. No that
wildfire spread.
What?
But she'll do it and she'll be successful and that will be great. Right.
Well I'm pretty sure everybody who's ever had to write one complained all the way. Right. Yeah.
Do you? Really?
That's great. That's
Perfect.
It's not like
you live in your dream? Yeah. Yeah.
I think uh sounds pretty good to me. Yeah. That would be all right.
You
know
better
than my nomad
life that I'm living.
I'm not
I'm
not so bad.
Yeah. That's that's good. That's a
I think one day I would like to get to a point where I could work on a book and sing in a choir and, and you know, go running touch anyone do that.
Yeah. Well yeah, and, and, and the thing is like, so like what I do is I man these offices, so I come into these areas right, and I'll basically maintain their book, I'm not really out drumming up new business if it comes in great, but I'm not like making calls or anything. Um primarily, yeah, primarily all work in these offices alone, you know, every once in a while somebody will come from a distant office to work with me if I need it and, and then I maintain, and then they get somebody hired, they get them in there who wants to build this business and stay there and then, you know, I help them out for a little bit and then I take off to the next one. So um this is actually the second one I've done. So um and then after this like you know I always gotta in office I can go to in bismarck but I kind of like this better just because I do get to meet a whole new crop of people what's life but just an endless like networking tool right? So you just keep meeting new people and and learning new things and
so
I'm.
They're the resellers.
Yeah. See and that's like where we it's always gonna be state farm you know? So uh but there are office still like that they're out there, they're kind of independent contractors right? And
so
they will sell
anything.
Yeah and there's money to be made in that but like you know like you were saying it's it's way more work than it's necessary I think.
And they
leg to stand
on.
But still, that's horrible. That's that's awful.
Yeah. I think the insurance guy had a bad rap there for a while, but mhm.
There is in Kansas city, yeah, it's more so than there is in bismarck north Dakota, that's
Uh huh. Yeah. Actually my sister was living there before before my parents moved out there and she had the one thing that I always wished what happened to me happen to her and I'm still jealous of her for it. So she uh she married a guy from her college sweetheart I guess he's from Nepal and so he was going back to Nepal to see his parents. So she took him to the airport and she was waiting there for him because she wasn't going to see him for like a month. And she said there was this group of people that looked kurdish right? There's a look to
us I guess. And so she's walking by him and she heard them talking and they were speaking kurdish and so she stopped kind of jaw drop because being from bismarck, you don't see that ever. So she stopped, jaw dropped and she was just staring at him and the guy who was just really animated talking to his family in the middle of talking to his family stopped, looked at my daughter and mocking. We said in kurdish, what are you looking at, daddy? No, no, no, no, what are you looking at? Uh how are you doing? You're doing okay daddy And my sister without missing a beat, answered him in kurdish and then walk, she basically said thank you, I'm fine and walked away into the bathroom and use it. I mean, she said, as I was walking away, I just saw all their jaws were like boom,
like what just happened there, you know? And she said when she came out they are like where are you from and all this stuff, But yeah, I'm still jealous, I want that to happen to be so bad.
so it was
so
I didn't think it was great. Yeah, pretty much learned it in the first grade.
So I am kindergarten so that my teacher gave award every week to the quietest kid in class. And guess who got it every single week? Yeah, Yeah, it was me and then halfway through through first grade is when I started picking it up, I remember the first time I actually got to use english to another kid, was this kid was kicking my desk and I finally turned around and I just get built up all this muscle and I was like quick and that was it. That felt so good. I'll never forget that moment, you know?
That
was fine.
that's
gonna need
They uh it's funny, I was just talking to somebody about that today earlier because uh he's german descent to, but we were talking it was very similar to that we were talking about the angel. It's kind of funny because he's very conservative and I'm pretty liberal and we actually can talk without, you know, giving each other black eyes, it's just kinda
neat, so yeah, so maybe I made a new friend will sleep, right?
No, I think so. So, it's kind of it's a Yeah, I think that was kind of what I was really excited about this for is like you know because everybody there's this whole world of people and we're all strangers to one another until we take the time to get to chat with somebody and uh everybody's got a different story right everybody's got a different culture as soon as they want walk through their door at home I mean you know and uh
so
it's
kind of just
I think
it's
interesting
human beings are interesting to me. I don't like
the world.
am I really don't know.
do that. Right at the end wouldn't it? Oh no okay
let's
see.
No
how is it
better?
Let me see.
No I'm still here
I
can
see
you
All
good. I don't
know. Maybe I got satellite internet out here so
well shoot
let me try this.
Hello?
Is it better?
good.
Adelaide internet.
we don't
get the
regular
internet. It's
all
satellite out here.
struggle. It's a struggle. Mhm.
Yeah.
Well, I think we're supposed to talk 25 minutes. Right. So
what
I come
on and I came on it. Uh
Actually,
No, no, go ahead. No. How? I'm interested in what you have to say.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's true. You know.
Really? Are we losing it?
This is
bad.
You
know, I blame the way the earth moves over from the sun. I get
Well,
I
think
we've been
On what? Probably 29 nine minutes.
So
I don't know. I think uh maybe the internet gods are are there is it working now?
Is it better?
Maybe
not?
Hear
me? Can you hear me now
be okay? Good. All
I don't know. Maybe the Internet
Gods are telling me I'm too much bandwidth or something.
Should we just uh Mhm. Yeah.
Hi