Hello? Hi,
were you hoping I wasn't showing up?
sometimes takes me a minute or two to get in here, but I'm always surprised when anyone shows up because I feel like I've had a lot of no shows
there. So this is this will be the third interview I've gone over the cycles and I think I've had two no shows for every interview I've had discussion or whatever. So yeah.
It's the glasses. I love your glasses
by the wall.
We
all know that from here down. Everyone's just wearing pajamas. So.
I know
it's crazy, isn't it?
I am working from home. Yeah.
So um yeah and and looks like this is weird.
The no end in sight thing is like weird. The weird part to me. Um Where are you located?
I'm in Chicago.
I wonder if it's finding people who are like because of the time zone difference. I don't know. Uh huh.
So what do you do in Los Angeles?
Excellent.
This is a
Ah Well, it's I mean if the baby that's the gift of the pandemic. Right? I'm sorry. I'm setting a timer. So I don't we don't accidentally cut off two students which is looking down. Sorry about that.
Um all right, set. I have this great fear that I will get through 24.5 minutes of this. It cut off and like have to do it all over again. So, so the market industry, so what what makes you think you what about being at home has changed? How you think about this? Mhm.
What?
Look
at that.
Never.
Well,
that's your job.
Well and L. A. Is not a cheap place to live.
Thank
you.
Are you
getting
treatment?
I don't know. The whole social media famous thing is a little still a little uh strange to me.
I
I know,
I know. But
always.
Yeah
I know there are and there's I feel like there's always this like group of people in like every generation who do something for nothing or do something ridiculous and and then you know and we all stare at them and it's like the All those people. Um so I'm 52. I don't I'm not going to ask you how old you are but you look like but you said you worked 15 years so you're at least out of your 30s?
No, you're not out of your 30s.
27. Okay. Um so all of those like late night TV like the Shamwow and the like the thing you wrapped your hair that was basically a towel and like all those kind of things are just always amazing to me. Like that are the spray on hair.
There was it was like basically it was like black spray paint and they basically smooth men who were below to spray on their heads and they make millions of dollars. It's like shark tank without the shark tank.
A lot of them did. A lot of them did. Some of them some of
them didn't but a lot of them did and that's what's so amazing about it. Well
I'm a lawyer
Uh Yeah so I live in a, so Chicago is a little like L. A. Because I think L. A. Is a very dangerous place. Um
But it's
it's very much neighborhood centric you know, so if you're in this neighborhood the crime rate is really high or the murder rates really high up here in this neighborhood it hardly ever touches you know and it really and it's I've lived in san Francisco, I've lived in boston and and all of the cities I've lived in have felt like like neighborhoods get defined and their boundaries get defined and then the
violence doesn't she doesn't cross very
often. Sometimes it does. But I don't know I've always assumed L. A. Was the same way.
Um I live in a I live in a good area, an area that probably, so it's an area, it's not a night. I mean it's not a nice area in that it's not bel air and it's not like you know uh
It's a it's a it's an okay crime rate. You know it's sort of like um we have I live in a and I like cities because I like being around all of the things that you can't access right now, like lots of different people and and lots of different types of restaurants and places to go and things like that. Um And so I live in a neighborhood that has you know over the years gone through, it was like it was a wealthy neighborhood and then it was a jewish neighborhood and then it was um an african american neighborhood and then it was uh asian neighborhood and it's like it's gone through a bunch of changes over the years. Um And it's right now I'd say a really mixed neighborhood which is really nice.
Um So it's not the worst, it's not the best. Um We have uh it's a neighborhood that we don't have our own gangs, we just have the gangs to the north of us that fight the gangs to the south of us. And and sometimes meet in the middle but not often. So you know it's that kind of thing. Well I'm not Chicago, it's a uh I live near the lake which if spent any time in Chicago.
So I so having spent having lived mostly on the east coast and west coast, it is surprising to me how much Chicago as an inland city or as you know as a midwestern city is all about the water because lake Michigan is so huge and covered all one whole side of the city that everything that people defined so much by the lake. And so I mean I live like three blocks from lake and there's dog parks and things and all sorts of nice stuff that we can enjoy.
Good.
No.
so um you know it's it's sort of the it's well I don't know what it is today, honestly, I just really got up for this, so it's
um but but it's, you know, it's it's august, in august is a lot of times, it's pretty hot and humid, but it tends to come and go, so be human for three or five days and then it will cool off a little bit, be kind of a nice nice summer day, seventies eighties kind of thing that will get hot and humid again or um I've been here about 10 years and we have like
the season seems like they've been melting into each other. I don't know if it's global warming or it's just like my perception of it because it had been a while since I lived in a really seasonal place, but you know, it's like this year, well this year felt like we had no spring but it's just because we were like locked inside um for most of it.
You know the first year I was here there was like no snow until like January two and then it like snowed almost continuously throughout January and then there was no snow again I mean it's just it's just it's really variable so um it's not easily predictable and I've just given up predicting like I pretty much if it's winter, I go to the house wearing whatever I thought I would wear and I'm either like too cold or too hot or too and I just like it's I just I just can't I can't build it into my day, I just yeah So I mean I lived in San Francisco for about 15 years and that really kind of spoiled
me for weather because uh it's predictable whatever it is, it's predictable.
Do you go up there for pleasure or for work or for,
Thank
you.
Yeah.
All
See I always had I used to go and visit some friends in L. A. And I have really really warm feelings about L. A. But I think it's much more warm feelings about the friends that I used to visit
but bring me around and you know like I never worried about anything and you know it was you know it was like it was like having a personal tour personal tour guides. Um But and I and I form I did um back probably when you were in diapers. Um I did the uh California AIDS ride from san Francisco to L. A. Back and it was a big big deal back then it was before it all imploded and then reinvented and whatever but I have such such more and I just remember like biking into L. A. And you know like all these people cheering you on and then the big closing ceremonies there and it was just really really really fun and just like supported. Um So I I that I think helped build this and I know like every time I get into L. A. There's not like huge cheering crowds or anything
still feels like
they're there.
Well you know although I can tell you I if you're looking for something different to do I am I
didn't when I was in my late 30s um
and I wasn't much of it wasn't much of bike rider, I just I trained specifically for it and I like
it was my test to myself to see if I could actually do something like that. And I uh
you
know,
and I did and I um I did a friend at work who would like everywhere volunteered to do it with me and she like coached me and then I got to meet people in town because you really, it's not like it's not like so many other things you do charity wise where like the day before you pick up your outfit or you do whatever, it's
like,
like training for months and months and months. And um and she taught me something that's been very valuable. She um it's really, it was really done then so that you bite for about an hour to an hour to happen and there was always a break, so there was a rest stop where there was lunch or there was something like that,
I mean all these people supporting you, but we left a rest stop and we hadn't been biking that long and she had trouble with one of her spokes and her chain broke. And and she was so she was and I said you want to go back, She's like no I can do anything for an hour. And it's kind of my like mantra since then it's like, you know, I can pretty much sit through almost anything for an hour if I have to and just make the time go. So it's really um it's really helpful to remember, but
completely
Well, you know, I mean you ride for like you're right like the biggest day I think you wrote just over 100 miles, which is a lot. But you know there'd be like four or five rest breaks and there was a lunch break. And so you could um you know, you could you could use the bathroom, you could you got, you replenish your liquids, you've got more Clif bars than I mean it took me years to be able to even look at cliff bar in the island growth before again before I could eat them. I mean it just like just really start eating them again recently. It's been like 20 years. Uh huh. But you know, but there's so and and it's also really funny because you watch, you watch people like sort of I hate to say devolved but like you know like the first day everyone's really like they're really clean and they've got every, you know all of their year on like perfectly. And you know, they're very much like, oh I could never use a porta potty that just would be on, that would be you know by like day live there like riding their bikes peeing on the people behind them or they're like, you know like they're they're like they're just like anywhere everywhere and it's like you just watched them go from like civilized human beings
to like people who have just done nothing but bike and eat and sleep. And it's pretty funny,
very funny.
I I just you know, I just did it the ones but it was such a
really, such a big experience. It really did. Um It also taught me that when you get at the end of a huge success and a really big high sometimes you just fall off the cliff
because
like
yeah, well it's just that, you know you've got I mean you've been basically bike riding for seven days so so all of the adrenaline and all of the hormones and everything that goes towards doing physical exercises there, and it's all like pumping you on and pushing you forward and all of that and then you basically like leave and you stop and like all of those hormones go from here down to there and you're like uh
just like a huge um
disappointment, but it's just a huge change that happens really fast. Um and it's one of the few times I've had to happen, but it is um the downside of the upside I guess.
So, um So you must do like, do you like ella enough that you've stayed? They
stayed there as
What?
thank
you.
But
All
thank you.
you
did.
Just
do your job, right?
You could even just continue to do your job probably for a
little
while. Richard hates.
Well, humans keep
this,
you managed to keep this job with just
about everybody else in your industry. Lost their job.
The
thing I found is like I prefer that too. And I understand there are times when like the universe kind of needs to give you a kick in the pants to get you like moving. And so sometimes that I think that sometimes big change uh this is helpful in that it just kind of forces people who are stuck. You don't seem like you're stuck.
You
just like
people.
What?
Yeah. No, I totally
I totally get that and I totally understand. Um I went to law school when I was your age, so I started in my late thirties and I was actually, um despite the promise that I'm still bitter was not kept. I was indeed the oldest person in my law school class. Um I was promised there's always like some 60 year old who was like
doing it for fun and uh don't worry, you won't be the oldest person. And sure enough, I got to the opening uh introduction
and they said, people in the class range from the age of 18 to 38 I looked around and I'm like, okay, there's gotta be someone who's a little older in the 38 range than I am and I tracked down this woman and I was like, I was like, she looks old. She said she's got a lot of makeup, but I think she's older than I am and we chatted and it's like, this is it, she's going to be my best friend and it's a whole thing. We're gonna be the two old people and a, she was like a month younger than I was, which may be bitter, bitter, bitter. Um, and uh, for me, like I, you know, I went to law school because I was well, because I was really looking for a change, but I wanted something. I felt like I could, I could work with the communities that I cared about and um, and do LGBT stuff and all sorts of stuff and you know, and I got there and I introduced myself to her, we were chatting and I said, so why did you come to law school? And she looked at me and she said, to return God to the public school classrooms where he belongs. And I looked at her and I thought, wow, we're not going to be best friend, were right for like gay civil rights and marriage equality and you're here to get God back into classrooms. I don't think there's a lot of overlap. And sure enough, I mean I respected her. She, I think she's become probably a very good lawyer, but she was not a close connection. Um, but if it's anything to say, it's, it's a little bit like you can, like, I remember thinking when I was trying to decide whether I should go or not, like, oh, I'm in my late thirties, that's so old and did it to and I don't know, I just think whenever you are ready to do something, it's a good time to do it. And you just like
take no. So anyway,
thank you.
Okay, you, you may take that with you every time you say, I'm going to expect like a two cent royalty check in the,
well I know how it works.
good.
Yeah I mean I tell you uh we're both a little I'm longer in the tooth but we're both a little long in the tooth to become Youtube stars. So you may have to dream
of long.
but I mean really if it's just people staring at me all the time and that's all I have to do. I
mean I could
be an exhibitionist
if I had to be I've been to follow some street too.
That that's true, that's true and it would be um and and boy would prolific be excited if you like we formed our own business out of this like these wind phone discussions that you have to have with strangers and
no.
I do too.
I do.
I am not really really hard and disturbing. It's just so like I think it's not seeing people smiles are not seeing their that part of their facial expression that just is um so much gets lost I
think.
Who
human reaction?
Oh no, no, no, I'm not. And I mean it's it's doing what it should be doing. I mean it's exactly, it's exactly the right thing to do. I don't object to it.
I just sort of, you know, it's not like I have the right to infect everyone else and blah blah. Was that when we're going off?
it took me 2:07 more to get my time are set up. That's
what
happens
when you get
home.
So it
was one. Uh yeah, I mean I'm just that kind of human interaction. Um and I think that you know, we uh we made some decisions. My husband and I made some decisions about how we were gonna do this when it was coming up because um we have lots of family members with serious mental health issues and trying to figure out where the line between isolation being more dangerous and um
virus, what was it was kind of something that we talked about a lot. We still kind of talk about it and try to find a right balance when we can. Um But you know it's it's just it's just infuriating when it's like I have the right to you know like I don't know, it just it makes
me crazy when I see when I watch the news.
It's true, it's true. Um And
peace.
So In toward the end of September 2016 I got like so over Facebook I was like I couldn't deal with it. Like
my my friends who are mainly very liberal and then there's like small numbers of folks that I have who are conservative, they were just like clashing like crazy and they were like donald trump, donald trump, Hillary clinton, Hillary clinton hold back and forth and all this like sniping and all this like crazy like you know conspiracy theories and every side. I just like that's it. I am going dark on facebook until the election and when the election comes we're never going to have to hear from that man again and she's going to be moving into the office and then I can go back safely and all will be good.
I was badly mistaken. Yes, although I truly believe that there is another universe out there where that correct option actually happened. Um But I so I haven't been back like every once in a while I will I will check in and discover you know like six months ago you got a message that your cousin died. Oh sorry you know, but most of what I missed has been nothing and I was
really surprised by
that.
If you
have.
Yeah. And I mean now the only good thing, I mean you probably haven't had as much of this because you grew up and you have stayed this part of your adult life in this place you
grew up. But I I mean I've lived all over the country and so the one nice thing has been able to being able to reconnect and sort of background follow people that I was very close to who you know we've just, the physical distance has made us more distant but you know, you hear about their kids, you know, they're having kids or the kids graduating from high school and those kind of things that you would sort of that I was sort of missing before and I know that now, but it's not worth the cost. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, by the way, I'm sorry, what's your name? I didn't
I'm I'm alan
it's well, it's been
probably the most fun of any of these chats that I had. No like if you need I'll put a yelp review out there for you that says, hey, this woman did first. Great great great uh
first knife, uh online discussions or
whatever.
Thank
you.
All right, well, you have a great weekend, a great day and
future.
All right, thank you. You too.