Hello. Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Hello? Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yes. No. Yes. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm.
Hi,
you weren't here before I just switched to another tab and then I heard your voice. Good morning. Yeah.
Oh really? How many times have you tried this,
Well I must feel on a lucky streak because this is my second time and you're the second one to show up when you say. Yeah,
that
ain't you? I figured the last one I was just in my pajamas I thought I'd put on like at least
in class.
I believe it. That's how people are working right now to
well, you know,
are you from home as well?
That's
What?
I'm in Los Angeles and you
what? The last person I did was in Chicago as well.
wrap. Yeah.
Um I work for a bank
and um I'm in the mortgage industry right now. So I've been doing that for about 15 years
coming up on 15 years. But working from home has made me realize that maybe I should probably think about doing something else and maybe you know that something else could just be in another company. But for some reason I realized that what I'm doing at home is not really something I might want to continue doing.
No, don't worry about it.
think I realized just how much time I am sitting in front of the computer and not really Breathing fresh air. Not saying that the air outside is any fresher, but I just felt a little too idle sitting at home. And
then I like the fact that I am away from my coworkers because that in itself is a challenge going there every day and having to deal
with
so many personalities. It's like being in a room full of 2, 300 people that you don't like or that don't like you so
that I get to be so distant from them is great. I don't have to do the elevator small talk. But I felt like I was I feel like sometimes I am torturing myself
just
to show up, I need that money because you know I'd rather not be on the street.
It absolutely is not. And I
kind
of like think about
the
people
that came out here to make it big or become uh social media famous and crap like that and then this shit hit. I mean I don't feel too bad for him because there are people way worse than what they got going on. But I do think about that a little bit. Oh my
strange,
but these people are really getting rich for nothing.
I
don't
understand it. Yeah. Uh
huh.
No,
I'm 37.
what?
I had no idea. Those infomercials made that much money though.
Well,
do you do in Chicago before
but besides ducking from bullets? Yeah.
First.
Well
But
all
um L. A. Is the same way as in there are nice neighborhoods with less violence and there are a little bit rougher areas where there's more violence. So I'm assuming you live in a nice area.
This low crime writer.
Of course.
I have not.
Yeah. What's
the weather out like for about now? So my idea before you ask you a question and cut you off
my idea of Chicago, not only do I think it's dangerous, but you guys have like some crazy snow and like this bad weather. And I'm saying that because I do have a friend who travels to Chicago often and on one of his visits he slipped on black ice and broke his hip. So he constantly work, walks with a limp and he has some issues in his growing now, like he made that up and so I always just thought of Chicago as maybe like a place that I might not want to go to even though I heard like the party scene is awesome. Well uh, it's just my idea of Chicago, but how is the weather about right now?
Being here.
Well.
that is probably what it is.
Animal.
I love san Francisco.
I've only been there for pleasure and I used to go a lot when I was young, about 15 is when I started going, so my girlfriend, I would just leave and not tell anyone we were a little bad, but we would just go up there all the time. She had family up there and then when I got older I would go up there to go to like the club scenes or you know, just walk around the park just to eat. I went to the
folsom
festival a few years ago so I've always just got up there at the party actually since a young age. But I love san Francisco. I remember I was there once and I was getting my nelson and the nail tech asked me where I was from and I was like, hello Les and he looked at me, he's like the dirty south, you know. Mm
it's about right. We
are the dirty south.
That's exactly
especially
now
airports are empty. I saw a photo. Well that's cool. You did the bike ride? My friend has done it a few times and I ended up at the finish line, food, everything, comfortable blanket, he just eats, passes out and I was like okay let's get you home. But I love the idea of that and I always wanted to like support that but he stopped writing so I don't know maybe I'll just donate that money to someone else. A stranger or something.
well
huh.
Crime
Actually
do
that
you
want
no
I had no idea that that
people only road for like an hour, an hour and a half
What?
How
many times have you done that?
cool.
through
that
means
How
great.
Okay. I understand,
Are
I stayed here
this long and I never really thought that I
would
stay here forever. So I do have, when I think about
my life in the future, I do expand that to the whole world because
I don't like I will stay here and especially
since my parents decided to retire and move, was it like two years ago they moved out of state? So once they moved and tore up our family, my brother then moved out of state, so it's not like we're all together anymore and it doesn't feel the same. So I've never I don't mind leaving, I'm
ready
to go to be, I'm ready. I don't even need much except you know, just a job and everyone's working remotely so it's totally possible that I could just go
away.
I'm sorry.
I
could.
I mean it's not that I hate it. I just, I wish there was something else I was doing. You know this job has been good for me and it's been here for me when I needed it. But now I feel like I can look beyond this and maybe look for something else, maybe
find
me.
But
yes, I've been through a recession already. You know, I had an interview for my job that I already had and you know, I hope that I keep this one until I'm ready to go and not when someone else is ready to go. So grateful. I'm totally grateful for it.
Well,
I
don't
think universe to kick me in the ass. I already
know universe! Listen to me. No kicking in the ass. I am always ready to kick my own ass. Yeah, but
if that happens, I I already I've thought about if something did happen and I don't feel like negative towards that but I rather you know my terms.
What
what?
on.
whoa.
Ever you're ready to do something.
It's a good time to do it. Okay I might take that with me,
I
will donate that to since and collect it until it's a good amount of money and donate it to uh B. B. T. Q. Cool.
That is some strong words though, maybe I will. Mhm. Put that thought towards something positive before the universe gets to me so.
not
no we don't, we could continue dreaming. The thing is I don't want to like I just want the money, I don't really want the eyes, I don't want people, I mean
thank
you,
I'm sorry.
Uh yeah, awesome. Maybe we have to do this together because it would be like the odd couple.
I think
I actually enjoy them kind of a little bit.
It's
not like I can go out and meet people right now, especially when I'm only like showing sometimes not even my eyes, we'll put on some glasses and then I have on the mask and all that, this order.
It
is kind
of weird,
right? Sometimes I look up and I see everyone and it does feel a bit strange, but if it says it's, I mean it doesn't hurt me to wear a mask sometimes.
Well,
Yeah, we did our 30 was in 25 minutes. Cool.
Well
we
can wait
till
yours goes off so you can extra sure.
No.
Going
well
dude, I know the more, you know, the worse it gets and
for
my own mental health, I just have to step away, I even log out of social media for days just to like have a moment to gather myself Uh huh
One
Oh you are sadly mistaken.
absolutely
not
do. And you're lucky you got off because there's a lot of people that you may have known for for my, from my experience, a lot of people I've known for so many years, we're best friends, they're just out
there,
showing their ass. I had no idea that this is another side to them and it's the, the wedge between relationships are like even in my own family is just getting crazy, it's weird
but
Absolutely not. Stay away
serious.
Alan,
to meet you.
yeah,
thank
you though,
I kept
enjoy chatting with you as well,
you were about
positive things happen to you wherever you go
today, but