Hey
Pretty good.
to remind that I just woke up from a nap later. Yeah. Uh huh. I had to wake up to do this sitting alarm.
I still take up too late to take a nap.
push.
Yeah. So is this your more than you've done it before? Right.
Just
one
of
the time
I tried to do it a second time yesterday but either I joined too late or they joined too late so no one is there
no
problem? Yeah.
Yeah that's why that's why I'm on today. I did one a few days ago and then tried to do yesterday and now it's today
and then florida Miami. Right?
Stay there in Washington D. C.
we've seen all those memes of people were probably in Oregon but and here they were like the legalization of like every drug decriminalization of every drug in Oregon.
Yeah.
What?
stuff
like psychedelic you're talking you're talking about like psychedelics right? Her. Yeah I agree with that. Like a lot of people just expect to take it and they're like oh my life is gonna change like no, you have to like like open like
I don't. Uh huh. Bye bye.
But
one
mug links and killing each other
first. All right.
execute
pretty
Ever?
Yeah. The first time trying acid was with like 25 which is like the research chemicals. So like in the video because I could taste so I was like wow that's some bullshit and it's crazy because um I've never seen the movie Stepbrothers with Will Ferrell.
Um Do you have you seen do you know the guy john c Reilly with the curly hair? He's an actor, he's like a big curly afro and he's white.
Think of red.
He's like he's like older and uglier. Yeah. No, but she his son actually gave me that acid so it's all good has been through it. Cool.
It was bad. Like it wasn't terrible but it just wasn't us like it would say.
Something in it.
three.
Especially those type of problems or it's like all in your head kind of all in your head but like
from his part with them.
I think.
And
But
it
Yeah.
All
happen.
Like it's not 100% in your control is what you're trying to say like.
well.
and
My brother actually
is like he
goes them and he's like really obsessed with them like that. It's gonna like change the world if everyone ate mushrooms. Kiss me.
it's
mm is big into
like
he doesn't Western medicine at all think um like he doesn't go to the, I don't go to the doctor either, like the like american doctor type shit. I don't think medicine like
that.
Um Like my brother, my other brother just got a hand surgery. I'm like they gave him like oxyCODONE and he's just been like taking him and take him and take him like without realizing what it's doing them. Like it's giving them like a terrible attitude when he doesn't take them like easy into
met shits, like a most the biggest industry in America at least.
And
this.
People,
Yeah.
there
was
I tell
you you need stuff like surgery and like all these procedures when you don't actually like it's not that they make you think that like the surgery is necessary enough.
Think
Yeah the side effect that like half the commercial, they have the commercials on side effects like
like
Yeah I've seen those probably haven't been in the hospital for everyone.
Um Yeah sailing. I'm actually about to go to this place called Fire Island where my dad lives and there's like a nice hobie cat sale but they're trying
with the pontoon like with the trampoline and the pontoon. Do you surf sailing as the kids over here?
Yeah. I wish
florida had like mountains because mountain biking is fucking awesome. Have you ever been all
Yeah.
Yeah. Now what things like you need to cook like you're gonna die
well
and
Yeah it's really terrible.
I came here I used to that would be the way I would get around like just long boarding but it's not fun unless you go to like this part where you know there's like nice downhills but there's no like actual mountains or hills.
I've always been climbing on like man made shit. I've never climbed like mountains like that. Yeah.
thank you
something.
like
you did
I went to the summer camp when I was a kid and I had like this extremely tall rock climbing wall and like each side if it got harder and harder and one of the sides it would be like like you have your foot there and then there would be like a 92 coming out. I used to like, jump back and wonder on the hot. Really? Yeah. Mr
it's
different. Uh Well, I'd say Miami is a lot different than the rest of florida I don't know about like, and then they have like those college towns that are spread out and then the rest is like killed. Please,
we're
going to work
Yeah,
Yeah. Uh Miami is actually like, like the city is small. Yeah, but like, Miami dade county is like the biggest county. The big one is.
No.
The problem
was
more
drivers
traffic.
Like the problem is more the way people drive in, the traffic,
they can, it's real bad down there. I was dangerous of anywhere like
90 Yeah,
they got 95 down here. Like I see accidents every single time I get on in multiple really? Even if I'm just going like a mile or two like.
People
trying to go in between everyone going 200 MPH like.
Yeah, everybody is
going to.
It's
You see like every day to like someone cutting across and like exiting at the wrong time like.
Well,
I'm
it's
the car to like the cars that they're putting out like
back back like in 2000 and five, like, you cannot get like a fast car for cheap now. You could get like
the
cars made in 2006 that were fast cars then like. Yeah.
Or just I had a I just broke it because they grow it flooded over here and I was running through a
puddle 1006. BMW 5 50. I was so nice.
Cat or something or a kid
with? Okay.
First.
That's
there.
What? It's such a headache like car trouble with such a headache. Wasn't anything.
Thanks?
I think the problem is the batteries. Yeah.
They need to figure something out,
is
it?
That's cool. I'm not saying like the battery itself is faulty. I'm just saying like the resources in order to make that many but it's very tough,
The lithium whatever.
Better.
Yeah,
Okay.
He didn't yeah.
When I
Well
if
terrible. Yeah. Yeah.
But yeah, they said they were gonna do that like what, 23 years ago that they were going to do like delivery drones
at
all?
Also like the problem with the airspace and like different places like
in the people flying around on the, they literally have like a huge fan attached to their back and then like a parachute. It's called, it's called para motor. And they just like use the fan fly like with the parish group. It's sick.
I was just like a beach over here just flying like just sitting on a seat like in the middle of the area. Looks like two.
Yeah, boarding school. I've never done it but it's like I always wanted.
Yeah.
What
course?
Well you stomp on it and it like it was like there
That's pretty cool.
I haven't done
this.
The
tipping
you
talk
were you like um go on the water up there though, isn't it? Like freezing
Perhaps
over.
over here in the winners like 80 degrees like
from
But
that's
the what
soup
you need to work. But I don't hate where wet do, but it just doesn't feel as like it doesn't feel like swimming to me. It feels like I'm doing like mission is um so bye.
I think,
Thank.
6%
robbed.
Six is sick. This water sounds cold.
They probably freeze over.
Yeah.
Very Oh
When
there
reforming
it's political.
To
spend.
Yeah. Yeah. Like you have to like go with the wind and like kind of like
change in order to catch the wind to go a different big
Why?
Hold on.
Yeah.
Three. I think we're good.
Thank you. Everybody
you
have
anybody enjoy
the schooling or whatever.
Big.