Yeah, yeah, mm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, mm, mm. Mhm. Oh Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
How's it going?
Um I can't see you at all by the way. Okay.
Um how's your day going?
just started. Fair enough. Um Yeah, these are always kind
of weird. Take a little bit to get going. I don't know.
Yeah, just once we spend like 10 minutes talking about how it works, which I don't know if that's what they were
looking
for
him,
but
yeah, I think they let you
reschedule
fair number of times. The
so um what part of the country are you in?
I'm not in Washington
ST yeah,
no I haven't, I mean it's probably a good step. Uh I don't know, I'm not what do I say, don't really partake in that stuff anymore, but I don't really care if anybody does. Um
Yeah, no I think it's a good step, A lot of them have therapeutic value as well. Um But I don't think it's I don't I don't think it's the kind of thing that you can just taken assume it will be beneficial
I guess if you if you want
what?
Hey can you lean to
There you go. Yeah, I just want to make sure we get paid. I think they have to be able to see your face in order to uh Yeah.
Um So uh Yeah. Yeah no I agree. I I think I think in the end it would
be better if it was all legal because then people wouldn't be doing
yeah or or even like thank you. Like it used to be
to get LSD and you knew it was LSD because the guy who was making it, I don't know if, I don't think it was a guy who originally created it, but the guy who was making it, he was making so much that that it was basically impossible to make money
off of it if you or anyone else. So, but nowadays because he got thrown in prison, you don't know if what you're getting is actually are empty or if it's research
chemical and some of the research chemical like LSD, if you take a lot, you
probably aren't going to have a good time, we won't kill you. But some of the research chemicals, you can take a lot, it will kill you. So, so
No, but it sounds funny,
I think
he's like a, like a I don't know how to put this other than an uglier uh Seth Rogan. Yeah.
that's pretty red.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's uh I think there's been some interesting trials like mushrooms will not mushrooms and tell us that the active compound for the side and seems to be pretty effective for for depression and anxiety, but um I don't know, we'll see, I hope, I hope uh people
like I think having stuff like this is good, but I think what would be better is if we didn't live in a society that made people want to
look for things to fix their problems, um it would be better to just not have the problems in the first place or have less of them. Um
Yeah, it's
you know, it's interesting you mentioned that because I think it's uh it kind of depends on
how you view for what your perception of mind is
and so I think it's very common in America, people kind
of
just assume that your mind is in your brain um
but if you really kind of dissect it, you cannot really
separate your mind from your environment, it's just not possible. So um in that sense um
yeah it's it is in your head, but it's also because your quote unquote head is inseparable from the environment, it's also in the environment, so so it's um don't put this for me personally, it became a lot easier to understand these kind of things when I stopped assuming it was like there was like some kind of discrete boundary, right? Um and then and then it became a lot easier to understand that. Uh huh. What?
Yeah. Yeah. To some extent, yeah, it's not, you can't like will power your way out of these things. Ah it's just not gonna happen. Uh But you know, I think the thing for a lot of people, if they don't have time, I would understand like if I was not, I have I have a fair li uh decent life. I have some free time. If I didn't have this a matter of time um I can understand that. It would be very difficult to
to start to think about these things in a different way. Um Like if you don't have time, for example, I'm not saying that everybody should meditate if you don't have time two or energy to meditate daily than maybe it is better that you can go to a doctor and get some mushrooms. You know, I don't think the mushrooms are sustainable
solution, but it's at least going to give you a taste of what you might come to understand if you really
looking
for.
They have that, they have that capacity.
I would uh I don't know if your brother is into this thing, but I might consider encouraging him to look into chinese herbal medicine. Um
They
have.
I think
I think it's definitely the U. S. Medical system is pretty pretty shit. The doctors do. Most of them actually do care about. The system is just so bad that they don't have time or energy.
Yeah that's.
Yeah. Yeah and it's
it's
unfortunate to they don't have a when they test drugs, I didn't realize this but you're basically allowed to run as many trials as you want until you get a positive result. Then you don't have to include the past trials in your analysis. So it doesn't make it doesn't make any sense. I mean that being said I will say like western medicine is good for for some areas like if you have an acute infection it's probably pretty good if you you need surgery, it's probably
pretty good. Um
The kind of things were like something
happened
that we're going to die in the next day. You probably
that.
Yeah. Yeah, I agree with that. It's weird when you walk around the hospital you like, I don't know about in florida but at least up here even at like the public hospital. Well I'm not really I guess not really at the public hospital, but it's like the bigger hospitals, you'll walk around
and you'll see like videos playing on the tv about like bah blah blah. Do you have any pain blah blah blah? Ask your doctor about um And it's like, well
Well no, this is not even like a drug commercial, this is just like an uh internal like advertisement
for their surgery to part like think they advertised like these free like information sessions at the hospital about knee surgery or whatever, right?
It's just kind of messed up. Uh uh Yeah, I don't know. We'll see. Hopefully, hopefully things change. Uh Mhm. Do you do any uh you do any like sailing or surfing? I guess there's nothing surfing in florida.
We'll burn it, cocoa.
Yeah. Yeah, the thing is kind of one of the main, if you're going to do outdoor stuff, one of the main things down in florida.
Well,
I'm really bad
at it, but to be honest, my uh my experience with it probably wasn't, it wasn't like a summer camp and we were riding like basically huffy's
I mean this wasn't like any kind of intense trail. It was like some kind of cross country
trail, but it's still like yeah, I don't know, you give like a 10 year old like a fucking £30
like it's not gonna be a good time bike, weighs almost as much as a kid,
it was pretty bad. Um Yeah I've got to I know I met a guy on a work trip down to florida, he lives in Thank you and he's really into long boarding but he was like there's no fucking hills here, it's the worst. Uh huh. Uh
Yeah. Yeah I guess we kind of take mountains for granted here. Uh uh We used to do a lot of climbing but I'm not so much into that anymore. Uh huh. It's a
I don't know if it's a depending on the style of climbing to be honest, gym climbing is really not that much different than outside.
Uh Unless you're going to like
I guess there's something to be said for climbing outdoors but in terms of the actual like exercise, it's not much different unless you're climbing really tall
stuff
outside. Mhm
yeah, they can be, they can be pretty fun for sure. Mhm uh Yeah, I was I've only been to florida a couple of times, I went like when I'm really really little to Disney world, I don't really remember that and then I went on a couple work trips down there and that was kind of interesting of I don't know, it seems like uh
recycled.
Yeah, yeah, I was I only went to Miami Tampa and Jacksonville and I definitely say that Miami Miami felt like uh like a bizarro version of is the best way I can describe it. Like
smaller
Los Angeles. Mhm Like
Los Angeles, no asian people or less asian people and uh just smaller I guess in general. Um.
Yeah I just went by like feel like I don't think I don't think in Miami I just remember like driving from the airport to downtown in L. A. Took me like an hour and a half. It wasn't even that far. Uh
I didn't really get that trouble in Miami that traffic wasn't as bad. Didn't seem like
maybe they
sent
that. Is
planning
what?
Oh yeah. Oh yeah.
Everyone.
What are you gonna say?
Yeah. The one thing if everybody either drove really fast or really slow but it seems like you guys have a mix of both. Uh huh.
Good.
Yeah. Yeah in L. A. Everybody drives fast but every but everybody drives fast.
Beautiful.
Well at least is predictable. Where in Miami as like the short amount of driving I did it was like I remember like like one person like
at the last minute cut across like four legs and then drove over the triangle divider to get off an exit or so it's just like dude just take the next exit and turn right. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah up here in Washington it's
been weird. We uh we all used to drive fairly slow back when I was growing up um partially because the speed limit was lower it was 50 instead of 60.
But but then like I think a lot of people moved here and so things have changed, People are driving
a lot faster now. It feels more like L. A. Uh
that's
let's
see
yeah I didn't think about that that 2005 a fast power was like a WRX or something for cheap.
Well
cover yeah guy I used to climb with um and he doesn't drive cars anymore because he got too many felony speeding tickets. But one time I was like he was like do you want a ride home from the gym? And I was like I didn't think about it, I was tired, I was like sure and I was like okay this is a bad idea, He was going like 95 in a 25 mile per hours A I it's like dude.
Uh huh. Uh Yeah it's weird to now because he's like he's got a family and two kids and I'm just like I hope you don't ride that motorcycle too much camera. Uh
um Yeah
cars are I'm kind of glad I didn't really get into the um I can appreciate
them but now I'm just like I just want like a boring ass
Toyota camera or some shit that's gonna run forever to deal with anything.
Uh But I don't know. I think uh electric cars
should be pretty reliable. Um They don't have a lot of moving parts. Speak.
Yeah, we'll see. Hopefully they figure that out.
The
Toyota
hybrid batteries have been holding up pretty well though. Um Now they come with a 10 year warranty, so.
no, I agree there.
Yeah, they're working on, on better ones. Uh They used less difficult and uh environmentally bad materials. Um But it will probably be some time. I mean the good news is I think we can recycle most of the lithium that we use in batteries. Um So that's at least something. But but yeah, we'll see. I don't know. It seems like most electric
cars basically like a giant cordless drill. Yeah,
we're staring. Uh uh
I'm really glad we don't have like flying cars or some shit. I think that would be a total nightmare.
I really, I really actually hope we'd never get delivery drones because even the bigger drugs are really noisy and it's not just like the noise they
it's not just like the volume they make, but like the particular sound, it's like it's like worse than a leaf blower. I don't know how to describe it, It's like a leaf blower,
but it's also it's
like high pitch wine.
Are.
Yeah, I can't, I can't imagine it. It seems
like
unless it was for extremely lightweight stuff. I can't imagine it being profitable.
Yeah. Yeah, that too. Um
That's pretty
huh. Yeah, there's ah I don't know if you're in the Kiteboarding at all, but there's a
I kind of feel like it's one of those things that you have to spend a lot of money to to get into. Uh
but they there's a guy robert nash or nash, I don't know how to pronounce his name. He made this thing, They were trying to do this for a
long time but for some reason they couldn't get it figured out you made this thing is basically like a handheld kiteboarding kite. Um So it's sort of like a windsurfer rig but not really because it doesn't have a math. Uh and you use it with a foil
board and it works pretty well even in really light webs and it should be
yeah, you don't you don't stop on the phone but but but it's the same principle, it's a hydrofoil lifts you out of the water um
Yeah and it's uh it's supposed to be quite a bit cheaper and safer than kiteboarding And you go about as fast anyway, so it seems like a win. Uh Kiteboarding always seemed like like it was cool, but then you think about it, it's like you need like
of
power to to water start to get out up on top of the water, but then once you're up on top of the water, you don't need all that extra power, so it's like, it's not gonna make it go any faster, it's just gonna make it harder to control. So
all
right, it seems like these things are pretty good alternative where you just
like
pump the oil board twice with your legs and then you get going with
uh you know, it's funny you mentioned that I went, I managed, I packed like a shorty wetsuit on my business trip uh because I was thinking maybe I get to go sailing and I did get to go sailing down in florida. And they were like, when I was asking people around,
they were like december, are you crazy? So cold? And I'm like the water
temperature, the water temperature is 25 degrees warmer than it ever gets, or uh
yeah, in the summertime here,
the lakes are, they get up to like 60
So it's not
why,
but
it's not.
Yeah. Uh Yeah, if it's so if it's like really warm, ah if it's really warm and you're not like spending a whole lot of time actually in the water,
you don't really need a wetsuit, but but in the spring and fall, it's even when the water temperature is about as warm as the summer.
Um I mean, I get the spring would be with the far if the air temperature is not that warm, it's not a lot of sun, it gets pretty cold pretty fast.
I used to
what?
60 yeah, the saltwater never gets above like 50. Uh and then in the winter time, the legs, uh I mean, even though they're pretty deep here,
they don't freeze over, but they get cold, water temperature drops down to like 38 40. Um
and it's like I went sailing on a laser once when I was like first starting out and it was really windy and I was like, I'm not going to go far, I'll just like stay close to the dock, it'll be fine and had a wet suit on. And then I uh I said I was sailing and I capsized. I was like, no big deal. I got the boat up, but then I realized the rudder had fallen off.
it was like, it was like, I was like 60 ft away from the dock and it took me two hours to get back. Uh huh. Well that was already, I had to like, I finally figured out that if I like laid on the back corner and I dragged my leg in the water, I could sort
of steal
her. It's just so bad.
It was like so bad. It
only took me like 30 minutes just to figure that out. And then another like hour and a half
to actually,
because like, I don't know if you know much about sailing and tacking up wind.
So
so normally you can tack up wind through like 90 degrees or whatever and you can, you can make like zigzag like that with a 90 degree angle between each turn, right. Uh But with my shitty leg writer, it was more like 100 and 60 or 140 degrees.
And then like uh
like the middle of february so nobody else is at the dock. And I was just like uh Mhm.
It was pretty fucking stupid. Uh Well anyways, what time did you join? Do you remember I joined a little bit early.
Okay, cool. All right, man. Stay safe.
Take care. Nice to
meet
you.
But
yeah, you too have a good trip
to the island.