SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Uh huh. Hello
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Hello how are you?
SPEAKER_R: dude dude how's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Good
SPEAKER_R: Well for certain for certain? You're in a earlier no earlier times only that's the son in the back that's not a light. You have. Right
SPEAKER_L: that's a light.
SPEAKER_R: that's a light. Oh okay
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: so where are you? Where you at?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in Georgia. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: then we're in the same time you were in the
SPEAKER_L: instant.
SPEAKER_R: same time I'm in new york Mr times. Okay
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's like it's P. M.
SPEAKER_R: six p.m. In it. I thought I thought that that looks like uh sunlight so I'm like wow you must be
SPEAKER_L: Well I have
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: in front of a window but no it's it's dark outside
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: already.
SPEAKER_R: yeah it's definitely ducks have a window right here and there's no light coming through agency.
SPEAKER_L: Have you guys had snow? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Not not yet and in fact it's gotten unseasonably warm so um there was a cold snap about a week and a half ago
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: brattleboro.
SPEAKER_L: I was just then I saw a pick I didn't watch the video or anything but I saw a picture of trump uh like the Arlington so it's up that's up north near your area. And uh I thought I saw snow or flakes on his um on his suit
SPEAKER_R: or well um I would have guessed that there might have been snow up in uh you know like
SPEAKER_L: Virginia.
SPEAKER_R: up in the Catskills? Yeah up in the Appalachians about maybe a week and a half ago. But I'm over here in the city and we probably won't see snow. I mean it's not that we never had thanksgiving snow but lately it's it's it's too warm. I mean like today we're in this when the high sixties so wait you want for snow? In fact I think the coldest day it's been in november was ironically Election Day last week
SPEAKER_L: yeah we had a couple of days. Well I'm like 15 minutes from Atlanta And uh we typically if if we get snow it's normally a brown april and it's for like two days. Yeah it's gone
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: within 24 hours.
SPEAKER_R: I would have thought that you know one Georgia really hardly get snow and then it was to get snow. I thought I wouldn't mind at the heart of winter like
SPEAKER_L: No no it's
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: normally
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: towards the end and like I said for two days. And what happens is uh it shuts down the whole city because we're not used to it, and then it's gone, it's gone like it'll snow that morning, and typically it's gone within 24 hours.
SPEAKER_R: It's funny when you mentioned that you know obviously I'm referring to uh
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: people in the south as you know yourself. The interesting thing was I was in um florida about I was on a cruise about I'm gonna say around six years ago, 67 years ago and one of the stops was cape Canaveral in florida and I remember we had an overnight stop, right? So we were allowed to dock and you know essentially go on land. But you know this was, this was like for me it was nothing because we went during the week before christmas. So for me, you know florida weather, it's like gosh we're escaping a new york winter. Right? So again the temperature at night, this was around 10 o'clock at night, probably dipped to around
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: 50 50 degrees. And everybody was saying that man, this is this is the coldest and literally like you said it's shut everything down 50 degrees to them is really, really, really cold and I was kind of going like I'll take this, I'll take this like 24 hours a day if I could because new york when it gets cold. I mean yeah, we're talking about cold. It's you know, it's hard to, you know below freezing and oftentimes yeah, we start to get around but that's what really shuts things down for us. You know? I remember like for example the transit system uh if it gets below freezing, almost every single line that is above ground gets shut down, which incidentally, if you're if you're in Manhattan, you're almost not affected of. Which means that if you're in the city itself that affected its when you're you're like me, I'm in Brooklyn, which is one of the four hour out of line burrows. If you're in one of those boroughs, good chance that your subway line is one of those that's not running well, that's what we really shut us out. If we're talking about, you know, snow
SPEAKER_L: well I'm a I'm a military brat, so I grew up mainly in like I grew up in Maryland for the 1st 14 years of my life, and then we moved to England and and then we moved to Georgia um at the end and I lived in colorado. So yeah, I'm used to the snow, I remember walking to the school bus stop with this, you know, snow up past my knees when
SPEAKER_R: Of
SPEAKER_L: I was seven years old, so I'm used to that, but my dad retired here in Georgia. And so this is where I've been, and I just find it funny, but remember when we lived in England um It
SPEAKER_R: does it snow in England much? I've heard I've heard from my friends that, you know England, it gets just like the pictures tell me it gets foggy, it gets damp. But I'm not tracing the two together that to get a hell of a lot of snow.
SPEAKER_L: well we do, I mean, I, we lived in a town outside of um we didn't live on base and I delivered newspapers on my bicycle, I remember the snow, but uh what's funny though is like, it would be 60 degrees and my dad, he's got, you know, because we came from up north Maryland before we moved to England and he's wearing his heavy jacket and we're walking on the beach and you see these people just like walking in shorts and, you know, enjoying that 60 degree weather and my dad's freezing.
SPEAKER_R: were the locals, You know, this is what we're used to. I mean the flip side of that is when I went, when I went to Indonesia for for for like two months and I'm going, I was there, I was there. But it's like every single damn girl like I pray for, I pray for the nighttime. And the problem with the nighttime here is, you know, have you ever been to any tropical climate? Is that the nighttime breeds breeds? But they weren't they welcome? You know, mosquitos? All sorts of biting
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: incident. Right. But I couldn't venture out. I could really venture out there in the daytime because we went, we went during the, what was it? I got my season stripped around because I thought I was going there. Um and uh my winter, but I failed to correct for the fact that our winter is, you know, they're in the other hemisphere, right? Yes, summer. So I'm out here just baking every single day and go like, man, this is, this is not the way to go. I mean, of course the locals were going like this is this is temperate weather, we take it in stride. And I'm like, I'm used
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: to the code, that's one thing, I'll go out in the freezing, which is a light jacket, that's fine. But man, when it gets this hot out, I'm like, okay, I don't want to go out.
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah, I was in Australia one year for christmas and
SPEAKER_R: that that that's true.
SPEAKER_L: it's just weird because it's like, why, why is it so hot? This is not christmas? And they're like, yeah, this is christmas for us
SPEAKER_R: It is beautiful
SPEAKER_L: more,
SPEAKER_R: december Australia. That's like, you know, if you, I mean, I've never been to Australia, but my wife's been and she's like, no, it's one thing if you're in the main city, but if you happen to be in like the outback where you know, you're you're further away from Melbourne, did you think? Yeah, don't don't venture too off off off off the beaten path because it gets so hot that you might have illusions. Hallucinations. I'm like, no, I mean
SPEAKER_L: mirages.
SPEAKER_R: it's pretty familiar qualification, but it's just hard to have whose nations, I'm like, no, not not. Uh although, you know that I have because, you know, I come from Hong kong, right? So we have quite a few friends that go from Hong kong to Australia because obviously both for ex british colonies, so transition isn't that huge, right? And they're telling me, yeah, they're Australia gets four seasons. I'm like, yeah, you might get four seasons, but just like you said, you may get like, you know, a four month summer and then like a 2.5
SPEAKER_L: come on.
SPEAKER_R: day winter, some something weird like that. It doesn't really get that coast ever in Australia.
SPEAKER_L: Well I I never spent a whole year there so you know, but I yeah um I was there from like I think it is december until March,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that that, that that was that's the hardest month.
SPEAKER_L: that's yeah this summer and and everything they're like wants to kill you. Um I mean birds, they have this thing called swooping season, have you ever heard of that?
SPEAKER_R: No. What's that?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, if you're like outside during swooping season or riding a bike you got to wear a helmet because um or have you know some kind of protection because he's first just fly and they attack head. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Really,
SPEAKER_L: they just swooped down and you know, can you?
SPEAKER_R: That's that's crazy. I mean I live in new york and honestly our pigeons don't care for people. Well they're running to you, but they don't aim for you. And what you tell me it sounds like
SPEAKER_L: they
SPEAKER_R: it is.
SPEAKER_L: came for you for you there? Yeah and and they chase you. Yeah it's it's pretty crazy. But I've never actually, I've been to new york but only up towards uh I can't think of where's Niagara? Is that brown?
SPEAKER_R: Do you mean the falls
SPEAKER_L: But yeah, Niagara Falls, we went through new york but we ended up on the Canadian side. But what's that? That's the only place I've been to
SPEAKER_R: white buffalo away?
SPEAKER_L: Buffalo. Yeah. Buffalo, I knew it started with, so I've wanted to go to new york city but I haven't been. So
SPEAKER_R: Um Well I encourage you to go, but you know, obviously now it's not a good time.
SPEAKER_L: no, no, I'm not even traveling outside of my house.
SPEAKER_R: Well, really? Really? You shouldn't, I mean
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: I'm in my line of work, I mean I do construction so
SPEAKER_L: kind
SPEAKER_R: unfortunately
SPEAKER_L: of have to be outside?
SPEAKER_R: happening out right. But that being said, it might actually be one of the safer locales because guess what? Everybody else is thinking the same thing. Nobody. I mean I've been at Times Square, you know in the most busiest times and I'll tell you right now I could go there and there are more, the last time I went there, there were more film crew than when there were actually people meaning the crude actually filmed the fact that there was no people there and I passed by and one of my sites are, you know, two blocks from roof from there. They caught me in the shot and they uh, they actually come up there and ask for your tourist. I'm like, I'm like I have a hard hat on, have a safe, come on. What am I, unless I happen to be a village people reject. Now coming to here in new york as a tourist. What are the odds? So there are actually more people here documenting and showing how empty the city is than actually people in the streets.
SPEAKER_L: Well that's because you guys have a proactive mayor, you know,
SPEAKER_R: I don't think we have a choice quite honestly in the matter because
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: also
SPEAKER_L: don't know to Atlanta and these people, they are just
SPEAKER_R: It's funny, you mentioned, you mentioned Atlanta, I don't remember. This was back in um this is back in june right where it was. The Georgia mayor comes out in the press conference and he tells us, he tells you know everybody that um the symptomatic spread was possible, right? When we all knew
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: that well, he comes out in the press conference two days later and says he just learned that asymptomatic
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: spread was possible and we're going to
SPEAKER_L: That's our governor.
SPEAKER_R: okay. And this was, this was me in new york were all new york is going like wait a minute, you're saying this in june, we were all talking about that and watch,
SPEAKER_L: Good mark.
SPEAKER_R: it's like the old information and now the Georgian mayor comes out and says this is news to me. I'm like, why would you even say that? I mean, that just makes you look because
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: because I'm
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: listening
SPEAKER_L: not an idiot because the Atlanta mayor is a woman actually and uh
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: she mandated masks
SPEAKER_R: correct?
SPEAKER_L: and the governor that you're talking about, he sued her. I
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: took it back eventually, like, you know, three weeks later. But he ended up suing Republican. He ended up suing her and he was just like, you know, that's
SPEAKER_R: Catherine.
SPEAKER_L: what he came out and said. Yeah, I just found out yesterday.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's just that's just blue mama. I was just fine as played the, the sort of the political angle that he's trying to come out. What are you
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: trying to sound like? You know, because in this day and age where information gets out so quickly, how can you say that you didn't? Because we all knew about asymptomatic spread. Like I said in March, we were questioning in february, but by the time March rolled around, you know, our mayor and our governor said no, all masses and you were, we will shut down. I mean, not essential businesses were shut down in March. And we're all going like, okay, you know, asymptomatic spread could could be a real thing, but but by the time it rolls around in june could be, is replaced by is a real thing. And if you are forget governor, which is a pretty high political office, any person that has connection to the Internet really should know this stuff. And I'm just
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: I'm just going,
SPEAKER_L: I'm pretty sure that he had heard it before. He didn't believe it and probably somebody he knew or something got sick or whatever and he was like, all right. So then he's just like, okay. Yeah, I just found out yesterday
SPEAKER_R: Uh you know, he didn't just find out he found it to be
SPEAKER_L: he
SPEAKER_R: believable,
SPEAKER_L: found out in March. He didn't believe it until yesterday.
SPEAKER_R: Right, right. It was comical. And we're going like, you know what? This is the reason, I mean? It's part of the reason to spread its sometimes. So, because because, I mean, well, honestly, I've had a number of these chats before, right? And it inevitably the chat always comes back to, well, this year. I like, I like to point out one thing, um, you know, when we, first of all, we're in an election year, right? Um, you
SPEAKER_L: Oh.
SPEAKER_R: know, we have all sorts of social justice riots. Um, but did you, did anybody, did anybody remember that? There was this, there were brush fires in Australia in january. You know, there was actually dominating the news headlines. And I'm just going like, you pick any one of those headlines separately in any given other given year.
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: It would have been the number one thing, right? But it just seems like everything is happening. All the shares, like,
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: I mean,
SPEAKER_L: the murder hornets. I was just watching the news and they said that the United States is uh, this is the, the worst or I don't know the most hurricane see, you know, season. This year is the worst. I mean this year has just been, excuse my language. A shit show. It's marked
SPEAKER_R: exactly. But the
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: thing,
SPEAKER_L: january.
SPEAKER_R: the thing really, the things I'm pointing to is the fact that any one of those things could have made the year, literally, this is the thing you remember about this year, but to put them all together in the same year, it's like, and that's what people felt like this year has been so wrong. Because any single one of those, I was just telling my wife because we were talking about the Australian bush fires back in uh, february, right? And we were talking about all those infomercials asking for, you know, donations. And when March rolls around, we noticed that all the ads disappeared. And I was just telling her back in april that you realize we don't see any of those adds one more. And she's like, look, we have enough problems keeping people alive. We do not have additional resources to worry about who I was.
SPEAKER_L: Did the fire is go away?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know, there there were no reporting on the fact that whether it went away or whether it is still ongoing. But I'm just saying that, you know how, you know, with a bigger headline replaces the swallow headline, anyone who's gonna beg headlines, but you know, you just get run over the next and it's like, okay, we got to talk about Covid, I mean do yourself
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: do an experiment turn on your local newscast tonight, right. And if it's an hour long and let's just say commercials take up 20 minutes because they do just look over the entire news guys, I guarantee you at least 10 minutes devoted to covid coverage at least. And that's really, that's all in the stage in an election year where coincidentally you would hear about a lot more in Georgia, right? About the they haven't recount in Georgia. Right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly.
SPEAKER_L: Well, but well the thing is, is that they have political politicized the covid virus here in America and it's, and my thought processes like the whole world got together and said, you know what, it's election year in the United States. So let's all go ahead and you know, make this covid thing. Like how can you think it's a hoax? Like the whole world got into it just so we can get trump out of office. I mean
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: soon.
SPEAKER_R: think it's almost like, wow, we're gonna shut down your economy by essentially shutting down all of ours. It's almost like, first of all, don't you think that's a little, I mean, look, I'm not saying that the american economy didn't suffer and lose a lot of money, but in retrospect, you take all the other economies that have to shut down to play this hoax on you. I mean it's like spending
SPEAKER_L: Mr
SPEAKER_R: the dollars just so the guy next he loses a guy.
SPEAKER_L: you know,
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: and these and these, you know, hundreds of thousands of people that have died. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I loved it when that's when they said uh you know, I think it was one of the, it might have been mitch McConnell who this was back in May who says that people die every year.
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I'm like, yeah, people die every year,
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: but not not not in numbers like that. And the funny thing is if you take that conversation that he had right the right then and there extrapolate to right now because right now there are actually death figures available, kind of, I mean there's about a month and a half left or the right. And they were just saying that, okay, in the normal year, in the US, we should have, you know, 800,000 deaths this year were well over a million. Guess what the difference is now?
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: I was before before I got on here I was there's this website called bored panda. And uh I was looking it's just a funny website and I consider myself a pretty moral person. But I I can't help but feel a kind of sense of satisfaction when I see these hoax did not. Are these uh covid deniers? Like there's this guy I guess he was in Alaska. He's gotta you know tattoo of trump on his arm and he's like go ahead and inject me with the virus. Well he ended up dying um from Covid, you
SPEAKER_R: well.
SPEAKER_L: know, and then you see I mean any any time I see these covid deniers who refused to wear a mask that go out and stuff and then you get the virus and then that you know the next day they're just like you guys please wear a mask. I'm like you know what your stupid were like seven months into this, I don't know how long it's been now,
SPEAKER_R: I mean, look, if
SPEAKER_L: we're like
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: 12 years into this and you still are denying it.
SPEAKER_R: if we're talking about this in maybe february or March, that would be one thing to say, okay, maybe you really still don't believe it. But when people are dropping like flies, and, you know, you're just saying that, okay, you're still not gonna believe this. And even with the ones who said, okay, we're not denying this, but you still have to live your life. Right, Okay. But that's not saying making everybody signed waivers. If you, in the way you conduct your life happened to come down with the disease, can we deny you treatment? No, that's considered inhumane. Because that's a human life. But I mean, beat as me. It's not exclusive to any state. I mean, to take us, we've been busting up these shows just last week. They bust up a wedding here that had 100 and 90 people and everybody give one tested and then about 18 tests come back positive. I'm like, okay, if we don't bust up that wedding, alright, even more people could have contracted. But we put a disclaimer at the front of wedding saying if you attend this event, it's at your own risk. You can't. You can't
SPEAKER_L: I don't have a problem with that. If a bunch of you guys want to hang out, hang out, my problem is you're infecting innocent people now.
SPEAKER_R: quickly.
SPEAKER_L: You know I got to go to the store because you know I need to get groceries but you went to a wedding last week and you
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: know I've done everything. I've I've stayed in the house since March and you went out to a wedding yesterday and then you've infected me and I'm just trying to get some food but I've done everything right and that's what pisses me off is how many innocent people have you killed?
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely.
SPEAKER_L: or you know, because
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: I've
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: been reading that even those that were asymptomatic are still having issues as far as um you know, side effects from from afterwards, even later, that's what pisses me off. But I was reading
SPEAKER_R: So,
SPEAKER_L: thing today, you know, biden he put together a a task force and the guy that's in charge of the task force, one thing that he's suggesting like I'm all for I understand people have to work but I'm all for a mandatory lockdown that if they do a mandatory lockdown for 4 to 6 weeks and
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: hey everybody weekly, I I think more people would be for that as long as you bring in money to the people, you
SPEAKER_R: well,
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: honestly, we would think about everybody was saying that No, not everybody especially trump was saying that you can't just shut things down. I'm like, wait, why can't we were eight months into this thing if we were willing to shut it down? I mean, hindsight being 2020 right? But if we're really to shut down for, like you said, a 4 to 6 week period, we're done. Seriously?
SPEAKER_L: look
SPEAKER_R: Let
SPEAKER_L: at new
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: Zealand
SPEAKER_R: right now. We're what? Four were the 30
SPEAKER_L: people
SPEAKER_R: some odd weeks? I'm just worried about 30 some. It reeks of a half hearted the economy. Or 4 to 6 weeks. Uh Really, the problem with this will have on the economy was still not shutting things down, which means that we're not right now. Look, we're getting record numbers. I mean, my wife was literally tell me because uh, you know, this comes from having experienced with stars right back in 2000 and three, which is a similar disease to Covid. It's also a respiratory disease, but no asymptomatic spread. But what they got from there was they had to wear masks, Right? So she's looking at it saying that, you know, the numbers are just shocking. And then it gets to a point where right now we're hitting numbers but she no longer has any feeling. You get numb to the fat. It's like just right
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: now we're in 100 and 31,000 cases and now it just comes the number back then there was like when we reached 10,000, we're all going like, well we better take a long look at this. But now we're into 100,000 and was saying, wait, what? We're just gonna keep on without regular that the whole point is nobody wants to sacrifice their regular lives. Well what's your other option is literally death? I mean, you really
SPEAKER_L: What,
SPEAKER_R: can't no other option here. So.
SPEAKER_L: frankly you look at 9 11 how you know a couple 1000 people die and we still never forget you know and then here these are hundreds of thousands of people are dying and we're just like yeah
SPEAKER_R: It's exactly, yeah. It's like it's
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: you guys know banging pots at seven p.m.
SPEAKER_R: Uh Oh yeah, sometimes you know what, sometimes you do hear, you do still hear those protesters every every so often, especially if you if you if you go around downtown area, you definitely hear that. So
SPEAKER_L: I was if they were still doing it.
SPEAKER_R: quite honestly look, you know, it's one thing to to be able to gather and go outside and do all that. But you know like you said, if we were to just bite because that's what it all boils down to bite the bullet, right, close this thing down and you know right now right now that's what we're playing. We are playing a game
SPEAKER_L: well.
SPEAKER_R: of you know, if the, if the cluster comes up, you have to shut the whole thing down. I mean and what I find funny here is in new york, right, we still don't have endured, well we have indoor dining but at 25% capacity. But what I think here is and that's where I I am absolutely, you know, terrified and I don't go out eating for that same reason is because right now they have outdoor
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: dining where they set up uh they used to have just set up like, you know, a barricade on the sidewalk and then we'll have a roof partially over the head, but it was still open air, right? But now we're getting colder. So everybody's saying that, okay, just put a glass, put a plastic practitioner, right? And now you're gonna put everybody and I know this because I'm in the business, we're looking for propane heaters and I just put it all together. I'm like first you have a roof over your head, then you got walls that go all the way up to set roof, you're blowing it a propane heater. How is that not endure? What the hell you could outdoor died just because you happen to be situated out in the street, but you have four walls up and a roof complete and you have a heater blowing into the place. How
SPEAKER_L: it feeds
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: the purpose.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was calling, you know, you might, you might call it a chicken, but if it boxing looks and talks like a dog called what it is, if that's indoor dining and I was just saying, you know, because uh this was fascinating because this happens a lot like around koreatown, which is right at the, like at the shadow of the Empire State Building and you've got a lot of these waiters who are just, you know, uh you know, just, you know, they're trying to get business and they say, yeah, we're opening the door and we're open outside. Like what's the difference? You know, you literally resemblance up that, you know that they have the because they were trying to prevent the code from getting in so they have and what's even worse the tent has a area where you go in and out and that area has you know a plastic wrap, a plastic piece that is MAC that is magnets on it. So when you go in actually snapshot, I was going to this is perfect. This is better than I think it's
SPEAKER_L: Work
SPEAKER_R: better than the regulator inside than it is outside free. I was just looking at a man, how do you call this outdoor dining? But
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: even know what they're doing here. Like I said I I order my groceries and everything, I don't even go outside so I don't know what the what the restaurant situation is but to me it's just a morality issue, Care about care about others. You know
SPEAKER_R: I mean I think that's
SPEAKER_L: you still
SPEAKER_R: what a mess.
SPEAKER_L: have people like I'm not wearing a man. I mean if you're wearing a mask is protecting you it's like oh my God we're in how do you not? And it's kind of like the governor,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: how do you not already know wearing a mask protects everybody else?
SPEAKER_R: No I mean just do I mean look what honestly if it doesn't protect you at least do it for others. I mean look I know it's a discomfort. It absolutely is. But
SPEAKER_L: at least you can do.
SPEAKER_R: I mean the other discomfort will be the other guy dying. I mean we're honestly discomfort or death that's that's what we're choosing here. That's those are the options were making and
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: yet
SPEAKER_L: well that are complaining. You know you ruined my thanksgiving. You ruin my christmas. I can't be with my family. Well at least you'll get to have future christmases and thanksgivings. Why are you worried about this one? You
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: know?
SPEAKER_R: not going how about this? You're not going to die. I think I know you know you have a ruin thanksgiving by your lives. You have ruined christmas but you're with.
SPEAKER_L: And you have one next year.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. And I think that's what people are really not looking enough into
SPEAKER_L: Americans
SPEAKER_R: because
SPEAKER_L: are very very selfish, very selfish.
SPEAKER_R: at this point that's honestly that's the that's the way the entire world looks at us and quite
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: frankly
SPEAKER_L: who are a joke right now?
SPEAKER_R: what quite frankly we are because think about it if every single country out there we'll pray, why are we going ahead and praising the way every single countries handle this? Because we have like what? Well it starts at the top why there was no national mandate.
SPEAKER_L: Well you know why? All
SPEAKER_R: Well I I know but we all know why. But the thing here is we kind of needed one. But you know the fact that we didn't have one is is just embarrassing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. All right. So this is my first time doing this now. What happens?
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Uh Well now we cancel the chat. We close the chat and you just go on with the survey. It's it's relatively quick. The survey is like they say. They say it's 20 minutes, but you can probably answer in 10.
SPEAKER_L: okay. Well it was nice meeting you and what's your name?
SPEAKER_R: My name is side here you are.
SPEAKER_L: Shiloh
SPEAKER_R: Asylum.
SPEAKER_L: shiloh
SPEAKER_R: Hello. Nice. Meeting you shadow.
SPEAKER_L: I mean you you have a great day. Thanks
SPEAKER_R: Take care they say.
SPEAKER_L: you too. Bye.