Uh huh. Hello how are you?
Good
that's a light.
I mean
I'm in Georgia. Yeah
instant.
Yeah it's like it's P. M.
Well I have
in front of a window but no it's it's dark outside
already.
Have you guys had snow? Yeah.
Well
I was just then I saw a pick I didn't watch the video or anything but I saw a picture of trump uh like the Arlington so it's up that's up north near your area. And uh I thought I saw snow or flakes on his um on his suit
Virginia.
yeah we had a couple of days. Well I'm like 15 minutes from Atlanta And uh we typically if if we get snow it's normally a brown april and it's for like two days. Yeah it's gone
within 24 hours.
No no it's
normally
towards the end and like I said for two days. And what happens is uh it shuts down the whole city because we're not used to it, and then it's gone, it's gone like it'll snow that morning, and typically it's gone within 24 hours.
All
Well,
well I'm a I'm a military brat, so I grew up mainly in like I grew up in Maryland for the 1st 14 years of my life, and then we moved to England and and then we moved to Georgia um at the end and I lived in colorado. So yeah, I'm used to the snow, I remember walking to the school bus stop with this, you know, snow up past my knees when
I was seven years old, so I'm used to that, but my dad retired here in Georgia. And so this is where I've been, and I just find it funny, but remember when we lived in England um It
well we do, I mean, I, we lived in a town outside of um we didn't live on base and I delivered newspapers on my bicycle, I remember the snow, but uh what's funny though is like, it would be 60 degrees and my dad, he's got, you know, because we came from up north Maryland before we moved to England and he's wearing his heavy jacket and we're walking on the beach and you see these people just like walking in shorts and, you know, enjoying that 60 degree weather and my dad's freezing.
Hello?
What?
Well, yeah, I was in Australia one year for christmas and
it's just weird because it's like, why, why is it so hot? This is not christmas? And they're like, yeah, this is christmas for us
more,
mirages.
come on.
Well I I never spent a whole year there so you know, but I yeah um I was there from like I think it is december until March,
that's yeah this summer and and everything they're like wants to kill you. Um I mean birds, they have this thing called swooping season, have you ever heard of that?
Yeah, if you're like outside during swooping season or riding a bike you got to wear a helmet because um or have you know some kind of protection because he's first just fly and they attack head. Yeah
they just swooped down and you know, can you?
they
came for you for you there? Yeah and and they chase you. Yeah it's it's pretty crazy. But I've never actually, I've been to new york but only up towards uh I can't think of where's Niagara? Is that brown?
But yeah, Niagara Falls, we went through new york but we ended up on the Canadian side. But what's that? That's the only place I've been to
Buffalo. Yeah. Buffalo, I knew it started with, so I've wanted to go to new york city but I haven't been. So
no, no, I'm not even traveling outside of my house.
What
kind
of have to be outside?
Well that's because you guys have a proactive mayor, you know,
I
don't know to Atlanta and these people, they are just
What?
well,
That's our governor.
Good mark.
Well,
I'm
not an idiot because the Atlanta mayor is a woman actually and uh
she mandated masks
and the governor that you're talking about, he sued her. I
took it back eventually, like, you know, three weeks later. But he ended up suing Republican. He ended up suing her and he was just like, you know, that's
what he came out and said. Yeah, I just found out yesterday.
what?
Well,
I'm pretty sure that he had heard it before. He didn't believe it and probably somebody he knew or something got sick or whatever and he was like, all right. So then he's just like, okay. Yeah, I just found out yesterday
he
found out in March. He didn't believe it until yesterday.
Oh.
Well.
well,
the murder hornets. I was just watching the news and they said that the United States is uh, this is the, the worst or I don't know the most hurricane see, you know, season. This year is the worst. I mean this year has just been, excuse my language. A shit show. It's marked
well
january.
Did the fire is go away?
What?
Yeah.
Well, but well the thing is, is that they have political politicized the covid virus here in America and it's, and my thought processes like the whole world got together and said, you know what, it's election year in the United States. So let's all go ahead and you know, make this covid thing. Like how can you think it's a hoax? Like the whole world got into it just so we can get trump out of office. I mean
soon.
Mr
you know,
and these and these, you know, hundreds of thousands of people that have died. Yeah.
What?
well.
I
I was before before I got on here I was there's this website called bored panda. And uh I was looking it's just a funny website and I consider myself a pretty moral person. But I I can't help but feel a kind of sense of satisfaction when I see these hoax did not. Are these uh covid deniers? Like there's this guy I guess he was in Alaska. He's gotta you know tattoo of trump on his arm and he's like go ahead and inject me with the virus. Well he ended up dying um from Covid, you
know, and then you see I mean any any time I see these covid deniers who refused to wear a mask that go out and stuff and then you get the virus and then that you know the next day they're just like you guys please wear a mask. I'm like you know what your stupid were like seven months into this, I don't know how long it's been now,
we're like
12 years into this and you still are denying it.
I don't have a problem with that. If a bunch of you guys want to hang out, hang out, my problem is you're infecting innocent people now.
You know I got to go to the store because you know I need to get groceries but you went to a wedding last week and you
know I've done everything. I've I've stayed in the house since March and you went out to a wedding yesterday and then you've infected me and I'm just trying to get some food but I've done everything right and that's what pisses me off is how many innocent people have you killed?
Or
or you know, because
I've
been reading that even those that were asymptomatic are still having issues as far as um you know, side effects from from afterwards, even later, that's what pisses me off. But I was reading
thing today, you know, biden he put together a a task force and the guy that's in charge of the task force, one thing that he's suggesting like I'm all for I understand people have to work but I'm all for a mandatory lockdown that if they do a mandatory lockdown for 4 to 6 weeks and
hey everybody weekly, I I think more people would be for that as long as you bring in money to the people, you
know?
look
at new
Zealand
people
Well
What,
frankly you look at 9 11 how you know a couple 1000 people die and we still never forget you know and then here these are hundreds of thousands of people are dying and we're just like yeah
are
you guys know banging pots at seven p.m.
I was if they were still doing it.
well.
What?
it feeds
the purpose.
Work
I don't
even know what they're doing here. Like I said I I order my groceries and everything, I don't even go outside so I don't know what the what the restaurant situation is but to me it's just a morality issue, Care about care about others. You know
you still
have people like I'm not wearing a man. I mean if you're wearing a mask is protecting you it's like oh my God we're in how do you not? And it's kind of like the governor,
how do you not already know wearing a mask protects everybody else?
at least you can do.
and
well that are complaining. You know you ruined my thanksgiving. You ruin my christmas. I can't be with my family. Well at least you'll get to have future christmases and thanksgivings. Why are you worried about this one? You
know?
And you have one next year.
Americans
are very very selfish, very selfish.
And
who are a joke right now?
Well you know why? All
Yeah. All right. So this is my first time doing this now. What happens?
okay. Well it was nice meeting you and what's your name?
Shiloh
shiloh
I mean you you have a great day. Thanks
you too. Bye.