How are you? Good? Uh huh.
You hear me?
Thank you. Time.
Mhm. From I find it uh from the bloodiest.
And I find it good one if you compare it with other side. So uh working there.
Yes. Uh uh Yeah. Um Most of my time in the survey. Mhm. I think it's hard but uh that's that's just uh available now for me. Yeah
that's
good.
Sorry.
And
yes. Are you working for two or 3 hours in a day?
Yes. All of my internet just and survey side like the flick like uh watch box I think.
And my
my my point. If you know it my points.
Uh huh. And junkie I think junkie survey junkie
and go branded.
I think every flip gives the top one.
And sorry
I am live in Louisiana. I am uh originally from Middle East. If you don't know Palestine.
Middle East. Israel Palestine. Yes, I am from Arabic area Palestine.
I am
I am a modern here. I am just from Less than about here about one year. I am here from december 2019. As you know because Covid we faced some difficult to find to find dork in my specialist My specialist effort. I am 1812 and I was working system administrator. My my original town. I mean in Palestine.
Sorry?
Yes my wife is an american citizen so he help me too. Two. Uh huh. Yeah. Come to us.
She I think she she pardon here she was here of some uh so you born here in uh in California And because my sister in Louisiana I go there. It is yeah. Mhm.
Sorry.
No, I I think it's hard because
because I think because covid 19 c as you know, most of people lost his job.
I think you uh that's good games. Because you have this
you like games. Yes.
Well Good. Right. Do
you have
my
time?
Mhm. Mhm. Yes, I am married. They have two kids 4 and two girls and boy
four and two Girls
four and the boy too.
Yes. Very difficult. Uh huh.
Sorry?
Yes, I am I t support health disk in the past. Uh As I see or as I said I am uh system administrator.
Oh yes. Yeah. Movies. Uh huh.
Uh huh And I like the Yeah uh Tony hanging uh with friends. My
wife,
my
wife helped me because my language she's language or her language better than me. So I'm sorry.
you.
Thank you. Yeah.
Just one year.
Or less than one year. Yeah,
because because Covid after before Covid I in december in the last december come here.
after I come to us, uh Covid uh oh distribute in uh huh in all state and more difficult and all people because it as you know.
Mhm uh Yeah. Yeah right um do you have advice for me in online working? I you can uh till about professional and programming with the programming coding, I try to find the any job online, but I have not for this moment.
Mhm. Oh no way, I'm sorry.
I
am
in
yes, I enjoy here, I find uh new things yeah. Uh huh.
As
you know
the weather rain and with the weather in the winters in uh sorry the weather in Louisiana uh if you know some time very bad from time to talk, this is uh one of difficult but really I enjoy here.
Yes, we are all uh uh turkey beads, yeah,
you
know
um my sister have a restaurant sam if you know some restaurant
Yes sampled. Mhm, mm hmm. What about your games?
I note that in America more of people like games
and
again
and uh some people the games take all of most of of uh them time or his time. Mhm.
Sports
football but not american football. Another one.
in our, in our language we still let football.
mm. Uh huh. And in the past I was playing uh table tennis. Him maybe.
in the past I could but I think no
and and
what
sorry,
when I was in school he was good integrity, illness. No.
Sorry?
Yes. Uh I like uh really I like yeah just once please. Your country is vast
is vast.
That's yes, yes. Yeah
you can you drive for 11 hour to hour ah and not to get your goal but all in in in Israel or in Palestine in one hour you can finish all Israel or
to our.
What?
Mhm. Really? Really? In in uh Palestine or uh just you need for for our to finish all of Palestine. But
here if
if you drive for for our there is our other land there is very very huge. Really. This is one of surprise me.
Yes I want to planning to visit California. Exactly san Francisco because mayan prayer, we're planning in a
mood. My aunt, we're planning me and my wife and my kids to visit it nearly.
Mhm. I tried to convince convince my wife to go in the car but he uh
yes I know be fair because as you know we in the winter or in the start winter so
Louisiana I find it very bad I think in other another state I think it's a better than Louisiana
uh if you know uh there is a storm. Mhm. Uh
Sometime we face the storm here.
that's really
the
the weather here I I don't see like it in all of my life. Very very uh english mm. Sorry?
yes. Yes that's that's I mean that's I mean exactly thank you for helping.
yeah baby.
too.
Thank you. Nice meeting. Nice to Me too. Thank
you.
Have you for you