Hello?
Hey do thursday?
Yeah, I can hear you can hear me nice. So uh how you doing? My name is Arthur.
How long have you been doing? Prolific.
Yeah. How many video calls have you done?
Gotcha. What about other things you do? You do other things online?
You just don't have as much time to
do
it.
I said
you don't have enough time. As much time to do it.
Okay. You said you work on two or 3 hours a day?
Oh swag bucks. Yeah.
I walk in books rough.
No, no, I don't know that one,
Survey junk. You got you? Yeah.
Oh Brandon. Which one is your favorite?
Yeah, it's a less nonsense. I think it's more straightforward. Where are you located?
So where are you located?
No, where is that?
Uh huh. Father is a, his uh it was, it was around the Middle East area for a little bit. He was doing contract work and ah he was in like um all over the Middle East I think right now. He's in Dubai. Um we work in like in an airport over there, like a mechanic. What do you do now? And uh Louisiana. Uh huh.
What you do for work?
Gotcha. That's kind of cool. How long have you been here? Just for
couple of years? How long have you been in the U. S.
For? How long? How many years?
You find it hard to ah the b. Around or have you? Well he integrated
I said that you find it hard to be here. Have you integrated pretty well.
Very hard. Yeah.
Yeah I I had to change my job. I worked in ah I worked for a doctor overnight and I changed my job, I was working in medical records and yeah I had to leave my ah Beyonce didn't want me staying there so ended up changing my job too. So.
Oh yeah yeah I play games.
yeah yeah I play games. Uh Me and my wife met playing games. So
how
did
you
and your your wife meat or uh you said you're married? Huh? How'd you guys meet?
Okay. Nice. How old?
I don't know.
That's really young man. That's a that's some responsibility. I don't have any kids of my own right now. I don't know if I would be having kids but that's good.
Not having job. Part also doesn't help. Um Well whether you uh what are you doing to pass the time with Covid and everything looking for things to do.
Ah What do you do like to pass the time? Like bobby?
Yeah. What do you what do you do besides work? Not work, no work. What do you do for fun? There we go.
Okay
I
got
that
that's fine. No
no no you speak the english way better than I speak any other language. I only know english. So that's
I'd love to speak more languages. I had like a wish would be to know I understand every language but yeah no I only know english so you know more than me so it's fine. You're doing pretty good. Uh How long have you been here? Like in the US? How many years have you been in the U. S.
Just one year wow okay
this is a bad year. There's a bad year to come to America as like
that's right before cova to that is as
Yeah. No it's it's it's been real rough before. Especially here.
Yeah. Yeah. Have you been looking at like indeed and stuff like that? To see job postings and stuff? There might be some remote word. Something you can do at home.
Yeah, I'm fine. Is it your first time being in America? What do you think of it besides before Covid? I mean it was december, january, february, like february. Covid started. You had a couple of months where it was sort of normal. What
was the first couple
of months like
the pork of it?
What do you like them? What did you like the most about? Uh,
I don't
know. Whatever.
What do you think about the food?
Have
you tried
any like, have you tried a lot of new food since you've been here?
That's cool. Yeah. She has a restaurant kind of kind of food
game Seattle up games. I've been playing games for a long time. So I like my games. Even made some little games here and there. so
Yeah. Is it not as big of a deal over there? Is it a kind of
bigger
deal here?
Did you have any sports that you like when you grow up?
Yeah. Playing sports
after? Mhm.
Yeah. America is a little backwards. Everyone calls it a football except for America. Have you been a watch any sports fucker? Yeah. Uh huh. No no.
Oh table tennis. You play table tennis? Are you any good at it?
No, not anymore. Yeah I played table tennis when I was growing up a little bit. I um
I bought like a little
thing, little table and stuff and it wasn't very
good at it.
Oh you're good. Yeah. Did you ever play competitively or anything? That's cool. What's something that you don't like about America? What's something that you haven't enjoyed since you've been here?
So what's something that you haven't enjoyed in America since you've been here was something that you don't like?
Country is what
best? Yeah it's big.
Yeah.
I
know I know. Yeah. I have a friend that lives in Ireland uh northern Ireland and and his entire area is the size of where I live. He's like in an hour. Yeah he can be anywhere. I used to drive for an hour to get to work so it's like very different. I live in texas which is huge. Texas is huge and it's if you want to go somewhere like if I wanted to go to the beach or something it's like oh half a day You know eight hours to get there the whole
thing you have to plan. Yeah it's it's huge. And then when you start driving outside of a town there isn't anything around. It's really open. Big open, empty. You know you come to small towns but like it's big and open. It's like you could drive and not see another car for hours sometimes.
It's
crazy.
Yeah it's it's really intense especially in texas, texas is a flat, not a lot of hills you can see for miles and you'll be able to see like a town like 30 40 Miles away. You can still see it, it's like so flat so you can like really take it in. Is there any places that you want to go in? America, any place that you want to visit?
there.
Yeah that's cool. San Francisco is a real rough rough area this time past couple of years with all the fires. And Francis has been getting a lot of those the fires and spend real real rough there. So hopefully they're doing okay. Can't even walk outside because of all the ash and the air and stuff. It was really bad.
That's a that's a day. That's a day drive.
How do you like the weather here?
Is it because is it raining a lot? The rain? What was bad about it?
Hurricane?
Yeah. Okay. So you got some one of those hurricanes that came through and it flooded out real bad. A lot of rain or something? Uh whenever two years ago it had a big hurricane that came through and they always hit the gulf in texas, which is where I'm at. And the rain came or two weeks it rained two weeks be at record flooding. We broke a record from 1950 something or another that flooded our house. We had to pull up all the carpet, we had to take out furniture, things was destroyed. We threw away stuff so yeah.
Who is the end
of the,
No you're fine. You're a okay it's a lot. It's probably really like it changes a lot you know it will be a little rain, it'll be sunny you know you'll get some snow.
No no no I I get what you're saying, texas is like that it will be raining and then it will be hot like hot hot and then I'll be cold. It'll change like that. Like it will change a week. It can go from three different seasons. Yeah if you go to California, California is like 70° all the time. This has the most consistent weather. It's always the same. Like texas Louisiana is like all over the place. Yeah. Yeah.
Um But uh I think her time is just about up though. So
it was it was nice meeting. Yeah I mean
and
uh I hope you have a good day.
Thank you.