What's up?
Who just talked?
All
for sure bro. I'm
Dennis.
Right now in philadelphia.
way.
Which part?
living sounds it.
go to school here and
I go to U Pana.
What about you?
Um Not originally but my parents moved there.
Uh Yeah we'll talk about parents lived at I I like I went to college at USC
um But I moved around a lot so I didn't really get a chance that he lived there. Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah I moved around a lot. I was like born in europe And then I moved to America when I was like
5
to Arizona and they moved to texas for high school and then uh college in California. Now I'm out east coast I'll be well
Yeah I'm graduates right now. Yeah
in there Yeah. Dude. Yeah. How are you? Mhm.
Nice.
And
Yeah I got you.
Like what like two months ago?
No, no.
no.
cool. That's pretty cool.
Yeah.
Pretty uh pretty lit degree right now is very in demand. Yeah.
So in undergrad I studied human bio and I'm in dental school, it's about to graduate, this is my senior year, so I'm gonna graduate next year in May.
Yeah. General medicine. Yeah. Yeah. So
it's a four year degree after undergrad.
yeah. I don't know. It's pretty random I guess. Yeah.
Maybe.
Maybe actually, maybe that's right. Yeah.
Yeah. I do like I just started back in like March. I think like a lot of online also do like enter. Just makes your money.
There you go.
Word.
I don't know. Yeah. I'm just trying to like make some more money because like my current goal is actually to retire. But that's how I'm 36, 35. I'm trying to build up my network right now. That's my goal right now. Yeah so I'm just trying to do every like lawyer dollar.
like before
they would have spent a lot of money but I think the last couple of months the last year I've been really focused on like approval being formal and like trying to save money and earn money to. Yeah.
Yes I focus
on that. So like this is what I've been doing. The other thing I've been doing is like selling shit. Not like my entire all my stuff pretty much. Yeah.
stocks right now. So I'm big on like Tesla and like a lot of E. T. F. Stuff like that.
I mean
these news Robin Hood but now all I use is T. Army trade and um yeah I used to use vanguard but all the money now is in Tr betrayed. You ever used any of that stuff?
You
want to match that out though? Yeah. You want
to?
or a regular Ira I also brought to but I put them all in my Tr betrayed. Yeah. The
You're in your flu you want
to do?
Keep
it up. Even if you don't land the first like big for whatever coming out.
My friend graduate from USC he was a double E. He wanted to switch to C. S. So he worked at Raytheon I think for a company
then he grinded and kept studying for interview. You know reading fucking shit a lot of interviews and he got into facebook like last year like
this
work it's like
it's
definitely possible you just got put in the work. Uh huh.
Um Those are like my main too. I'm also right now so I'm also I get money through, I'm in the military so I actually give her that whatever money they pay me um I invest and say because I I essentially cut all my expenses so my majority my expenses are my housing and and I go really cheap now. So I've been shopping all these really good store to really uh I'm
like eating like $20 30 a week type of so that's a year a month, it's like 100 something and I cut out eating out. So like my expenses are literally I'm saving like really high percentage and then it goes up higher once I become a doctor or dentist will be able to save you and higher. So that that's what we're doing essentially.
You
know,
You read to read it. I was like money online. Yeah.
Probably
pretty
good. I think they are, they just don't have enough studies I think usually. Yeah.
we should.
Okay. That's all. Yeah.
Oh that's cool.
We
could
not
make up your instagram page.
On
The
That's pretty interesting. Yeah. I never thought about instagram. Yeah.
Yeah, that's pretty cool. Yeah. It's kind of like, I think youtube like it's like certain channels get paid more for ads like personal finance gets actually paid a lot. Like fitness doesn't paid as much even though it might be the same amount of views. Yeah.
Yeah I kind of actually want to open up a personal finance page on YouTube. Maybe one. Yeah.
Maybe.
I think like if I, let's say I retire at 35 and 10 years they were opening up and half of.
I've got my 1st 1st yeah
things like honestly like C. S. If I don't see us, I think it's a great career. I kind of regret not doing it.
I feel like if you want to retire that's like the fastest way to retire faster,
You come out of 22 and you have a Solid income you can you can reach six figures pretty quickly. Yeah
There's nothing
here.
solid.
Defin.
With bonuses, a lot of stocks on Facebook Google and stuff get to 500 community. Yeah. Honestly, if you want to save investigates definitely retire about 30.
You're doing really good. It's very stressful. My friend said the face was very stressful. But like when you're studying, let's say in dentistry or medicine, medical school, stressful. Every type of career
is like a different dress. So You just gotta crying when you're like in your 20s and then
rick lax when you're older.
So yeah,
So I want mainly want freedom. I want to be able to just do whatever I want. I think that's true. Like happiness for me and then when I'm 36 probably I'll be chilling for one or two years. I like to go work out every day and eventually gonna start traveling my goals. Maybe we travel like eight places a year or something like that, couple weeks and then come back to my house and then once I'm in my forties I'll probably go back to school. Like the military actually pays for me to go to school. We're so we'll probably get another degree or master's degree. C. S I was considering or get another matters or just for fun. I I undergrad, I don't know.
Yeah I get paid to go to school to and then um And then after that probably I'll be in like 40s to 50s, I'll probably move back to my parents, they'll probably get older, we'll be in san Diego by then so probably hang out in san Diego, retire just like relax, enjoy my life I think.
Thinking of doing. Yeah.
Yeah.
I think one thing. Yeah, I agree. I think one thing I kind of regret was like I I think I spent a lot of money when I was younger um in my early like yeah, I think when I graduate went to europe and stuff and all these things would be fun. But uh I think I want to regret, I should have been saving investing all that time and um Because if you work really hard in your twenties when you're 30, let's say you're 30 and you already have a net worth of two million or something, you can go out and you can truly enjoy the traveling now because you're retired, you're not working. So you really do that two or three months when you're actually working your back to yourself school, you can't really truly enjoy your network is not high enough to actually fully enjoy. I don't care about anything. You can spend the money. You know,
I
think that's what, when you have the money, you can actually have that freedom to, you don't have to answer anyone. That's what I really like.
If you go, even if you go back to work, I don't have to enter the boss because it's not too I can always leave you have that kind of like don't give a fuck attitude. Probably maybe lead to more success in the career as well. Yeah.
And
Yeah, definitely. Like maybe money to a certain extent, as long as you have a certain amount, that's good enough, that doesn't really make a difference. But Yeah.
Me and my magic number is I think two million once I reached two million of like money like that will build up if I can get a 10% return. 20% return is easily 100 kids. I can live on that For the future and that's obviously grow from that two million. Yeah. So
that's my goal right now. Yeah.
That's good. And I would never buy anything with your salary by something while you're earning off of your that's the best way to buy some shit.
You know.
You
don't
Oh yeah. Yeah. It's kind of like yeah guess what amazon did at the beginning we invest a lot of their profits back into the company. Just like expense. So big.
I think
it's kind of like Tesla is not really that profitable but it's been really good. Like I don't know I'm watching the box but 100 right now. Something.
Yeah and then this is bacteria
and,
I
think that they're already ahead because they have the C. S. Technology they have all that software already. Anyone else you know
someone comes in they already light years ahead. I think they already have all the stations up and they have been developing their self I think takes time to develop the system. And I think something like they're very they're sponsored by china china has their factory. They essentially have their own factory there the country another country like china sponsors you. I think you'll be fine. I think most of them so
Oh yeah we can never guarantee things. Um I think renewable energy is definitely the future So yeah.
Just make a really innovative products, that's why a lot of tech that's innovative usually becomes any type of uh like
covid 19 type situation, you know? Yeah.
Big power of stocks is you just gotta hold it. Um It's like not a dinosaur, something you'll be fine. Well hold it and I don't really worry too much. Right.
Right.
I
don't
really agree too much with him. I think he's like he's a good investor from the old days. I think today
Is his portfolio has not beaten the s. p. He doesn't he recently bought Apple I think a couple years ago, but companies are ancient. I think you
mention stuff he doesn't know which I understand, but like today all the tech companies are the new companies.
I know. Costco is very good. I used to own it's pretty good company.
Oh they're called Ralph's Less. Okay. Yeah. He's up there. Yeah. I
didn't know that. Okay.
that's good.
That's good.
Yeah I just say like whatever you buy just hold it, don't worry and you've got to think future because like a lot of my stocks I'm not gonna touch, I'm never gonna sell it. I'm like touched only until like 60 maybe it doesn't really make a difference. Too much goes down 100 goes down 1000. Because I'm assuming in 60 years when I'm 60 like the price will be 10 X. 50 X. It doesn't make a difference to me so much how the day these days.
He
is.
I'm
not.
Oh yeah I got you.
that's pretty good.
it's pretty solid. Yeah,
I agree.
So my parents are from china. How about yourself?
well your china?
Uh Yeah. Kind of Uh
banana. Okay.
Oh.
that that's cool.
I was just
I'm
crazy.
My parents are from the Northeast like dealing like Children like next to harvey. Yeah. Uh outdoors. Yeah.
Pretty cold up there. Yeah.
yeah. I've actually never experienced the Northeast winter either but it's too cold so I don't know.
it's probably pretty cool. Right.
Ohio State's not in Cleveland. Right.
It's columbus near Dayton. No
clothes. They're in the same city.
How is that? Because like I have a potentially have an Air force base and I'm in the military may be stationed there in the future so
I
don't know.
Small town. Okay.
Boy.
No.
Okay. That's good to know.
Yeah. That's good to have a person experience because most of
my friends that don't know much about the place. Yeah.
Yeah probably so. Yeah probably also because we're both in the East Coast time to
Yeah. That's that.
Yeah it was nice chatting with you.
Being here.
Yeah I agree.
Uh Just to be close it or do we? Uh
Yeah. So just press next.
Yeah.
It's a life changing.
What's what are you investing for your 401?
Blue chip?
Okay so it's like a it's not a sector it's just like uh
good. Okay that's a good,
okay. Yeah that's fine. Well
reversion. That's fine. That's a good that's good. Okay.
Are
honestly
I don't think the entire implant matter. You don't need a dude Because
it's literally they do is like they put a percentage like bond maybe like 10% domestic international bonds. And they also do domestic stocks, international stocks. And they just they just do that percentage and they just change percentage as you get close to retirement. Honestly we have addressed the US. Market SP 500 already. So I don't think it matters. Yeah.
But
you're not gonna you know I don't think any touch bonds because also you're really young. They were
like
big data. Maybe
you
never want energy coming out where.
And.
I don't know. I think it was fine. Not
Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. But. Right. Mhm. But I recommend like reading books you'd like to read books. This is pretty good for self development.
I used to
hate me books I never read in college until I started dental school. Like last year maybe I started reading for fun just for fun before. I hated reading because it was like assignment.
you're
free
to.
But once you're on your own you can be whatever it wants. It's really nice.
I keep job. Look at the beginning of Kobe. It was really nice
to read it.
You
know?
Make
it small. Like you just read a small go like 10 pages a day and then just keep it consistent before you know, you're done with the book, live with uh steve jobs. But I read one chapter a day and after like two months of covid, I finished the book. Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm doing that right now.
Group.
Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think I do.
Um well obviously during the covid I was able to do a lot more because we have school. So My goal was during like $10-$20 a day or something. So yeah, that was like kind of my goal. But now I've tailored off because we started school again. So like today I did like a dollar or something. But yeah,
so um so
you
are just like make our clinic was completely canceled. I didn't see any patients and then we were forced to do everything online. So we had online lectures, but that's really relaxing. And then now we're to seeing patients in person. So now
we're really doing fat mass double math and we have a face shield, we have hair cover and then everything's like covered down.
Yeah.
Yeah.
man.
Oh.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Mhm, mm hmm. Mhm.
And the yeah.
And mhm, mm hmm.
Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
Mhm. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah. Oh.
mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, mm, wow. Right. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah.
Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh. Oh, alright, let's
finish.
Take it easy, man.
You too, man.