Hello? What's up, man? How's it going?
You're just doing this this for like a side hustle type shit. I feel I feel it respect it. So what do you have to do? We just talk?
All right. I mean, I just got back from work so
I'm fucking, you know, I'm fucking just killing around.
what's your name?
Dennis? I'm kevin. Where you from?
Okay. Okay. I'm not too far away. I'm in Cleveland. I'm
originally from California though, so
san Jose in the bay.
Your parents living sounds good. But what? We'll probably all in pennsylvania.
10 state or
U penn? Oh shit, respect, respect.
I want to Ohio State uh, spent there for you. So are you from the bay?
Okay. Okay. So, so we're both, we both lived there. Some shit.
All
That's cool dan. Yeah,
pretty interesting background then.
Come
on.
So you're doing well. I'm assuming bright graduate school now.
Okay, cool. That's
I mean, I was born and raised in the bay. Um,
born a race and then I
went to Ohio State, decided I wanted a little bit more independence, you know, kind of get like, you know, those daily things, like filing your own taxes are just doing your own chores or like getting your own car, that type of thing.
Right. So a little bit of those life skills, I could have just gone to a, you see. But I decided, you know, I wanted this experience a little more paid a little more than I would like to. But I graduated this last May. Uh,
yeah, not too long ago. Yeah. So, uh, studied computer science, you know,
typical asian asian thing to do is as you may know. Yeah. And then, uh, and then right now I'm at a welding company going through like an engineering training program uh to do development for them. So whatever they got to do, they got some virtual reality stuff going there, or mobile application development website to improve their e commerce sales, that
kind of that kind of stuff. Yeah.
Yeah.
How are you, man?
What are you studying?
With a doctorate.
That,
so it's dr Dennis soon. Huh? That's cool. That's cool, dude, that's that's crazy because like I didn't expect to talk somebody with so much in common, you know, with like
like I don't know, was it like targeted or like, you know when they ask for like demographics, they intentionally put
something.
Yeah. So what brought you to like doing like this? Like I'm assuming you went through prolific as well?
I got rejected from enter or
they won't they won't accept my like little thing I
call them a lot of times. They won't accept my stuff.
every cent every dollar type thing. Because
I mean.
Let's
go.
Every investing it I'm assuming like investing it.
What, what brokerage are you investing through assuming
backyard?
Um so my company does a 3% match for the four oh one K. Through fidelity. So yeah, that's a free 3% of my salary
there.
Well
I think I'm going to end up just doing an I. R. A. Through vanguard and. Yeah.
So I'm thinking of doing my regular, like my Roth ira to vanguard and maxing that out because
And
then, you know, because, you know, as a developer right now as a training, like I'm not making much I actually like, you know, I'm not someone who really likes uh you know, 1st 1st initiating the first conversation. So throughout like undergrad I was pretty anxious about applying to internships and stuff like that. So um I never really had experiences. So this was kind of like a blessing in disguise like during the pandemic and stuff like that. I was still able to get a job to get some experience. So I'm super thankful for that. Obviously it's not like a huge, you know, entry level developer job. Like you know, you a typical computer science students might have, but it's a start. So I'm looking at like bright future sort of thing. So yeah. So like
a rocket, like super
Grand.
Yeah.
that's
the
first
of all.
you know, what kind of other stuff are you like doing to like for the grind? Is it just entered prolific type stuff or?
I go to
That's crazy because
like,
because like you wouldn't expect people to really know what they're doing. Like maybe people find prolific just by stumbling upon it. Right? But like, you know, like there's people like us who have done the research and stuff like that. So it's just like
Honestly, like you nowadays, like I just browse through it maybe every couple of months or something like that. Just because like the stuff that comes out, it's not very useful most of the time, but you'll find Travis like prolific, for example. Uh
that that
come up.
like there's not enough to consistently do it, but I mean like 200 something off click worker until they didn't have enough tasks and also like they're hedging sort of, you know, their accuracy tests were like really bad. Um but like prolific, I've made, you know, a decent amount through that already, so yeah, but another thing I've been kind of doing is running an instagram page trying to like
my goal at the end of this year, maybe it's a little too hard now, but like maybe at the end of next year or by the time I like hot jobs is to develop like at least 33 forms of passive income.
so like, I actually have a friend or like now a mentor, I guess he makes 100 and four K a year, just off to dog instagram pages just doing features and stuff like that. So
I've been kind of like growing my page in two weeks. I got my 1st 1000 followers on my dog page. So you know, just kind of kind of
on the grind
on
that.
It's just dogs. Yeah. So like you look for like more expensive dog knishes. So like you think that golden retrievers very popular, they get a lot of followers, right? So like there are like millions of followers accounts
for golden retrievers, but they actually don't make that much money. Most of the money they make are like uh sponsorships and stuff like that. But people aren't going to reach out to you because it's such a saturated market. If I wanted to show off my dog, right? I want people to see it right in a saturated market, you're going to have them thousands and thousands of instagram posts about golden retrievers that once you post something, it's going to get flushed down. Like for like recent posts and stuff like that. So people will actually see it. Another thing is that golden retrievers are kind of like slightly on the cheaper end of dogs. You can probably get one for like 100 bucks from the right leader. So yeah, the people who kind of like by these, by these dogs, they are people who just want a dog or like want a companion. They don't care about the whatever they just want to buy the dog. Other people who, let's say
for example, like a bichon Frise say right? Um, they're willing to shell out like $1.5,000 for a particular breed of dog. So these are the people who are maybe more likely to spend money on a feature or something like feature their post. And eventually so many people are contacting for contacting for features or multiple features that your content just ends up being re posting their pictures or re posting their photos that they're paying you to put on so you just schedule them and they pay you and you just rake in the cash. Yeah.
like, you know, not only that, but like think of like the next social media that's upcoming, you know like out Tiktok is huge, but like me, you know with the whole like security stuff that's going on, I don't know, you know how well that's going to go right? But you know the next thing that's similar to instagram or similar to facebook or similar to twitter that comes up, start like a niche, niche dog page or start a niche something page and and get on that fast. Yeah,
Yeah. It all depends on like how much the advertisers are willing to sell and who's willing to shell out the money.
maybe because
you're kind of learning on it you know?
you can make your click click click title, Doctor retired at 35.
would be awesome.
Are.
yeah because you can jump into the workforce fast too.
I think
of entry
levels, a lot of entry level jobs that my friends got were around 110, Right.
Yeah and then you stay there for a couple of years. You hop jobs get a senior engineer position, you're looking at 300K. Maybe.
So.
Right. Like you were saying like they're giving you stocks and the stocks are kidding you aren't chumps stocks like their their facebook google stocks. Right.
What?
That is true.
Right? So when you when you retire, what do you plan on doing? Like what
do you want to retire that early?
like business or business or something.
Yeah, that makes sense.
I think, I think our goals are like super similar, you know what I mean? I do think they differ a little bit but like my my my like dream or like you know my I feel like my purpose in life is like, especially with this quarantine kind of cutting off plans after graduation, you know, like typically after graduation everybody goes on like the big vacation or whatever, right? Like I didn't get to experience any of that, right? And I only had a month. So um like one of the biggest things I want to do is just go with like maybe like a small group of friends, like 56 people. And we just take like a trip to like the, like big spots in Asia, you know, like Singapore, japan Korea and and really get to like soak up everything, you know, like not just like a measly two weeks, they're like take 23 months in each country, right?
And then like when you go there not to like skimp out on the adventures, you know, like whether it's really, really expensive food, I want to be able to experience it or whatnot. So that's why I'm kind of on the grind, you know, I got that like retirement mindset, but at the same time I still want to make enough money where I can afford like a trip like that because I don't want to do that when I'm in my forties, fifties, right. I still want to do that when I'm in my late twenties. Early thirties. Yeah.
Yeah. That's the power of compound
interest.
No.
hmm. Yeah. And, and, and people are always like, you know, money is not everything, but like if money is not everything what, you know what it is because like you're getting the money to secure that portion of your life where you can have that freedom to appreciate everything else. That's not money. You know what I mean? Having to constantly have it in the back of your mind reminding you that rents due next month, you know, just having
the ability, like you said, it's freedom is super dope to me.
Like Jeff Bezos amount like I'm not going to be able to spend that much in my lifetime. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. I think right now it's just make as much as I can see where I'm at and you know just like a salary wise just make as much as you can write to do the best you can and that's the most amount of money you're gonna make and passive income if I can reinvest my passive income then.
Yeah. Exactly. Because like I actually watched a video and they're like these 15 year olds who run like 1.5 million follower mean pages you know And I'm like how does a 15 year old kid do that? You know when like I've been researching this stuff
And you know I have like I'm struggling to grow as quickly as he is and he literally just just pays for like ads and shout outs, he works like a part time job and you know when you're 15 you don't have rent to pay, you don't have bills to pay
so
why whatever you want, right? So you just buy shout outs and it's an investment that you know maybe he didn't really think too much about but he just worked for him, you know, so it's kind of crazy like how much reinvesting that money can can do.
yeah, I mean like twitter for example like they weren't even profitable until like last year or something like that. Yeah.
So
Yeah, I mean just just like A few weeks ago it felt like it was still just hovering around that 700 800 mark.
Again and nobody thought
it would because it was once they hit 900 it was crashing back down to 500 and people thought it was like all over. But it's crazy like like I'm not too hot on Tesla just because you know like I don't know if they're going to have competitors in the future or like I don't know. Yeah I'm not too hot and totally
just
but
Yeah that is true. It's just weird because you never know what's gonna happen. Especially.
Yeah for sure like I hate driving personally so if they can get that like you know self driving car shit down for everybody. You know at first it will be safe for everyone and if they can perfect it and number two I want to drive I won't have to worry about it would be really easy to get from point A to point B. Yeah.
Yeah.
even GoPro like initially there are high because like that's an innovative technology even though like they've crashed down and stuff like that at the moment. You know if you were kind of track and GoPro before it blew up like you make a lot of money to. Okay.
I have looked like I have like 200 bucks and Robin Hood as play money basically. Yeah.
I just basically put like I bought like four stocks in Kroger just just like Warren Buffett bought like a billion of them. Yeah. I was just like, You know, he's smart long term investors like four
of
them.
Yeah, that's true.
is true.
Yeah. But one thing I did like was I did analyze like wal mart for example, and I think Costco, these like grocery companies are actually just kind of steadily climbing very, very slowly.
Right. And so like program is a very big staple, like especially in the east and they think they're called Ralph's in the west.
So
yeah, so like they're actually, they own a lot of, a lot of these grocery stores. So that's why I'm kind of hot that I was kind of hot on them just because, you know, if they kind of become like a bigger, you know, I guess like a company in the grocery industry and it follows the Costco and walmart trend. You know, you're kind of looking at long term steady climb while collecting dividends as well. Right? Yeah.
So
that was kind of the idea.
I just think I didn't actually think this prolific study was going to be like, I thought it was pretty cringe like I was going to like sit here and just be like not be able to talk to talk about anything like you know like what if
I talk
to somebody who's just like first off they just wanted to talk about the covid and the political stuff
behind
it, you know? Like I would I would want to leave instantly, you know?
Yeah, but like I think they're reimbursing us like 15, 14 bucks like
For like 25 minutes. That's pretty okay. Good.
Yeah. That's
really, really yeah. So wait, just a quick question. What's your background?
Yeah. My parents are from china as well. Um
um So the, are you fluent?
so my parents are from Konin province.
Yeah, so like my dad's from changzhou. My mom's from Fuyang. Um Right now my uncle currently lives in Beijing. Um
And he's actually like an actor and my step mom is like semi famous actress. Like she's like famous to the boomer people, you know what I mean? Yeah. Um So I get to experience some pretty cool shit when I go back to china. Uh
Yeah, but I mean other than that, like they're kind of a mess, you know what I mean? How like you think like it was really cool to be, you know related to a celebrity or even like a semi celebrity. They came here and they went to a hospital to like because they were having trouble getting a baby or something like that. They wanted to, you know? And then like they wanted their money back or something because they ended up not going through with it. Which the hospital was totally okay with doing. They just needed to wait and she just flipped and she doesn't speak english. So she just yelling in chinese like like swearing at them or something and she's calling
it home is here in the background so you
know.
Yeah. Kind of a dysfunctional, you know, relative family tree there. But yeah. Pretty you know that. Yeah. How about you?
Yeah.
Dude, I need to experience chinese winters for sure.
Yeah. But I mean if it's appear to no.
Yeah like I don't know but I'm looking kind of looking forward it to it but also not really looking forward to scraping ice off my car car windows.
Now it's in columbus but also recently we're beginning warm winters. Yeah.
it is. It is.
It's like next to it. so like if they don't hear of columbus is here.
so
columbus
a nice little town you know?
Did you go out and look for stuff to do and actually explore the city. It's a good place to be. As for me I was just there for university, you know like not really a good reliable way to travel, you know or you know, so it's also like close to, you can just go to Chicago whenever you want or like
go to new york or like
go up to Toronto, head down to D. C. Right? There's like it's kind of like in that middle there's nothing actually there but it's close enough to the places that are.
But um so that's the general gist. Um It's really just like a college to me it was a college town or a city but there's definitely a lot of corporate around there as well. Yeah.
Preacher.
Dude that's crazy because that's a crazy coincidence, you know what I mean? But like they might just be doing some demographic shit and like connecting us based on background and location,
right? It's hard for you.
Yeah. Okay. I mean, I don't want to say like this time up, but like I don't want to like take any of your time because you're on the,
That was nice. You know, 25 minutes really flew by so I'm
again and shit like that.
I just want to make sure how do we, how do we get up? You know, do this safely so we don't,
So you should see a timer below this text. You can use it. Keep track how long you've had it mindset like 30 minutes.
I think so. Keep out of the car. Ok. Yeah, I'm going to press next. Let's stay on this until until uh. no issues. Quality was good partner showed up. We had a track at least 25 minutes. That seems right. How many minutes did the conversation last? I'm gonna say around 30. Uh
And then
I was I mean it was I'd say not like getting amazing. Right? Pretty fucking good, extremely positive I guess. Right.
Um Blue chip
because blue chips got like Microsoft, you know, it's gon Apple or like all the big big tech companies.
It's yeah, it's a lot of like domestic stock that's involved in a hair salon and stuff like that. So
safe stuff.
then I have like 20% in the S&P. fidelity on your end.
And I have 10% in Vanguard. Which is I guess
like some like investment plan
for you too.
But
So yeah I'm just like diversifying it
just to divert.
That
is great.
Yeah that is true. That is true. Uh Do I feel low energy? I mean I don't feel low energy. I was I just came off work so I was
feeling like
well I mean like I didn't want to go like here like you know like fucking no
energy type shit. The you know the conversation would be really really awkward. Sure. Mhm. Hello? Energy. Uh I mean these are basically the same questions at the worst moment of the conversation. What do you think was the worst moment of our conversation?
I'm just gonna play extremely positive or something like that because there is really no worst moment. Mhm.
I should man. But
I.
Yeah I I hated reading to before. I you know when I was in middle school I read like fiction, fiction and stuff or even non fiction now I hate reading ever since you were forced to like read in high
school and stuff
like
that.
baby.
I
should, I should. Yeah I'll try and get back into it just because like you know like maybe it'll help me like just force myself to concentrate on something
because
you know I have like I get really distracted or super easily so maybe having a book to read instead of scrolling through my phone at night, right before bed would be would be something good
to do.
Yeah that's what I heard like um
that's what people did. They would read like a few pages and by the end of it they just finished the book. So 50 words. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh man. Okay. Okay. Um Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Government.
Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. You know? Mhm. Yeah mm. Yes. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. How much time do you invest in like entered and stuff like that?
But it isn't doing PhD like during during phobic kind of tough
or you're
awful.
you have to do like the masks and everything like that?
Yeah. Your stuff serious? Yeah.
My work, my job, I have to be there on in person as well. Yeah. So
we just wear the regular math. Like I got one here, you know just to the northwest Actually today like like three hours ago they announced that somebody's relative had come up during the June four of July a coworker of ours. And he was quarantined because they test his relative tested positive for Corona. So you know I was supposed to like hang out with some people today you know with just the co workers because you know generally we know we're safe and we've already tested um you know pre work but um you know everything is canceled and stuff like that you
know? But you know take the week off and uh maybe get something to loosen up. Mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm.
Right. Yeah.
Mhm. Mhm. Oh
Right.
Yeah.
Mhm.
Mhm. Yeah.
So, yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
All
right. Sounds good. I'll catch you later though. All
right. You too. All right. Good luck and good luck on your ventures
party.