Hey, how's it going?
I'm doing well,
sure. Yeah, I'm going to find a good spot.
It's probably as good as any right now.
Yeah. Okay.
What I'm john nice to meet you my house.
unsuccessfully a couple of times and then uh I had my first successful one on uh maybe last friday. Yeah.
I have one scheduled for yesterday where the person didn't show up.
The one that I did get successfully paired with was uh was a female, she was young like 18, 19, like just recently graduated high school. Um
It
was kind of interesting.
Yeah, are you doing this through a prolific Yeah.
How
long
have you been doing that?
Yeah. Um I found out about it probably
a year ago um I think it was on Reddit or something and somebody asked what an easy way to make money extra money that doesn't require any skill. Um And somebody mentioned prolific and I looked into it and I was like, yeah, why not? So after the kids go to bed and we're just kind of edging out watching tv, I'll pull it up and see what's going on and um a couple of months it's, it's helped bridge
the gap when we were going to be a little bit short and the rest of the time it's nice to have is spending money. Yeah,
I'm from Portland Oregon. Yeah. Where are you?
Another
huge
beard, Another huge beer scene.
I've heard great things about Asheville,
in the per capita I think I've heard yeah,
There's
they're, it's, it's a great scene in Portland, It's changing a lot. Like some of the original founding breweries have closed or drastically restructured and changed. Um I don't know if you've heard of Widmer Brothers um but they were kind of one of the first to really get big in the Portland area. Um They've got a half of is in that um it's really popular and they shut down their their um tap room. Uh Yeah and there's still,
they're still
producing
uh no it was pre covid, but um you know, I think they were
just struggling to stay relevant and you know, stay on the front edge of things and which is kind of you know, kind of scary and sad for a company that had so much money at their disposal. Um But
Yeah,
if you're spending someone else's money I guess, why not? Uh huh.
Uh
We're actually, yeah, so I was born and raised in Portland um and we're on vacation right now, we have a family vacation house, so I'm actually on the on the coast um a small little town called Lincoln City but I mean I don't know if you can see this because of the glare and stuff but this
is like as oceanfront as it gets.
No it's amazing. So we've been we came down here saturday and we're leaving sunday. So yeah we've had some decent weather, it stays cool on the coast. Um I mean it was like high sixties yesterday but like it felt like the upper seventies just because the sun's beating down on you and there's a breeze and yeah
come on.
Yeah I would I would recommend a trip out to Oregon and uh there's another town bend which is in central Oregon. So
it's it's about a 33 hour drive from Portland. But one of my favorite places in the state in the summer it's high desert. So it's it gets hot but it's dry and um there's just a fresh like crisp juniper smell in the air, there's a ton of juniper there and um a lot of breweries were there to Deschutes is uh
yeah they're there headquarters is invent, that's where they started.
Yeah. Uh We in Portland you know in the summer will usually get a string of days like a week where it'll get up to 90 maybe hit 100 once or twice. Um And in the winter it's more the rain like that's the hardest part for me, like it's it's wet, it's gray, it's dreary. Um Well usually get a day or two of snow but we actually get more ice in the city than snow which makes it really hard to get around. Yeah.
Yeah.
Well.
Yeah. Yeah I've had fun this summer. Um I bought a kayak last summer, little inflatable one um
and
been getting out on the on the lakes and just having a blast.
huh.
What kind of work do you do?
So you do that on your own or do you work for a company or?
I'm an elementary school teacher, so
I'm on on summer break right now. Um and we're kind of trying to recuperate and get our heads wrapped around how we're going to go back in in the fall,
it's going to be online. Yeah, so the the plan was initially to start with a hybrid model where they had kindergarten, 1st, 2nd and 3rd grade coming in four days a week. Um And just in cohorts spaced out throughout the building. Um And they were going to have us rotate through the different cohorts of kids to teach different lessons and subjects and stuff. Um But just logistically I don't think it ever was going to work because we were still interacting with all the kids and then cross contaminating them. And so yeah the uh the governor announced last just last week um Some pretty strict mandates and requirements that had to be met. Two.
it sounds big. What kind is he?
jeez. Good sized dog.
Yeah it's just chihuahuas you need to look out for. I
don't want to have something to prove.
Yeah. Um Yeah so there's the governor put all these requirements in place to where it's based on the population of your county. But you need to have your cases. Total cases need to be below a certain threshold and that's based on a percentage of your county population. You can't have any fatalities and you have to hit those numbers for three consecutive weeks. So I
mean,
No, no, I mean they're still way way high right now, so I would be surprised if we go back before january. They've kind of set a tentative date of kind of the middle of november, but I don't know.
Yeah. And I was telling somebody to like the biggest, yeah, the biggest one of the biggest parts of being a teacher is just building and establishing that community in your classroom and that's really what the first two or three weeks of school is, is just getting to know the kids, them getting to know you, building that trust and building
that relationship and I don't know if that's going to even be possible really online. So
we'll
see.
Uh Yeah, so a friend of mine I guess got really sick at the end of february and um, didn't know what it was at the time, but it was, you know, had all the classic symptoms and has since gotten the antibody test and tested positive for the antibodies. Um, but then, oddly enough, like, his wife got sick at the exact same time with the exact same symptoms and she tested negative for the antibodies. So
I've
heard that the test is um, is really unreliable. So yeah, and we were just last uh or a week ago, monday we were up had gone up to a lake for the day and stopped in this small little town and had dinner at this mexican restaurant um and found out four or five days later that somebody in the kitchen staff had tested positive for it and the restaurant wouldn't confirm or deny that they were working that day, but just said like, you know, if you feel like you should go get tested, go get tested. Um Which was a little unnerving at first. Um You know because I was all my whole family's there, my wife and I got a a five year old and a 10 year old. Um
And so it was a little sobering. The late bill. Like okay this
could
be a thing, but luckily we've we've all made it this far with no no symptoms and Yeah.
What?
huh.
jeez.
Yeah.
Getting on.
This
is.
And
so she was asymptomatic for for a week. She had no symptoms for a week and they just cleared her to go back.
weeks, Okay.
yeah. So it's so crazy that like how it affects different people and how it doesn't affect some people and. Yeah.
Yeah. That was the lady that they said at the restaurant didn't have any symptoms, but she ended up getting a test because somebody she worked with at another job tested positive. So I don't know, it's uh it's changed a lot, a lot of stuff.
Good for you,
Are getting home?
Well, I mean, I think, yeah, it's unfortunate that it's causing you to work so much more, so much stress for you, but on one hand I think it's a sign that the economy is slowly coming back and you know, maybe it won't be as dire as, as everyone thought it would be
Mother
can
be
proud
of.
Um She like you was actually working from home before this anyway. Um a like a second cousin of hers, um Her husband is a social security disability lawyer and so my wife helps them, she's a legal assistant and does medical records requests and helps manage cases as they move through the process and keeps all the dates coordinated and appeals and stuff like that. So yeah, it was, it was tough for her to kind of integrate us into what she does because like I said, I've got a five year old and a 10 year old and five year olds, all boy bouncing
off the walls, shooting nerf guns all over the place. And uh my daughter is the exact exact opposite. She's very quiet.
Um, yeah, I would rather just be in a room reading the book or coloring or drawing and so they don't always get along and so like my wife would be on phone calls and they'd be in the background arguing. And uh, last summer it was fine because, you know, she, she just works part time, so she works like eight to noon, 8 to 1 and last summer, you know, load them up, take them to a park at about mine after they had some breakfast and we'd be out for the bulk of the day and she was able to get her stuff done and then now we're not even able to go to the parks, so it's, it's been an adjustment, so
okay, they're not as closed as they were. Um
like they've got technically they're open because they're doing the summer lunch programs and stuff at them, but they have signs up like trying to dissuade people to stay off of the climbing structures and things like that. Um But you
know, people are, yeah, people aren't following the
science.
We just got a little caution tape and the kids are
like,
it's not
going to stop
us.
I can do better than that.
Yeah. We were visiting family down in Palm Springs California when this all kind of hit, and we
it was the week before spring break, so um I had taken a couple extra days and they announced that they were going to cancel the remaining days. Uh or no, I'm sorry. They extended spring break an extra week. Um And we were down there visiting my grandparents and we thought, you know, we're here the airlines letting us change our tickets free of charge. So we extended our stay a couple of days um And flew home on ST Patrick's day um And then laid low for for a couple of weeks. And um yeah we haven't really been doing much the groceries, we've all done the online ordering, we just haven't put it in the back of your car. And yeah and then you know, we did go out to the restaurant and we're like of course the one time we choose to go out like this is what we're rewarded with. Uh we've kind of reeled it back in.
Yeah. I I get out once a day either for a walk or drive and just to get a change of scenery. Mhm. But.
Yeah. Well I was gonna ask you real quick, what's your favorite brewery in Nashville? Yeah.
burial. And
then
we can
wicked weed W. E. D. Okay.
Yeah we've got an A. B. Inbev distribution center like a mile and a half from my house and I'll go down there and get doc sale stuff so I'll keep an eye out for him because they'll probably start getting their stuff fairly soon I would think.
Uh So in Portland uh they don't distribute but it's called great notion.
And
you should yeah check out their website. The stuff that they do with beer is unbelievable some of the flavors that they're able to get in their beers. And um they've got a I'm not a huge sour fan but they've got a blueberries power that tastes like that Jiffy blueberry muffin mix. Like they like they just dumped like a truckload of it in the beer. It's it's really cool. Um They do a breakfast out called double stack which is um maple syrup coffee in a in a stout and then they've got triple stack where they'll like bump the A. B. B. Up. Um Yeah
the cans
have really cool artwork on them.
Yeah they do they do a lot of hazy as to uh Yeah.
Yeah. They just built out there like relatively recently. Right.
Right. Does did stone build a place out there too?
No
come
on.
Yeah we have good stuff. Yeah. Check out great notions website. They've they've got really
cool stuff. Um And then I think for like you know if I'm just in the store and going to grab a six pack two shoots is probably
yeah near and dear to my heart
No they make good stuff too though. Yeah.
Sounds good. Nice
talking
with my house.
Thanks you too. Bye.