Oh yeah, yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. No. Yeah. Okay. What happened? Mm hmm. Oh, mm. Mhm.
Good man. How are you?
Let me uh let me get this set up real quick. Okay.
All right. Sounds good. Mm. Um Yeah.
Give me one minute reading a mel for work. All right.
Um miles.
Good to meet you, john uh you ever done this?
This is my third time. So it seems to go pretty easy first time ever. I was actually curious of this today. I was like, I wonder if they're going to pair me with a female because they always have on the other ones. Some curious. But yeah,
Senator.
the
sound
Yeah, I've had a couple like that, but cool.
I don't
want
outward
and I guess six months maybe. So I work from home. I'm actually in my office right now, but so I work from home and I just figured why I'm working, why not get paid to do other stuff. Like it just made sense to me and really hasn't mess with my work any. So great. Some of these, you know, little things are kind of interesting. So
what?
No,
Yeah, pretty easy. What, what state are you from?
Asheville? North Carolina. Yeah, I
put it,
it's like
huge beer stain. So I just moved here like two years ago from Dallas to living there in my whole life. But one of the reasons why I moved here was because of the huge were seen, but as far as states and cities like Portland is like my number one, I've always wanted to go there and never gotten a chance. So
it's cool. It's uh it's pretty laid back. I mean we have, who knows how many breweries, like I think you're actually beat us a little bit and the amount of breweries you have.
I think you are like number one, I think actual might even be number two, so that's
what our home Yeah.
Because
of
all this?
Well
I mean we still have new ones popping up even even right now, we actually have what still opening, which is kind of crazy to me, but Mhm
Mhm
Uh
huh
man,
you can't beat it,
I think it's probably 75 here, but you know we've been getting
a ton of rain right now, then the first day it's kind of cleared up but I think there's a hurricane or something uh so yeah, we've been getting a ton of rain but
I know,
The sheets, I know the sheets,
Okay, nice. Actually, like Portland would be one of the places I'd want to live, like if I wasn't going to Nashville, but I can't do cold weather at all. So like actual actually has the most temperate climate that doesn't go too high or too low, it's a perfect in texas, I was burning up uh here, it's pretty good, but I can't I can't do cold weather whatsoever.
uh
in Dallas, I mean we never really got snow but it was always ice, I mean we had ice a
ton, that's crazy. We we get a little bit of snow up here, but like I'm in the center of like mountains that surround us, it's perfect because I I snowboard and I just go up, drive an hour, maybe two at the most to get to a nicer place and just snowboard and that's about the only cold weather I can stand but actually does have a lot more rain than I ever thought. Yeah, and I'm kind of the same way, like, that kind of puts a damper on my spirits per se. Like it's just, I'm a good weather guy, like, want to be outside all the time. Uh you know, sports or anything like that, like everything's outside for me here, so.
yeah,
I'm,
yeah, we uh we have a river that flows through here, uh that's pretty popular, but we gotta kayaks and everything and uh
yeah, I think I've went probably five or six times already this year. We do mountain biking. Um this is real popular and I ride motorcycles and anything else that's in that vein of, you know, fun, this. Yeah,
I work for logistics company as a freight broker. I negotiates rates to move corporations rate. So whenever you said bend Oregon, I'm like, yeah, I know, I know exactly what's that? Because I move all over the United States. So the rate for, you know, companies. Yeah,
I work for a company. I've been doing it 11 years. Uh, I've been with this company I think six or seven, but like two years ago I told them that I wanted to move and either I was going to have to quit or they could let me try working from home. And they said, all right, we'll give you a year to work from home. Let's see how this works out for you. And here I am two years later. And like, they're actually happier with me here. So I do more work like whenever I'm at home, because like, to be honest right now I'm in front of my like computer desk so I'm like I'll look at this email right here at 6:10 p.m. You know? So what about what?
No.
I was gonna say are you all even gonna have school or is it gonna be online?
for my dogs. Uh huh. Sorry
Rhodesian Ridgeback, it's called the Lion Hunters. If you look them up to a point fight lions actually hold back lion from the tribe. She's like £115.
Yeah and she's she's like really sweet it sounds like she's terrifying. She only bars if somebody comes up to my door so. Yeah.
that's correct. Yeah.
That includes your,
been making
it yet.
Yeah. My my niece and nephew, I think that's what they're going to. They're in texas I think they're going to be online. Um So it'll be interesting to see how that works. Like I'm more think like if you're going to be like kids, if this has to happen like more often being taught online or where you have to send it out like like I felt like socially and I don't know they need that interaction whenever they're young and they're not going to have that. So I kind of find it, we wonder what it will do, you know?
True.
That
sounds
pretty, pretty crazy. Have you known anybody who's gotten Covid?
No.
Well
You're right.
Thank
you.
Well
uh I guess it's been a week now that it's been clear my mom works for a nursing home, she's a
bookkeeper there, she's 70 years old, she doesn't, my dad's retired, She doesn't need to work or anything like that. I mean everything's paid off and all that. But that that three confirmed cases there at
her work. And like I was talking to her and we got into an argument, I was like, just quit. Like ask him if you can work from home. She told me they said no. Um
you know, I was like, well just um just quit. You know, this is kind of stupid. Uh like, you know, like, what am I gonna do at home? Like she likes to work. She's just one of those people that doesn't and she's like, I'm taking all my precautions, I'm doing all this. So she had on gloves or in 95 mask. They shut off the hall to the other one. But she decided to go
her work wouldn't let her have a test. They wouldn't pay for a test. So she just went to a private care. She had no symptoms, but she was around that person that did haven't, you know, one of them and she came
back
positive with it. Um, which was terrifying. My mom's older, like not in the best shape and like, and it's been a super hard, you know, a couple of weeks for me, but so, so yeah, she, you know, has been home and she has had no symptoms, like I called and check on her each day and she's like, you can, you can stop calling me, I'm fine, I'll let you know, I'll even call him alright. But yeah, she got cleared by the health department to go back to work and never had anything. My dad, you know, they're still together, like he hasn't gotten anything but no symptoms. She even had to test done and then both came back,
posit
two weeks. Two weeks.
Yeah. They let her go back.
Yeah. I mean that right there can show you like you can have it and you know, possibly even passing around, like my dad might even have it as far as we know is staying home, you know? But kind of crazy.
Yeah. When it first happened, like, pretty well thought I was out of work, like everybody stopped shipping unless you were like, shipping toilet paper, like there was nothing yet. Um and I was like waiting for lay off staff. And so I was like, you know what, like here, where it goes, but oddly enough, it just kind of kept rolling. My, I got a fairly good company and uh, like now it's so busy, like I'm overwhelmed by both work. I can't even work so much stuff that it's just ridiculous. All that stuff that was backed up is now just releasing and you know frank that you never thought of has to go places, you know, like every single that you see came on trump. So in the last two or three weeks my normally
work eight hours a day, I've been working 10 to 12 quite on stop. So it's been, it's been pretty ridiculous.
But
sure. I mean like at first like, you know, I was just praying like, hey, like I just want my job. Like keep my job and now I'm like, well
I'm
with
and
I'm like,
oh my gosh, but you know, I mean, I can't complain too much. Like I am one of the few that does have a job, so Yeah, but what does your wife do?
And
it
sure. All right. Our dollars parts like all closed.
Thank you.
saying,
they
have here they have like the play like the one that I walked past with my dog, like it's wrapped up with like cellophane or something. So, you know. But uh yeah, you know,
it
looks like
they
go
underneath and climb on. Yeah.
All right. Uh It hasn't been so bad and I've actually I haven't been out too much. I've seen these last two weeks is the first time that I've really been out maybe. Um I went to a restaurant once twice and I went to a couple of breweries, so so yeah, I've been keeping at home
or
Sure. Yeah, it's actually do really well at home by myself. So like I've got plenty to do here projects and stuff and I've always just kind of been that type of person, but you know, I'd still like to go out like once a week, you know, have some dear friends dinner and stuff. So you know, it hasn't been horrible for me. Like my brother who is just like needs to be out, you know, two or three times a week, you know? But yeah, it's been fairly easy.
I would enter 25.
that's a good question. Um so this one just sold to one of the big um what is Anheuser Busch maybe about it? But wicked weed is pretty good. And burial probably burial.
about
your
word?
just sold hazard bush. But
Yeah. What uh, what's your favorite up there? I look for some mirrors down here.
Great
notes.
Every
group.
I'm a big guy like, like, you know, that's sadly once I got on that hook I kind of haven't fallen off. So I mean, I'll try the beer so I'm like, I need my ps again, you know?
Yeah. We have. I'm sure you had the sierra Nevada. So that's here in my backyard and their facility is massive.
Yeah. We've been um I think it's been out there three or four years, but we go to a lot of their events that they have. And I mean you wouldn't believe how big this place is and like kind of parties they throw. I mean it's crazy. But yeah, they, you know, at first I was kind of turned off by them. Like they're really well known. I was just like, yeah. And now I'm like, they made some good beers, you know? No wonder they so big so fast, so
No,
I noticed
them,
but we don't we don't have it here. We like stone along. But
I'm laura
your shoe. Yeah.
Um Where's dogfish head? Out of Maryland? Okay. Well, that's yeah. Some reason we think in Portland for some odd reason.
wow. Well, cool, man. I'm I'm gonna get gone. I'm gonna answer a couple of emails and take my dog on a walk.
It
was
very nice talking to you. Good luck to you and your family. All right.