Hello. Just make sure my settings are just so I can hear you.
I'm castile. Yeah. C. S. T. I. A. L.
And
you.
Darren.
Nice me turn
let's say like Austin
center
of
texas. Who?
All
right, yep. But so now I'm trying
to Oklahoma is
I unfortunately have been to Oklahoma actually probably drove through it once or twice.
I mean well I mean I've never been to probably unfortunately I've never been to Oklahoma but then I stopped myself because I realized I probably drove through it once or twice. But like I've never actually stayed anywhere in Oklahoma. Yeah. Mhm. It's making
me
want to pull
up a map just like let's see across any major cities or
look perfect.
it's gonna say
that.
Absolutely.
shit.
I
see
you
put
that. Uh No. Six.
Yeah. Well I did the they had a run when the four at that time and then two more this time so.
one,
They probably
needed
wide
like.
Yeah for the amount of time you do. Absolutely it is but I've come across a couple surveys they're like hey here's 30 bucks but it's going to take you three hours to do.
And there also are a few other ones There there are a few other ones that also pay around 10-20. But they also have you download AX. separate client because they want to track like a millisecond response times and things like that.
Maybe two months now. three not
to
hoard
belong but yeah I'm always on my computer though so I've done a lot of different studies.
Well it's better than the other ones I've looked at which pay like three cents for 30 minutes of your time.
No it's just like God survey snap or something like that. They're just a bunch of them that I can check right now because I signed up for you and then just,
you know, threw them away.
No
swag
bucks,
Reddit scrolling the internet looking like stuff and so it goes, hey check out the beer money sub shows different ways to earn like pocket change and then Yeah.
mm. Yeah, unfortunately still apply to you, but since I'm in the middle of Austin, we have UTI right there and they actually do a bunch of studies as well which you can sign up for it and they probably like driving a person to walk in and they pay way better, but the current state of the world, they're not doing it right now, but when they were it was interesting
yeah, hobby I guess more than anything.
I
find
of these
uh sorry go ahead.
No, I've had to bring them assortment of people
I've had a 5050 about.
Help me to say that, but I feel like I blinked out 15 band, I'm 20 scared of blinking again before you know it.
What?
Whole life could I've also very rarely traveled outside of texas as well. Mhm.
Partly
because
when
I
know
I'm probably gonna go somewhere else eventually, but don't know where or when.
Yeah, California is.
Well thank you. Um Yeah, it's interesting California is that small place I've thought of, but honestly I feel like if I want to move somewhere I kind of want to go big like move to europe or Asia or somewhere like that,
I've pretty free studied various asian languages, so I'm fairly certain that I really wanted to, I could get a teaching english as a second language certificate or something like that and bounce
to
at least
somewhere in Asia
once. Yes flew over to London on my Around my 18th birthday.
not just certification. Get away in a pint. Uh huh
Uh Yeah it's not bad. Yeah.
Beer. I so I like a like mango beer and weird flavored beer like that. Um If I had a choice I usually stick to spirits because and you're just um I have a really high sensitivity to alcohol but it all tastes like hand sanitizer to me. So I figure you know if I'm going to taste the hand sanitizer anyway why not just go straight for vodka or tequila?
Yes. Yeah I like it as well
cardi.
the closest thing I've ever gotten was um we once drove up to Missouri in the middle of like february for my grandmother's funeral and it starts snowing like hard if I would have stayed one more day to everybody. Been stuck in a snowstorm.
No Ive there's no maybe once or twice while I've been in texas both times less than an inch or maybe an inch or two. But that's it for experience with any real
amount
to snow.
Yes that is something honestly I'd love to experience. I know it's probably horrible and trapped you inside but I've never seen a mountain of snow before
happened to the beach
in L. A. As well once
that
was
yep santa Monica.
There
was
no.
do not.
And
so the
beach
was
That's why they're tasty. If only they were tasty. Um
the uh I have no idea. I don't I don't think they have much more flavor to them. Um
You
have the L. A. Yeah,
the L. A. Um What do you call it? Beach? The ocean was surprised to me because I've only ever gone to the gulf coast before that where the water is all like brown and market because you got the deposit and then go into L. A. You see this nice big blue ocean. I'm like, so that's what the ocean is supposed to look like. Mhm. Yeah.
I
nope. I had a uh I bought a card topped up with the train passed whatever you call it. And I just wandered around eating various foods and things. I'm a foodie. I like any food. So I would go where the smells that I let me.
No, I'm not a big museum person. Although one day I was walking around, I wanted to go check London I and uh europe came dropped and as I was walking
I kind of stopped him and I wonder where I am. And I looked up and we have this like giant big brick, this under construction and like, I wonder what that is like pulling them out. And I discovered, hey, that thing under construction is Big Ben and I couldn't tell at all. So I have a picture with me in front of Big Ben and you can't tell us Big Ben at all because completely covered up.
It
has,
they
were
doing repairs, prepares, yep,
you've
completely
get
out now.
You cut out for me right there.
All right. Yeah. Your camera's dead and looks like you have a connectivity issue. It's back is
the internet,
It's not good now is the internet okay out there?
Have you been
affected
to a ball outside back food?
So
good.
All
you wanted to see the Great Lakes?
they're just interesting to me. We call them lakes, but they're really just giant sees. They have their own tides and everything.
Yeah. Sister don't talk to her anymore.
Just, you know, general family falling out and things like that.
That sucks.
I'm
yes. Yeah. Yeah. Just general schoolwork and I, I don't like academia and it's all just busywork
to me because no, no, there's a lot of too much politics and inefficiencies for me. In my opinion, my mother, she works at a school, so I also have some insight into the way things like that also work as well as just generally, you know, paying attention to how teachers react to other teachers and students and so on and so forth. And so all just a big mess in my opinion. It feels like if I wanted to actually learn something, that there are better ways to do it. But due to the system, we set a place many years ago were stuck doing the way we are now, which ends up, you know, not giving us the best education we can, but get charging us the most that they can.
I
My
Godmother and a friend of my mother are both doctors of Philosophy, My Godmother's Doctor of philosophy and philosophy and the friend of my mother is a Doctor of Philosophy in Leviticus. So they they both kind of do the same thing. They go to whatever college will hire them and they can sit there and paid to either teach or to sit there and write
and
think
pressure.
Thank you. I mean, I get paid to write, I could try becoming an author, but both those cases seem little to much for me if I do anything that, that
I do.
No, I don't just do general writings off the here and there on the internet. So many different monikers and things like that.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I've considered various different creative outputs like that. It's just whenever I look at the ecosystem they're in, you know, like Youtube or any blogging or anything like that, it always seems so bloated over inflated. It would have been something either I'm really passionate about or something to do only for myself of which I am neither. So I never really got started like any writing or anything like that at all.
Already.
will say
that
is something that's crossed my mind once or twice of a travel blogging, things like that. Travel
photography.
Now, people who go out to the middle of nowhere and take pictures of animals or write about the experience out there and I get paid to keep on going out to the middle of nowhere.
If
I had
infinite.
No, no, They
suck
and
all that
stuff.
Periphery.
No,
not
that
good.
It's all just like ideas floating around what to do with my life and things like that.
Um, what's
going to
say?
aunt
actually
were.
She was a parole officer. Mhm.
Uh, changed professions into insurance.
Okay. I don't know the full
story
from what I
heard. She had a one or two event people that got out on parole and they should have been able to get out on parole and that kind of broker, I guess or told her. Yeah, I'm not going to do this anymore. I'm not going to sit there and watch these people get out who I know they're going to be back in for killing another person. So like there's even things like that.
Well, I mean, hey, the best way to win any fight is not being a fight. So you're winning.
I mean, press
any
clear uh Yeah. Cat and dog
eight.
good.
Someone
out there.
Uh She prefers dry food. We've tried giving her different wet foods different like even like tuna fish like that. And she she was for strike food,
we cook our dog meals and things like that, like um potato cares meat, rice, things like that. She's getting up there in years. Probably not gonna last too much longer. So we're kind of spoiling her.
Not
just
getting general now, I would like to just literally spoiling her, you know? It's like she's probably having arthritis and things like that so
we
need,
uh what was it we live upstairs, so we just walk up and down stairs all time like to go out and things like that and we kinda noticed, you know she's getting slower and tripping little bit more so Yeah.
Yeah, I was gonna say putting down animals sucks but a lot of times seems like a mercy, you know I've had
three
dogs,
three dogs I've known we had to put down every single time, completely sad. It was kind of like a you can probably go on another year shitting herself, not be able to see you stumbling around or
I mean I don't
mean
to
yeah because I don't speak ill of your sister but it's probably directly to how much you interact with them and things like that.
Hey
sorry. Yeah. Even with perfect parents and everything you can't help. But
people
are complicated.
It
was
pleasure.
Not everyone is interesting.
You,
too.
Thank you.
Thank