Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sure. Uh huh. Yeah, I know what? Mhm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah. Right. Mhm Oh Oh yeah. With you? Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm Mhm Mhm Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Have Okay. Yeah. Mhm
Mhm. Can you hear me okay? Okay. Oh, so what's your name?
Can steal? And my name
is Darren.
Mhm. My name
is Darren,
you too. Where you, where do you live?
I
live in
Oklahoma.
We're
neighbors.
Austin
town. I've been there, I've been there before. Austin is a nice place. I've been there.
Did you see it? Unfortunately? What happened?
I'm in
Northern
Oklahoma.
I'm an hour and a half from Tulsa, hour and a half from Oklahoma city an hour and a half from
Wichita. I'm Northern Oklahoma. So it's a good location. It's not in the tornado valley or anything or tornado alley
not
going to snow. Okay.
It is now. So it's, I think it's because we have the conical plan here. It's the original it's the original
site of the conical company is hypocrisy where I live
and I think that keeps
stuff away for some reason. Right, that's just a theory. So this your first
time doing
this
six times.
No I think I think I read something in the day that you can only do six. You might
you might be you might be done. I don't know why they would I don't know why they were limited it if they you know they can use you in other videos. You know. Yeah but
it's
probably the best
paying
video. It's probably it's probably the best paying study that they have on the site that I've come across.
I haven't come across that at all.
wow. How long you been doing prolific?
Well
that's
it.
Yeah I I've been doing in probably 67 months and I was doing it pretty hard at first and then I kind of backed away from it because you know, so many studies are just worth nothing and You know 55 cents, 60 cents. It's like if you want our input you need to pay us a little bit more. But
Is that mechanical turk?
the mechanical
turk is like that too. It's it's a bunch of low paying situations
too.
So
how did you hear about prolific.
And my brother is a professor in of psychology in in Queensland Australia. And so he does also does research a lot of research and so he's the one that told me about it because he's used it before for experiments to get subjects in there. So it's a good way to make a little extra money, you know?
So it's kind of like a side job for you, wasn't it?
The hobby. Yeah, I guess you could say it's a good way to say it. Good way to look at her.
So
who have you
had,
who have you had on your video chats? Just, I mean if you had all men or if you had ladies yet,
what was that?
Oh, this is my third one. This is the third male. So I think they're keeping the women away from me, They're scared of me. So Are you in your 20s? I'm in my 50's. So I got double time on you. Then I tell you time flies from those 2020s to now, it's like where did the time go? Just it's just goes so fast.
Yeah. It seems like
the 1st 18 years of our lives are so it goes so slow and then after 18 boys just it goes on sonic boom. You know, it's just crazy. So you always lived in texas?
So you
plan to spend
the
rest
of
your life in texas?
It looks like someone could be happy in California.
You look like you look like an adventurous soul.
Uh, real big. Huh?
Well,
good
point.
Have you been over to the other side of the ocean yet?
Would you go there for just for clarification or the wedding or something
and appoint you like your beer, don't you?
But the point is not bad or beer is not bad.
Yeah. Well, my favorite was rum. I loved rum rum and coke. Have you tried that yet remain calm?
Bacardi Bacardi Bacardi room.
The car is the best and made in Puerto rico. Yeah. I dated a girl way back in 85. She was a friend of mine up until six years ago, but her dad was a salesman for Bacardi Bacardi rum. And it's like he never gave me. I just realized today because today is her birthday actually. The girl her dad never gave me a bottle of Bacardi rum free. You know he was like a top salesman form in the Chicago area. Like. Yeah that's where I was living before I came down to Oklahoma 20 years ago as I lived in Illinois About 90 miles west of Chicago. So I came down here because the weather is better. I don't like winners anymore. Probably never experienced a winner because you never lived up north so.
Was that your first experience with snow?
I don't
consider
that snowing. I consider snowing after you get you got a tip about 10" of snow at a time. That's that's real snow.
Well California has has mountains and beaches. They have a lot of skiing and a lot of, you know you can do skiing and go to the beach the same day in California. I never done it before. I've been to the beach but not not. Yes.
All
Oh you have. Did you go to santa
Monica
beach?
And that's the same when I went to So I stepped in
there five
ft and I was attacked by Jellyfish and those
suckers hurt. Yeah jellyfish are taking over the ocean. You know if you didn't know that
you're totally they're totally taken over the ocean's jellyfish are got to
find
to
get rid
of. Mhm.
Oh they're not taking it easy.
Never have a jelly
taste.
Yeah.
I live in L. A. And so when you went to London, what did you do in London? How did you know what to do or what how did you know how to get around it or you know, did you have a guide
or something or?
So basically you just went to eateries? You didn't like those, the castle, the castle, but the Queen's Palace or anything.
But I'll never know.
Uh huh. I got big bets around forever. Was
it being
was
it
being
Yeah. My my brother, my oldest brother who lives in Australia, I told you about earlier, he married a girl from England. So they got married
because
I had
just
I had I had just bought a house. What's going on?
Oh, you're fine. I'm ice cream.
didn't
didn't show any problem. Didn't show any problem here on my end.
Yeah. Yeah. I don't I mean I need to get a new computer my problem. Um But right now, buying a computer really hard because they're not uh they're not available because of all that. I got sucked up by the pandemic pandemic, you know schools and home home jobs and stuff, you know. So I keep going to walmart and trying to find I got this one Hewlett Packard picked out but it's never available. So I just keep waiting.
Are
your parents there
now?
No,
I haven't been
affected them. I don't know anybody that has. Um um So it's pretty Oklahoma has been pretty good about the virus. Texas of course has been bad, but they're doing better right now. Texas is but are Wisconsin right now, Wisconsin right now has the highest, they had the highest total cases and deaths the other day this week, the highest one ever in this nine months that we've been counting the virus. So, and other than Wisconsin for awhile, went to school in Wisconsin. So I love Wisconsin is a cool state ever Get a chance to go up there. Especially the top of Wisconsin in the Lake Lake Superior now. Just beautiful talk about the ocean being Blue Lake Superior is so blue, so clean. It's awesome. Would that be a nice road trip for you? Yeah.
You want to? Yeah.
Yeah. So do you have brothers and sisters?
Why not?
Oh my sister died four years ago. She died of alcohol and drug abuse. All her organs shut down except for her heart and she was only 43 years old.
Yeah. And she cut us off from her um, 2001. So I hadn't seen her for 15 years before she died. So I couldn't get her the help that she needed because I didn't know that she had a problem and she didn't want to, she didn't want us in her life. So that's the way it went. You know, very sad situation. But I got two brothers, younger brother and older brother. So we're all three years apart so it's pretty cool. So what else you've been up to? What kind of work do you do for years school
probably, aren't you?
You don't,
Yeah well I got a master's degree in social work. So I had a long career in in a social worker, therapist, worked mostly with people with substance use issues and in the corrections field, probation officers, drug courts, things like that. So if it's getting busy for a while. But my brother went
in Australia. My brother Eric his name is he uh he went to college in 81 And he's still like you said you don't like to academic but he does because he's been in it for 40 years now. 30, years technically he's been getting paid by universities to that's just that's just that's just living is getting paid by university so generally I don't
know
I
got
it. Yeah. Would you like to do that? Get
paid to think and write?
Do you write do you write at all? Like do you do
you have a blog? Thank you. Have a blog raining.
I have a blog gun on the internet called. It's under Wordpress dot com. It's a free blogging site. You know when you first start out and I've been starting out for the last eight years now, I'm still just not paying anything because you can move up to the next level. But. Uh huh I only have 17 followers at this point in time. But I really enjoy I enjoy writing. I wish I could have been should have been a journalist and you know, that's why should I went after because uh I wrote high school and college. I've been blogging out for eight years. I just that's my passion is writing. You know, So if you ever want to get a blog started, go to Word press dot com. And uh it's really easy to set up and start writing your post.
Yeah, I just write about my general experiences in life, you know, and since I was a therapist I write some blogs on basically it's self help stuff. You know this experience experiences I've found that helps other people and helps me to. But Wordpress is good, good uh good blogging site. I would really recommend it for you and um you can be as involved as you want or less involved, so it's all up to you and your style. But
people actually know this guy, this one guy who follows me, he has 100,000 followers and he gets paid to be a blogger because he has advertisements and stuff and I think he might charge description, get it, you know to to read his blog, but I didn't pay anything. So maybe not He 100,000 followers. That's a lot of followers for a blog. He knows what he's doing this for sure. But Like I said I only have 17 followers. Right? Uh huh. It's uh this time got some followers. So better
than
that.
There
you go.
Oh so your your
your
photographer
them
but
you
would like
to be
you tried it,
you weren't good at it. Uh
That
was
kind of
like a dream you want you had. Huh?
Well
I know
it's
a very confusing time when you're that young and trying to figure out where to go. Like I said, I wish I would have went to journalism route. Um But I went to business route and then I working and uh but I got a job working with kids right away and so I decided to get a masters. I helped kids for 10 years and then I helped people in the corrections agencies after that. So. So
I never
had kids.
Syrian. Was what?
Yeah. She's retired now.
No, that's boring compared to throw officer.
But
it's a tough
thing.
I don't believe murderers should be paroled once you cross that line of killing somebody, you never did never go back. Yeah. As Yeah, I'd be really sick to kill somebody. Unless of course it's a chance to hang on self defense or something. But you didn't mean to kill him but just trying to find yourself of course I wouldn't I haven't been to fight my whole life so if I got in a fight that would be I would definitely lose. So
I'm good. Well thank you for that and I think about that before. Yeah. Mhm.
You got
any animals?
I got eight cats.
Yeah. I live out in the country
so they can come and go in my house all day long and it's like I don't even right now I have one cat right here next to me but my other seven cats are are scattered.
I never
I never always time I see them together is when I feed him in the morning, that's when they all come together when I feed him. Can you feed your cat? Can can't vote.
wow. What about your dog to see? Have can
yeah, that's nice. So is she missing teeth or something or is that
what you have to cook
her food?
Yeah. I had
to put
my dog down a couple years ago. He was 15 when he died. You can say some.
Yeah. My dog at the end of his life he couldn't even walk. So that's when I put him down.
It's the
third
time to go, is there time to go?
Right? Yeah. My oldest cat that I had, This was 15 and 2015. He died And that was the hardest thing that I haven't gone through because he was 15 years old. Most cats don't like last that long at least once. I've had a less than the last 1 to 10 years actually. And this cat was real special to me. His name was Clyde. He was super cat and God that was hard to let him go. Just, it's hard to make that decision to put in balance. But he was just so bad. I just couldn't take anymore. So yeah, I had more grateful for my cat. And I did my sister to be honest with you
because
you
know because she cut because she cut us off, you know.
Yeah. And when she cut you off, you can interact. So she was adopted on top of it too. And adoptions don't work with every family. Um I think adoption should be more with, there's no other kids in the house that there's a strict strictly adopted family, you know, So we try to mix biological and adopted. It. It makes for a tenuous situation.
No.
Yeah. My parents
were perfect.
So yeah, people are complicated and and life is complicated but got to keep it simple though. That's radio. Don't make more complication for yourself. Yeah, Well, I guess we should sign off. We did our time. So, Um, I
hope
that was
a good, good, good, good person for a tox is since you've had, I'm the 6th 1. So hopefully it wasn't the worst. So,
you take care.
All
right. I wish you the best and figure out what you want to do in life and
and uh go to IT, buddy. Take
care.