SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh it was actually yeah possible. Okay. Oh yeah. Oh okay. Oh yeah. Mhm Mhm. I'm not much different. I was fighting. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Forget the movie. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hi, yep I can hear you. You hear me okay? You are Okay so high I'm Tory. Oh
SPEAKER_R: I'm currently
SPEAKER_L: did you say Kirkland? Okay. Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: How are you doing?
SPEAKER_R: Something good. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. All right. I like all the wood that you have. It feels rustic. I like it like like a cabin in the woods and like it's awesome. Yeah. So how are you? Um Let's see what time is it where you are?
SPEAKER_R: Maybe the man in the morning.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. We're both pacific then. I'm in Oregon right now. So how long have you done prolific stuff?
SPEAKER_R: Uh It's about a month, month and a week or so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You like it?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's pretty good. This is my first video thing so it might be a little shy.
SPEAKER_L: that's okay.
SPEAKER_R: Pretty shy anyways but yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I tend to be more um outgoing or something. I I teach so I'm also used to having to fill the space and deal with silence so it's okay. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: Um You look young. Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And 27. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I am Not, I'm 42, so we're quite the opposite in terms of age, but at least I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: I just have to picture you as one of my students or something. Right?
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: So that makes it that's I wonder if they do that on purpose. Like they put people together who might not have as much automatically in common, Right? Maybe.
SPEAKER_R: that that might be a good idea for them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Otherwise you just easily talk about anything. So do you have any pets? That's it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: He's
SPEAKER_L: have we have two dogs. Um one is a chocolate lab and one is a German shepherd. How about you?
SPEAKER_R: uh it's a booby
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's one of those. Is it black? Like the huge, huge head? I
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: had a friend's parents had one of those and he was the sweetest dog, but he was so like giant and almost bumbling. Like it's just like, I don't know. He's he's goofy. Yes. Is the way to think so. That's cool puppy or grown up?
SPEAKER_R: You heard Colonel About two years old?
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah, heads are so huge. All right.
SPEAKER_R: wow.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Her chocolate lab is one of those bumbling dogs. It's just like he's just dumber than a box of rocks but he's so sweet and his whole body moves when he when he wags his tail. And then of course the shepherd is like total pure. She's true to her breed and just like alert, attentive but she messes with him all the time. She's like she's clearly smarter and social like take bones to him, drop it and then
SPEAKER_R: Next
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: go and steal it right from him. And he's just like what just happened? That's just funny. So.
SPEAKER_R: Um when I went camping before with my dog people went down some people got really scared and it would yell. But it was a bear on a leash match.
SPEAKER_L: That's funny. I saw I saw some article about somebody who actually did find a bear like as a as a cub and thought it was a puppy and then started to raise it and was like totally raising a bear and just it just kept getting bigger and bigger and bigger and it's like how do you not know it's a bear? But I had I had a shepherd once they got so gray that people thought that she was a wolf. So it was kind of a similar where people were getting scared thinking. But that's fun. Does your dog camp? Well that's cool. Like doesn't run off and it's just like
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: that perfect doesn't bark it. Things when it's not supposed to. That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: Very common dog.
SPEAKER_L: That's cool. That's that is
SPEAKER_R: Them
SPEAKER_L: not cars.
SPEAKER_R: almost went extinct. Like I think it was around World War Two because um they were there, they really used the military and stuff because they're very intelligent. So they're used to guard nuclear sites, stuff like that.
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: And so back in World War Two it believes when it was they used them to take people on beds to medical camps from Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: they're very very intelligent pretty much from my understanding. They're better like more intelligent than a german shepherd done.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. Are they? They don't shed as much either do they? Yeah, see that
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: automatically
SPEAKER_R: at all.
SPEAKER_L: makes them off because yeah, shepherd shed like nobody's business. So yeah, my husband, I didn't tell them that because I've had shepherds for such a long time and I just really just have that love for the dog and I just just failed to mention how much they shed and all of a sudden is he's shedding everywhere and he's like I had no idea, nothing because by that time he was already totally endure. So Yeah. Have you had babies before?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, my friend one all my life, so. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: They come in other than black, right? Like aren't they cream too? Yeah. That's cool.
SPEAKER_R: There's some light winds and some golden coins.
SPEAKER_L: That's cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I met this golden wine. None back where we are brought this point most recently in It was huge. Probably like 3 4 ft tall. It was a big big meal.
SPEAKER_L: Well.
SPEAKER_R: It was all golden, like almost like a coffee gold. So it was like a brighter coffee. But it was really big and had a super duper deep bark. It was scary
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: anybody.
SPEAKER_L: very like instantly like you walked out. Oh they they're super protective two of their
SPEAKER_R: Very.
SPEAKER_L: places. Yeah, so that's cool. I guess if they were bred to be a guard dog whatnot, that would make sense. Yeah. I'm uh yeah. Do you do do you do 4th of July stuff in terms of like the sounds and stuff for your dog, Like,
SPEAKER_R: We're moving now
SPEAKER_L: you know, like in terms of the sounds like freaking them out because one of ours gets just like jittery when the fourth of july fireworks goes off, so
SPEAKER_R: now, where is? It's fine?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's good. That's really good. I had a I had a dog once that during thunderstorms she would freak out so much that she would go and hide behind the toilet like as a puppy. And then as she started getting bigger and bigger, she wasn't going to fit behind the toilet very well and we weren't home one time and there was a thunderstorm or like, oh we got to get home are there's going to be so upset. And we went and we found her shoved behind the toilet to where we had to like dismantle stuff to try to get her out because she had shoved herself so far behind the toilet and it was both cute and funny and sad at the same time, you know, it was like her puppy. So we're I'm a little bit more cognizant of when they're freaked out about sounds and stuff, try to stick around and Yeah, so we know I'm not I'm actually not even into fireworks on the 4th of July, I never
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: never got into that. Um
SPEAKER_R: I have an idea. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: my family did like growing up and I think that was part of why I didn't,
SPEAKER_R: Let
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: brother used to like take bottle rockets and pointed at me and fire them at me and I just run scared out of my mind. And so I think it like stuck with me or I'm like, I don't want anything to do with this. Um But then now and I grew up on the, in the midwest, so like the whole whole midwest and so now moving out this way, um just like desert area and a lot of fires and all that, that it's, I don't see it as as much and just like every house, but in the midwest it's like everybody does it on their own props, like everywhere. So yeah, So yeah, let's see whales. There's always stuff, but so um I'm not really one to talk sports,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know,
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: like I, I can like force my way through that, but it's not going to go well.
SPEAKER_R: I only I don't really enjoy any sports, the
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: closest I'd say that I ever got to that with them. E sports, but most people don't think it's a support, but I do I like video against lots typically I think and
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. My, my my sons, I have um, we have a, I was gonna say nine and 10, but they both just had birthday, so 10 and 11 and they're totally in the video games and I, I never really got into it, I think partly partly my age and partly just where I grew up and how I grew up in all that, but the most I played was like the generic like pac man and Tetris and you know like the silly and then had Gameboy or whatever, but I never got we had an Atari and we had some like come on 64 years old and so I never got as much into it and so my my boys are interested and so um but they don't play a ton but they're so into roadblocks right now, which I know is not a video game but but
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: there's so
SPEAKER_R: it is
SPEAKER_L: kind of my I don't know,
SPEAKER_R: and it's
SPEAKER_L: but they're so into it and um and so I I was like okay, I need to know what they're doing, what's happening on here. So they set me up with an account and then they had me play with them and they love it when I play with him, but I think it's only to mock me. Like they make fun of me so bad like the whole time. And then they just run circles around me and then if it's a game where they're supposed to kill for they just come over and kill me and they're like, wow, you're really horrible. Does I'm like no, I'm sorry. Hang on your that there's an alarm that keeps going off in our house. I'm sorry.
SPEAKER_R: that's right.
SPEAKER_L: It was it and I say keep its that's the third time that's happened and we have no idea. I thought maybe it was a smoke alarm at one point, like, like because it's not going off all the time. So then we did a search going, I don't see anything, you know, that whole panic thing and then it went off again and I'm like, no, I literally just did a search
SPEAKER_R: Hit
SPEAKER_L: and it's not, it's like so intermittent and so that's got to hurt your ears if it goes off and I'm sorry,
SPEAKER_R: it didn't it's fine.
SPEAKER_L: okay, like it okay. But we also know it's only gonna do like a
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but I don't know if they play Minecraft, but that's probably a really good game.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, they did they did that for a while, I don't know that they play it as much anymore, but they got really into it. And the older one, I was actually impressed with some of the things that he would make and like the structures and he's also one he's really in the lego, so he was like, well it's basically electronic leg, like really? So he's he's really into that and then he's done and I get impressed where I'm like, oh you you made this and And then they did some coding, some roadblocks coding, and they're starting to make their own roadblocks game. And I'm like, oh, I'm kind of like I'm impressed partly because I'm like your 10 and you could do way more than I can like what? So and then there's a couple other would um I don't I I'm never gonna remember the names but they what's the one where they were Fortnite? Fortnite? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think they played that one a little while, like when they go to people's houses um we don't have we don't have like a gaming system. We had a we was the last thing that we had. Um But I know that when they go to some friends houses they're playing and they come back and I'm like oh you know I think Fortnite was one. So what do you play?
SPEAKER_R: Um Complete a lot of first person shooters, but right. Typically they get like a bad reputation, but I'm pretty calm person and a very fine line that I've never never been violent, but I just enjoy them. Like they have a lot of depth pretty much. I guess
SPEAKER_L: the graphics
SPEAKER_R: the most common
SPEAKER_L: are details.
SPEAKER_R: thing to be made.
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: So yeah, I like some story based games to them, fireworks was a really good game. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: What was that
SPEAKER_R: it is a
SPEAKER_L: fireworks? What
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: did you
SPEAKER_R: watch
SPEAKER_L: Firewatch? Okay. Sorry. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it was pretty much about campsite host who um the evil person came in and said the whole forest on fire pretty much and so he was trying to catch him and with his partner and he would start cutting the film lines so they couldn't communicate with anybody except each other. And so you end up trying to catch him eventually. You do. But it was a really good story game. Um
SPEAKER_L: that's cool. Right, so it's not just go out and do something.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: It's like actually has a theme and why you're doing and all that. It's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: funny.
SPEAKER_R: not.
SPEAKER_L: Do you feel like when you tell people that like you almost feel like you have to go. But it's you know because it's like like there's that but I'm not it's not messing me up because there is it has such a bad rap. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I kind of feel like that but.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And I will say because we don't we we tell the boys that were just like we're like we're not comfortable with, you haven't liked playing those games. Like it's at least now it's were just just not comfortable. Um But I think it's more to do with their age and
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: their I don't know just Yeah, I think it's really more of that than anything. Um But they do play I know on roadblocks are some and they're not as realistic and so we're more okay with it. So there somewhere the ones that they've had me play with them, it's like okay, so you're the murderer and you're going and trying to kill people and the sheriff is trying to kill a murderer and basically if I'm the murderer, I am going to die because my kids are going to come kill me. And I was like, I know this, but but like we've we've done some of that and we played some tower game with them and had to so it's like it's also like killing and kind of Yeah, but I can see like you start to go, I don't want to tell you what I do because judgy. Yeah, no, my brother was really into um all sorts of like video games and I don't remember what all he would play. But um he and his friends, they get really into it and it's like the graphics were really impressive and that was even way back when
SPEAKER_R: You know.
SPEAKER_L: I was younger so I can't imagine what some of them are like now they're like movies that you're in
SPEAKER_R: and close,
SPEAKER_L: I guess it feels like it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Dude,
SPEAKER_L: Let's go. Cool.
SPEAKER_R: games are getting really close to a real real life graphics probably about another to maybe five years off until
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: you can start pushing people wouldn't be able to tell if it's real fate.
SPEAKER_L: wow. That's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Pretty close virtual reality is coming up to, which I think is going to be quite nice. So
SPEAKER_L: Did you play like board games or card games or Die something? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you know, I've been saying gloom haven, what lately with my mom?
SPEAKER_L: Oh I've heard of that one, I haven't played that one but I feel like is that kind of like small world? I haven't played small world either but
SPEAKER_R: brilliant.
SPEAKER_L: like someone was I don't know what to liken it to. We do a lot of like we've done we just play Catan the other night and we play like ticket to ride and a bunch of
SPEAKER_R: Its
SPEAKER_L: starting
SPEAKER_R: rights phone,
SPEAKER_L: do I?
SPEAKER_R: I think it's right, it's funny.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that one is one that um I often actually bow out of because I've started to just get bored with it and I'm like it's like saying that. But um yeah we we if I were sitting out there we've got this whole wall of games because we're really big into the whole board games, strategy games, just all of it. I love card games, I love dice, just pretty much whatever, like if we can play a game, I'm all about it. Yeah we went on a trip to um we went to europe, we took the kids to europe and we went to um Belgium and there was this hotel that was, you could stay in and it just had a ton of games everywhere. And so for me being like obsessed with games, you stay in there. And they also have like this little video game section, so like the boys were just like one of the, one of the boys hates like board games and stuff. And one of them is like totally either way like he'll go video games or, but they had just so many games and, and you just go down in the main area and you just play whatever. And because it was Belgium, there was a ton of games that we've never heard of and so I was just in paris because we had some that I'd heard of and we could play easily and some that and we wound up coming back and I found several of them on Ebay just because I was like, oh, I really like really, really liked that game or whatever, so that's cool. So I like that and I tell, I tell the family that the reason that I do prolific is because I have a game addiction. And so that way when I make a certain amount of money, I'm just going to buy a game and I won't feel guilty. That's what I say.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I'm trying to afford a computer zone. Hey mom. Really into I guess I I want to open up a game studio one day and
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: came to some
SPEAKER_L: I don't know. I don't even know how I can't even mute it. I was like, oh sorry.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, my current computers just not strong enough to do the things I needed to Mhm
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because you need like the graphics and whatnot. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Credit an old computer. So right,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: Languages
SPEAKER_R: getting there. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna step outside with you. Oh my God. Well that's clearly something we're gonna have to take care of and we don't even know what's happening. I'm sorry that there we go.
SPEAKER_R: The time.
SPEAKER_L: The dogs around here. Okay. Hi.
SPEAKER_R: Yes it is,
SPEAKER_L: It's really bright. Yeah. Now it's just like kind of keeps on going on, so whatever.
SPEAKER_R: That's right,
SPEAKER_L: Um We uh we went to a virtual reality thing. It's like where we all had like the virtual, I'm so not one of like, I don't
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: know right? So we had the things on and my husband and I had never done it and the boys had and the girls like they was new but it was honestly really was so cool and we were playing like these games and there was one, well we did like skydiving on it and all this, it was so cool. But there was this one where it was like um and I'm such a dork, but like like there was this giant spider that was like coming at me in the, in in an elevator and I literally screamed and so it's like
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: and I knew it was fake, like I knew it but it's like as it was kind of coming closer, the guy in real life was like like, oh, oh you better hurry up and close the, close the elevator doors going to get you. And as it started come it was like it just made it so real and it's like dove at me and I screamed and jumped and everybody like the whole family was laughing because everybody can hear me and I'm screaming and then I'm still in the game, they're like okay, go to the top of the elevator. And there was this long thing, like a plank and we had to walk out on the plank and again, I knew it was fake. I knew it, but I literally could not walk forward. It was so crazy. I don't know, it was, I've never done that before and I can totally see why people would get like so like engrossed and why they can use it for things like therapy and like for like yeah, phobias and stuff. So cool.
SPEAKER_R: yeah a lot of virtual meetings are gonna kind of move over to that pretty big. I know facebook is quite a bit of technology in there to like, But you just take a picture of your face and it will make a complete 3D scan of your party basically and then you can just walk around and have virtual meetings.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, I don't know if I want that, It's like
SPEAKER_R: that's interesting.
SPEAKER_L: right, it's good. I know, I mean it's cool, it's like it's just um some of the things that I like about the virtual thing is sometimes I can adjust it and not or just turn the video off and and just not have to be seen. Like I've I keep joking that this whole lockdown and isolation thing that I've gotten a little too used to it that I'd be okay not going out in the real
SPEAKER_R: crucial.
SPEAKER_L: world very much. I think it's um and I have no like I'm somewhere in the middle of extroversion and introversion and so I enjoy going up but I've really enjoyed not, you know, like and then realizing that life can go on and I can get most of the things that I need done accomplished, like in the confines of my own little bubble, like oh goodness, I'm turning into like this total recluse, that's all right. And the kids are like, well we want to go out like you'll get over it. Uh Well one of them, 11 of the girls is she's like, I could stay around here the whole time. Like yeah, we know you can like, like she's more like the the wallflower and shire and yeah, it works out, but we all everybody, it's so funny. You know when you're like with your family and you get loud, it doesn't matter how introverted you are when your your family, your like it doesn't matter. You're totally different. That's what makes me laugh. We all play games and all of a sudden the one who like people will tell us we never hear her talk. It's like, oh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. So you said you played gloom heaven with your mom. So she's into like games too. So that's cool.
SPEAKER_R: very much.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: She's a huge ball of board games.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's awesome. I like her already. I like that to play play games with her. I it's like that's the thing that I'm like, like you know that hope is that my kids and I have a good relationship when they're growing up, so that's and you never know, you know? Thank. Yeah, so I I get along with my parents and my husband gets on with it, but it's it's also there is a difference of do you get along and tolerate or do you get along and actually want to be around
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: hang out and stuff? So um Yeah, my youngest um son, I joked that he's gonna take me to prom because he's still like totally, totally in love. Like he's he would hang out with me if he were he's not home right now and if he were here he's like like glued and and I just can't find it in me to be annoyed with that because I'm just like, he's someday not going to want to. So I just Yeah, but um he tells me that he'll come and visit me all the time and then I'm probably gonna have to have a special room just for him, like for his whole life. And when he goes to college, he's gonna call me every single day to tell me what he did and what he ate. I'm like, he doesn't have to be that much, but he's like, he's like, and then I'm going to talk to you and then I'll come home and then like, yeah, but if there's even remotely some of that true, I'm happy Because the older son is just like, yeah, I think he's just like, you know, a year older, like 11 and I think he's already ready to leave. He's like, you don't let me do enough stuff, but Right. I think we only have a few more minutes. I don't know. I'm Yeah, not as painful, right?
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: You're like, yeah, you speak for yourself.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, but I got my mom to play some games with video games with me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And what she did, you make fun of her and tell her she was horrible because you knew that she you wanted her to play again and you are nice.
SPEAKER_R: We played this game called Rainbow six.
SPEAKER_L: I've heard of that one.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's a do you know much about it accord?
SPEAKER_L: No, I just heard the name
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: at least. Which is more than
SPEAKER_R: it's a first person shooter um But probably the most realistic one. And it kind of takes place on smaller like smaller maps kind of like a house and stuff like that and it's totally destructive so you can break the walls like well go through them anyways. Um It's
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: very realistic
SPEAKER_L: when you're going
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: in like, so you and your mom are you against each other because that'd be awkward.
SPEAKER_R: we're together together. Yeah I was playing with my mom,
SPEAKER_L: In the
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: family?
SPEAKER_R: dad and my sister um with one random person. But anyways yeah one team is the police and other teams the hostage and people with the hostage rescue, the hostage or diffuse the bomb. But you get you get shot like once or twice in your dead. So it's a very strategic and very slow paced but fast paced, if that makes sense. And my mom is very funny. She it's not the best player, but it's funny to play with her and I enjoyed is um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: when she does end up like killing the whole enemy team or whatever, she likes screaming all the way through.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's awesome. We we did a birthday because we can't do birthday parties, you know right now. And the one that just turned 10 he really wanted a roadblocks party. And so the rest of us, there's six people in our in our immediate family here hunkered down. And so we're like okay we'll do a roadblocks party. So the girls who had never done roadblocks, me and my husband was like fine. And so we all get on there to play and we john my husband, we were like, wow, we are all actually having fun and shouting and yelling at each other because we all got way too into it. And I was like why are you coming after me? Hi everybody gang up on, you know getting up on Matthew and like all going and it was it was we had way more fun and it lasted longer than any of us. Non players thought it would. And and Ryan had a total blast because he's like, all right, you got to do exactly what he wanted and he wasn't with his friends but he was happy that he converted us. It was it was it was more fun than I would have thought so. No grand the girls don't want to do it again. You know they're like no but I think it's also more that they're just like yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I got enough. Your whole family's put it on my. Minecraft is a quite a fun game. I think you guys probably enjoy.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I haven't tried now and I just kind of watched them.
SPEAKER_R: My mom loves it and it's very peaceful, it's mostly peaceful, but if you don't like the monsters you can shut them off so the that you won't die pretty much, but it's really about, it doesn't have a specific goal, so it's about doing what you want.
SPEAKER_L: Now see that's
SPEAKER_R: There's a lot of explorer exploration caves and like big mountains and stuff and there's different things. It's just a really fun game. It's really creative
SPEAKER_L: All right maybe
SPEAKER_R: with mining, mining
SPEAKER_L: please
SPEAKER_R: the main
SPEAKER_L: help
SPEAKER_R: part
SPEAKER_L: me help me with it because that's one.
SPEAKER_R: and the crafting, Crafting is great chasm. You know, it doesn't tell you how to build things. You have to put it together, it's like a puzzle, it's a three x three grid and you have to put all of it together in head, so like figure out how you're gonna build a pickaxe or shovel and lots of it's very deep.
SPEAKER_L: oh that's cool. There's like some like yeah you have to you have to think and problem solve. That's cool. Well I like it more.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I think I don't remember what time what what we when we started do you remember?
SPEAKER_R: 92 probably.
SPEAKER_L: Okay so I think we're that means we're good. Right.
SPEAKER_R: I think so.
SPEAKER_L: Do you have, Yeah. Okay. So I think because I don't remember when you came on I think it was 9:02 and I have 9:33. What do you have?
SPEAKER_R: 9 31.
SPEAKER_L: Okay so we're
SPEAKER_R: Can we?
SPEAKER_L: only supposed to have to go for 25 minutes so I kept you longer so there it wasn't that horrible. It was it was nice meeting
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: was nice meeting you too
SPEAKER_L: and I hope you have have a good rest of your time and good luck getting your computer and your gaming gaming system and doing what you want to do for your job. Because I think it sounds awesome.
SPEAKER_R: and canned. Hopefully
SPEAKER_L: bye.
SPEAKER_R: you get your smoke alarm or whatever fixed,
SPEAKER_L: No kidding. I have
SPEAKER_R: kind
SPEAKER_L: to move.
SPEAKER_R: of All right,
SPEAKER_L: Right.