I'm currently
Yeah.
Something good. How about you?
Maybe the man in the morning.
Uh It's about a month, month and a week or so. Yeah.
Yeah. That's pretty good. This is my first video thing so it might be a little shy.
Pretty shy anyways but yeah.
And
Very
And 27. Yeah.
I
mean
and
that that might be a good idea for them. Yeah.
Mhm.
He's
uh it's a booby
No.
You heard Colonel About two years old?
wow.
Mhm.
Next
on.
Um when I went camping before with my dog people went down some people got really scared and it would yell. But it was a bear on a leash match.
No.
Very common dog.
Them
almost went extinct. Like I think it was around World War Two because um they were there, they really used the military and stuff because they're very intelligent. So they're used to guard nuclear sites, stuff like that.
And so back in World War Two it believes when it was they used them to take people on beds to medical camps from Yeah,
they're very very intelligent pretty much from my understanding. They're better like more intelligent than a german shepherd done.
Not
at all.
Yeah, my friend one all my life, so. Mhm.
There's some light winds and some golden coins.
I met this golden wine. None back where we are brought this point most recently in It was huge. Probably like 3 4 ft tall. It was a big big meal.
It was all golden, like almost like a coffee gold. So it was like a brighter coffee. But it was really big and had a super duper deep bark. It was scary
anybody.
Very.
We're moving now
now, where is? It's fine?
Thanks.
I have an idea. Mhm.
Let
me
Yeah, I know,
thanks.
I only I don't really enjoy any sports, the
closest I'd say that I ever got to that with them. E sports, but most people don't think it's a support, but I do I like video against lots typically I think and
Well
it is
and it's
that's right.
Hit
it didn't it's fine.
Yeah, but I don't know if they play Minecraft, but that's probably a really good game.
Yeah.
Um Complete a lot of first person shooters, but right. Typically they get like a bad reputation, but I'm pretty calm person and a very fine line that I've never never been violent, but I just enjoy them. Like they have a lot of depth pretty much. I guess
the most common
thing to be made.
So yeah, I like some story based games to them, fireworks was a really good game. Yeah
it is a
but
watch
it was pretty much about campsite host who um the evil person came in and said the whole forest on fire pretty much and so he was trying to catch him and with his partner and he would start cutting the film lines so they couldn't communicate with anybody except each other. And so you end up trying to catch him eventually. You do. But it was a really good story game. Um
No.
and
not.
I kind of feel like that but.
No.
You know.
and close,
Dude,
games are getting really close to a real real life graphics probably about another to maybe five years off until
you can start pushing people wouldn't be able to tell if it's real fate.
Pretty close virtual reality is coming up to, which I think is going to be quite nice. So
you know, I've been saying gloom haven, what lately with my mom?
brilliant.
Its
rights phone,
I think it's right, it's funny.
Yeah. I'm trying to afford a computer zone. Hey mom. Really into I guess I I want to open up a game studio one day and
came to some
But yeah, my current computers just not strong enough to do the things I needed to Mhm
Credit an old computer. So right,
I'm
getting there. Yeah.
The time.
Yes it is,
That's right,
that's
that's
yeah a lot of virtual meetings are gonna kind of move over to that pretty big. I know facebook is quite a bit of technology in there to like, But you just take a picture of your face and it will make a complete 3D scan of your party basically and then you can just walk around and have virtual meetings.
that's interesting.
crucial.
Yeah.
very much.
She's a huge ball of board games.
No.
No.
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah, but I got my mom to play some games with video games with me.
We played this game called Rainbow six.
Yeah it's a do you know much about it accord?
so
it's a first person shooter um But probably the most realistic one. And it kind of takes place on smaller like smaller maps kind of like a house and stuff like that and it's totally destructive so you can break the walls like well go through them anyways. Um It's
very realistic
in
we're together together. Yeah I was playing with my mom,
my
dad and my sister um with one random person. But anyways yeah one team is the police and other teams the hostage and people with the hostage rescue, the hostage or diffuse the bomb. But you get you get shot like once or twice in your dead. So it's a very strategic and very slow paced but fast paced, if that makes sense. And my mom is very funny. She it's not the best player, but it's funny to play with her and I enjoyed is um
and
when she does end up like killing the whole enemy team or whatever, she likes screaming all the way through.
Yeah, I got enough. Your whole family's put it on my. Minecraft is a quite a fun game. I think you guys probably enjoy.
My mom loves it and it's very peaceful, it's mostly peaceful, but if you don't like the monsters you can shut them off so the that you won't die pretty much, but it's really about, it doesn't have a specific goal, so it's about doing what you want.
There's a lot of explorer exploration caves and like big mountains and stuff and there's different things. It's just a really fun game. It's really creative
with mining, mining
the main
part
and the crafting, Crafting is great chasm. You know, it doesn't tell you how to build things. You have to put it together, it's like a puzzle, it's a three x three grid and you have to put all of it together in head, so like figure out how you're gonna build a pickaxe or shovel and lots of it's very deep.
Thank you.
92 probably.
I think so.
9 31.
Can we?
It
was nice meeting you too
and canned. Hopefully
you get your smoke alarm or whatever fixed,
kind
of All right,