Okay. I Oh, wow. Right. Uh huh Oh. Oh my God. Oh, mm. Yeah. Well, Oh yeah. No. Uh huh Oh, uh huh mhm. Well Oh. Uh huh Mhm What? Uh huh. Mm, wow. Well, what? Okay. What, What people what? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Right. Uh huh. Salmon. Yeah. Mm. Well, mhm. Yeah. Yeah. What? Yeah. Mhm. One Yeah. Mhm. Wait. Oh, man. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. All right. It's uh Oh. Oh no. Oh. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. You never know. Yeah. Mhm, wow. Right, Okay. Oh, okay. Okay. Right. Oh yeah, Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, Uh huh Mhm Uh huh Oh, mhm. What? Mhm. Okay. Oh, Oh yeah. Mhm Yeah, Yeah. Oh, okay. Oh yeah. Yeah. Uh huh Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, uh huh Yeah. Hello?
That's okay. I'm having to turn off my music. I know you don't hear it cause it's playing on my computer. I need to move, I have an uncomfortable chair here by the computer so you can see me. Uh huh That was
I was
just checking the time,
I was just checking the time. They want to wait at least five minutes and it was just turning over to six minutes after four, I'll give you like one more minute and here you are. Hi, my name is brian.
Hi Evan. Um let me see. I'm
59. I have three adult Children. I live in Melbourne dale michigan, which is metropolitan Detroit area. I'm uh disabled, was working part time earlier this year. Um But I haven't worked full time since 2003. Um
it was a way to make a little extra money. Do something this year has been lot busier. I mean since april I think I've earned
as much as I earned in two years previously.
Yeah well a lot of studies just on the whole covid thing you know it's an opportunity for scientists research you know.
Mhm.
My my oldest son's girl growing up his best friend has cerebral policy. Um It's his isn't quite as bad
as yours. Um He's got a he's got a job. Um You know he can got roommates he can get along with their help. Um So I'm familiar more than
the average truth.
Bec yesterday was brian's birthday. Yeah. Yeah. Which
would I think that makes them 29. Yeah because
pet is going to be 29 next month so yeah I think that's all right.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
But they should
be starting up
their preseason
now,
shouldn't they?
it's
been years since I followed hockey, so I I don't know what their schedule is anymore.
So I'm going to share with you what I share with every hockey fan everywhere. When I was 11 I got to see Gordie Howe play because I grew up in
Metropolitan
Detroit, that's where I live now. And uh neighbor down
the street was taken his kid and I played with his kid a lot and I was invited to go along and we saw the Detroit red Wings play. I got to see Gordie Howe Play. That would have been 1972 probably. I think he retired just a
few years
later at that point.
they're building
a new bridge
to Canada
from Detroit area, it's going to be called the Gordie Howe Bridge. Yeah, this is that fantastic. Mm
I love talking to Canadians and then someone says the Great one I say, Oh you mean Gordie Howe? Mhm Yeah,
yeah, the problem is, you know Gretzky
beat most of the house records, how had like all the records, you know, and Gretzky beat most of them um did not like the career though. It
could.
Well yeah, but it's only because he had he played for, I can't remember now 48 years or something. He had like the longest career, only paid
a few years for Canadian team and then came to Detroit and he was a red wing for about 40 years, which think about that a man that old, I couldn't play a professional sport, you know?
Hey,
well, you know, if if you're a good player, it's a it's a low context for Yeah, but I know it's a high contact sport for a lot of players, you know, and and every player, every team has there. I hate to say the word that you like to use, but goon
right? The guy who spends a lot of time in the penalty box. Yeah.
I read a lot currently and you started this, I don't know, have you ever heard of uh Ender's Game?
I've read almost everything that Orson scott Card has ever written. And they I reread the under series recently. Well, I added a lot of books. This is It's like the very last one and this is actually a prequel. I just read the other one which is super huge. Just finish that we're gonna do a size that. But he's a good writer. It's easy to read. I mean, I go through a lot more pages of that than almost anything else just because the way he writes, it's easy to read. You know, it's just consuming, this is probably, this is probably what I thought was his worst book book concert behind my computer and there's, there's a whole bunch of them right there and
yeah. Um let me see. He
wrote a book called Folk of the French and that's where he brought his religion and more than anywhere else. He's a mormon. He's active in his church and stuff. I had a boss who came from Utah, once you're mormon,
uh, the guy is kind of an asshole, but I don't think they had anything to do with his religion, you
know,
personality.
But as I heard a thing, I want to make sure it wasn't a text message from one of my kids or something. Um, you know, I don't, like I said, I don't think that had anything to do with his religion. Just had to do with him and I have to admit you know his plans
for retirement is they were gonna go on missions him and his wife. So you know that they spend a significant amount of time life early on and then again late in life um dedicated to the religion. It's hard not to respect that kind of dedication that work ethic. You know I mean look at look at Jimmy Carter, he's what is he like 90 for now and he's still building habitat for humanity. House is I just saw something with them like a week or two ago and he looks so old now you know. Um But he was working, you know he had his nails done, he was building a house.
that's a dedicated man. Yeah he would have he would have been re elected if Iran didn't didn't take um are Mhm. Um then take the hostages in Iran. The um the embassy, the american embassy they took over the american embassy. Yeah that didn't
happen. He would have been re elected because he was actually a very popular president. But the hostage crisis went on for like a year and a half. It went on
forever. Yeah so that that hurt his chances of re election. You know, You know, if I was in the Democrat Party in 1980 I would have said we should nominate someone else, you know, but that's just not done. I mean and before that when carter was elected, Gerald Ford was the president only there's no way he was gonna be he was going to be elected because he, pardon Richard Nixon,
it was the best thing for the country but there's no way
he's going to be elected after that. But the republicans still random, you know, there's that kind of stuff doesn't make sense.
Yeah, they don't always pick their best candidate,
Oh yeah, people were mad. I was, I was, I was a kid done 1974, I was 13, I turned 14, but I was delivering newspapers, I read the newspapers and I find a uh damaged one to take home. Um and I read the newspaper pretty much every day and we, we had the afternoon paper subscription back then. I was still in the morning paper, so I typically read two newspapers today back then. Um and uh the whole Watergate thing, it was almost all they could talk about for like a year, you know, so it was, it was huge, you know? And because of that, ford pardoned Nixon just to get the country past it. But that pissed people off and you know, it was the best thing that he could do for the country, but yet made it so
he couldn't be elected, Henry. It's kind of unusual thing there, but you know, the military's recognized
Gerald Ford. The new classic aircraft carrier is the Ford class. Yeah, that's the, that's the ones where they've, they used
all the old aircraft
carriers, they launch planes with steam to get speed test and they use the, they used the linear motors in the new class to do the same. So it's quiet, there's no steam. But the Navy
was working on Linear Motors in the 1980s. So it took them almost 30 years to perfect that technology to get it powerful enough to do what they wanted it to do. Mhm.
But hey,
use linear motors for all kinds of things now. And if the Navy wasn't spending that money to develop the technology, it wouldn't be there for anyone else for anything else.
No, I never did go. My brother Died in 1975 and he was in the Navy and that kind
of turned me off to the idea. Um, They offered, they offered me a scholarship when I graduated high school in 79, but I went ahead to, you know, joint go out TC through college and joined the Navy after. And I, I didn't want to do that. You know,
I mean, his death had nothing to do with his survey. Okay. He was, he was at my house part time. It was, you know, thing that was
actually just had to do with him. Um, but still, you know, it, it changes your life a lot to lose. The sibling get, uh, a young age actually, you know, it felt strongly about that sibling. Um, But you know, you mentioned seven siblings, I
grew up with a I have seven now, you know, But I was I was 14 when my brother died. Um what's kind of interesting
about this year is
one of my sisters said, hey, why don't we get together online and do a meeting now? At the time, she was able to do just really long meetings because she was using software, she used for work. But then they've clamped down on that. So if we want to do a longer meeting now, we have to sign off and restart. Which is why we switched to zoom because they will let you do that. We used to do the webex because that's what she used for work, but gotten a lot closer with my family
because, you know, we're
spread around the country you know and it's kind of a family tradition. My parents grew up in Kansas and they came here, they get a job for the auto industry you know. So
my oldest sister lives in florida. Next oldest lives in uh Washington in Portland. Well no she was in Oregon Portland um Vancouver Electric the name she loves him but it's suburban Portland. Next oldest is in Alabama. You see Gina's in colorado, then there's me, my next my brother, my next younger sister, I'll live in metropolitan Detroit and the baby lives in Oklahoma. Yeah
we also do on sunday. Yeah. Right.
Jordan, What's she doing
in Jordan?
wow, that's dedicating your life to something you know because you go far
away and you don't get to get home and see family very often.
The plus side
is in the diplomatic corps, they do pay for a lot of your travel. Um I did uh something called Jack or um which I started off just in um training but then they sent me to college and they would send me back to michigan a couple times a year. It was a bus ride but you know it was free so
So what part of Idaho?
Uh huh. I remember my boss had told me when he was a kid visiting other family elsewhere in Idaho, you could not go from northern
Idaho to southern Idaho and stay in Idaho. You had to leave the state in order to drive
there.
was well you know he was
older
than me by a lot. Um So you
know the interstate highway wasn't a thing yet and really early highways were pretty bad, you know I have no idea how well how well it is and no Idaho now. I've never been myself.
I grew up in Dearborn and with the Henry Ford museum. Yeah. A lot of class field trips there, Springfield Village. So and if family ever visited from out of town where we're going to Disney,
he
lives
across the hall from me in this apartment. He works there. Yeah. Yeah. It's a it's a big deal. It's I mean it's huge. You've been there. It's huge.
Mhm.
knew a guy in college that he would he would have a pirate radio station from his dorm room. You can only get it a few places around campus. I'm not sure if anyone ever listen to him, but it was something he did.
Well he was one of those guys that when he was
a little kid he did the crystal radio set and he hello building radios and stuff and he built the equipment that he used, you know, so and that's why he did it I think was because he knew how to build it, you know, and he had stereo equipment and stuff and thought, hey, I could just radio state.
Yeah, but no ads or anything because you know, that's that's that's where pirate radio stations would get in real trouble if they took money from somebody. That's a crime. I mean broadcasting without a license is a crime but the next
nation.
Yeah. And that's and that's all legal. The internet lets a lot of stuff happen that wouldn't otherwise happen. You know, I mean you could uh, I know there's a few places where you can put podcasts online for free. Um Some of them are on Youtube but you can also, you know, pay money and start your own website for guests if you wanted. Pretty much
available
now.
And of course uh all the all the internet music channels all have podcasts available. Um I've I mostly listened to google play because my web my um ad blocker works there so I don't I can play music for hours nonstop without any ads or anything in the car. I often listen to Spotify um and they'll every once in a while say, you know, watch this video and eyes click that because then you can lessen longer without any adds.
Right. Well otherwise when I'm in my car it's you know, as an comes I change stations, change stations, changed changing stations all the all the time, you know? Whereas uh their Spotify is playing something I want to hear, you know? Yeah, okay so I have to listen to a few ads and that's that's a really small trade off I guess. Mhm.
Well I'm I'm lucky I live in a major metropolitan area where there are
a lot of radio stations available, you know, mm And I grew up uh you know metropolitan area that we had all the tv channels, heck I even had a Canadian television channel available. But then uh I married someone who grew up like about 30 miles north of Hannibal Missouri. They got two stations, one from Quincy Illinois and one from Hannibal. And uh you know, so
there's stuff that I saw as a kid that she never saw.
Yeah, well I've been there a lot of times, it was funny uh her father worked at the Gardner Denver plant which used to do steam generators and stuff and they were doing air compressors during most of his career. But he was in the same union that I joined. My very first job as a mechanic. Um It was a place called heralds frame shop which is still there. Um And they had unionized and they had gotten the aerospace and machinists union because they would actually send someone to negotiate forum. So we were auto mechanics, but we're in the aerospace machinist union.
yeah. And Gardner Denver was mostly machinist. So that's the union my father in law was in which he didn't really like me when you first met me. But when the union thing came up and I was in the same year, he was fine with me after that because
and brother. Yeah, well you know, and an area like that near uh most jobs don't pay very much. But here he was working with his hands and made and looking to, you know, his wife didn't have to work and they could raise a family and own property and everything. And also it was good for him. So that timer that went off here that we've had, we've hit 25 minutes so they didn't even start it right at the start of this. I we talked for me before I remembered I wanted to set the time or so. We've hit the minimum, but if you
want and we can um I don't mind. I'm enjoying this.
Yeah. Well, we don't want it to happen that way
you get
in a word add enterprise.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry if I dominated too much. I have a tendency to do that, you
know?
Well, very much it's very nice to meet you.
I had I had hit the for maximum and then they decided that The new maximum is six. So this is my 5th one of these.
it's interesting. It's been a wide variety of people from around the country and
you know, sometimes we can find something in common. Like the first guy I talked to, he was uh assistant coach in northern Kentucky, but he had been to a tournament at the University of Detroit back when I was taking my son to watch basketball games at university Detroit because it was inexpensive. Professional games are really expensive, you know?
Yeah, but that was reasonably priced and you know, he was a kid, I didn't see a huge difference and it was it was pretty exciting, you know? Remember they even they even hit a professional prospect on the team once. Yeah, it's funny because he was kind of short for being recruited, but he was he could get up in there, you know, and it could be about crowd around the net and he could just get in there and he could pass kit, you know, it doesn't matter how many people were there, he'd work his way or
how hey. Yeah,
that's why he was being recruited, you know, Anyways, but it was interesting that we probably actually in the same room though, it's a big room, you know, basketball. I am at the same
time.
Okay, I'll let you go. Now.
You two have been by