Hi, I'm sorry for the delay. I had some technical difficulty, but I got it.
Thank you for sticking around. I was uh,
what
can I help?
hi, brian again. Sorry for the delay. My name's Evan.
Well,
So is that why you jumped on prolific or is that
Well,
Oh, well, that's awesome.
Oh, yeah. And whenever you have a pandemic or a problem, they want to know how it affects people in general. And so, uh, they do bigger studies. But um, like I said, my name is Evan. I am 30 for uh, I live in Idaho. Um, so I live all the way across the country. Uh, the other direction. Um,
I also am disabled. I have cerebral palsy. I don't know if you can tell, but when I talked, my hands like to go up in the air. It's uh,
Or
nine.
So that's that.
What?
well,
that's cool. And then, so just a few years younger and then, um, I have seven siblings there between. Uh, well, my twin is a girl. Um, she is not disabled whatsoever, even though we were booked born three months early. She has no disability whatsoever. So that, that's the real mayor go there. Is that, um,
she was not disabled to, uh, um, but um, one thing that I love doing is, I love sports, uh,
I'm a big sports enthusiast I and into football, baseball and hockey and all of which have been really affected by the covid that the least of the least affected with ice hockey though. Because they had finished most of their season here too.
Bird
what
most
people,
well, their season just ended. So I don't know exactly. I don't know exactly when they're starting the
president.
Right. Well, typically they would typically, they would be starting their preseason because hockey starts when baseball ends and that's normal year
we'll
walk.
That,
Oh
or
that's really cool.
I won't
what?
Well?
that's that's that's some really good news right there.
Exactly. So
well
but
that's something to say. I mean to say you saw one of the greatest of the greats. Gordon? Help play? That's pretty cool. Huh?
What?
I know most people retire from
retired from professional sports in their 40s live alone play for 40 years, so that's crazy.
an instigator. Exactly.
That's funny. Thank you for me. So what do you do for for your time when you're not on prolific doing studies or what do you what do you do for fun?
Yes I have actually.
all right so you are a big fan of Orson scott card? That's awesome.
Well
How is that?
No
it was just the fact
that he was uh That's funny.
what?
That's funny. I had 94. Yeah.
well.
what?
hello.
Well
well that's kind of the nature of politics. Is that?
Yeah and sometimes you got to make a move um best for the political, best for the country's entrance but not for your political interests and sometimes it turned around and bite you.
well.
well.
What
not
Hello.
please.
Well
were you in the service or?
What?
Yeah. He didn't want to do that after the situation with your brother so um.
What?
About
Well
what?
Well.
Well.
what?
So I'm part of a spread out family too. I am uh we we we do weekly zoom chats also um every sunday we have a weak reason chad actually and
yeah we have a weak reason here on sunday. And uh I have a brother in also uh Washington state, he's in Battleground which is close to Vancouver. And then I have a brother in Hawaii Tuesday mr Gerin Idol. one sister all the way over and Jordan close to Saudi Arabia. And that's because
her husband,
her husband worked for the ah US State department as a as a diplomat. So they're over there in Jordan and
well
oh yeah and when they do they enjoy it? But yes they are far far away from most of everybody and everything so.
Well
cool. Yeah and then I have a sister in texas and I have a sister in Washington. So Tuesday siblings in Washington, two siblings in Idaho Texas Jordan and uh and hawaii so
oh I live half hour from Boise
Well
what?
That's crazy. Well
move
over.
Well.
I've been I've been to Detroit I've I've been to Detroit I uh I've seen the Henry ford museum and
Yeah yeah so uh
I've
been there
Yeah, I mean, they have locomotives in there for Pete's sakes. So it's a, it's pretty big. But um, and then I, uh, on the side, I, I'm putting together a, because I have a degree in mass communications and with Covid and with everything going on, um, everybody has a lot of time on their hands, including me. And so when I decided I was going to do, was, I'm creating a fictitious radio station and I am, um, being
the DJ for a fictitious radio station, recording music, putting in ads, uh, playing music, all the fun stuff. And I'm creating a radio station from scratch. So yeah.
that's fun. Yeah, it's fun. It's just hobby, you know, something to put your teeth into and other,
but
that's cool. That's cool.
No, my, my
might have recorded, it's like a podcast I think.
And you could
just put
your podcast on there so
right, right. Right, right. They incentivize it.
right. Exactly. You can't always get what you want I guess
that
what
I've been to Quincy and Hannibal actually. That's crazy.
That's really neat.
let let
all
It actually is a good chat. I I have enjoyed it. I am I would definitely love to stick around. I have some other plans this afternoon so I probably should go. But it has been really enjoyable talking to you. I think you have so many stories I could sit here and and not say a word and listen to all your stories. So
well, it's okay.
I like
this story. I liked listening to stories.
No,
Okay. I need a product. I'm I need to practice on my listening skills anyway, so it's all good. So
you too. And what number of studies this for you? Have you done this a few times or is this the first? Yeah.
Okay. This is my 4th. So we're pretty close
all.
they're insane. Yeah.
angry.
Uh
I
mean right now government.
Alright, good talking to you.
Well, bye.