Hello. Uh huh. Can you hear me?
there you are. Hi. I apologize. There has been a, I was having difficulty understanding the instructions. Apparently the link did not work the first two or three times I tried it. Finally, I copied everything down to the word email and that seems to have worked. So
Hello. I apologize for being late. There's something I almost never am but specifically said do not even try to link up here until the appointed hour. So instead of what I usually do is start 10 minutes early to make sure I'm there. That is the story of my life. That's what I do anyway. Hi, who are you?
I'm Steve. I'm in uh I'm in a town 20 miles north of Cincinnati. Ohio. Where you
at?
So far out
what
part of? Check out what part of Chicago?
I've only
been
to Chicago a couple of times and always inside the loop. So I'm not that familiar with the rest. But I was there just in time. True, oddly enough. See the cubs beat their 100 year dry spell or whatever that was whatever year that was.
I know all the comics and so on are commenting about how 2020 has been one entire century of a year.
just about So are we supposed to talk about anything in specific?
Well I
get
mixed up on the instructions. Um, a few
days ago I had another meeting that turned out to be a guy who was conducting a product testing survey
and I, so I got them mixed up. I didn't know if there was supposed to be a random conversation or if he was going to be asking these specific questions about a new type of um, um,
health monitoring phone app, something that well, I'm diabetic and this was specifically about diabetes, but I just had to tell him that
when it comes to a phone app, that is something that is for a while. I can see how for someone who is newly diagnosed with an illness that requires them to take well About 15 different types of medicine three times a day. I can see where at first that would be a major problem because I would like so many other people would carry one of those pill boxes at every swing for this hour. And that our oh lost you. We try
to put you back up.
I
tried I can still hear you but all I see is a blank face. Um I'm going to put you up on the main screen see if that helps any. Yeah. No I see me and not you. That's
not that important. Well um
we'll survive it. What do you do for a living?
Right.
I am one of those people who you uh serve.
Then
they matched
us up. Exactly because that is my thing. I am after having spent, let's see From 2012 2 2013 when I was about a year and a half total in the hospital uh came out uh with absolutely nothing but the hospital gown on my back or front as it were as we know the hospital gallons don't have backs. So that was an embarrassing, very embarrassing thing to be standing out on a street corner wearing. I'm kidding but that's not too far off the one that got out of the hospital. Obviously everything I had ever owned was gone. So from 2013 until now that's been rebuilding process and As a rebuilding a life of any kind. So as of 2014 um I finally managed to well got on total total permanent disability. Is that what it is?
So I'm on Social Security Social Security disability. So while my lawyer described that as I would be so there your mind while my dear lawyer described that as I would be set for life, what he means is that I will be able to survive barely. Because as we all know, Social Security is about half of the way Below, you know, if the poverty level is $24,000 a year or less, then people on Social Security make half of that.
Yeah. Well of course, the thing I discovered very quickly, you know after Really I kind of retired and went into a sort of a stasis mode in 2007 and coming back out and back into the world in 2013 or 2014, go, Okay, good story, we got 25 minutes. I finally got my social security disability. And that made me eligible for something called S. E. Supplemental security income which is supposed to be your something you're getting to survive on while you are filing for disability. But in actuality you don't get it until you get the disability. So a classic oxen more oxymoron. But when you do get that big check, first of all, the federal government says they can't give it to you all at one time because they don't have it. That was hilarious. But when you go to a bank to try, when I went to a bank to try to deposit some $20,000 into a savings account to start a savings account first the teller at the bank told me I had to go and withdraw it from an ATM and bring it to them Had what $300 at a time.
So that was nuts. But when I finally got days later, when I finally got in touch with some sort of management person who did manage to take my government check. Maybe they don't trust the government either. But when I finally did manage to get a savings account open, um and then a year later I get an email from them telling me that because I have not access that account, they're going to start charging me $50 a month to have it. I'm like, wait, this is a savings account. The whole point is it's supposed to sit there accruing interest until you know, 10 minutes before I die so that I can pass it on to my descendants. Um This is the same music count. What's the deal here? Well, of course, now we know what I had suspected for years is that since 1998 and a change in the way banking is ruled that banks are not savings and loans, corporations, they are financial institutions selling financial instruments. In other words, they are they're basically um what they're doing is they're selling you, they are charging you for their service because they have tried their very best to make themselves absolutely necessary. Mhm. However, they have totally failed because none of them. The one thing I said to the lady when I went there to close my account out of disgust, I said if you think that you are absolutely, I forgot the word, I can't think the word. All I can think of is inevitable. If you think you are absolutely necessary, then have you ever tried to get a taxi in Mumbai? Because guess what? You cannot get a taxi and Mumbai with Visa card. You cannot use a Visa card or Mastercard or any kind of a bank card, american express or anything like that. Or a debit card or a phone payment system. You know whatever that is. You cannot use that to get a cab in Mumbai. You know what you can use to get a cab in Mumbai with american dollars. You know you can get a jack in the Himalayas to go up Mount Everest in, can't use a Visa. You have to use american dollars. So these banks that have convinced you they are an absolute necessity are wrong. Yeah. Yeah. Where I live now in fact is so out of touch with the modern age that I literally could not use paypal to go to my local store and buy something if I wanted to. They don't have that technology.
And how did I deal with it? I carry american dollars.
Yeah. You were obviously much younger than I am. So you might be the type of person such as my ex. Uh I'm a musician and I was most recently over five years working with music partner. Uh you know uh we had a singing duo and she was only like 20, she's I think 27 now. But she was while younger. When I first met her, I was that I was running a open mic at a coffee house and she walked in and got up there and some Turn the page by Bob Seger Perfectly. And I went to her father and her parents who were there is how old is this chick? She looks 16. Why does she know who Bob Seger is? So I was highly impressed by that. So we started a musical relationship and her being that young and also having been home schooled and rather sheltered. She has a whole bunch of social developmental mental issues. But one thing she had no concept of was cash. I mean, she was literally the type of person, as many are who, you know have to have a card to buy a stick of gum, whereas I am quite the opposite and come from a heavily cash based society uh where the idea of a card is something I would go, well maybe I'll get one just for an emergency and I'm from that generation, so I'm quite familiar with cash, I know what it looks like, I know what it feels like, and I also know if somebody gives me a pay coin
Um I can send you some, I've got about $900 in quarters over here.
My local market relies on me quite a bit late at night. I will actually go over there, like in the late evening, I'll go over there to get a late night snack or something and they will say, you know, we're out of pennies, nickels, dimes, quarters, well as it happens, I've got a whole bunch of so and the last time I went over there was like, Okay, here you go. I rolled up some and it was like $98 and that was last night. So, and so they're grateful for the fact that because of my, because of covid weight gain, don't wear anything but sweats and the sweats don't stay up because I'm fat, so I don't wear change in my pockets because I just wave my pants down
as a result, I'm going a whole bunch of change sitting over here in coffee gins in the morning. In fact, literally when my friend, my music partner friend came over one time and I told her I could use the mel growing up some days. She did not believe that I thought I had $1000 in change and coffee cans on myself until she took one look and said, I think you do, we wound up and we have $1450. The issue was taking it too. That's another thing about banks. Banks won't take it. Come there was a time not very long ago. In fact, my mother, my father owned a gas station small business back in the days before. It was cool to own a small business. If you weren't a corporate suit man that you were nobody, we were a family of gas station owners who lived in a neighborhood of lawyers who all look down on us because, well basically my father parked the boat beside the house and the front yard was full of cars in various states of repair. So they hated us, especially the guy next door who was a general, well, the big industry down here was General Electric. They, they employed about half the city of Cincinnati. And my city is one of those suburban communities that were built out of that. Well, general electric and a place called Fisher Body, which makes all the bodies for general motors cars and used to make tanks and so on and so forth. But anyway, so uh, we used to have a slider where you pour a slide on an angle or you pour them change slowly down the thing and they would all go down there little slides and their little slots and I'll come about in little steps opinion, nickels, dimes and quarters and that has five year olds. That was a favorite thing I wanted to do was like uh mhm. But then there is the electronic coin changers, there's also, what is that, what eventually became called coin star? You're familiar with that, the big machine at the grocery store. You take all your change and you put it in there and account you, but it doesn't give you cash, it gives you a slip of paper that just then supposed to take to the cashier and get cash. And even nowadays that confuses the cashier. She's like, what is this you want to buy something? Uh It's a very frustrating, very uh by and by this, what's the word? Um
or our entire culture in America is based entirely on that. You know what I discovered in Chicago when I was there for an extended period for a week, about three or 44 or five years ago down inside the loop. The first thing that I found fascinating was why is the next person in line Standing six ft back from the person at the counter. This was long before Covid. I came to discover that was because of the vince paint of and I guess it's still happening of people being able to use their phone to read was on your car as your swiping in to get information through the IV either. And so that made sense. And so that cracks me up when this year came about and I realized, well, wait a minute. This whole six ft thing
Chicago has had been doing it for years. And me personally, living in a region that is, oh, what shall we say, low income, high crime neighborhood. Um, I have and we have always had a thing about don't get inside my personal space. In other words, stay at least one arm's length away. So for covid all you have to do is double that number. And I've always done that because being disabled and no longer capable of basically protecting myself or defending myself in the ways that I used to back before because my my injuries described by a my doctors and nurses in the hospital has, what were you hit by a train? No, it was repetitive stress injuries over a lifetime of doing the hard labor that no one else wanted to do because no one else wanted to do it and they would refuse. And I also got paid quite well for doing that. That was what I did during the day to find my music during the night. So I always had a day job and that day job always involved moving people's furniture up four floors because nobody has an elevator or if they do have an elevator, you certainly can't put your couch in the elevator. Moving corporate furniture is easy. Everybody's got a big freight elevator and
you can put everything up on wheels, You're moving somebody's furniture, you basically literally have to strap the cows on your back and climb the steps. And that is one of many things I used to do. I was a six ft two guy who was, you know, used to work out and could lift up Volkswagens and was frequently called on to do exactly that because they take one look at me and go, I never mind your brain, what we need is your brawn, because we've got lots of brains over here, but nobody that can pick this up and move it over there. So I spent a lot of lifetime doing that. We're moving furniture and working loading docks and things like that during the day because it also paid well and was a good way to stay in shape. I've always had a theory about going to the gym and why would you pay to go to a gym when you know you're going to fight tooth and nail in the parking lot to get that one parking lot space, one door, one face closer to the door when I, if you just
walked through the door and back, you're done and you save your gym feet. So you know, get up and do some work. And I think the old Rocky movie where Rocky would Walla drago with that Rocky free where the Russian guy came in and scientific analysis done and all these uh,
scientific exercises. Rocky goes to a farm in Russia And works for six months. I'm a firm believer and exercise through work, lost track of the conversation. I'm
the type
of guy
I'm a performer and an entertainer. So if someone gives me 25 minutes on a stage, I will use it and run out of time before I get finished. I also tend to be scattered shot when it comes to thought processes. Have
you ever heard of Gary mule deer?
He's
a comic from going way, way back, uh, the seventies and so on. And he's recently back in the, in the news because he's got an internet channel. But he's a guy who did. I followed his example. He's a guy who went to an open mic way back in the early seventies at a beach bar in L. A. To go play his music and get discovered. And what he discovered was that no one was listening until rather than play his guitar, he would start to play and then start telling jokes, then people listen. So he became something of a legendary comedian. We're going back to the johnny Carson days, but I kind of copied his act and doing that ever since when I go on on stage out here, up until this year I would go out and I would start my act and then I would realize that I had forgotten to play one an entire song. Mhm. It's like, well you don't really want to hear this, especially dinner theater. But so I had to actually train myself to learn to start playing music. I'd forgotten. I just get busy.
No. Um What I do is I am spending this year recording an album. Well that has been a whole set of new issues. That also because while I was accomplished producer and uh
composer and what they called a staff songwriter in L. A. In the eighties and nineties, my job was I was given an assignment. They needed a piece of music this long particular type of style in a particular length to go under a video or to introduce a radio program. You know what we call then incidental music. It's now called Sync licensing. So I don't think my job didn't exist. But my job was literally to write music to go, like if you ever watched a corporate training video Or a documentary, there is 99% likely to be music under it. And that was my job because I was cheaper than trying to pay for the rights to anybody else's music. And also I could write music that specified whatever style or this and that they wanted. Now this didn't have the side effect is that many years after I had stopped doing that job, I was at a bachelor party and I heard some music, some of my music coming out of a back room at this bachelor party and I went back there to look and there were five guys watching a porno. And sure enough, my music had been sink to a porno
and like, okay, sure why not? That never mattered to me. All I know is I got a weekly paycheck paycheck for producing this music, one piece of music or two pieces of music, whatever I was assigned every week. So that's why I was called a staff songwriter rather than have to worry about what they call spec as inspector, Get paid, try to sell it and then get points on the gross. I actually got a weekly paycheck to produce music on demand, which was a word that did not exist. It meant something entirely different than, than it does now. Yeah.
Yeah. Well just that did surprise me some because no one had actually told me that but also I don't care. All I cared was at the time I had a family to take care of. You know, I know
is that I got paid on friday. Sure you know as I said, my, my father was a blue collar,
he came when I came out of the blue collar world. So I wanted to know, you know, it was my big concern was getting a weekly paycheck on friday rather than hoping to get a big check once I just wanted to study job when you're living in L. A. You definitely need money. Okay.
So
what else
do you do?
Gradual group.
I actually skipped grad school, I had an opportunity to go to L. A. To get the big check and of course, like so many things as described by my favorite author, Douglas Adams, I got out there and I did many things that were almost entirely, almost a huge success, but in fact never quite saw the light of day. Aaron,
perhaps not, although it is something that I have recently considered getting back into, because my degrees in music theory and composition and while I was highly successful, oddly enough, in the few music education classes that I took, in fact, I got an award for a unit that I wrote on teaching, uh what should we call at risk, use music classes. I basically gave them all hammers and drums,
but it turned out to be highly successful thing and I got an award for that. But what I don't have is an education degree. And in the past five years I have found myself um teaching
kids in group situations to be a band to be musicians specifically. Uh do you know what a praise band is?
The kids at the church that do contemporary christian music as opposed to the traditional choir and all that stuff. And contemporary christian music or see I am contemporary, inspirational music is as big a business these days as any other genre in the music industry. They, they do quite well.
So that's what a lot of what I'm recording is. Um I wound up working with. Uh it turns out the reason I was sent here, if you want to say by God or by the universe. I was followed by a whale kicking, dragged out of L. A. And kicking and screaming out of L. A. And dropped into this weird town in southwestern Ohio, where there was this methodist church that was almost dead. That was about ready to close. It was a 200 year old methodist church with a giant cathedral style sanctuary that needed my skills, which was the ability to take a bunch of music equipment speakers, uh, stereo, you know, speakers, monitors, amplifiers and so on so forth. They were all from entirely different periods of time in history and cobble them all together into systems that worked together to make music. And now I am, that is my primary job is I'm the Contemporary Music Director at First United Methodist Church in Hamilton Ohio, because that's what apparently was needed by them. And since then we have grown quite a bit because I happen to know that sound is important, something computer and geeks seemed to have never figured out The sound matters. And we've now got from where we had 22, 50 Older people and maybe 30 younger people, the 30 younger people at the morning at the early contemporary service, and then maybe 30 older people at the traditional service, we now get over almost 1000 views a week for our church service. So the idea of streaming is something that the church has just discovered as a thing that can be done and given me a budget to do it with an incredibly limited, limited budget. Actually, what they're doing is they're counting on the fact that I once again, I know how to kabul beat up old equipment together into something that works teaching. I'll tell our phone a smartphone how to listen to a microphone. It's way harder than you could possibly imagine google it sometimes. It's incredibly complicated.
Well, quite frankly, they only asked me after they ran out of other ideas because of that. The more senior people in the church are against the entire idea of contemporary approach to Christianity in general. They like some people like things old school, that's fine. I sing in the choir too And that's great because these people are really good at what they do. Aren't very many people and they're all older folks, but they're really good. And singing in this gigantic sanctuary was specifically designed around one of these 200 pipe organs is cool. You go in there and sing one time you go, wow, this is great. I thought singing in the shower, it was good. You ain't seen nothing yet. In fact, the sound there is so good that local, the Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra and various other the Ohio State University Orchestra and Choir. They come down here to report in that room because it's really cool. It's a great room for 1st sound, which was why many people think that they were pioneers because uh, a lot of people don't know that the Methodists did not even allow instruments inside the church Until 1928 Charles and john Wesley, especially Charles, Wesley wrote a lot of hymns, but they were not meant to be accompanied by anybody or anything. You're supposed to stand there and sing it exactly as was written. And unfortunately in this modern, the past 100 years, everybody has forgotten how to sing. Thanks to a guy named ralph peer and the popularization of vinyl records. Well, hey, you know what? Mhm. I'm not going to complain about vinyl records, cracks me up the people of your age. I'm not sure how you are, but my guess is you would understand if you're unsure in grad school if in the recent past, especially the past five or six or seven years, there's a recording studio. I worked out down the road where the kids are lining up every night to record on tape and pressed to vinyl. As in we're talking about 20 year old kids are making vinyl records.
that the millennials, the gen z have completely lost track of who is who and matter.
And that's what cracks me up is that they are now bigger than the boomers. And I don't even qualify my the people that are called baby boomers, the boomers don't even qualify me as boomer. I was born in 61 so I'm in the very tail ed end of that period. But I definitely remember the positive aspects of that period economically was that by that time, you know the average income, The average ceos income was about 24 times what his lowest paid employee was. The average American had one house and believe 2.4 Children and 1.5 cars. You know one new and one used car and everybody had one and that was normal. That is you know that is completely foreign to a lot of people these days are like don't understand the concept. What do you mean having a house and a car and a family?
Uh huh, yep. It all started with Ronald Reagan. Okay, after a brief reversal of that attitude in the 90s, with Bill Clinton as men then back with the what's his name? Barack Obama has been in a steady reversal really. You can start with the idea of trickle down economics which everyone, you know, Starting in the 1980s by that time, it had been 50 years since 1930. And everybody forgot the reason why Hubert Herbert Hoover is one of the worst names in the history of history. Everybody thinks he caused the depression and he only caused it while he was one of the most respected and best administrators of the time. He genuinely believed that the
economy can be cured by rich people donating And they failed to donate and starting in the 80s with the greatest good type period. He actually, resulting in a movie called Greed that everybody thought was a good thing, not, you know, not a shot at anybody or whatever the word is for that, I've forgotten the first one I'm talking to him once the English language starts to become a foreign one. But ever since then, and then then then that's when uh, the cost of an education, I consider myself to have been from the last period of people that could go to college to study too be intelligent and not to be trained to a specific job. Nowadays people are graduating college and they only know how to do S. T. E. M. But they don't know anything about the history of how they got there, why they're there or they also can barely speak or write in english.
I had a uh a friend of mine years ago, I had a son who was born in Germany, he was an army guy, Air Force actually, and he was born in Germany and by the age of 10 he could speak five languages without thinking about it, you know, just automatically. And so the Europeans have always had that specific advantage when it comes to because there is nothing that will make you smarter and learning another language and open up your mind to new possibilities of how people perceive things. In fact, it's my knowledge is spanish, Which I oddly enough learned mostly by living in L. A. for 10 years. That got me my uh what I do now is what I do is I teach uh the young people I teach to work together in a band format uh are are hispanic. And the first thing I found out was with teaching these people is that my spanish was better than theirs. They were second generation or first generation americans and their english is better than mine.
Good. Okay.
It
is,
Yes, I'm in 9:45. I'm in eastern time. So yeah, we've been talking for about 45, about 40 minutes
like
I said,
I'm
on
20 27
at least actually have this up here. I'm in a home office now. It's uh I was I had to make this because they wouldn't give me an office in the church and when they finally did give me a space to use as an office, it never occurred to them to get wifi. They're still barely working on the concept of internet, Yep.
Since here we've been talking for about 40 minutes and 20 seconds. So that's good enough. I guess we can move on from here.
It's good talking to you tube oven. Love me into Chicago. Uh, my name is steve. Um, I usually go by brashear, which is my name and anyone is in Kentucky knows that name. Well anyone outside of Kentucky cats fell it It's a name that comes from very quickly. It comes from in 1632, 2 brothers named brochure came from France to boston, escaping the french Hugo, not persecution. One of them moved south into north Carolina and got, you know, they're 16 thirties and got rich on tobacco. The cash crop of early America. The other one went even when west into Kentucky and got drunk on corn squeezes and guess which side of the family I'm from. But
anyway, and if I ever
get up to Chicago, I can't drink anymore because I'm diabetic. But that's how I don't care if you do. But if I ever get up to Chicago, I'll probably be under that name or fuzzy steve. That's
another name I've been using on stage, it spends on which town I'm in. Somehow I worked out fuzzy steve because I said that into a microphone and now I'm stuck with. So if you ever see fuzzy steve somewhere playing in the Chicago area, how might that might, that's probably going
to be me,
stop
in and say hello, what was your name again?
Yeah. Riley. Okay. That's,
that's pretty
remember.
Herbal.
Okay. I'll keep, I'll keep an ear out for you. Good
talking to
you. I guess
I
move.
Have a good one.
talking