Okay. Yes. Uh huh Yeah. Hey, I don't care. Me Oh, why? I'm tired. Mm I don't know. I am well mm Yeah, I'll show up. Yeah. Yeah. Oh you're right. You don't know not but I got to it never. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Work. Yeah. Right, right. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh Hey? Yeah. Yeah. Mm Yeah. Mhm Okay. Yeah. Mhm Uh huh Yeah. What? Yeah, Yeah. Hello?
Okay, I can hear you pretty good. Let me turn mine up a little bit too. All right, can you see me? Pretty good?
Yeah. All right, great. Uh my name is brian.
Okay. Hey, Kaylie, so uh I guess we gotta come up with something to talk about for 25. Okay.
I live in uh oh man, I went blank warren. Michigan. Yeah, yeah, look superb. I guess this is suburban town outside of michigan
outside of Detroit. So yeah, it's kind of nice where you live at
good for you. Well maybe I guess this is me.
Yeah, how you look at you know I kind of feel like I spoke to you before. Have we ever spoke? Is
this
your first
time doing this?
Okay then? Okay. Okay so
you do yeah maybe just have one of those faces. Just have a pleasant face. So so what's going on down there in florida?
Really? Okay. How do you feel about that going going back with?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah it's real sensitive. Yeah I I actually worked uh in the school system for maybe a year. Um Yeah I was a computer. My background is in I. T. So I did some some training but it was it was mostly underprivileged kids and things of that nature but it was pretty cool. But I I I admire anybody who can do that. Well it was rough. I enjoyed it but if you do that on a full time basis, God bless you. It's, what grade do you teach?
Okay.
Okay. Cool. Cool. Already,
who does? I couldn't hear you.
My
my
wife before she retired, she worked for Wayne County Community College in michigan uh downtown Detroit and then the eastern campus. And she did it. She actually retired doing that. So it's pretty cool. So I have a little bit of uh you know, understanding of that. Although my background is I I t you know, I did some programming work for forward. I worked for christian for a little while, uh then helped us
and then
now I do this on a full time basis,
micro tests. Um um Man, I'm going blank. Um Fiver internet marketing. So. Yeah. Well actually um on my last job I actually think I caught some coronavirus. And uh yeah.
And I had my doctor, we had a phone uh
meeting or phone appointment and he didn't diagnose me, but he said based on what I told him. I think I called it, but I feel better now. So I had another appointment. But uh this online thing has been working out though. It's
been working out. So what do you do it just for a little extra income or It's just fine.
All right. Why not? Right. Not. Right. So do you do just do this and more?
Yeah. I mean if you're interested there are so many uh you might want you ever heard of swag bucks?
Yeah, you might
want to do it and it's just like it sounds
S. W. A. G. B. U. C. K. S. Uh They do that. They are pretty good cue me. Q.
Q. M. E. dot com is another one. And with you being a teacher or working in the educational system, I'm pretty sure your demographics will work well.
And
then one other one that I use, because me and my wife are planning on going on the trip, just called my points and we use that and I've almost built up enough points to actually go on a trip,
so
we were, yeah, we were, we were thinking about it and then we were kind of nervous and uh I don't know, I don't know how is it, I mean, would you advise someone to come to florida with the pandemic and all that?
I think she said Orlando is where she wants to go? Yeah.
Orlando.
anywhere else? Okay, cool, cool.
Okay,
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what we, that's what we, that we had thought about new york, but we're kind of old for new york. I understand they trample over you if
you don't move fast so we don't want to do that. So
yeah, yeah, I'm gonna go and relax. So what do you uh I don't know, I started this conversation with a young lady because I did, I do this a lot, so I did this the other day, so I'm a little leery about starting this conversation, but I mean I've already done it. So uh
how do you, how do you feel about talking about politics? Is that making uncomfortable?
So so where do you stand on all this uh trump and all of this is going on is crazy.
I I don't like them it either. I don't, I don't, I have voted Republican though before, I tend to vote democratic, but I have voted Republican, and so when he was elected, I thought, okay, it's done,
let's see what happens. But I I really think that he's a sociopath. I really believe that and I'm hoping that he gets out of office and not that uh you know,
biden
is a savior, anything. But I really believe four more years of this man, I think it will destroy democracy. I really believe that. So, hopefully we'll get them out of there.
that's
Yeah. And I did a little research on him and he's kind of a laughing stock. Uh you know, and it's like, wow, you know, how did we go from what we well anyway, yeah, he's gonna get out of there. I hope, I hope he gets out. I don't I don't think he's gonna he's gonna work out you know it's interesting that you work in the educational uh environment. What what is it? Uh I've actually thought about doing some teaching online like doing teaching english and they have these sites where they will let you um do that but they either want you to have a degree related to it which I don't or they want you to have. I'm trying to think of this maybe you know what this is. Is there something uh known as a english certification or you can actually speak someone to take uh teach english to somebody?
Okay let me see I'm gonna I hear you I'm gonna write I'm going to put that in for what is it called?
C. E. S. O. L. Okay I'm gonna
let
me
do.
Okay. C. E. S. O. L.
I'm sorry T. E. So. Okay, I'm gonna send myself an email two.
Okay. V. I.
P.
Ticket?
Close to it, but it was it was uh maybe 25 credits away. Uh
Okay. Okay, let me write that time. I'm sorry. What did you call that? T. S so
so Okay, thank you. Okay. Mhm. Cool, Cool,
cool, cool.
cool.
Yeah, I'm looking I'm looking forward to it, I'm looking. Okay. Okay, I'm sorry, got a little distracted
there.
good for you, good for you.
that's
Right, no, I understand. That's cool. Where'd you graduate from?
Okay, cool, cool. So
that feel no, go ahead, go ahead. I'm sorry.
I've been uh I've been going to school off and on for it. God knows how long because because I really when I went to college, because of my background, I went to junior college because I was too much of a clown to go to a uh to a university. And because of my background and where I grew up in inner city, it was like, well do something or get caught up in something else. So I decided to go to community college. And the funny thing, I immediately wanted to go into business. I didn't
want to,
you know, I don't I don't know how smart that was, but as soon as I learned how to program and do other things, I started trying to make money on the side. So really, most of my working life, I have worked, job, work, the business worked up. So now uh my wife retired were older and we sat down and agreed. So I said, just go for it, just do it and it's
actually working out for me, it's actually work, you know, I'm sad that a pandemic pushed me to this point, but I'm it's working out, it's working out, yep, yep. So
good for
good.
Do
it Really?
Okay.
Yeah, that is awesome. Yeah, so you felt kind of comfortable and? Okay. Okay cool. Yeah.
Yeah, that's cool. Yeah, I I've thought about going to the College of Life Long Learning at Wayne State University to finish, I don't know, you know, I might finish just to say that I finished this dude, feel good, but I uh I don't know, I I don't know if I could work for nobody again and if I have to, I will, but I I really don't want to, I'm spoiled now, I like I like being at home, I like being able to spend time with my wife whenever I want, but I'm not crazy either if I have to, you know, got to eat, but but I love it, so I think that is so cool that you teach or you in that environment. So this is your no, you've done it before.
Good.
this is yeah,
no that's that's pretty cool. Yeah, yeah, so you say you're excited about it and all that good stuff?
write it all kind of went sour, so uh social distancing all that you guys prepared you think or
no?
Till the end of this? In august.
Okay.
So is that is that nationwide or just in florida as far as you know?
Okay, so it's not a man because I know trump had said he was going to uh I don't know if he can actually do this, but I know he said he was going to try to force people to uh to go back, which I don't know if he can legally do that, you know?
I couldn't do it. Yeah. Yeah. Do you do you have Children if I'm not being too personal? Okay.
good for you, good for you. All right. All right. All
All right. I've been married for 25 years almost.
Thanks, Yep, Yep. She has been putting up with me for 25 years,
so and that's what we were going to do to celebrate the 25th. We were going to come to Florida and uh so I don't know. I would
like to do it.
Yeah, that's what we want to do. So have they have they opened up a lot of the restaurants? I know what, you know, uh, limited seating and so forth. Okay.
Okay. Okay. Yeah, I would like to do that now. We, we passed through, no, we didn't pass through years ago before my mom passed. She, we had, she had a timeshare In uh, Orlando Florida and it was beautiful. We stayed for about a week, but you know, that was 20 something years ago. But I remember it was so awesome. The only thing I didn't like is the weather, you know the storms? Oh man, it frightened me to death, but the palm trees and it was just beautiful and I didn't want to come back, but you know, I had to come back and work and live my life. But man, living down there, it seems like it would be cool. Like, you know, do you guys have landslides and okay.
You're
like landslides from, uh,
How often do you guys get hurricanes?
Do that. Okay. Okay.
Okay, awesome, awesome. Yeah. So maybe we will do that. Maybe we will do that. And if not, maybe we'll just, we'll do something, but you got to celebrate 25 years, so, Oh yeah, yeah. So I'm proud of that. So how long you been engaged?
That's pretty
Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. You think you think it's, uh, you think it's over? I mean we know it's not over. I want, I
don't think it's gonna be over too quickly.
that's what I think
that sort of thing here and then, and I also not to be pessimistic, but I, I think, I think there's a possibility we could go into a depression. I believe that, you know, because I'm because I'm online, I spent a lot of time research and and uh it's not looking real good,
you know?
So a
lot of them trying to make money online. Okay.
wow. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know, we got a second stimulus check coming, yeah.
Oh, they didn't, they didn't give you you didn't? Oh,
Oh, yeah, yeah, we, me and my wife got one. It helps. So are you are teachers and essential worker? Is that is that what you would be in the central worker? I would think so, because you put in your life, you know, we're not your life at risk, but I'm just saying, you know, you're out there.
that's
true.
Okay. Okay, so you're probably
good
woman.
No, no,
I understand. I understand completely, yep. So what else is exciting? What else is going on?
That is too cool. Okay. I don't know, you might think I'm silly. Remember this movie called? Oh man, I can't believe, I don't think it was even in Japan, Lost in translation. Do you remember that?
uh Scarlett Johansson and Bill Murray and uh well I think she really think they were, they might have been in Japan but anyway that movie made me want to go uh I got an issue with flying so that's probably not gonna happen. But
uh wow, is that expensive if I'm not being too, you know? No.
so people are going to actually come to Japan? What?
right, right. But you're not actually having the wedding in Japan,
you're going
Okay, okay. I thought that would be real cool. But now. Okay, I hope
that
so what?
Oh yeah that would be uh yeah that would be
crazy.
Well I mean I wish you luck in your marriage and uh you know, happy trips in Japan and all that beautiful stuff and uh I hope you enjoy yourself.
Yeah. Yeah, I'm gonna I think I'm gonna talk to my wife about it tonight and we I got enough points, I'm gonna cash my points in and we're gonna come to Orlando. All right, well it was nice talking with you,
yep. We had uh are we now, wait a minute, I don't want to rush. No, we got three minutes. Okay. Yeah thanks for telling. Because I'm looking at my uh my computer time is a little fast, a little fast.
Right? So I mean I hope you check out these uh these different sites I was telling you
about. You can make some Uh doing this. Just this was not just this, but some some of the sites I use, I probably make an additional 600 a month. Yeah. Yeah. But I mean, I've I've got it down to a science. I mean, I'm, you know, I'm here in the morning and evening, I'm writing notes and so, you know, it's a little tedious, you know, a little aggravating, but, you know, the money comes in and uh you know, I'm paying internet bill, phone bill, uh you know, buying groceries with putting gas in the car. It is so cool. It is so cool. And what I'm trying to do is I'm going to um the internet marketing part of it to draw more people and I think I'm gonna create a training class so that I can help other people earn a full time income uh if they so desire to do it and it's it's very doable and I'm really excited about it, I'm really excited about it. So doing these some internet marketing, GPT sites, uh micro sites all that together. Internet marketing. A person could realistically make 30 35 grand a year once they're not not coming into it but once they build up to it. So yeah that's what I'm looking to do and uh that's what I'm gonna do actually actually, yep.
but yeah that would be cool but you know I know people, believe me or not, I know people making 10 grand a month. Yeah.
Yeah not just doing internet marketing, doing affiliate marketing, selling products online. I mean other people's products, affiliate marketing. Yeah I know a few people to make 10 grand a year. I mean a month. Uh
I
know, I know a teacher that makes 200 grand teaching and creating uh tutorials and I'm telling you, it's you know, it's worth looking into. I'm just saying why you in school or whatever happens. It's crazy. And like you said, well, I'm you know, I'm not as young as you, but you know, some years ago it wasn't even thought of, you couldn't even it sounds ridiculous, right? But now, not only is it not ridiculous, I actually think it's going to become more of a norm. I really do, especially with pandemic and things like that. So yeah, that that's my goal. That's my goal, nope.
okay.
We hit it. All right. Thank you. Have a have a safe trip. And it was nice talking with you
already.
Bye bye.