bro, My volume was down.
Yes. Can you see me? All right.
Hi, my name is Kayleigh.
well where do you live?
great.
I'm down near Tampa in florida. Oh
depends on,
I
don't
think,
yes, this is my first time,
but you're the second person this week to say that I looked familiar, so I don't know.
Not too much. I'm getting I work in the school system and so I'm getting ready to go back so it's been a little hectic but not crazy.
I'm back and forth. I'm excited to see my kids again. But you know, there's so much going on.
Um Actually I'm a guidance counselor and so I do grades will be through. Oh
yeah,
the month she does, they're afraid so.
My mother, It is
the 1st
1.
of
course.
right. The surveys and stuff, Yeah.
One.
No.
I
lose anyway and I found out you can like do things like that for money. I was like, well okay, that works for,
No, it's only one I found so far grab the ones I might have to look into them and see.
I haven't, no
work
that.
What?
How
perfect.
Where do
you get in the water? Uh huh.
It where would you want to go? Are you looking at the beaches are more like Orlando?
Everyone
asked to wear masks there. So yeah, I don't think it's going to specifically is more spread out. So any worse than yeah.
I've actually looked, my boyfriend lives over in Orlando so I went and visited um
wasn't it? Okay.
Yeah.
Well
Or to relax so.
Yeah.
no, no. Yeah.
Yes. Well I'm a, so I'm a social work major actually my background. So um they definitely teach you to look more like to offer offer perspective, you know? And I want the person that's going to do the best for everyone, you know? Um and I come from both sides because like my family is pretty split, so I like half conservative, liberal. Um I don't like him. Mhm
You know?
More
so
Diarrhea. I can't and don't having someone in office like is so hateful towards, you know, populations, uh like it's just what, it's why it's me, like people like to look at that, I'm like no, this is the representative card.
Like when I think of America they now think of trump, I don't want that person being like what everyone thinks americans are like you know. Yeah
Yes it's called like T. Cell or something in english like um and it's not you have to do a full degree I think you can do it online.
Uh huh. E. S. O. L.
you
just
want
to research before you go in because there's some companies that will but they help they do the certification and then they help you find a job
T. E. S. L. L.
LTD. Mhm. But I know someone that I know someone who teaches oh there's a website called V. I. P. Kid
and
who
require a um a degree. There are they're not too strict on what you have so I don't know if you have a bachelor's degree.
I don't there's something that only require an area or something similar in some bachelors but you can definitely do it.
T. E. S. O. L.
yes.
That's that certificate and then you can do it. Uh
huh.
I know
you I agree with you and they prefer americans because we don't have an accent. Um But it's great because you really get to do your own schedule. I haven't done it yet because I just I graduated in december so I just got my
I just started right before all the craziness. You know, I'm
like you want to add one more thing
U. C. F. It's in Orlando actually
actually
it is the largest um college in the country actually. Yeah. With 60 some 65,000 students. Yeah.
You
know.
I have.
that's
not so
sure that, you know, we had arranged with people who were like traditional college age, right? But then people were returning, you know,
and I loved,
had worked 20 or 30 years sometimes and or they were a lot of military, retired military personnel. Uh
Yeah, it was great. I think that's awesome.
I was kind of a young woman and I like that I like not like having so many different people from different backgrounds and age and you know situations. It was really cool.
Yeah. Well, I, I substituted before but
actually being like full time in charge that yeah, I only started january, But I grew up like I said, my mom, this is her 26th year. And so I grew up with, you know, a teacher just
Yes.
I am. I miss my like I said it was different because we tried to who you know call the kids and everything online. But it is different seeing them in person and being able to have those interactions and it is talking or the phone, you know. No. And I felt like I was just getting used to everything because I started No.
Well it's going to end up being my my district offered three different options. And
so far 35% of our kids are doing some version of online. So it's gonna be a little easier to social distance because we're gonna have kids masks are mandatory. And we we tried to delay so we don't start till the end of the month.
Yes, August, Yes, August 30 should be the start date. Uh
huh.
Um My just my the counties near us. but this county is near um county or like they're doing something different.
I don't think our our governor to do the same thing. Uh huh And he had to like take it back because he couldn't do that.
I don't know, I'm getting married next december but
This work
well congrats
Everything
well
there are some very nice resorts in Orlando. Um It's in the middle of the state so if you like beaches then there's no beaches around there. What Orlando does have beautiful resorts if you want to just do something that has restaurants you know and schools and stuff and just relaxing environment then you can do.
at that because I think because the county has mandatory masks, the restaurants have been more comfortable opening.
Was
the grandson?
it's pretty much just for us if it's the hurricanes and then accept the like the rainstorms because even though we don't really get tornadoes often but they're usually like small but they're not
it depends on. So since I live near Tampa I've only gotten think to my entire life that were enough to be concerned you know Miami gets hit a lot.
but if you hold on the Tampa coast which has beautiful beaches as well then you you don't see them Because I've been here 23 years and
Um Just a few months. Nothing.
It was mid picnic and we decided we wanted to start planning because everything was getting crazy and so
more
I don't think so either that's what we did next. So hopefully by you know because it's December 2021 so hopefully by run it's over. But I still have at least some good Probably 4-5 months before something changes.
Well
no,
a lot of friends and family that have been furloughed or um you just, they just graduated and you can't find a job right now, you know? Oh
so
a lot of them luckily qualified for unemployment but that's running out so they're not sure the next few months. I feel like we're definitely going to be hard, you know?
I was I was awkward but I was in college last year so deeply independent. Um
No so hopefully I qualify. No, they change some of the qualifications but so much
I'm not sure no one's told like called us that yet because technically schools could go online but since we're not, I
don't
know how
people
are
some program
that you know.
I'm trying um well when we get married we're going to go to Japan. That's all right. Oh so very yes
you know the name but I haven't
are
well it's gonna be close enough Probably $5,000 but we're not asking for holding gifts. Were asking for money for the honeymoon. Oh.
so that will give us money instead of giving us like a blender or Mhm that's what happened. So
No
I don't know we're having here
Are
feeling too big for that. We can my
fiance he's one of 10 kids and I'm one and so
we'll
try to bring over.
you too. Well I hope you come down you get down to florida.
Did you get 85?
Yeah. So is mine so as I was looking at my phone knows.
No
That's just that because that's not hard of like, I mean I'm young but I was still unheard of like 10, 15 years ago. You basically a full time job at home with different things. So that's important those people.
For doing?
What
is criminal?
yeah. Good idea. Yeah. Okay.
We did it.
Thank you. You
too.