Hello,
how are you?
I'm pretty all right.
Oh yeah I've done this study a couple of times and like half of the time the partner doesn't show up.
Really nice compensation.
Uh huh.
Well
my name's lily. Um I am a full time student right now and then my last year of college so I've been doing student things, my family. What about you
child?
I studied psychology, yep. Why
you what about you?
yep. All of them are, I think there's a couple of classes on campus but I'm not in any of them, so
I am staying in, well I go to UC Davis, so I'm in Davis right now um just with my housemate since I already signed a lease might as well use it, you know
Britain?
If uh
yeah it does suck. Yeah and Davis like you have to sign like your lease in like february because like it's just so competitive with things. So obviously like the pandemic hadn't even started yet when I sign like,
oh it's just ridiculous. That's so cool that you go to cmu, I have a friend who goes there, she's studying art and stuff, so I've been there before to visit her and it's a really cool school. Oh.
What?
No.
I think I definitely would prefer it to being stuck at home with my parents as much as I love that. It's nice to sort of have the independence here, that's why I ended up staying. Yeah. And like they're all sort of friends of mine. Um So that's nice too.
Yeah, there's definitely some cons for sure. So like you were just living alone then, is that what you were doing? Nice.
I'm excited when I can finally do that as much as I love having house suites, I think, not having to worry about them doing chores that you want done is like, definitely preferable.
So the plan right now is I'm going to try working and see how that works, and if I'm not really feeling it, or if I don't get a job, then I'm going to apply to school psychology programs, probably be a school psychologist. Uh Maybe something else. I'll do some more research, but I think
that's
what I was doing
probably in HR or something like that, Like, I don't know, like I want to do work that actually helps people and I feel like that's going to be really difficult in the business world, so I'm sort of predicting I'm not going to have a good time with, but
I think it's good to try. Okay, so I paying school, I don't have to for more school.
Did you always know that you wanted to PhD
base?
awesome.
no, that makes sense. Don't spend that coin. Oh
definitely.
So
that's something I struggle with a lot.
Thanks,
definitely.
So cool.
I like part of a lab right now, so I've sort of gotten to see like what the research life is and oh my gosh, it sounds so stressful and like academia is such a mess, like it seems so hard to actually do the things you want to do without like having another agenda you have to worry about, so kudos to you for trying.
good, I'm glad to hear that.
Is it a lot harder, like PhD versus like undergrad classes? This
is just
different.
but
I guess that
makes sense.
huh
I hate that,
that's something I read about in the lab, just like how it's almost shameful for professors to care more about the teaching side than the research side, like that's not an opinion, you're allowed to have an academia, otherwise you don't seem as professional, like no, we need professors who actually like teaching please, otherwise we just get these awful professors.
Oh my gosh,
that's so ridiculous. Like how are you supposed to learn if like you can't see your what
I'm from California originally to um I live in the Bay Area sort of, I
hear
there's a lot of cmu people that are from the Bay Area according to my friend,
it's
kind of funny.
I wonder why that is.
The way she described like cmu overall is like I think she was joking but just like ivy league rejects. That's like what it feels like.
Yeah. They're all T. V. It's so funny.
I want to stay on the west Coast probably because I'm used to the mild weather we've got over here, but I think I want to move north to Seattle Washington area because I don't I don't know if you've seen, I'm sure you have a California is on fire. It's so expensive to live here. It's just so
many
things.
like my parents want me to say, but I'm like I can't do that, I'm sorry, I can't
afford
that.
Yo so I didn't ask, where are you from?
cool. The one time I visited I wasn't super fan of it just because it was so humid and there were just so many people.
Very true. It seems like a fun place to visit but I definitely wouldn't live there. Yeah.
Oh my gosh.
thanks
very tom.
Oh yeah, it's a very white city. Huh,
yikes.
that's ugly. Yeah,
definitely. Oh man yeah, where are you going to go?
You know creating new community commune? Yes,
that's so cool. Hit me up if you ever make it, I will join.
I'm ready to leave, I'm ready to leave
this system.
Yeah, I think my parents are terrified of me because of like how far left I've like they were already pretty left to begin with, but like they're like, you're at a different level now,
but
Mhm.
Yeah. That's like with my mom, my mom's, I'm sort of converting, but my dad
is like, he identifies as a libertarian. I'm not gonna get anywhere with it. A key.
I do. I'm the oldest. So I have two younger siblings, one's a freshman and he's going to Colorado Boulder. I don't know if you've heard of that school? Um they had a spike in cases, so he ended up going back home. It was just a mess. And then my sister is in high school, so she doesn't have to worry about that for a while.
are all online for now, at least until january, which I'm assuming they'll end up being online for january as well and must
think
things
like
how people plan.
it was exactly like that because the fire started happening sort of like two years ago and my university would just cancel class every day instead of just like cancel it like for the rest of the time. So it's just like I thought I was going to have a midterm that there and like go on the bus and then I get a notification. Oh actually campuses close and
I was like why?
it's
definitely
better right now like for the past month or so, it's been on and off sort of smoke where I'm at because we're pretty close to a bunch of fields and like wild grass. So it is pretty like flammable near us but never like in Davis. So the air quality just suffers basically in the Bay
Area though. I think nothing's really happened in a while there since it's the way the winds been blowing. I don't know, but it's still definitely a problem, but like at least it's better.
Hey,
I know
it's
so bad.
I hate thinking about it. Like I used to read so much about climate change and stuff cause I'm like, oh my gosh, you got to do something. But after just like see something happened for so long, I'm like, I can't do this any book.
Yeah, it's
all that.
that's
you
think you think that would happen?
That's solid approach. Honestly.
Yeah.
The world is so uh,
I love
my major, but I have to learn about this stuff for my classes all the time. Like why?
Ammon
totally.
that's it.
it,
oh my gosh, like I don't even, but it's good that you get to like vote in pennsylvania because like your vote actually matters right? Like that's cool. At least if you decide to vote, totally get it, if you don't. But in California, oh my God, I feel like my vote doesn't matter at all. Like it's just the democrats are going to win regardless, like there's no stakes. Yeah,
that's
so
disturbing.
Come
on,
y'all?
nah, y'all need to stop, you weren't even on that side. What
doesn't make any sense?
no, we just hate on people like they just flat out.
That's it, that's it. Yeah. Like I can't
imagine
online
learning has been sort of a disaster for me. Like I love it because I'm so introverted, I don't have to talk to people for so long. But
like also my focus, oh my gosh and my memory, it's like all gone. I can't
process
anything.
yep. Like five
minutes into the lecture, I'm on my phone.
How
did
this
happen?
Honestly?
I feel that way.
Yeah. Not at all. Like at least my sister's high school like they're doing this thing where they
have Wednesdays off every week so they get like monday and Tuesday they do their classes and then thursday and friday and then they get that little break and I think that's been so helpful for her.
Right? It makes sense. They're actually considering like what online learning takes mentally out of you.
What? Yeah it would be nice and validation.
No 1's thriving.
we did it.
Who?
Yeah. Say you know about that calm if I ever come across you.
I
give you permission to invade my privacy.
Youtube.
Thanks Sam
bye.