Hey,
I'm okay, I'm good, how are you?
All right, good. Last time my partner didn't show up, so
I've done it once before A little while ago, but it's a good one. Yeah,
yeah, right, definitely.
Um Oh, I guess like what's, what's you up to, what do you do? Like, what's your name?
High
Uh my name's chai
um and I'm currently in the first year of a PhD program, so I'm also a full time student and I'm also doing student things. What do you what do you study?
And
um I study engineering and doing um material science engineering, which is like a little known engineering discipline, but legit a good time. Are you? So are all your classes online?
Cool. So are you staying at home or?
Yeah, it's kind
of, I I wish that they had told us because so I got to cmu and I'm in Pittsburgh right now. I wish that they had told us earlier that everything would be online, because at least it to me, they didn't really late, so I like signed a lease and I could be living rent free, but right now, which would be cool, but find whatever, I guess.
Yeah.
okay. Got it.
so I went there for undergrad too, so I'm just like, well here, I actually ended up taking um so I started a PhD program at UConn
and I didn't like it, so I transferred back here, but it was really nice to get a break. Um I think it was good to have like a Nazi and New Year, kind of like come back. Yeah, so they organize classes so that I have like Minnie's, so like, they cut the semester in half, so, and but it's like really annoying because like I have like finals next week so
I just have finals and tests and it's like kind of fucking horrible. But yeah, but so it's nice to have I guess. It must be nice to have. Do you get along with your you get along well with your housemates? Like have people who you can?
yeah. That's really sweet. That sounds I've never had like a housemaid type situation. Like I lived in dorms. I um had to you know like I had roommates and stuff but once I moved out I never really had people is living with off of campus and it sounds fun. It sounds like it can be really good or really bad.
Uh
Uh I guess so. Do you know what you want to do when school's done?
And
I have
yeah. All right, that sounds like a plan. Do you know what kind of jobs you'd look for right now?
I got it.
Yeah. Right. Okay. Yeah,
I decided to do a PhD and like I think like freshman year of college, it's
something that I've been thinking about more than lately. Um So just for like my my general thing is that my goal in life is essentially to like have a homestead um scratch commune. So I'm like fuck that capitalist shit, like I'm out. Uh huh.
So uh I think that like that is a newer goal of mine, so and I think that it like doesn't buy with the PhD super hard, I think that like so I've been thinking about it a lot lately, um Like how much sense it makes to get a PhD versus just like get a job that I might not enjoy as much, but save money so I can like buy land and stuff. So I've been thinking about it a lot. I think that if I could get a masters, I just get a masters. But in my program, if you say that you're getting a masters, then you have to pay tuition and you don't get a siphoned anymore. Um So I think I'm just going to go with the PhD I guess and like.
you. Uh huh. Yeah. So that's something I've been thinking about more. I think that something I like about the PhD is the idea of just doing research for my job I could feel good about. But I also have some concerns with like the research who will be benefiting from the research. I do
seven. I've been thinking a lot about how, I don't know, I hate how hard it is to like live like a moral, ethical
life. Yeah.
Yeah. So that's something that I've been thinking about more. And also it's been kind of nice. They're talking to other people and hearing that they have similar concerns. Um
it's a relief to hear at least that people have it on their radar and they're like trying to, you know, live by their own code and stuff. So,
But yeah, I'll see. I think it's going to be highly dependent on what kind of research I end up doing in my group.
Do you think? Yeah.
I think that it changes the nature. Research changes a lot depending on your discipline and then program that you're in. So one of the reasons why I left UConn was like it was too stressful and I didn't like my advisor and then I'm very like my advisor here, it seems you is like so nice. He's so, I'm just like Phil and nice. So like I think it's also it's highly dependent on like the department's culture and I think and stuff like that. So I think I'm lucky and then I was like I have to have this kind of like like I was talking to someone else in my program and she did her master somewhere and she did research and she was like I'm so stressed out like if I don't get this adviser like am I gonna get back stabbed instead of I'm like no. Oh my God, like horrible, but luckily pretty chill research environment so far.
we'll see how it goes right now, courses are just really horrible. Um. Yeah
I
think
what, it's mostly different, I think that you have a lot more free time, so you spend less time in classes, but for me it makes it a little harder for me to get in that work groove, you know, it's kind of like, and I also feel like I think that this is more because of um has more to do with the pandemic, but I also think that an undergrad it's more likely that you'll form like a cohort of students who you're close with and you go through work together and like you're like living the life, the studio and that
I don't think that that exists as much in grad school, so it feels like a more solitary experience, which
makes,
yeah, that makes the course work more difficult. Um
So yeah, so I just have some really shit professor of the semester.
Never good. Yeah, yep.
Yeah. So just so horrible like we got an exam back and he wouldn't give us the solutions for us to like learn and check our work because he wants to give them for next year's homework problems,
like not like just like stuff like that all the time.
Yeah. So annoying. But where are you from?
what
happened?
I think
maybe,
you know, I think in the art program, I can think of like the few people down the art program there, there's a fair amount of Bay Area folks. Uh huh.
That L. A. Art five. I can see it like I can see it messing with like the cmu art culture out there into. So I see it, see how it happens. Uh
I feel like that's like the vibe like when I talk to my, it's kind of funny like when I talked to my friends about them, it's funny to hear that from the art program too. I spoke to people in the engineering program and basically like I've met some really smart motherfuckers and I'm like wow like like M. I. T. Or Yale or some shit and they're like, I was just really depressed and I was filling out my school applications. All the people would have gone to those schools but were like two depressed. Like like write a proper admission.
Yeah, I was like super different. Like truly all of my friends who I've spoken to were like not doing well when they were applying for college. It's kind of hilarious but like yeah that's kind of survive. Do you know if you do you want to stay in California?
Bad
combo,
firing expensive. I'm like feeling that nothing.
parents
always,
yeah, parents always want you to stay.
I'm from new york, I'm from new york city. Uh Yeah, actually I don't I don't like new york city.
Oh yeah, new york summers are truly horrible. Um So human, so and it's like it feels like and it's like so dirty there and it's like in the humid air like it's just like sticky and gross dirty, so like new york for me is like too dirty and too loud and too crowded. It's like overlooked. Like it's constant like. Mhm.
Yeah. Like some people are so good for living there. Like my dad like loves new york and it's like so for him and like it's there are a lot of parts of it that like, I don't know where I'm going to live, it's like, I just, I don't know what, I don't know what I'm gonna do because the diverse, I got really spoiled by the diversity. Like
I feel like everywhere else I go, I'm like what happened to all of the black people and also like Vietnamese people and like all the people. Oh, that's something
that
Especially in Pittsburgh, it's
it's like it's a really segregated city. At first I was all of the black people, I guess they're just a bunch of white people here, but there are a bunch of black people, they just stay in their neighborhoods and the white day in their neighborhoods and then
like in my school, like all of the cleaning people or black and it was just like really weird to only see black people in service positions and then nowhere else that I'm like, what's happening here?
So I don't know where I'm going to live because I want like diversity and like cultural chill, but I also want like rural vibes like
I don't know have to make a home of my own I guess.
All
Yeah. But I love like everyone I mentioned the communes either. Like can I, can I enjoy we use please.
I know.
Yeah. So like I'm done. I'm like so finished. I'm just not, I'm not feeling it anymore. I never was, but now I'm like aggressively not feeling it.
Yeah. I feel like with like my dad, like I'm getting like my dad
to get like ward war hardcore flush the police and he's, yeah. And I'm like, yeah. Oh,
but,
and we look,
do you have any siblings?
Okay. And our schools closed where she is? Okay.
I
know.
Oh, it was so annoying for a while. Places like we'll be close until the end of the month and like just say you're going to be close for eight months and I'm
like,
yeah, right. Like can't find anything so contributing.
How
irritating annoying Do you, so what's the situation with the fires right now? Like as the media just dropped it or are they,
Have
they?
it.
Yeah. Okay. Got it. It's
so wild.
You're going
to get
so crazy and like the next, for the next bit.
Yeah. I feel like we can also change the topic if you want to because I know it can be like really?
But
like I feel like recently I've gotten more, I don't know, I like don't get I used to get like that horrible feeling like of like black despair like in my stuff, you know? And I don't get that anymore. I think I feel strangely optimistic just because of how like do or die it is
so you're the thing where you fix it right? So like I
feel
right, but I think that like it's helped maybe more like I'm just like oh like I just need to do everything I can to end capitalist. I'm kind of like I feel like once I saw that I was just like ok that'll just be like my focus for a while I guess. So I kind of feel like I can do, it's like, I feel like I can kind of like plan for it in my life now. I feel like for a while it's kind of like, I don't know, like we might like things might get so much better and like that and I think now I'm just like okay, it's gonna be fucked up and I integrate that into my life plan. So
yeah, like let's live a life where I control my own food supply, so yeah. But
yeah.
Yeah. Indeed indeed it is.
Ivan
Yeah, I recently um I don't know, I think it's an important thing to see, but like, so I'm in Pittsburgh, but I just went camping with my boyfriend huh? And like north central pennsylvania and like I feel like I've mostly been in city centers, but it was just like a sea of trump signs, like
so intense um So many like the biggest like I think at one but it's just like, it's just like sign after sign after sign after side of your sign. And I don't know, I feel like it's like a good thing to see. I feel like a lot of times I got like in a like little bub all in
like I'm like I don't understand how trump could possibly find other data and then like, oh it's because he has a
work, that's why that's how he would uh Yes, if you like
this november is going to be like so insane.
It is interesting to listening to the radio up there and I also felt like a confederate flag and my boyfriend also talks about like how he saw so many confederate flags and like upstate Vermont and I'm just like you guys are confused
like
that
one,
I'm
like
you're not south all like I can maybe pennsylvania makes like maybe more sense but in like Vermont and like rural name, I'm just like uh
I know.
I know and it's spooky that there's like no excuse for like history or like family lineage, there just like no confederacy. Like
But. Uh
disguise.
Yeah. How's that? I'm also curious about like how are you feeling about like your workload and stuff? I feel like so online learning.
It's certainly.
no.
So
mad.
I know it's so horrible. Like I just, I can't vote, I can't focus and I for jack shit
essentially.
I
know, I'm
just
like
I'm not like I can have my lecture but I also have a phone here and I can have multiple tabs open. Like it's just like I feel like I'm like intentionally sabotaging myself.
Why?
Um So like that's really annoying. And I feel like schools aren't being like considerate of the fact that like online learning is shit.
And
That sounds so good.
So like, I don't know. I think it's going to be it be funny if there's like a national G. P. A. Drug,
Yeah. Right. Some validation to be good. But I feel like also most people I've spoken to or like I can't do online lining. I'll click off.
No thriving going on here. Just rough times. Yeah. Yeah. So how are we for time? Oh, I think it
it completed the child.
All right. It was it was lovely meeting you.
I'll fucking find you go through like the records
like if uh
recorded everyone. Uh All right, so good luck with classes
um and applications and all your life things
time.