water. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
And the okay
I'm good how are you?
I'm eric
I just actually moved to Tennessee. Well
we yeah was
from Philippe a so okay
It's actually warmer today. It's like 80
It's like 4:35 at night time. So
uh where the hell am I knew time as well
bread
bacon
about half hour north of there.
You say you live in Knoxville
wanted the movers I wanted to move the floor but I don't know anybody there.
well I
mean
I don't really know
I don't really know anybody here either but
just everything so far away. I'm used to being able to walk out your door and be at the store two seconds
later here you got to drive a half hour to get anywhere.
So
I'm actually just staying with a friend for right now down here. I came down here last year in a different like mars town I hadn't I didn't like it, But I mean this is kind of the same thing. It's only 20 minutes from there. Yeah. So
whatever.
No, no, it's just it gets too hot down there. I'm not
like the heat, but it gets too hot down there. Yeah.
I mean he had all mine is here. It's the humidity. There's no humidity around here just gets hot. But which I can deal with that, so.
there's mountains all around here. I live I live on top of the mountain basically. Mm hmm.
Mm. Not really. It's nice now, but it's not going to be nice if it snows
because
you ain't going nowhere. His nose around here. Mhm.
No, it actually had the snowden to in like three years. Yeah. It's actually been pretty warm there up until january. We haven't got snow at least in three years that I can remember. Mhm. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. We haven't seen snow in a long time. I don't really like the snow but
I don't I don't like this know it all, it's a mess. Yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah I lived there all my life. But yeah I was supposed to buy a house with my girlfriend but there was a little bit of a problem with her. She had a little bit of a drug problem. Yeah,
that never happened. So.
Yeah, but now I'm here. Yeah,
I mean we known each other for like 25 years. We didn't start going out to like 12:15 years ago.
But yeah
I like going out on jet skis boats but we kind of live right next to a lake. That's kind of cool.
we
got a lake and a river And like 50 ft for us. So where you can put boats, jet skis, all kinds of stuff, marine is all kinds of crap around here.
No,
but yeah,
I like to go fishing in the ocean. I don't like to go fishing like in the rivers and stuff like that.
I am deficient since I was like 16 years old. Yeah. Yeah.
And Mhm.
I had a boat years ago. It just gets too expensive, too expensive, the store cleaning, maintain it, nobody wants to help you, everybody wants to go out and say screw you when you're done.
So that was enough of that.
Yeah, and if
you break
down
loose, you break down least you're on the road, you're not in the middle of the water, you
break
down in the
boat, you're kind of screwed. Uh huh.
I do I just haven't been anywhere. I was further as I went was in California but I remember that I was only like five years old.
I would like to go to las Vegas. one
of my
friends.
Yeah I have one of my friends is actually deal with the casinos. Yeah. Actually built the World Series of poker a couple years ago. Yeah.
So I
mean
I've known him all my life and he moved out there a few years ago.
Yeah I like to play poker but
I'm not really near a casino right now before when I lived in a it was five minutes from the Harris and Chester so now I'm not really near casino so I'm at least an hour drive away from a casino now. Yeah.
Yeah I used to play all the games so I just you can't win in the end. You always wind up losing at least poker you can control whether you want to play, put money in for your cards away whatever at least you can control that.
Yeah. Yeah. That's all computerized. That tells you when you wanted to win. No.
I never went waters game.
Oh I love jess keys,
it's fun. I love it.
I
had when I got rid of about 10 years ago kept breaking down on me so I never got another one.
Oh yeah it's real simple. Oh this is 11 thing that's the throttle and that's it, you just turn the handlebars kind of like to ride a motorcycle or bike whatever you wanna call it.
it's simple.
I love it.
I've
never done that.
Uh Probably about a year off and on.
Yeah better to do right now so everything is kind of well everything in P. A. Was totally closed. Everything around here is wide open. Like there was nothing open in pennsylvania. No schools no nothing they're just they're going to school everything like normal down here.
wasn't no schools no not an opening to where I was everything was closed Casino just opened two months ago. They were closed for like four months mm
P. A.
Yeah they had everything shut down so there was nothing to do. No jobs. No nothing.
Yeah I heard that.
Yeah. Yeah I've never in my lifetime seen all the casinos shut down but I guess everyone on the shutdown I've never seen that happen before.
Yeah but I want to play poker. They don't even they don't even have them rooms open because you can't you gotta have eight people at the table. Nobody wants to play. They
don't even have them open yet. There are still closed. Mhm.
mm. No and it's only getting worse before it gets better.
No
I just got a friend of them pretty much all my life that I'm staying with right now. So
while my family's going it passed away a long time ago.
I'm sorry It's been a while as if that happened 20 years ago. So. Yeah.
Yeah I've known him since I was like 10 years old. It's not,
it's nice. I just I don't not used to having to drive everywhere. Like I said when I was in here I had everything within a mile of me I could walk there if I wanted to hear that. That ain't happening.
Yeah that I'm not used to people's accents down here. I can't understand,
I cannot understand half the people down here when they talk. Yeah, I'm
not used to it.
I'm not used to that, half of the people, it just takes me like a minute or two to understand what they're saying. It's
I'd like to go to italy if I could go out of the country, throw
them. Yeah. Seems to be really nice there, but I don't speak their language so that wouldn't work too well. Yeah.
Yeah, it looks really nice and I would like to live there but I just can't go where I don't absolutely no anybody. Yes.
Yeah. I would I would love to live in a different country.
Okay.
I have been watching too much. I was thought there was a football game one night but I guess they put it off till monday.
Yeah. Well it's because it was supposed to be Buffalo and somebody they just play Tuesday night. So I guess since they just play Tuesday they put them off on monday I guess everyone is playing again two days later. But
Where is it?
I'm a Saints fan so I'm a Drew Brees fan. If
like
football. I like
Alex.
Yeah like Alice
you.
Yeah. I like to I like your quarterback but not our quarterbacks going joe burrow so I like when he had in his quarterback but he's not the quarterback anymore. He's on since. No not Cincinnati. Yes, Cincinnati now so.
At least you won a championship last year before he left. Yeah. At least you got something to talk about since his own pride. The worst team in the NFL now. Mhm.
Yes. You have never done that.
Yeah.
I have never been falling kind of like a lot of games got put off too, so I haven't really been following that.
Uh Like basketball, baseball is baseball is boring and maybe I can't get into that. It's too slow and too boring. I
mean
hockey hockey's all right,
okay. I just don't like this. No fans in the stadium thing.
That's
what I'm
ridiculous.
That kind of defeats everybody's home field advantage anymore with the fans cheering. Mhm.
Um Anything right now. I just I mean I just got here last Wednesday, so I've barely been here a week.
I was working for different companies like direct tv Verizon Comcast all that I'm doing, you know cable internet crap like that.
Yeah. I mean it was all right. I mean kind of sucked but it was good money. I just don't like walking in people's houses because you never know what to expect. 30 people you know roaches running around. It's disgusting but now people don't even want you in your house now so
what
would all this crap going around?
I'm going to try to find something down here. I don't know what yet but
yeah trying to find something.
I mean they're probably gonna wind up shutting everything down this state because they're like number two or three now for the most
new
kids. Yeah they're climbing and climbing climbing up here with new cases every day so they are going to the top of the list now down here
so they're probably gonna wind up shutting everything down down here soon. Yeah.
I mean the school has got to be bad for passing it around. Yeah.
Well that's good. Yeah I haven't heard too much about florida saying like they were bad. They never said they had a lot of it.
Yeah I mean right now I'm just sitting here collecting unemployment that they're paying everybody waiting from the sinus stupid bill to get all the extra money. Yeah. Mhm.
Because
it's not really paying anything, never only paying like $150 a week which is not some.
Yeah you're you're supposed to vote on something monday to see if it goes through so. Yes we'll see. Yeah.
because they're all playing the democrats don't want to prove because they're trying to get trump out of there. Now trump says they've given more money in this and that so they're just doing it to get trump out of there because they know they're not going to give them what they want so they know trump is not going to prove that they're trying to make him look bad basically.
All it is
and they got the money already put away in so many bills, it's not like it would hurt them one bit no matter what it is, I'm not gonna hurt them, They're fighting over $400 billion dollars now. I mean really? Okay.
mean the
Democrats,
Democrats are stuck in like 2.2 trillion Trump went to 1.8 and then today I saw he's like oh well I'll go up on it now.
because you're getting killed in the freakin election so of course you're gonna go up one to try to make yourself look good because
I mean
I don't
yeah all he's doing is making himself look like an ass
now. It's not his money. Does he care, prove the freaking we not coming out of his pocket.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
Uh, I guess like rock music, like breaking Benjamin, Lincoln park disturbed that kind of stuff. So
no, again, they're all right.
Yeah. I don't, I don't listen to like wrapping stuff like addict.
Can't stand that.
Oh, not like, yeah, I like all of them.
That's what sucks about until you get no radio station down here. Uh huh.
You had like 40, 40 cool radio stations in Philly here. You have nothing to talk to. 12. You do guess country music.
absolutely. Mm Which is
kind
of
remarkable.
Yeah, there's like two radio stations. I get down here and that's it.
Uh, probably about 25 minutes from there. We actually just went to the other day to pick up some furniture with him. But yeah, we're like Kind of right on the border of Kentucky, like 15 minutes from Kentucky. We actually just went there the other day to the store. It was only like 12 minutes from here, so we're kind
of
the border.
Well they got one walmart around here and it's the smallest walmart ever seen in my life. They have nothing, they have like no food in there. They had nothing go to walmart by me were like supermarkets. I'm looking to the guy in the store on my dude. Are you kidding me? Like what the hell is this the next
the next closest ones, one in Kentucky, which
is only
like 15 minutes from here.
Got to drive to a different state to go to walmart? Blackfish.
Yeah, That's what I want. I want to move to Georgia to, Yeah.
Yeah, It's just, I guess there's nothing to do during the winter time because I want to live by the beach. But I guess it kind of sucks in the winter time. There's probably nothing there in the winter time
Yeah.
He used to go there last year when I was here with him.
I never went there.
He liked it. We grow okay. So they actually like three days ago and he would show anything.
I mean
it looked all right.
See I like roller coasters. I got like six flags and stuff like that. Mhm. That he's trying to, he's trying to tell me it's better than six flags and we do just not better than six plays. There's
not going to
Gold
Coast here. That's
what,
there's
not even any rollercoasters here. I'm like, it's not better
than six flags.
No,
Jersey and I was only like an hour from the one in Jersey. I don't know where the other one is.
Oh, is it?
I know there's a cop problem, but yeah, I lived, I lived like an hour away from the one was in Jersey.
I haven't been there in like the past five years, but I used to go before that.
No, I want to go. It's just, I don't know if I can deal with the heat if I go. It's going to be in the wintertime when it cools down a little bit.
Yeah. Okay.
Do it
over.
Yeah. See, I don't, I love roller coasters. I
want to go skydiving, but I can't find anybody. Go with me. Nobody
will go in there. Everybody's afraid. Uh
Like
Yeah.
Ari
Well,
of new
Great. Thank you. Hi. Hi,