Hello
how are you?
I'm good it's been a long day but I'm good now. Hi my name is Kayleigh
eric all right and where are you from?
we're
Well
this cold?
Oh that's nice.
has called yes. Where in Tennessee are you
new tab? Okay.
My
family Knoxville but
oh okay. So pretty close. That's nice.
No I have family there. I'm in florida. Yeah.
Yeah it's nice to be here people but you know
and
that's
hot.
Yeah Tennessee is really nice. Yeah.
Yet.
Yes. Much more spread out.
Yeah. So why did you move?
Every since
so you said you wanted to move to florida? Why was why florida?
was
it's still now even it's like 88 because Matthew during the day.
Do you like um you know Tennessee other like a lot of mountains and hiking trails and stuff? Do you like that?
that's nice. Do you like hiking and stuff?
That's
true.
You're used to snow though right.
Yeah I think when you're from florida you think anything north of you you know it's still all the time.
I don't even know what I would because I'm from florida you know born and raised so I don't even know what I would do if it's our story. Yeah.
Is it? Yeah.
So did you live in did you grow up in pennsylvania?
Mhm.
so it's kind of like a fresh start down here. Another,
that's good. How long were you two dating?
that's a long time. Yeah well hopefully everything gets better for her. Yeah.
So what do you like to do for fun then?
that's that's what to say. I'm like you definitely don't have there's no ocean the
hope.
that's nice.
You get them out,
you fished you?
Yeah that's fair.
No I haven't been in a while either. My grandpa has a boat
so we used to go out when I was little but I didn't enjoy it the most.
But
yeah I don't blame you. You always talked about that like getting the barnacles and stuff off of it and stuff like that. So now they go on their RV and they drive around the country so he says that's much more that's easier to handle. He says
you
like
to travel.
Yeah. You so
called
for.
Um Do you like to travel?
Where would you like to go if you could?
Are
you
gambler?
That's cool. What
do
you,
is that what you played then? Poker or do you
we do black job.
We go over to the Galaxy Mississippi and we do, we do blackjack what my family does, yeah.
right. Yeah, my grandparents always do slots and I'm like, I don't know, I don't trust that, you know.
water skiing, Yeah.
Okay. Oh, not worse. Jet jet skis, you said?
I've never, I've actually living around the water, I've never done that before.
Mhm I don't
know.
that's fair. Is it easy to do it?
I have to try them.
All right, because there's a bunch of places around here that rent them, like you can, you know, for the day and I've just never done it, but it's fun.
That's awesome. We do like kayaking and stuff down
here.
It's a lot. By the end of it, you're tired, you know? That's a lot of our arm and core strength so yeah. You get to irish. Yeah. So how long have you been using um the website? The prolific website.
Okay. I'm pretty new. I only started this summer.
Yeah. We're doing that. I was actually working at school and we're doing that down here in florida. So wow
So
Everything then.
Right. Yeah. We had Disney and Universal shut down
and that doesn't usually happen, you know?
And now a lot of them still have the masks like they're opening but they have a lot of new rules and stuff.
You can be interrupted.
That's so wild. This is not where we thought this year was going.
Yeah. Um So do you have any family in Tennessee or in P.
A.
You know
I'm sorry to hear that
but you know in this friend all your life he said
that's nice of you guys stayed friends and he lets you, it sounds like he has a nice location with handle it so.
Right. I can see how that be hard to adjust. I had friends come over from England and it's like that where Everything is within like 20 minutes like everything like a 20 minute walk and so they came here and I'm like yeah we're gonna drive an hour and they were like what? So they were not used to it?
I don't even think about that.
ready?
Yes. When my family moved up there We visit them now because they've been up there for like 10 years. But it was it was hard adjusting, like now they have the accents and where did you get that? Yeah. Yeah.
That it can it can get really strong in certain areas and some you don't even hear it, and then in certain Yeah right, you're like, what do you even say? So if you could travel, where would you go?
quieter.
I actually I've I've been uh to Italy, I was very lucky that my grandparents took me um and it's okay, you can speak english and they'll figure it out. Yeah, it's a lot of pointing, but it works out
be intimidating. At least here you have your friends in Tennessee, maybe you could um like find people to talk to online from Italy and then you'll know them and then you, you have people there. I heard europe's nice because like you can live in one of the countries and then take weekend weekend trips and go visit other countries because they're so close. It was really cool. Yeah
Here you drive eight hours and you're still in the same state sometimes. So much bigger. Mhm. Do
you watch any tv shows?
Yeah, a lot of those have been getting delayed. Right
who do you cheer for then?
What team do you like?
We're big on college football down here. But
I
you
like college? So you like comfortable.
All
right. L. S. U. We're big gator fans so
Yeah. That's the only bad thing about college football's they graduate and so you don't keep the same players for too long. Oh
So I don't know much about I have we have we do fantasy football in my family and I still don't know a lot about the NFL,
Yeah, we started doing it and they asked me to do and I said yes. But I don't, like I said, we don't watch NFL, I only do college so I didn't know. So I do my best, but I don't know what I'm doing. Yeah.
Oh my God. So
so you mostly watch football. Are there any other sports you like?
That's
you.
Oh yeah. Hockey's got a lot going on.
No.
Have you seen
the
weird cutouts that they have a big people?
And I'm sure it's not very encouraging just Being a quiet stadium with no one around family. So that sucks. But so what, what did you like you, are you still working or?
What do you do up in pennsylvania?
Did you enjoy it?
that's
true.
All right. Are you going to try to find something once you settle?
Something
AA0,
are
they?
So they're probably,
it's following you. Mhm. I'm a, I'm a guidance counselor in elementary school, so I work at the little ones so which I like, but kids say some weird things sometimes. Yeah, yeah.
We've had, we haven't been too bad yet actually. Our high schools have been the worst. Not our elementary, which has been weird, but we've only had a few cases in my school, which is good.
we over the summer we got a little worse. But now I think we've kind of evened out a little bit, which is good. Mhm, mhm.
Not
only
no, you know, they changed a lot of that, which is unfortunately.
You know this, this has been a weird season, politics season. There's been a lot of different things going on.
You know,
No, No one wants to compromise anymore on either side.
Mhm. At this point, I mean we need to help our people, you know, it's
not
going to help anything.
All right.
I'm
ready
for that for just be over.
All
Yeah, I know. Mm hmm. It's very frustrating. Just a few more weeks though. And then we'll see what happens. I guess like that's been it's been a weird year in multiple ways. Okay.
Mm hmm. Do
you, I guess I ask like you, what kind of music do you listen to?
My dad used to say, oh rush. He listens to rush.
Yeah. And Marilee in those are his two favorites. So I know those because he played, he played them all the time. Mm
No,
I'll do more like alternative stuff like Green Day and
yeah, stuff more like that. I don't like the rap, I don't really like the pop stuff. So it depends on the song, like the new stuff. They're like all these
Oh you don't
I have to say I'm like I'm sure it's a lot of country
and
where
you
are, lot of dolly, I'm sure Dolly Parton.
Mhm. Is your near pigeon forge? Right.
I
went to
different state for the story. That's so that's a great, that's crazy to think about.
I don't blame you.
Do you
think
that's so weird to think about, you know?
Oh yeah, I guess that makes sense. I just live I live in like the middle of the state, you know, in florida. So like I said, I had to drive like six hours just to get out after the, so I definitely don't do trips to the store in Georgia or anything like that.
My grandparents used to live there.
Wait, let me sense. They have like stone mountain stuff, like it's again, it's a lot of nature trails and stuff like that. But they have um,
does your friend ever go to Dollywood?
Oh really? What do you think?
Oh no, he okay. He went
It's nice.
It's,
yeah, it's not super exciting, but it has nice restaurants and shows and stuff like that.
No,
it's
never,
no,
if you want the
thrill.
No,
there's like to roller coasters with kids roller coasters, so they're not even like thrilling. Is there six flags around you somewhere?
No.
I think there's one in Atlanta Georgia.
I think so.
Did you go, You want a lot?
So you like the thrills? That makes sense. Have you been to florida at all?
Yes. And then be prepared because even then it's still like pretty hot. But we have like Busch gardens has a lot of roller coasters in universal. Yeah. So if you ever come, you can get, you can get your thrilling for sure.
Yeah,
I
get scared roller coasters, but
all
Hey.
I would. I don't blame them. I wouldn't want to do
it. Um
Yeah. Well, did get 25 minutes,
but it was nice talking to you. Was nice meeting
you. Eric.
I hope everything goes well and you get to do some fun stuff and you settle.
bye.