SPEAKER_L: Hello. Yeah. Oh. Oh right. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a language thing from the other, what's bad? You? I think that means that mom is going to be putting in some some food in the kitchen err in the oven. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: hey there, how are you
SPEAKER_R: Pretty good. Yourself?
SPEAKER_L: doing? Good, thank you. My name is Kevin.
SPEAKER_R: Hey I'm gonna I'm Iowa
SPEAKER_L: Very nice meeting. Uh My daughter is in the room with me as well. Um She's bored. Don't you hear some uh some notices in the background? That's that's why. But she's working on her own little painting right now, which is
SPEAKER_R: No problem. No problem
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: at all. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: Well hey, very nice to meet you a little bit about myself in the new york area is rather dreary up here right now, monday rain and clouds and all that fun stuff. A little bit chilly out. Um But I wish I could get out a little bit more. I know with the covid considerations and also just like the the track downs of where what state we can go to. You know, I could barely get up to Connecticut right now or New Jersey in order to travel. So it's been a little bit like I was just thinking, I feel like I'm in a bit of a hamster wheel of every monday through friday doing the exact
SPEAKER_R: that's the
SPEAKER_L: same
SPEAKER_R: same
SPEAKER_L: thing
SPEAKER_R: thing.
SPEAKER_L: for work now about yourself. Where are you reciting these days?
SPEAKER_R: Um From D. C. Actually it was jury earlier today now the sun's kind out it's probably go down though the same things and that's the same exact thing as you. I mean I still go out to friends places sometimes but the same thing we're going to take from home hamster will I don't know what it's going to end.
SPEAKER_L: How are you enjoying the work from home scenario?
SPEAKER_R: It's pretty straightforward. I mean this is the same thing. Instead of working in a cubicle. What?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I'm uh there are some days when I I can really appreciate working from home and then there's other days where I don't need to go back to the office five days a week that I could do without. But I can also get into like seeing other people again. I love obviously my daughter, my wife, my other daughter. But it's got a little bit of variety. And I was telling somebody this the other day, if somebody were to tell me that you're going to work from home for 40 years, I would have chosen a different career. It is not
SPEAKER_R: my
SPEAKER_L: something
SPEAKER_R: hand your brother
SPEAKER_L: I want to do full time at all.
SPEAKER_R: 100%.
SPEAKER_L: Well if you don't mind me asking, what do you do down in D. C.
SPEAKER_R: Well basically I just help out with small businesses Help get like grants and stuff basically basically like a kind of assistant kind of thing to like them like they would have they would hit our program up and then we'll help help them define like opportunities for their
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: wares and whatnot.
SPEAKER_L: interesting. So forgive me if I seem a little um naive on the question. But is it for nonprofit giving, where is it
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: for for profit?
SPEAKER_R: but not
SPEAKER_L: is the
SPEAKER_R: hurt.
SPEAKER_L: non problem. Oh wow. What what is your organization mostly aligned to is one sector of the nonprofits or
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: is it
SPEAKER_R: that basically just uh yeah basically just one sector basically. Mostly mostly people in D. C. Just come come like they have actually stuff not like not actually like a lot of services only like products so they come to us and then we set them up with like different kinds of events like like this one large festival like we set up every year like like hundreds of of my hit us up. I just saw just the businesses around the city. Hit us up. We have to get in like spaces like every like and it's basically that over and over again. So now it's kind of easy it's easier now because you can't really do that covid time. So basically basically we just now we set up websites for them basically.
SPEAKER_L: Mm. Uh so that's interesting. You're you're almost transitioning from that at grant perspective over to supporting the small business, the nonprofit in order to grow almost like from a functional standpoint.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. So basically yeah and we'll settle this sacrifice and all of that. You know, I don't know if you know what Shopify is
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: appear the
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: pls
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: isn't.
SPEAKER_L: uh sorry, sorry to interrupt my apologies
SPEAKER_R: No problem. No, this baby gut.
SPEAKER_L: for Shopify from a nonprofit standpoint. What are they utilizing it for? Is it for like, uh, paraphernalia, like shirts and hats or they?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But anyone, like one more specific one hero heads, like I came into them. They feel all like historical figures on the shirt and it goes to and it goes to their whichever historical figures. Museum.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, interesting. Wow, that's actually incredibly smart. I, I'm thinking back to some of my nonprofit, I never worked in the nonprofit sector, but I volunteered for a non profit. I was on the board for a nonprofit for I think two or three years. And to be honest, it wasn't my, it wasn't my cup of tea, you know, it was something that I loved the mission and I loved everything that they were doing, but getting into the weeds with it, especially from my growing the business standpoint, I give a ton of credit to those who, who can do that because there was a ton of fundraising, as you're probably well aware that went into that and it just wasn't something that I felt totally comfortable with. Um So it's nice to see from that vantage point. Like you're helping out a lot of the non profits and the small businesses in other ways not just through fundraising efforts or through the great I try to pull
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: grants them.
SPEAKER_R: It's basically like, I'm I'm I'm they were assistance basically. We're not necessarily bye over overseers. And, you know, I'm basically using it to buy my time trying to get like some conscious shirts. I'm apparent apparently doing my conscience security plus. Pretty tough
SPEAKER_L: Oh well that's interesting. Hold on let me let me take a step back on that. So you are okay so you're currently in the nonprofit realm right now sort of aligned to it where you're working with building up the Grant Foundation which then has transferred over to almost supporting the business. But you're taking
SPEAKER_R: queen.
SPEAKER_L: a bit of a chef, you're going over to I. T. And I. T. Security.
SPEAKER_R: I'm trying to I'm so basically, I'm just gonna start from the ground up, like start helped, helped us then just go from there.
SPEAKER_L: Uh Well that's funny you mention that just so happens. Uh I'm an I'm an I. T. Security manager for financial company up here in new york. And it's interesting that you bring that up because I have helped out some individuals start transitioning from where they're currently working. Whether they just don't like the role or you just want to get into security. Um And then others who have been in I. T. But I haven't really made that transition over to the security side of the house and I've loved it because people come in from all these great areas and one piece of recommendation and give to you is you know all the stuff that you bring to the table from the business perspective is really going to come in handy from the perspective of course like yeah you're gonna need to know some of your road technical concepts but you're also going to need to know how to apply those in a business manner. And it's really amazing how many people in a good way not to throw stones but how many people within the I. T. Realm insecurity as well don't have that business mindset attached to them and you can know all the technical items in the world but if you can't apply it or get the right people to build in along the way it ends up being a bit of a failure. So it could be the smartest person in the room but if you're not able to execute it ends up being a bit of a concern. So you mentioned that you're starting off with the uh would you say the Net Plus and uh
SPEAKER_R: No, here. Plus I was gonna do a plus first, but apparently a pass is kind of like low level. I'm not sure. I mean like now I'm really started looking at uh security plus already but my you to me you know if you know that is you already
SPEAKER_L: I still
SPEAKER_R: got
SPEAKER_L: use it
SPEAKER_R: seriously
SPEAKER_L: I still use it yep.
SPEAKER_R: that's about that they I guess they always have those $14 deals now apparently they're more expensive but now you're like 14. So I already got
SPEAKER_L: they're
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: no longer 9 99 anymore.
SPEAKER_R: No, I guess so. Yeah, I'm about to start and when we better start that, I was thinking about november 1st and that's when I was going to sit down and really get into it. I've already I've already had all the files ready to go all the chest ready to go november 1st when I said I was gonna start hopefully hopefully get it by like beginning in january. I can study for two months, maybe jk by january. Probably
SPEAKER_L: So what what drove you to go from where you're currently at right now to the I. T. Realm?
SPEAKER_R: this this is a probability of it. I just like the upward mobility of it. Like it feels like it's in a sector that we like, it would never stop, you can never stop, you can never be like you can always be able to get a better salary, a better job, a better position and anytime every time anybody in that contact they're always how there to get them better and stuff. So
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: I was like
SPEAKER_L: interesting.
SPEAKER_R: and I was I don't want to say because people always say always hear itv always good with computers right now. But I guess I I think I really am.
SPEAKER_L: Well there's there's a lot of cool areas with it as well because you have the infrastructure realm but then you also have the cyber realm, you have the coding areas, developers and that's starting to emerge a little bit out. So they called devops or developer and operations together. Cloud is really big right now. So everything that you're learning for a w or for would you say for the network plus in 30
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: plus,
SPEAKER_R: off
SPEAKER_L: you know those are going to be your your base foundations, right. And those are things that are gonna hopefully translate to understanding Aws Microsoft, Azure google cloud a little bit too. In fact I was just reading an article that it's on my phone in fact uh I won't send it over to obviously but it's uh this one right here, so it's on Tech Republic. So in Tech Republic they have hiring managers and what hiring managers are looking for and hiring managers are. And I'm in that vote as well. They're very much looking for Lennox devops and cloud expertise. Those are like really big things that some of the hiring managers are looking for. So in terms of cloud um his dovetails into what you're currently learning. You know you get the road foundations down security plus network plus. But then how do you apply that along the way and how do you apply that to? Um Hold on one second long. My apologies. Beautiful. I'm just gonna be a few more minutes. Okay. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: problem.
SPEAKER_L: well said well you sneak the milk in What a four year old to do to get a milk in right? Um You know how that applies to AWS and Azure ends up being a really cool thing even for us who have been in I. T. For a bit of time now to consistently learn along the way. So it's it's a learning experience that will never end when you're in I. T. And that's a good thing to me, like you know you don't have to learn one thing and rest on your laurels. You'll you'll certainly get in there and realize in a good way not to scare you off like
SPEAKER_R: 100%.
SPEAKER_L: holy crap I need a lot more to learn and it's I'm still on the boat and that's why I still utilize you. To me, I still utilize uh some of the certificate programs and its never ending in a good way. Like I said to it keeps you on your toes and you know it really keeps you fresh on the way to.
SPEAKER_R: So good. I mean that's what I have no problem with that kind of like learn and I always I don't want, my brain is like slow down. I don't know where I always have to go with something. Always have to grow with some everyday somehow.
SPEAKER_L: so one of the other recommendations I would give you two as you start looking at Network Plus and Security Plus is to start looking at what you can do from the lab environment. The other I actually teach cyber as well and you know I teach managers how you want to bring people into an organization. And some of the interview tips that I would give some of the managers and you as well is you know for someone who's just starting off your career in I. T. Or in cyber. You know obviously I could have a piece of paper in front of me and ask you all these wrote technical questions and where is that going to get me? Right okay I can get a base understanding as to what your experience level is but you know one of the nicer ways of doing is you might be asked a question that could be a little over your head which I'm still ask questions that are like that And then you follow it up with, oh, I've got a lab environment set up almost always. That is such a good answer to have because it showcases Yeah, I certainly am not going to know everything under the sun right now. But I am trying to get some of their hands on experience that I know that look some of the certifications you're gonna need to know your stuff right? And then we'll finally get into the real world and you start looking at some of the computer applications. It's the next step right? Um and to bridge that gap a little bit in to put some of the hiring managers and he's what you could do is say, okay, yeah I have a lab environment, like a networking lab set up. So if you're looking at network plus there's a whole lab environment that you could do do through Cisco, you do it through. Um Actually I take that back, you don't even have to do through Cisco and have to have all this like virtual machine environment set up. Just start up a whole AWS account and start building up a networking environment there. So you build up AWS there's something called Ec two instances and S three buckets and GWS that's your storage and that's where you would a simplistic way. That's um if you were to like spin up hardware or software in the cloud you could utilize make it easy to instance, elastic cloud instance and then you can start networking some of those things. And again the reason why I tell you all this is because you can get a lot of those networking concepts in that lab environment in AWS while applying what you learned from Net Plus and SEc Plus over to AWS it makes you stronger, right? Yeah. I know it's tough and I also know what the hiring managers are looking for right now which is a bunch of clouds stuff and it's all free, which is great to you sign up for an AWS account for one year completely free. You get I think everything with that account you just have to be careful, you have to put a credit card in. The only reason you put a credit card in is if you decide to, I don't know, start spinning up instances and they actually start utilizing AWS resources, they'll start charging you for it. But you'll know when it's going to get to that point before they start charging you. And that's where I get some of the best candidates is when they start stating. Yeah, I don't know. I mean they're very they're honest
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: about no idea what you're talking about. But I did stand up this Lavon E. W. S. Or I'm standing up this um you'll hear about it if you start talking about like a Cali Lennox lab um where you can start doing your own pen test and play around with some of the cool open source tools. So never think that with insecurity if you don't have access to any of the tools that it's a hindrance because there's almost always some type of open source software that you could use to learn. Do you know what open source is by the way?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Not really. Can you? Uh
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Yeah so open source is just a community of people could even be just one person who has developed a free tool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, no, no, I thought it was like a different kind of concept management. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: well that's all that you're going that route. That's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: I mean I just I just I just I just looked at I've been looking I've been looking through Reddit like for the past like four months, like looking through it started off like now, just not finally bought it. I've gone through I. P career questions and all of that are all those kind of things. So now I just set it up, gone through. Indeed. I've been looking at seeing, seeing all all the all the places around my things, what they require. Like I didn't actually apply to something. Actually. I said, I know it probably won't work, but let's put my name in the pool and say like I am doing it, I'm currently going to start doing it. And they say maybe in two months maybe if if that opportunity is still open, look at my stuff. So maybe uh that's why basically.
SPEAKER_L: Um You know it all depends on who you talk to an I. T. Some have differing opinions on it. But I started off and help desk and I thought it was a great experience for this is back when I was in college I did it through work study at my local university and you really start getting to understand operating systems at the user level. Which to me is such a pre wrecked to understanding especially for my area. How do you secure what the indians who does And it's not just what they do on a computer it's also their data. It's also how do they interact with the server Whether it's on prem on premise or it's a cloud based type setup. That security in that methodology is still very similarly. But it all comes down to making sure that the end user or the data that we're protecting ends up being as secure as possible. And I found that the help desk, well it would be very cognizant helped us that it doesn't lead you down a don't want to say a death spiral but like you don't want to stay there for terribly long. So I think that 1 to 2
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: years
SPEAKER_R: heard I've heard I've heard I've heard that. Yeah. Over that.
SPEAKER_L: um and then after that you should be very well suited for many of the other roles. And very much like any other role, especially probably where you are. It's like breaking the band aid off of going from health deaths to some type of server admin in the cloud admin and once you do that and you become like an administrator and you have that back end access. I think he'll get some some really good hands on experience that will only make you more problems more marketable
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: on
SPEAKER_R: terrible
SPEAKER_L: the way. Yeah. But I mean look there are some people who say that the help desk is a waste of time and I would just say
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: wouldn't
SPEAKER_R: know. I
SPEAKER_L: spend.
SPEAKER_R: don't consider consider it. Kind of like that, that kind of experience waste of time if you just like use it usually. Is it the right way I can? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: exactly. You got your lab environment in D. C. Is a great area for especially for cybersecurity because you've got a ton of different government entities down there and then you have to decide from your vantage point, do you want to really hone in on the government side or are you more of a private sector individual? And that's one thing I've noticed from being in the new york area. You know, when I see a government person with government experience, they're not a very good fit for private and vice versa. So it'd
SPEAKER_R: Is
SPEAKER_L: be
SPEAKER_R: there
SPEAKER_L: something I think
SPEAKER_R: why other than to declare ince's?
SPEAKER_L: um it's just a very different methodology. Um you know, when you're in the public sector, you're working for the government, I think you'll find that like security is it's not just a priority. It's like, it's a way of life, right? You know, people certainly know that they need to secure the nation's secrets or depending on what government agencies are working for. Um, it's almost like a military approach to security where within the private industry you're looking at things from. Yeah, I could lock down everything under the sun, but if the user can access anything means nothing, right? So, I need to have that balance of what a user can look at, what they can't look at. How do we protect what they do, But then ultimately, how do I enable them to do what they need to do as well enough? I can't enable them. From a security perspective, we failed within the private industry, right? And I don't think that that's much of an issue. I could be totally off kilter with this statement, but I feel that it's not as much of an issue in the government sector because like, you have to lock things down there. There's no way around. The government doesn't really care whether you like it or not. You're gonna get locked down, right? And in private. Yeah. You get the wrong person who complains about how locked down something is, it could defeat the entire effort of what you're trying to get past. And to me, that's part of the beauty of getting what you have that knowledge of business involved with it, because you need to understand what the customer needs to do and what the customer has to. Yeah, for sure, for sure. And understanding, like some of the finances that you're talking about, um, that you probably worked with in the past, I think it's gonna be incredibly helpful, especially as you start looking up in your career and you want to start managing people or you want to start having some more strategic as opposed to operational direction from your belt too.
SPEAKER_R: Sounds good. That sounds really good.
SPEAKER_L: How long have you been with your current organization
SPEAKER_R: Two
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: years?
SPEAKER_L: at least like,
SPEAKER_R: Uh basically, I've worked at the initial company hero had that was for one year. And then he sent me to the many thanks for two and I've been there for two years.
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: this your first role after graduating? Okay. Okay. Well it's um I think it's a really good time to, not surprisingly in the field, I love the fact that somebody would want to get into itunes cyber. Um there there certainly are a lot of great opportunities for you and I would just, you know, think about where exactly you would want to go. Um You know, is it that infrastructure round is the coding room? I don't know if you like coding at all, but it's certainly helpful, not just within it and cyber, but not surprisingly if you want a coding job um and there's a whole security realm that goes into that too. There's an application security group that is dedicated to securing code and securing websites. Uh And the beauty of that is you need to know the underlying code in order to secure what you need. Some people are born and bred coders, others very much following to the infrastructure route where you know the ones that you know you're not looking at T. Plus plus or java all day long but there are two very disparate wrapped in I. T. For sure. Um that infra and then you've got the coding now. Um Have you taken any coding courses?
SPEAKER_R: Not really. I was thinking about going for anyway. I don't work rose. I don't work well with my fingers that well tonight
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: to go
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: I would recommend even if so from my vantage point we've gotten to a point even infrastructure where coding is but you're not developing applications. Right? But I think the application of coding is different. You're looking at uh automation for example. So here's a great example. Right. Are you familiar with phishing emails? Okay. So let's just say that a phishing email comes into
SPEAKER_R: Ph
SPEAKER_L: an organization.
SPEAKER_R: fishing migrate ph yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Like I'm trying to trick you into providing me your credentials. So let's just say that email goes to your entire organization. Well, what do we do to we mediate that, but there's a few different things. I could look at it from a very technical standpoint or non technical standpoint, but ultimately I want to stop that threat from hitting the environment. Right? So one thing I could do this is I bring it up because the coding, one thing I can do is I can code a script that would take the email out of everybody's inboxes from the whole company. Right. So what you would do is there's a particular identifier within an email that would have gone off to everybody. Once you take that, you can then shift that off via some code over to an exchange server or Microsoft 3 65 which is a cloud based email server. And if you have the right credentials you can then remove that email from the servant and all that's done through scripting. So while it's not coding per se it is something that
SPEAKER_R: application
SPEAKER_L: would require
SPEAKER_R: of it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And I think that's where you might find especially jumpstarting
SPEAKER_R: Come on.
SPEAKER_L: yourself into I. T. Where you can get a really quick jump start. If you do understand even the most, you know, my new code, it doesn't have to be anything wrong. Maybe four or five different line items. That's it. But at least you'd be able to understand it. Hold on one sec. Might. That's beautiful, gorgeous. Just give me just give me a few more minutes. Okay. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: No problem. We'll probably all of which
SPEAKER_L: Cisco
SPEAKER_R: were
SPEAKER_L: if you're looking at the network side and I cut you off, my apologies. Um,
SPEAKER_R: no problem.
SPEAKER_L: if you're looking at the networking site, look at on the Cisco definite certifications. D E V E N E T. So it's going to require, you know, a little bit more about networking, but the beauty of that particular certification and it's slightly new too, is that it introduces automation and it introduces you the coder to spin up and troubleshoot networking resources and that's exactly what people are looking for in 2000 and 20 is the person who understands a little, a little code just enough to automate along the way. No one's asking you to be a coder, but I'll tell you it will propel you to the top pretty quick because there's a lot in infrastructure that do not know that right now, nor do they have any interest in knowing either. And because of that it gives a great opportunity to somebody like yourself is just starting up in the industry. Yeah, bob, go, go change up the physical appliance or I'll just sit here and I'll code uh maybe one or two lousy lion items, one thing that's going to update that that box and
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: then the problem that we're working with the solved and that's how you can really start strengthening things in 2000 and 20 when it comes to I. T. I know I'm going way over, you know
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: what we
SPEAKER_R: is not what
SPEAKER_L: originally
SPEAKER_R: he will work.
SPEAKER_L: talked about, which was like six plus net plus. I would still absolutely go with that at the beginning. I wouldn't stress as much about the uh certification if you don't get it or it's just too much of a time constraint. I think what you could showcase from what you've learned from that to go over to I can T. W. S. You've got a golden golden resource right there.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Thank
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: you very much.
SPEAKER_L: you thank you very
SPEAKER_R: This
SPEAKER_L: much.
SPEAKER_R: is very no this lucky attack for me. This happened. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: haven't
SPEAKER_L: look I worked in uh I. T. Security you know.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I haven't really talked to anybody like like that we have that you're kind of knowledge that that much basically reading stuff.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah absolutely and you know I guess I'll end it with this too. Don't feel overwhelmed. I mean look there are a lot of different resources you can utilize with I. T. A lot of different paths that you can go with I. T. But I wouldn't stress on um knowing everything number one. Um You know I take it from the security perspective yeah we need to know a fair amount of technologies but I'm not expecting my team to be a bunch of smes or subject matter experts in everything. We could always pull in a third party vendor to help us out if it's an incident. Well I do have incident responders. I don't have to worry about like forensics for example and you had mentioned forensics didn't you? And I think about it
SPEAKER_R: I don't think so. No,
SPEAKER_L: you know
SPEAKER_R: I didn't.
SPEAKER_L: you know maybe that was
SPEAKER_R: I did not. All.
SPEAKER_L: I couldn't I could have had a dream about that but like if you if you go the forensics crap like that's the whole uh whole cornucopia of I. T. That you could open up. But it's a very particular thing, right? And that's where you know don't worry about knowing everything just enough to get you to the next time. Look at some of the the job descriptions especially in the entry levels I do think. And I would stress highly don't have to worry about being a coder. I would be comfortable with scripting and that's the key differences. I could be going out a script. I don't have to be a code and you'll see that. So if you're on you to me look at um look definitely not on you. To me that I think about it. But if you're looking at what's the scripting you can start with python or Power Shell is a really nice one for you to understand. So
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: Power
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: Shell is descriptive language for Microsoft. Um and if you go in the Lennox route which is also gonna be strong, you can get comfortable with Lennox, turn your operating system into a Lennox host, just turn into a Lennox does to play around. They get comfortable with that. And on the scripting side there's something called bash scripting in Lennox and that's the scripting life. If you know even the basics of some power shell and some bash scripting. Uh to me I find this to be an incredibly strong resume, especially coming in as a junior going into the I. T. Realm.
SPEAKER_R: that sounds good. Thank you. I wouldn't I wouldn't against that. What I got. I got this from this right here. Last last, last last prolific thing we were talking about. Video games.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah but hey uh bring back my days of doom and hexen and heretic and uh having more hair on my head. That was also um well hey before we wrap up, do you have any questions? I know it's uh
SPEAKER_R: Uh 11 person did tell me look at Missouri on a you to me. What would you what would you say to that? Azure and Microsoft Azure National
SPEAKER_L: make a subject
SPEAKER_R: from?
SPEAKER_L: for, so there's three different major cloud platforms, there's Microsoft, there's there's a W. S. Which is amazon web services from amazon, there's Azure which is Microsoft's answer to E. W. S and then there's also google cloud. Um My recommendation would be uh whatever you could, it's a good question on, you're not going to go wrong either way with either AWS or Azure if you start learning. Um I think amazon web services is a little bit more popular than Azure but that's quickly changing where Azure is bringing in a lot of their infrastructure expertise and you know, starting to get into some of the organizations that may have been in a W. S shop for a little bit of time. Um I think the learning resources with each of us are very strong and you to me, so you'd be able to pick up any of those certifications, but Microsoft does have some very good certification paths as well. Um I just don't know if they're on U two ME, so they might be on to be uh probably not on Aws, they're probably on either Microsoft website or quick youtube videos. Uh They're both essentially the same, like they offer the exact same resources and products, so they just implement the names a different way and they implement some of the technologies a different way. Um My recommendation for Azure, if you were to go that route is not as many people are smes or subject matter experts in Azure, so you might find that the market while a little bit niche e is something that there's a reason why there's a niche for it is because there aren't a lot of people who know them to be total. Truth be told. There aren't a lot of people who know about eight of us to the rationale that they think that they do. So becoming AWS expert or an Azure expert. I think you're you're well and to really having a good understanding of the 19 for sure,
SPEAKER_R: All right. Thank you. One more question. So you take you take uh studying like that and and the uh net plus the security costs are simultaneously is smart. Would I pick one? Should I pick one first go for finish first.
SPEAKER_L: I think that you'll find with the Network Plus and Security Plus, that it's going to be important for you to understand those basics and that's going to help tell you to understand AWS and Azure a little bit better. And also like the Microsoft on Prem environment as well, you're you're going to have a very good understand except that I don't know if you've had a chance to look at the the Net Plus stuff but just understanding submitting, we utilize that and everything that we've just talked about today. So you know, that's something you're gonna have to understand. The actual application of it I think is where your strength is going to be looking at. How do I apply what I've learned from sec Plus or Net Plus to eat a US. Um I think in terms of like a certificate I would value in AWS or Azure certain more for the right role. Um if you're looking for a help desk role, I think that the Net plus a plus security plus will probably your best bet, but if you're looking for a bit broader of a role, you know, one that could be like a cloud, a cloud, Adnan Lennox admin, uh, you know, something that's outside of the help desk, you might find some of the eight of us slash as your service are going to be the best bet.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Thank you. I appreciate you a lot. You really don't understand how much I appreciate you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Well, hey, absolutely. I in fact, I mean, look, I don't know if prolific like dances or not, but I mean you certainly could reach out to me at any time.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, no. I mean I'm uh I'm sure I'm sure that would be cool with me. Okay, your email
SPEAKER_L: You said
SPEAKER_R: or something?
SPEAKER_L: we're, yeah. Yeah. It's, let's see if uh, I don't think they complain about it. Let's just give you my personal email address. It's a G A R
SPEAKER_R: G. A. R. K.
SPEAKER_L: V as in victor do I? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, sir.
SPEAKER_L: 659 Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: At Gmail. Alright.
SPEAKER_L: So you feel free to reach out and you'll probably be able to find me from lengthen with you have my email address too. So for any time there's no
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: right or wrong answer with any of these things, but
SPEAKER_R: garbage, garbage garbage K 659 All right. All right. Thank you. All
SPEAKER_L: You can say hi, you're at the screens over here.
SPEAKER_R: Hey. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Alright. Well, hey, it was a pleasure meeting you. I'm glad
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: that uh,
SPEAKER_R: Nice to meet you,
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: too?
SPEAKER_L: met as well
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: feel free. Like I said, reach out any time.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely enjoy the rest of the night. All right.
SPEAKER_R: You, too. You too,
SPEAKER_L: I had to go back.