Hello.
Pretty good. Yourself?
Hey I'm gonna I'm Iowa
No problem. No problem
at all. Mm.
that's the
same
thing.
Um From D. C. Actually it was jury earlier today now the sun's kind out it's probably go down though the same things and that's the same exact thing as you. I mean I still go out to friends places sometimes but the same thing we're going to take from home hamster will I don't know what it's going to end.
It's pretty straightforward. I mean this is the same thing. Instead of working in a cubicle. What?
my
hand your brother
100%.
Well basically I just help out with small businesses Help get like grants and stuff basically basically like a kind of assistant kind of thing to like them like they would have they would hit our program up and then we'll help help them define like opportunities for their
wares and whatnot.
No
but not
hurt.
Is
that basically just uh yeah basically just one sector basically. Mostly mostly people in D. C. Just come come like they have actually stuff not like not actually like a lot of services only like products so they come to us and then we set them up with like different kinds of events like like this one large festival like we set up every year like like hundreds of of my hit us up. I just saw just the businesses around the city. Hit us up. We have to get in like spaces like every like and it's basically that over and over again. So now it's kind of easy it's easier now because you can't really do that covid time. So basically basically we just now we set up websites for them basically.
Yeah. Yeah. So basically yeah and we'll settle this sacrifice and all of that. You know, I don't know if you know what Shopify is
and
appear the
pls
isn't.
No problem. No, this baby gut.
Yeah. But anyone, like one more specific one hero heads, like I came into them. They feel all like historical figures on the shirt and it goes to and it goes to their whichever historical figures. Museum.
And
It's basically like, I'm I'm I'm they were assistance basically. We're not necessarily bye over overseers. And, you know, I'm basically using it to buy my time trying to get like some conscious shirts. I'm apparent apparently doing my conscience security plus. Pretty tough
queen.
I'm trying to I'm so basically, I'm just gonna start from the ground up, like start helped, helped us then just go from there.
No, here. Plus I was gonna do a plus first, but apparently a pass is kind of like low level. I'm not sure. I mean like now I'm really started looking at uh security plus already but my you to me you know if you know that is you already
got
seriously
that's about that they I guess they always have those $14 deals now apparently they're more expensive but now you're like 14. So I already got
that.
No, I guess so. Yeah, I'm about to start and when we better start that, I was thinking about november 1st and that's when I was going to sit down and really get into it. I've already I've already had all the files ready to go all the chest ready to go november 1st when I said I was gonna start hopefully hopefully get it by like beginning in january. I can study for two months, maybe jk by january. Probably
this this is a probability of it. I just like the upward mobility of it. Like it feels like it's in a sector that we like, it would never stop, you can never stop, you can never be like you can always be able to get a better salary, a better job, a better position and anytime every time anybody in that contact they're always how there to get them better and stuff. So
I was like
and I was I don't want to say because people always say always hear itv always good with computers right now. But I guess I I think I really am.
you're
off
no
problem.
100%.
So good. I mean that's what I have no problem with that kind of like learn and I always I don't want, my brain is like slow down. I don't know where I always have to go with something. Always have to grow with some everyday somehow.
What?
Uh Not really. Can you? Uh
Yeah. No, no, no, I thought it was like a different kind of concept management. Yeah,
I mean I just I just I just I just looked at I've been looking I've been looking through Reddit like for the past like four months, like looking through it started off like now, just not finally bought it. I've gone through I. P career questions and all of that are all those kind of things. So now I just set it up, gone through. Indeed. I've been looking at seeing, seeing all all the all the places around my things, what they require. Like I didn't actually apply to something. Actually. I said, I know it probably won't work, but let's put my name in the pool and say like I am doing it, I'm currently going to start doing it. And they say maybe in two months maybe if if that opportunity is still open, look at my stuff. So maybe uh that's why basically.
I've
heard I've heard I've heard I've heard that. Yeah. Over that.
The
terrible
I
don't
know. I
don't consider consider it. Kind of like that, that kind of experience waste of time if you just like use it usually. Is it the right way I can? Yeah.
Is
there
why other than to declare ince's?
Sounds good. That sounds really good.
Two
years?
Uh basically, I've worked at the initial company hero had that was for one year. And then he sent me to the many thanks for two and I've been there for two years.
All
Not really. I was thinking about going for anyway. I don't work rose. I don't work well with my fingers that well tonight
to go
like
that.
Ph
fishing migrate ph yeah.
application
of it. Yeah.
Come on.
No problem. We'll probably all of which
were
no problem.
No.
This
is not what
he will work.
Thank you. Thank
you very much.
This
is very no this lucky attack for me. This happened. Yeah.
I
haven't
yeah. I haven't really talked to anybody like like that we have that you're kind of knowledge that that much basically reading stuff.
I don't think so. No,
I didn't.
I did not. All.
Thank
you.
that sounds good. Thank you. I wouldn't I wouldn't against that. What I got. I got this from this right here. Last last, last last prolific thing we were talking about. Video games.
Uh 11 person did tell me look at Missouri on a you to me. What would you what would you say to that? Azure and Microsoft Azure National
from?
All right. Thank you. One more question. So you take you take uh studying like that and and the uh net plus the security costs are simultaneously is smart. Would I pick one? Should I pick one first go for finish first.
All right. Thank you. I appreciate you a lot. You really don't understand how much I appreciate you. Yeah.
Oh, no. I mean I'm uh I'm sure I'm sure that would be cool with me. Okay, your email
or something?
G. A. R. K.
Yes, sir.
At Gmail. Alright.
So
garbage, garbage garbage K 659 All right. All right. Thank you. All
Hey. Yeah.
What?
Nice to meet you,
too?
Thank
you.
All right. Thank you.
You, too. You too,