Hello.
I can see you. I don't know where. Oh I know I think I have tape on my everything.
I think I got to turn it up a little bit. Yeah. So how are you doing today?
Are
you
your family
and friends free from the virus?
it.
Soon.
that's about what I do as well. You can't kid. Um We had last week by my granddaughter was here and a lady had came over from one of the agencies to talk to her and the next day she was positive for Covid. And so we're not sure because she was here for a couple hours and we don't know if we yell. I
kind of
quarantine
anyhow but it's just sad that we have to do this at this time in our lives.
That's right that's the way it is. That's where really you know with thanksgiving coming and a big celebration or anything that's well have you know just a small um a small get together with whoever's and do the facetime and stuff like that you
know we'll make it to get by.
No.
Oh my goodness we have a 94 year old grandma that wants everybody there for thanksgiving and everybody there for christmas son to try to convince her that um that's not the best idea, we can't do that,
you know she's well everybody's you know what? My daughter is a teacher, one of my daughters is a teacher and so she um she does what she does and she's around her students and people every day and so you just never know but
no.
Oh my goodness, I don't think I would want to be the person in that position
right now, they're just so so many of them that are just um crazy, you know I mean it's just a crazy world right now but maybe it will get it's like I um with the, I worked with pro folic quite a bit and um prolific pra folic, however
you say it, I worked with them quite a bit and I stay right at home and just you know um sometimes uh I've worked, this is like my um my fourth video conference that
I've worked with them.
got a lot of experience then?
might just as well, it's almost $20 I mean and our I'm I'm disabled
so
I don't work, I get the um social
security which isn't very much so if I could make an extra $20 on here check with you I'd do it four times a day, that would be it, I'd be your constantly on here doing that but I don't I'm not
gonna do that, I worked with a couple of different ones. Um Do you uh do you work for with uh what is the one paid paid viewpoint?
Yeah I found that I I found that as
well but I know
that they
you know sometimes it's b $2 and sometimes it will be a dime, you know?
Yeah. Yeah that's and I what I hate about the better part of all the surveys
is uh the you've spent 10 15 minutes filling out the first
part
and
then they say oh you're not qualified and you don't get anything. Yeah I just wasted 15 of my minutes of my time or 20 minutes, you know to tell me that I'm not getting anything, you know, I don't qualify, that's just wrong, I don't want to be I don't want to waste my time like that.
look.
No. Um Do you work with Yougov?
Well
you
while you
you got this pretty good. They're really they pay well and um but they only pay you can all you can't get a like paypal you have to get amazon or something. Yeah I'll pick some kind of gift
card that you want and I don't care that much about it but with chris was coming and um yeah
everything's you might just as well try here and there.
I.
Oh yes I used that one. All stuff. I like that one a lot. I didn't it
pays pretty well and um you you don't you can choose pick and
choose
yeah what do you want to do? And with this one that's why I like this one is um because you can choose what you want to. You know if you don't want to do that one then you just don't choose it. You know? I like that part about it and that's what I like also about mechanical turk.
I do three
if.
Yeah I found even with this one um if you when you if you go on and um you if pick it but then they don't they run out of time and you you know you're trying to beat the timer but they want you to write a 500 word essay on this or that or 200 words something and you're thinking about what to write writing and doing and whatever. You know I'm not you know now I set my um my alarm for every 10 minutes if it's a 10 minute survey or whatever. Do you know like eight minutes or six minutes so that I can remind me that whoa you're running out of time because uh that's like do that night. But they're really not bad about it because if you run out of time and then you contact the the person they
I've been several times they went ahead and paid me because they've got their results, they received the results and so they went ahead and um pavement without.
No.
Mhm. Nothing. No, that's one reason that I don't um And if you do run out of time, you don't get to contact anybody and say, hey dude, you know uh got company, unexpected or whatever happened and you ran out of time.
that's I
like
that with the turk too. No. Um Do you live in the north or the south
near Chicago?
I think you got, did y'all get snow
already? No, not yet.
Y'all usually get it
before we do. I'm not been um
upstate new york and sometimes it's like a, a battle who's going to get the first, the first most snow Chicago or thus? We live right by the leading. Well I'm from florida and uh, we live here, we live right by the lake. Well, I didn't get here until I was older and I've been here so many years. But I tell you, I never, when I came here, I had never heard the words lake effect snow. I had no idea what that was. And boy, oh boy, I know what it is now. It is just awful. It's, you know, you get snowed in for days and days and this year I suppose it won't matter as much, but I may, uh,
I've got real bad, I call it snow anxiety because I just can't, I can't, I can't do the driving in it. I just, I'm almost paralyzed. I just can't do it. So I have been for the past couple of years, just
pretty much stay in the house all winter and you know somebody, I go somewhere, I usually go with somebody else driving or something because I just, I can't do it. Not at all. Mhm.
Yes, we do. Uh just it turns so
black over the lake and then you just see and our weather is changing
now,
it has been such uh it's been a november, like I haven't seen in 30 years and because by now we would usually have a bunch of snow at different times, but we have a foot of snow on the ground or you know by the middle of november and this year we haven't got a flake yet.
too, it was beautiful, it was about 70 to 74
it was just absolutely beautiful and I'm
big
time
flower lovers
and so I've got a whole yard full of flowers and um that's what I I that's my hobby, that's what I do outside as you know, I just grow and pick and I put them in vases and stuff and what I used to do was
cut the flowers and put them in the basis and take them to the nursing home. And then the people at the nursing home, but some of those folks, they got to shake things and um you
know the what the base gets tipped over and the water spills everywhere and they've got a mess and you know, I don't want them to have to have a mess. So instead of now instead of bringing the um the real flowers, I put
confetti in a base and then put silk flowers and with the in the confetti and just um and then said they can knock it over,
they can
I
put them now instead of a glass basis. I used the
plastic dollar store bases you know that because they won't break
and
and the people could get cut you know trying to clean up the mess or anything. So I changed a little bit of it and now I just I have a little sign, a little card out front and I make up baseballs and just put them there and
I leave a little bucket there and um it accepts donations and all donations that are given for the flowers, go for the breast cancer research.
Yeah. Yeah. It's a it's a I get
confused sometimes. I wanna I've torn between breast cancer and kidney disease. My brother had kidney disease and so you know I try to balance them out if you want to donate something and for folic does that all the time? You know they give you the one and then if you if you want to donate $4 or if you want to donate your bonus or something like that and
I think that's pretty cool. You know they can donate it to that. I did one today. That was oh that's my doctor. Um Maybe they can just leave a message and I don't want to take the call on you. I'm sorry about that but maybe they're just calling to remind me I have an appointment or something. I don't know. But later way. Um We the snow here. I I hate snow. I am just absolutely hated it. So
thank
you.
Go
about your
the doctor will be here. It's what?
The
leading
around.
Don't.
What do I? I'm sorry I didn't quite hear you.
good
about
one.
Oh my gosh I would not be fond of that at all. I couldn't oh no I have a have a horseshoe driveway and our I couldn't uh you'll have the garage so that I don't have to get out there and clean off the car if I got to go somewhere or something and it's not really a garage, it's a kind of makeshift garage but it keeps the snow off the car. It does indeed. Um Do you still have any flowers bloom in there?
Yes. Hard to their um that's the one thing that I loved I love about new york that I no didn't like in florida I hurricanes people say well we um what you and I could tell him 100 different things I miss about florida sunshine, the temperature this or that and but the one thing I hated was hurricanes and just about every one of them, yeah, they when they come out they're they're circling around out in the ocean or whatever they do. And
the panhandle where I live is right on the um it's right on in the panhandle of florida
where
I lived at and um they when it gets cold there it gets really cold. I mean because you I think the reason that I feel like that because they um you in the in the daytime you're up to 70 75 or so most of the time and get over 60 or something and then at night it drops down and your body is so
used to being so
warm that it just freezes, we're up here. Um You're
glad
to get warm.
That's that's like I said, this has been the weirdest, the weirdest november, october and november that I've seen our lives are changed and that was what I was trying to tell you, I lost, my thought was the thing I love about new york is the um
the fall when the leaves change. We never had that
in florida. In florida, the dollar palm trees are not changing.
that's it was that it was a beautiful one, that side, you know in florida we didn't have that that
side. But I guess I missed the warmth and I missed so much about florida but I do not miss the hurricane. Mm
no.
Uh huh. Let you know each one of them eat most of the time. Like in Jacksonville you're kind of safe Gainesville, Jacksonville,
you're
kind
of more safe than because once that hurricanes bruin and let's start your way and it hits, we've I've lived, the one was the worst one I ever remember was Camelia. And
that one they uh
bunch of the folks celebrated the uh you know they're celebrating that the hurricane didn't go hit us and they're out in the motels and all that is all waiting for Covid, you know all the motels and stuff and they're celebrating and that's some son of a gun turned around and come right back and wiped out Fort Walton Beach. I mean
it just like
took the whole yeah it was just that everything was a mess. It was indeed.
There are. No I haven't
seen any of those up here.
What?
I don't I don't remember um are you a
tree
come down and take out the corner of our house. But it all worked out, everybody lived and survived and um but that was just a farm bad snowstorm, it was so icy. Um
My daughters they went with
our next door neighbor. They went up to ah a different city where they stay up there and um you know that that works well for them. Hello? My cat has been trying to eat flowers. She's just she's finally finally settled down for
you're you're
not home.
All
You're what,
That's cool. And
he
just
very good. That is that is good that I um do you work you know you don't
work from home? You just said that I,
well I wish you could come fix my computer. I have got the worst problem with it the whole row. Well it's supposed to be your touch screen. The touchscreen stopped working the same day. The whole roll of numbers. Like if I type a number four, it'll type
of
four
and five,
orange type of one and apostrophe. And it is, I don't understand what's
wrong with it, but um it's
something, something is definitely wrong with it but no doubt about that. But um I
when I got this this computer and I told the young man, I said because he said it's touch screen and this and this, and I said well you know as far as having touchscreen features and this and that. Yeah, they're cool and um
that's all good and fine.
But the more the more gizmos and gadgets you get
the mortgages and just go wrong, so if I have to use the mouse instead of touching the screen, that's just fine with me, if it's gonna cop a couple $100 extra just to be able to touch it. But um
this
yeah if I
I
got
used
to it and that was just that's the worst thing because still today. I mean it's been this way for at least a couple months and still today it just um does what it wants to um Have we been
on? Well it was almost 25 minutes, isn't it?
I don't, let's see if I look at that other one, wow. I
thought it had a timer on it. But
Yeah you did yeah as long as we get it for 25 minutes it was very nice talking to you. You are very uh
sweet
young
man. Very
sweet. I haven't talked to um any young man yet. It's always always been the ladies
that
have you talked to both? Well
you
don't.
Seven.
Yeah. Like me.
how old are you? If I might. 42 well I'm 29. You sure? Don't look 42 years ahead, young men.
You're very
handsome. Well I
appreciate the chat with you and uh any time you want chat again just look me up. All right, thank you so much and have
a fabulous day. I appreciate
your time. All right by now.
Let's see if I can figure out how to
close
it.
The ax is the
figure.
It's a only a microphone now. It's muted. You know, that's just commuting it. Oh well I guess I can close the box but we gotta go back to the end of the box anyhow. So
often
here.
You got what?
All right. We'll have a wonderful week, enjoy
yourself.
All right by now