Okay. Yeah. All right. Mhm. Uh huh. Who? Yeah. Okay. But Okay. Yeah. Okay. So Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah.
Doll Hi.
It'll be kind of artist you tape over the camera. Okay.
I'm doing okay.
Trying
to
what?
Yeah. Yeah. I think my friends and family are free from the virus. Um They
just we've been trying to stay home since I live by myself. So I haven't actually seen my friends um I've only seen them through like virtual like chatting and
on the phone. Yeah.
Something
like
that.
Just kind of sad and it's kind of frustrating but I guess it's better just to stay safe than to try and risk getting people sick.
There.
Yeah. I think that's what I might do. Not really uh We used to go on like my uncle's house but I don't think I've been doing that this year. Um His but it's done like zoom chatting and stuff, but we haven't actually seen them,
we haven't even gone to this house since january I think.
No.
Yeah. Yeah. You never know. My
my brother in law is a principal of the school district so he has to deal with that.
No.
Problem.
This
it will be my seventh I think. Uh
Yeah just well like the last session every time I finished one that kept saying you can sign up for another side but okay, I'll just sign up for another video so I just kept doing there and I got the email or message I think saturday friday is that they're opening up another session something. Well we'll sign up again for it.
Get
the facts
Yeah.
No.
I used to do that but I felt that it wasn't worth my time. I kept doing like they start to make um they start to do ones that have more questions and then I felt that I wasn't I was the service will take them longer than you weren't getting their point. You weren't getting as much money. You love for the longer surveys like the
America.
You
can do this.
It's like nicely like $2 but not only spend like 20 minutes. I wanted to give you 20 cents, you know.
Honey.
You
look
great.
Yeah. I used to use men fine. And they would at least give you some money when you didn't qualify.
But I guess they changed it and they were brought over and now they don't give you anything if you don't qualify.
uh I haven't
done
that.
Have long been wrapped by. Never sign up for it. Uh huh.
No.
everything.
I also
use uh mturk amazon, mechanical turk.
it's
we
go.
Yeah, I like being able to, you don't want to work on at least knowing that I can quit and not worry about
not realizing,
I'm not wasting my time if I can. Yeah, Well, I guess you really know how long does the service got taken them turk a mechanical turk versus like some of these other sites work can go on for an hour and then you got 40 cents.
it works.
That's kind of like prolific. Probably better than mturk. At least if I'm working on a survey and I see the pop up on prolific, I'm gonna work it before and I'm Turks survey because at least I know I can contact support and at least their answer many versus like mechanical turk. If you don't have a problem, you know, there's no support. You
can just contact request amounts about it. There's nothing you can do.
Yeah. Or if there's like a problem with the survey sometimes that you can message the requester. But do you feel you don't get a response back and I'm targets one once in a while. But I think that's the first problem. Most of the people, most of requesters will always get back to you or support. Okay.
thank
you.
I live in uh near Chicago in
north northwest indiana.
No.
All
look
Okay.
All
But
sometimes I get like effect um Usually like further east like house band area that gets more like effect snow than than usually we do on here. Usually um sometimes if you get lake effect where I live where you'll see a band coming across the lake. Okay.
Wait
you can
use,
Yeah it's usually in the thirties by now it is still a little um Tuesday it was like 75. Yeah.
No.
Which is
thank
you.
Hm.
Four.
What?
Wait.
Then
we don't
have,
What?
Thank
you.
Yeah. Fine. What?
that's good.
No.
All
I I
don't
like it because um
I only have street parking,
so that makes it,
I only have street parking where I live. So when it snows,
you
have to,
if it's bad, you have to dig your car
out and then put something. So no and take your spot.
So like because I only part because there's my street parking where I live when it
snows, you have to go dig your
car out
if it's really bad. And then people put like block chairs or something in front of house decline in the spot and then or someone actually moves your stuff because they want to park there so then you have to go find another place to park.
Um I think some were still blooming because we never really had it didn't really get that cold. I think we had one day where maybe it got like freezing and it's formed like the next day. So I think most of the stuff still there um the trees are starting to lose their leaves.
That's hard,
you
know?
I
friend.
That's
been
yeah. That the weather is usually constant, like it doesn't get hot and cold. There's not usually the usually it's cold, it stays cold, doesn't go hot cold like Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
they stay the same color. Um Like and uh we took a cruise, wants to like boston and Portland um Canada during the font so it was nice to see all of the leaves, all of these changing and it's very pretty when he went up to boston and New England during the fall. Mhm.
No.
Friend of wine and moved to florida and moving back. Mm. Okay. It was gonna move and live in Tampa but I guess I didn't really like it down there. But
no but then you can deal with hurricanes. It's probably not a good reason to want to live down there.
But
it
isn't.
No.
For this.
All
Nothing.
Yeah we just well here we just get small storms and thunderstorms occasionally tornadoes. Uh
One minute
you think I don't hit like Chicago and where we live usually like downstate or further away but we
don't get hurt we get remnants of hurricanes. I know one time there was flooding here because one of the hurricanes had come up from wherever and just dumped a lot of water you know over fold our solar system. I remember like 12 years it was 12 years ago something like that. 2000 and eight I think. Yeah
that's
fine.
Mhm.
This,
Well my plants at home I don't know what she was doing. She was probably sleeping. Yeah.
No
I'm at work I work
in the I. T. Department of a manufacturing company.
I work in the I. T. Department for a manufacturing company. Yeah
it's like
going
to my free time. I'll do prolific and I'm talking
no
kate. Sometimes I work from home depending like if the weather's bad or or I just or if I'm like like not not get them away from from visiting like my parents and that they can work from home but usually I go into the office just to make sure everything's working and fix anything.
but
the
music
come
maybe
the keyboard maybe the keyboard is going bad or something.
You know?
Yeah.
What?
The more,
I
think this laptop of touch screen. I don't think I've ever used the touch screen. All right. Just because I don't I don't want to like it's not it's not an ipad Like my ipad that I have is touch screen I'll use that. But this I'm just gonna use his regular laptop.
You want
to
let you
know?
Because
yeah, I think it's been 25 minutes.
Two
Mine says like 27. I think I joined a little bit before.
Don't
stop
me.
Thanks.
Well
my boy,
I've
talked
about
uh I think I've talked to one uh young lady like once the most of them and older people.
Yeah. Not not like are like around my age. Um Some of them in older that
With a lot of people say
Thanks.
No.
What?
You too.
But
second
quarter
let me just click the X.
Are
into call of the town.
I
got
to fill out the post survey.
We have to fill out the post survey where they asked. But
meaning
you too.
Bye.