Hey, how are you?
I'm good. What's your name?
Hi Romesha. I'm Catherine.
Have you done one of these before?
Same twice before. It's
random.
Oh no, I'm turning you up. Can you hear me? Ok, volume wise.
Okay I'm gonna turn you up just a little bit. Okay. The the last two I did we're both dentists. I
was like I wonder if this girl is going to be a dentist too.
I am a speech and language pathologist. Yeah,
I do um pediatric home health for um we have like a Medicaid contract. So I work with kids who are below the poverty line and then also have special needs. So we are actively trying to prevent the school to prison pipeline by providing early intervention and getting them successful, you know, with academics and job placement and you know, opening up options for kids who might not have otherwise thought they had any.
we're trying to keep them from showing up on your end later. So, and it takes, you know, it takes boots on the ground when the kid is two and three and four and five years old. So
I'm in Dallas. What about
you?
Okay, so this is super random the way they pair us up.
Oh, it's so beautiful there.
That's
true. Not
so beautiful right
now.
and
it?
Oh really? Oh, wow. That's
scary.
So people are wearing masks for Covid and for like smoke. That's weird. That's
super weird.
Are
are people having to like evacuate? Yeah.
That's, that's too low of a number for containment
shit.
We don't get that too much here. Like where I am. We do, um, we do have to get into our like safe room a lot in the spring for tornadoes, but we don't really have wildfires. Really? Yeah. So that whole thing is so different.
man. Yeah. Hey,
so I have a question for you since you work in criminal justice? Um I was thinking about I like my job so I'm not, I love my job but I was thinking about taking on a part time job. The local county had a job opening for like a community supervision officer for like youth. What like what kind of things would I need to know if I went in to interview with them? Yeah.
I
started I started listening to that podcast. Um are you sick of people telling you this? Do you know what I'm about to say? Oh okay. The one that's made inside san Quentin?
I'm trying to remember the name of it um ear hustle, it's called ear hustle
and
it
yeah it's made by so what you said kind of jogged my memory. It's made by a girl who's she's like a visual artist but she also volunteers at the prison and she's in one of those positions kind of like you were talking about where they start programs and stuff and her and a team of the guys who are there like they write it, they record it, they produce it, they make the music for it, everything and it's so well done.
It's
so well done. It's
like
yeah well it might be too close to work for you. You know, it might feel like you're at home on like your evening time off and still thinking about work. But um yeah like when people recommend something to me like oh you should read this book about special kids and I'm like I read every book about special kids. Don't want to read another book about special kids. Um It's good though. I like
it.
So you, you really are on like the office end of things.
That makes sense. Well you might enjoy it then. It was, I thought it was so well done. So
well done.
That's that's good. Netflix is great. What are you watching on netflix right now? What?
Okay. I'm writing that one down. I haven't heard of it. Oh,
I just finished glow. Have you seen that?
That
girl, it's so good. It's so good. The gorgeous ladies of Wrestling. Yeah. It's so one of my friends recommended it to me and I was like, girl, I'm not gonna watch that. I'm not that's not my thing. And she's like, no it's not about wrestling. And I said, well what's it about? She's like, it's about like, yeah, this group of women from all different backgrounds and like female friendship and empowerment and just like the struggles of being a woman and like how yeah, it's changed like over the decades, but really it hasn't changed all that much and I was like, okay, you sold me on that. So yeah, just binged like I think all three seasons
yeah, over the past like week or so, I've been putting my kids to bed and then going to watch it. Yeah. Probably not one that your boyfriend was like, but
maybe you would.
Thanks.
Hey.
huh.
girl, that is so trashy and
I love
it.
Or you find
yourself rooting for one of them and you're like, who? I don't even know these people,
it's it's garbage
and I love it.
What?
Yeah, there's so much of it like who are these people who signs up for this but God bless them because they provide entertainment for us.
Yeah, I got into that, I went to visit one of my girlfriends, I don't know a couple of years ago, me and my son drove out to see her and um the weather ended up just being awful and like one of her kids got sick and then we were like stuck in a snowstorm and there was like wolves and stuff outside and I know so we're like ok we're not leaving the house, we're just going to hunker down and hang out for the next few days. And um we watched a lot of married at first sight and we drank a lot of her homemade wine
and
yeah, it was such a great weekend even though it was, you know, not at all what we wanted to do or what we had planned, but we had fun and the kids had fun. So
I blame her for getting me into that show though.
Well
it's
not like you need to follow a plot.
that's great. I love it. That's great. I
can't
believe your
dad. What?
not really. Um my garden has just gotten a lot more attention than it used to. What about you?
Did you like previously, did you commute in and now you're working from home or has?
jeez.
I did like a hybrid pre covid. Um I don't I don't go into my office a lot. I maybe like every couple of weeks I'll pop in but not,
yeah, not a ton. I usually I'm in the field like with the families or I'm working from home on reports and stuff, so it's it hasn't changed too much um From that perspective, you know, especially since we're essential health care workers. Um
But we're having to be like a lot more careful than we were before. Obviously the mask and the hand washing, and we have to like do covid screenings on ourselves and on all the families that we see, and you know, of course, so there's just extra paperwork to do and stuff. Um But it's it hasn't changed too much, I would say a little more time at home because the schools are closed. I'm not like going up to the schools for meetings, but I didn't do that all the time anyhow. So. Yeah.
Um I think pretty much everything I've seen is open bars might still be closed, but I don't go out because I'm a mom, so I don't, I don't know if they're open or closed um but like I've seen restaurants are open, but they're doing more of like limited capacity type stuff. Yeah, A lot of people are eating outside, which not when it's 104 degrees. No man, thank you. Like,
It's
closed.
That's good. That's probably good though because we need we need this to go away before that happens.
But
how's the like local leadership in like your mayor, your governor, county judges, How are they?
Oh, that was earlier.
No.
it's a good time to stay home and do your prayers. Um
That's sad. Yeah.
God.
That sucks. That's super socks.
Why?
Because
then
they have to like pay them better and treat them
like
actual human
beings.
Okay. Do you all have cab companies out there like,
like
That's sad because a lot of people are out of work because they want better treatment. That's that
I don't know. I don't know enough about it to come up with a solution, but it sucks.
Yeah.
Uh huh.
But
Okay. You don't
think it's going to happen
it,
but
thank
you.
Kids
are gross. I
see
every
day.
We're struggling right now with um we're officially in first grade, but like we finished kindergarten on remote learning and that was so hard kindergarten,
like
they're
five years old. Yeah. Yeah. Chromebook kind of helped, but I mean it's not
five year olds
don't learn the way like
30 year olds going back to school to get a degree might learn. It's not it's not
the same thing.
it
was a lot of that. Yeah, it was a lot of like, it was a lot of one on one time where the parent had to be there with them and we would be building site words out of legos, and then uploading the pictures together and reading books together and doing just a lot of, a lot of either hands on work and then trying to upload proof that we had done it, or the screen stuff which was kind of, I don't know, a mix of successful and unsuccessful. It was a mess, it was a mess and I don't blame the teacher either, she's great, but like, she we all just kind of got thrust into this situation, or Yeah, she's a great teacher, I'm like
0% mad at her, She's just trying to figure it all out like.
yeah. There's a lot of people out there like tossing up their opinions about teachers right now and I'm just like, you have no idea, like
you have no idea
over
work.
Yeah, they're they're good, they're good, good folks. Super good folks. Uh huh. It's,
you know, it's been quite an adventurer.
How long
are we supposed to talk to you? Remember
on?
Okay, I got 25. Do you have 25 are doing, do we need to go more?
Okay, okay, let's keep going for another minute then. I don't want them to like disqualify us for not doing it right. I want to follow the world. Yeah.
wildfires and Covid and
Uber and that's what um
Always every day, every day. Yeah. Even
before Covid I was a big, big, you know, homemade meals person.
I think
it
comes.
What do you say?
Dis
disagree. I would love to have all my meals delivered. It's it's more
a result of um necessity because of like the the cost of dining out are getting you know, delivery or like it's too much,
it's it's too much. Especially like I'm a I'm a mom, I'm a single mom, I have a mortgage, I have kids, car dogs like.
Mhm. If I can feed everybody for a dollar 89 a meal instead of $12 a meal, like we're doing it. So yeah, we cook a lot. I was just working on my menu for next week because I do like a grocery order once a week and I buy everything and then I cook like in bulk. So we have like a ton of thai food or we have like 20 breakfast burritos and the freezer that we can pull out or whatever.
It helps
it helps the time management too, because I'm not having to like rush home to get dinner started, you know? So
whenever
I
yeah it's it's I used to like to like cook from scratch every night and then it's like not that's not possible anymore. I'll do
it
when when I can I'll do it but I'll make 10 servings of it. Yeah. Yeah.
Anyways it was nice to meet you and
have our weird little random chat that they recorded and who knows what they're going to do with now. Well I hope they enjoy it. You
too. Bye.