do you agree on top? Yeah. Okay. Yes. All right. Yeah. Mhm. No, everybody in here? Oh no, mm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. You Right? Yeah. Mhm. Oh, Oh, okay. Yeah. What? Okay. You better do it? Mhm. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I was just thinking, hi,
I'm good. How are you doing?
My name is Romesha.
Right? Nice to meet you.
Um, yeah, yeah. Twice before. What about you?
My last
person? Yeah, it really is. My last person didn't show up. So I was like, really?
yeah, yeah, you're good.
Oh, hi, it's time. And um,
I am not veniste, I'm an associate personnel analyst, eric and human resources for the Department of corrections. It is interesting. That's for sure. I like it a lot. What about you?
that is awesome. Okay.
That is so important. That that's definitely a rewarding career. That's amazing. So
of course. Yes, definitely. Where are you located?
I'm in
California.
Yeah, I just want to talk to someone from florida and before that, the guy I talked to first, he was from California as well, but he's in southern California and I'm in sacramento.
right now everything is on fire though,
it's
horrible.
No,
and so it's hazy. There's ash. We're not even at, that were like two hours away from the closest fire and there's
ash
everywhere.
it's
really, it's really hard to breathe in. Like we didn't have enough going on right now as it is. Okay.
my mom
bad asthma and um, it's really hard for her to breathe outside right now. So it's steven staying in the house with this pretty much
the last couple of days.
in our area but yes because I think the largest fire that's near us in the town that's about two hours away almost and they're only at 7% containment. So um it's
Yeah. Yeah and it's already been burning for over a day and then only 7% so.
Mhm. It's crazy.
Yeah, it's so crazy. I'm depending on where you are like what disasters you have to prepare for because here we just get earthquakes and fires and that's pretty pretty much it. But yeah, that's
Yeah.
I'm not too familiar with that aspect of it. Um I deal with the hiring. I do actually, I'm an examinations so I do the exams, like the written test to get one point, but we don't really have on our side have that many community resources put like dogs. There's a we start to his manager and their, what they do is they deal with getting outside agencies like spiritual leaders. Like they deal with different groups like that to get them to go inside the prisons and you know, get groups started with the enemies. But there's not really a whole bunch that's like maybe one or two positions per prison for that certification. And we have 34 prisons here. So it's really only 30 people who are in that job throughout the whole school. So
it's
Oh no, I haven't heard I'm not even familiar with it. No. Yeah, I've heard about it but I really haven't like I don't want any details about that all know
that
sounds
familiar.
Whether
we can,
I'll
have to check it out.
Actually
like I'm so far removed from the prison because I work at headquarters, we just do the human resources part that I don't know too much about what goes on. So I feel like I'm really far removed from it, so. Yeah, yeah, I've only probably been at the prisons maybe since I've been with the department maybe six or seven times total, so not a whole lot.
Yes, we hire for the positions that are inside the prison, We don't deal with the prison directly. Yeah.
I'm
getting I have to check it out. I've not really listened to any podcast at all, I keep hearing. Yeah, yeah, I'm more like a netflix vinger.
now um we just finished Umbrella Academy season two, That was great, my boyfriend and right, we like all kinds of action superhero, any type of supernatural.
Academy, there's two seasons on their um, spaced off of a graphic novel. It's really good. I like it, look, I know what kind of shows are you into.
I've
seen it advertised, but I have never watched.
Whoa.
Now
I would, I would check it out. I think
right, since the whole pandemic started, I've been watching a lot more shows that I haven't watched in the past, I would have been
into like right
now I'm hooked on watching Married at first sight. I love that.
I
love it.
I love it. He's like, you're seeing the beginning like, okay, they're gonna stay together, they're gonna stay together and it's gonna work out perfect. And then the end, it's like everything just goes self so quickly.
Well
exactly. Exactly. But I do not think that I would be like so into that show, but here I am.
It's Exactly,
yeah. Okay. And there's
so many reasons.
that is true. I love it.
I've
seen a good time.
That's awesome. Have you got,
Yeah, so I've been hopping around because I've watched like the first couple of seasons and I started on the current season and I have some minimal role, so I'm like all over the place with it.
And
my
Exactly, and my my dad, he was one day he was like, what are you watching? And I told him I told him about it and then he was like, how that sounds dumb. So he sits down and now he's hooked up.
You're
having
any
he's hilarious. Have you gotten any new hobbies from having to be stuck at home now?
Um I've gotten back into selling because um of course for making masks now and then gardening as well and then I've been cooking and baking a lot more because now we have like nothing but time. So. Yeah.
Um Yeah before we were in the office um full time, we were always told you cannot work from home, your work is not suited for teleworking period and all of a sudden March hits and they're like oh you need to go home immediately. My God. But we couldn't work from home what's going to happen now? But of course they were not we were not prepared for this at all and in no way shape or form we didn't have in my floor hr we have about 200 employees and we had 19 laptops. So like how are we all gonna tell the work with 19 laptops, it's not going to work. And so um since the
department is one of the biggest departments in the state, why don't we have money for equipment and we're just now getting laptops five months later. So they're going to get them to deploy to us maybe within the next week. But we're showing the office two days a week and then tell the work for three days a week. So yeah, it's been a adjustment period for sure because some people are not wanting to work at home because you have to use your own computer. Of course they're like if something happens it's going to be confiscated as evidence or whatever. And I'm like don't do anything trade and you'll be fine. I'm like but the one thing is that you have to use your all your own paper and all these things you're not getting remember for any of it. So that's one of the downsides. What about you? Were you in the office early?
little more.
Mhm.
You know other things in the area like your business is still closed their or something's open. Some things are closed.
It's been really hot here 1 13 1 10 lately and then we have the fires now but everything is pretty much still closed here. People are still outside under eating. Yeah. Every pretty much everything here is
closed.
You know you can't go and restaurants and eat. Um You can't schools closed of course you know schools are closed. Um Pretty much yeah nothing is back to normal at all so.
definitely, definitely. And I think they did jump the gun here to reopen way too quickly and then it went, it went downhill very
quickly and now we're in the same place we were in March, if not worse. So,
I feel like, um, in the beginning, I think the governor did a pretty good job. We were one of the first, um, counties to close schools. So I think dark schools close here on March six and
that was really early. And then, I mean that's what he did great, which is really good. But then after that, I felt like he felt a lot of pressure to get the economy back on track. So he started open up things and phases and he had four phases to reopen. And he went to phase one to phase two within a week. And I'm like, that's not enough, no, that's not enough time at all.
And you know, all of a sudden people are protesting in the capital because they want to go to church and I understand, you know, religion is important to people. I understand that. But if you have someone go to church and they have covid and all of a sudden now 100 people quarantine. Like we had one church in California where someone to acquire kept having their practices and then 20 something people were infected and then a lot of people tried because you know, you, you still want to go and worship, which I mean that's your right. Okay. But right now think of others please.
yeah.
At one point I think we were having like 13,000 new cases a day. Yeah.
Right now I think it's been around 7, 8000 day, which is still horrible. But it's not as bad as it was. So I'm hoping that he just gives us more time before he tries to go back to his phased reopening and then right now I'm sure he's stressed because we have all these fires going on as well and uh no resources to fight them so.
and then now they have um I guess lift and Uber stop stopping to running in California today as well. So
because they want to um I guess the federal government wants to make them classify Uber and Lyft drivers as employees instead of independent contractors and they don't want that. So they're like we're going to stop operating in California completely because we don't want to classify these people as employees.
I don't
know.
and
benefits
and
Yeah exactly, so they're like we're not going to operate their periods so
we
need to do, but it seems like when once Uber and lift came these taxis are pretty much out because you know it's a lot cheaper to take a Uber or lift and it is to take in Tennessee. So you really only see those maybe at like airports or places like that. You don't really see them anywhere else because everything else is so prevalent. Yeah. I don't know what's going to happen with that. It's all crazy.
No.
Yeah.
Yeah.
How else to do what happened is this like so much going on right now? And yeah
my mom and brother worked for the school district so they've been at home since smart six as well and they were trying to prepare for you know kids to come back to school but I'm like no
they
no I don't think so. I'm just knowing kids you know um kids
are not going to keep
their mask on, they like to run
around
and rub boogers on each other, you know? So
No,
that
is it's
true,
it was true, so I don't know how they're going to manage that. So I've always loved distance learning myself, but I know it's really hard for little kids to be focused and disciplined to do that. Yes.
I bet I've had Oh
my
goodness.
No,
but
What?
It
like what do you even have a five year old doing in distance learning? Like here's my finger painting and hold it up, like what
I don't
I have
Yeah. There's no really right in the way to prepare for something that you've never experienced before, so you you don't know and
no.
Yeah, because I mean even before this they were underpaid and
so
under appreciated and then I'll have to do with this and you're still giving them crap about how they're handling on like that, that horrible other saints because I know that I don't have the patience to ever be a schoolteacher. I mean that's yeah, I definitely applaud them for all that they do.
There
I think, yeah,
don't
25
minutes.
I think like another minute.
Okay. We talked about work and hobbies and schools. Mm
everything.
you um do you like to cook at all?
And
that's good.
And
I
was better.
I said it always tastes better than something
fast.
It's
Yeah, I agree.
Like,
That's
our system,
And
I love
it. I've been there.
it's
time consuming.
Okay.
You too.
you take care.