hi um can you hear me?
Okay. Yes I can. Mhm.
Good how are you?
he's
like
oh that's so cute I don't have any pets but a lot of my roommates have pets so they talk about their pets a lot.
Oh it's okay.
they didn't um is there a prompt?
I didn't see
Okay so what did you guys talk about?
I don't know what's going on sorry I'm going to try again. Um Uh huh I'm going to really can you see me now?
Okay I don't know what happened. Oh my dad works in the information systems department but he's more like I just I don't really know he does he just works with the department of labor for new york state but I don't I don't really know the premise of what he does but yeah he's a computer person
for the most part.
Yeah I don't know much about it. Sorry
um I'm a student right now in college. I'm majoring in biochem.
yeah,
that I like it.
Oh, that's what my sister wants to do. That's really cool actually. But yeah, biochem can be pretty stressful. Just kind of like knowing what you need to do. But hopefully I like to persevere or something. But yeah,
it's
interesting.
Hopefully. What about you? Um, did you like major or anything or like, was it just always like I. T
Oh, that's so bad forward. So I like you, are you into like game theory? Those kind of things Or is it more like um the developed development
of games?
Uh It's very cool. It's so cool. Like graphics and stuff.
Mm hmm. That's cool. Cool. So like, um, do you like use like um I guess like, like adobe Photoshop and stuff and create
designs and stuff and like kind of like settings that would
be like using games?
I was
Okay. And do you like have these like, like I know like some of my friends, like one of my friends, she's an architect. So like what she does is she like creates the designs on like um before and then she like send it to like a three d printer to just kind of have it kind of like in person. Do you also do that or do you mainly just keep it?
That's super cool. I just, yeah, that's awesome to me because like, I really like, um I'm supposed to be good at technology wise just because like the field I'm going into, I'm going to be using a lot of data basis. But I'm not really good with being creative with technology. Like um just like building things. That's super cool too because I don't I feel like I'm really stunted in the creativity aspect with with like using my hands or just using kind of like my imagination and being inspired by things I'm really bad at like art or like really like doing those things like I can design like a room, I can design like an outfit, but I can't really design like art
per se. Like I just don't know something that means locking that, but I find
it super cool when people can do that.
Uh and I used to beat me until I went to college and then everyone was like kidding to kind of change everything and I was like, I'll think about it.
For the most part,
For the
most
part,
Uh huh. Yeah, but like it's definitely super cool that you just kind of like have like something you're very passionate about because like that's kind of where I'm at like I am a biochem major, but what do I want to do um kind of like to step it up like I don't know and I'm a sophomore and I kind of should like kind of have like some more kind of like an area of specialization and I have that, but then it changed and how it keeps changing so I'm
like
confused.
wow. Oh what industry were doing before?
some
more kind of like building stuff too, so you've always had like a talk through that.
but it's definitely cool that you're able to kind of transition and stuff and like kind of having the skills to be able to transition because like my mother, she was a nurse for like almost her whole life and now she wants to go into I. T. It's kind of like difficult for her because she didn't have those skills to begin with, so it's really good that you kind of like have that budding interest in skills, I find that really like admirable to me.
Yeah. Yeah, that's why I signed her up on Coursera because I was like I do like language classes on that and that definitely helped me, so I was like just like stick to it and you'll probably understand a lot of more things as opposed to that, but she just needs to like stick to it, it's just a real problem right now,
but if she wants
it really bad.
Yeah, I definitely like stay on top of her for that because if she really wants it she should definitely go for it.
Mhm. Yeah, I wish I like I want to learn how to code. Um I feel like I just feel like learning how to cut would just like to really help me, I don't know, think better or more intuitively, but I think like I've taken so many coding classes for so many different languages. I just really struggle with just even the basics, like even just the basics of our amendments to put like the slashes in the beginning. I'm
just
like I forget.
So it's like
super
like
definitely like just syntax just like trips me up for some reason, even though like I'll go over many times and I just I don't remember but like I think I've gotten better because like sometimes I'm able to kind of just like slowly remember so like every now and then I was just come back to like, I don't know like sometimes I like use like um the note thing, like the, the note pad on like the windows and like try to type stuff up of what I remember for starting what pages. So like, I feel like if I just keep practicing maybe I'll be able to code like at least java or C plus less, but like
attentively.
So I'll definitely learn python just to like yeah, that's about it because yeah, I like people have been telling me like you kind of have to at least know how to like work with data, like you have to kind of be computer savvy and I'm like, I don't know how to do that. Like I know some basics going not the most. I was like definitely going to have to stay on top of that just to like improve myself a little better.
she's
still baby. Um Oh, where are you? Where do you, I mean this is weird, Is this weird because like it's still stunning out for you? So I was like wondering like
what part of
like
the country you are? Oh wow. You're like all the ways like wait yeah, all the way west for me, I'm in new york. God, yeah,
that's super cool. How is Oregon?
that's such a good one. Uh huh You win some, you lose them but like 60 seventies is like perfect temperature for me because like in new york it's just it's so weird. Like we have such weird weather patterns, like it gets so hot and then like instantly cools down or like we have snow at the weirdest times. So like
I like
transition seasons, but I like some stability as well. So that's super nice.
Ooh.
And
Oh my God. Okay, scratch out New York is not that bad. Oh my God. 111.
That's intense.
Yeah, I heard
about
that,
right? Oh my God. Like people always make jokes about upstate new york, like always spring in upstate new york and it's like just inches of snow. But like, I feel like, wow, that's crazy because like, aren't you,
I will go ahead.
that's so bad. No, wow. Okay. Yeah, no, I'm saying new york is not that bad. I take that back. But yeah, but like most of us have in mind here in massachusetts, which is practically the same as something gets like a lot more snow. And then I live on a hill. So like to go to classes, I'm just like medical, just roll down because like it's not bad. But you know, I didn't know. Is that extremely arrogant.
No.
but I
do.
Oh no, I a girl new
york.
I forgot
my
relative.
I've only been to Niagara once actually
I think.
Yeah, right. Like kind of like nearer Canada, like you guys are near the border of Canada. So it gets really bad there. But yeah, I remember going there to visit the university and then they took us to Niagara Falls and it looks pretty. But yeah, it gets bad up north. So I'm just trying to like move down south, but not to south. Like somewhere it's like very temperate. So perfect. So maybe the coast of Oregon maybe for me because 60 and 70's Perfect.
Uh huh It's nice. Yeah.
Mm. Sounds I do. Yeah. Are there any other like hobbies you do or are you like mainly focused on buddy
T. Stuff?
That's good.
Me
too.
Yeah. Actually I was going to be injured. I mean I'm still going to probably become an engineer later on. But yeah I was planning on going to like a strictly like engineering school but like I'm not really much of a hard science kind of person. That's why I decided to go to a school that's a liberal arts college. So I didn't like I feel like my mind was blowing up but like I wanted to go engineering but then I took physics did not like that so I just had to his run. But yeah I'm doing super cool. The things you can do with its reverse the tile. So that was what drew me in.
I think you could definitely do that with like that. I taste stuff like definitely finding like a company that allows you to like use your I. T. Skills in
order
to kind of like create robots and stuff in A. I. So yeah I think I feel like I mean there's I know there's like a lot of startups but I haven't heard of a like a major major companies who are just doing like strictly like very like science based as opposed to like just entertainment ai and stuff like that. But like I'm sure there are like startups that are so coming up and I'll definitely give you the opportunity to do those things. Yeah
the same.
No explain.
Oh wait wait wait is it? Oh my god I remember it was like a google thing of like um when it was like a google pixel thing you know it's like this thing that allows you to pour cereal into your bowl and it's like this elaborate long scheme of like tubes and stuff and finally the stereo gets there. Oh, that's super cool. Is that what you
think
you're probably
going to do
complicated
way? I think that's, I think that's like really good because like it shows kind of like intuition and kind of creativity because I feel like for me, I'm not creative, so I just feel like let's get this done the easiest way, but like to actually go through the steps of being like this connects this way and then I can allow it to like, it's like people who create dominoes are like those kind of contraptions. Like I find that super cool because I'm not able to see where things connect to the point where they work out, but like to be able to be like this ball will hit here and it will dart here and Zach there, it gets with destination. That's like cool to me, it's like super, like, I feel like that's, it takes like a brilliant mind to be able to think of those things because I
just can't because I'm just like
just
cut it
in the
wall.
No, I think that's brilliant in my humble opinion opinion. That's pretty Berlin if you ask me. But yeah, definitely, like you should definitely be an engineer in that case because that's like the talent it takes to be an engineer because like it takes like kind of the understanding of how things move in motion and I guess like from the way you explain that you understand that pretty well if you like are capable of creating those like contraptions that work and make you excited and
happy, so like I would definitely go for it.
Are you like, like oh taking classes or like are you applying for like these different companies? I mean
obviously like the pandemic is making it harder, but
but my friend is good. Sure.
Two.
But yeah, super cool. To have like ambitions. Yeah, I know you're going to continue doing online classes. Right. Talent for the yeah, this start. I wish.
Yeah, I think I go back next week to school, which is like my heart beats even thinking about it because like I trust my classmates but I also don't trust them because like A lot of them are planning on partying already and I'm just like, let's not, but hopefully everything goes well because I can't learn remotely as well just because like I have labs and stuff so like that makes us 10 times harder so hopefully everybody stays safe.
Yeah, I wish like I remember like taking like a physics class and we're supposed to kind of like learn ourselves and like read the textbook and kind of teach ourselves and I just struggled with like having kind of like the lack of direction. So like I hope maybe I'll kind of like grow out of it and like kind of be able to kind of learn self sufficiently at the same time. Hopefully like not too soon because I'm not ready, but like hopefully I'm able to get better at it once I hit like graduate school or something, but yeah, close kill to have.
What?
So you kind of have like March parties? Yeah, hopefully that happens from you too.
Okay. Yeah. Um what else was I going to ask you? I was an asshole I think. Um Would you like work for like a big name brand
like?
Yeah definitely. Like yeah my friend was talking about it. He's an engineer and he had like planned to work for Nasa because he thought oh this is super cool but then like he like started an internship and I was like thousands of kids in just one room and he just got super stressed and he was like I would prefer to work for like a startup or like just like a small company with like less than 100 employees because like just gives me less like stressed and like more freedom to kind of be more creative. So like I definitely see that because like I feel like I feel the same like working like I want to be like a lab researcher and like I feel like working for like a company like I don't know like G. E. R. Regeneration with like not be like my strong suit because I just feel like there's so many people watching over your shoulder you're comparing yourself to others. It would be too much. Yeah I definitely get that.
Yeah they're always like team building team together kind of like that thing and it's like most people well a lot of people who kind of are like builders and creators they kind of do well by themselves where they can think for themselves and are able to kind of express themselves without the input of others. And then maybe when they're done they can like kind of aspirin and put others but like it's super stressful to be around other people all the time. It's kind of like yeah I to get that.
Yeah I feel like that's so much better. Like I felt like I was an extra effort because I'm social, but to a certain extent of I'm social to those who, I don't know how to explain it. I'm social, kind of like I'm worn an opening, but I'm not really like a center of attention kind of social, but then I came to college is literally my freshman year of college and I was just like, not as social as I thought I would be. I'd be like, oh, maybe like when I have no more restraints, I'll be most used to put like I didn't go to anything. I think that so many parties at all freshman year was, which is crazy to me. Like I spent most of the time in my room, in the library, at lab, so like I was like, maybe I'm just not the extroverts that I once thought I was and like I prefer working by myself. So like definitely probably going to look for a company, like, like values kind of like self improvement kind of like thing. Yeah.
So Yeah, same. There's like this kind of like when you're around a lot of people, it's like you have to spend a lot of energy just kind of having to talk to people and stuff. So it's definitely like my dad's the same like um when we're social settings, like there's a point where his social battery just runs out and he's just like, I kind of have to like go away my second, I definitely relate to them also the time. So like yeah, I think a lot of people are like that, but they just don't like, I feel like a lot of people are kind of like that but they don't acknowledge it because kind of society is kind of like build off like social interaction stuff like this. A lot of people feel like they have to socially interacting stuff so
it's kind of
like hard
to
me.
like
a lot of my teachers like anti social behavior to not like want to be around people and stuff
like that, don't learn that at some point.
Oh yeah. I feel like in high school definitely like like everyone has a partner, you have to work with, a partner, your partner and if your partner messes up like so it's kind of like stressful at that point, I would just be like the one to be like I think I'm like I'm just kind of here, I'll do my part but don't talk to me or like I just feel like I'm going to leave now. But like I really was like, I
can't
Because I was
like, I'm
not
much
of like
a leader. Yeah. I'm not really much of a leader. Like I'm a team player since that I'll help out. But I'm not like a team player since when like vocal about it. So I was just about doing that kind of thing they told me to do and then I would leave once my part was done.
Yeah, it is. But yeah, I'm definitely mm hmm. So I don't know what's going on. Something popped up. Okay. Okay. Um Okay. You can still see me. Right? Okay. Sorry. Something said my camera was not okay. Yeah. What else to talk about? I don't know. We talked about most of the things that are happening in my life, which is weird because all that's happened in my life is work. but yeah.
no, you're enjoying like your classes, right? Because like
uh what do you guys have networking?
sorry, I thought you meant network, like you guys have to like talk to each other?
okay. Yeah, because I was scared, I was like, wow.
hopefully
I'll get
a hang of it.
about it sounds super shuffle.
I think I actually, I also enjoy doing testing, I've ever doing trusting than the learning part, which is odd. But yeah, like during that city's I felt completely chilled and stuff, but yeah, in classes I just kind of get like stressed or like I'm like this I'm not moving at the pace I want but like I'm also confused most of the time.
real classes are different on coursera because I took on a korean class and like I feel like we just had to write like a bunch of essays and stuff, but like it was like super lightweight compared to learning like networking and having to write a whole right up on that. That's stressful.
that's
perfect.
something to know.
Mhm. Yeah, same. That's like um like my classes with like physics and stuff, they're like,
or like calculus or like, you may not need to use it if you become so and so kind of researcher, but you still need to know it.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay, mm hmm.
have
how
are you?
Oh, Okay. Oh, 44 minutes while,
we supposed
to
x out of things? Yeah.
wow. Okay. Thank you.