Hi.
Yes I can hear you. Can you hear me
are you today?
Not too bad sorry my cats my kitten is a little rambunctious today. Stop biting my hand. Five months old. So he's uh still
full
of energy.
Yeah I try not to bore people
so uh they didn't really give us anything to talk about. Is there?
No
not that I saw there wasn't one for my last talk either so
mostly ended up talking about uh the I. T. Industry because I'm looking to enter it and he's been working in it. I seem to have lost your video feed.
Yeah I can see you know
it's
a pretty broad field so he could be doing pretty much anything.
So what do you do?
Oh that's interesting. I had a
friend who was in biochem for a while although she
she enjoyed it but found it too stressful and ended up going into marine biology instead.
you can
do
it.
I've always been into I. T. I've also I quite a bit of studying on games industry and programming. So
development
and art.
three D. Art has turned into pretty much a hobby. I didn't quite go into doing it professionally.
I
do
I do know adobe a Photoshop but I mostly use things like blender and Maya to create three models
Z. Brush for sculpting. Things like that.
If I had a three D. Printer I would definitely be printing off pretty much everything I do but
well
designing
an outfit is a form of art it's not something I can do. I have absolutely no style. So
I mostly hang out with the nerd crowd so they didn't have much
they didn't have much
of the
way of style
for me. So.
well
things
can change throughout your entire life. I mean I'm almost 40 and I'm changing industries because yeah,
I ended up with a working construction, actually, carpentry, things like
that.
it wasn't something I was really interested in, but it was an opportunity to get by for a while and sometimes you just have to do that. But uh
For uh for a good fundamentals, google doesn't course on coursera for uh
the
fundamentals
course from google is good introduction to the ideas to see if she's even interested in going beyond that.
Yeah, and it's definitely feels that needs more people right now, so
the
syntax
and
something
between
languages. Uh
If you're
going you're going into biochem, you'll be working with a lot of data, python is actually very, very good at handling items. That's yeah. And it's also considered somewhat easier to learn for people because it's not quite as strictly formatted as uh C plus plus and java. Uh Yeah.
It's not giving
me,
I'm
in
Oregon.
Uh
It depends on which area you live in. Uh generally prefer the coast uh area, it's pretty much always around 60 to 70 degrees, although it rains a lot.
my
Wisconsin.
Right now I'm uh living in south central uh the foothills of the mountains and tickets
really hot here. It was 100
and 11 the other day. Uh
And
this winter wasn't too bad, but the winter before they called it snow, but snow again because uh we
ended
up,
yeah power was out for four or five days. So uh
my heater
relies on electric too, so it was cold.
it's just this area that's like that a lot of the other places are nowhere near as bad and then
of course this coast which is perfect all the time. I did live in Niagara
for
a while so I
new
york. Yeah so I
do
know
some of the upstate new york weather but although that
I think
a little bit more extreme because we were right there.
Yeah I love it over there. The rain does kind of get annoying after awhile but once you get used to it they joke all the time about how when it's sprinkling that's Oregon sunshine
but it's always comfortable and yeah
mainly
focused on the I. T. Stuff I do like
uh pretty much anything we're building things crafting. I would have loved to have gone into engineering but uh that
opportunities
didn't quite uh
I'd love to be able to get into things like automation and robotics and things like that
and
expand.
Although
I would probably just end up creating, do you know what A rube Goldberg devices?
They're overly complicated ways to do simple things.
For
some reason
always
had for some reason I've always had a fascination with them and I always go about doing things in a more uh not
the most efficient
I
wouldn't say
my
mind
is
brilliant. Just unusual. Yeah.
It's
if I get the opportunity uh is just building the foundation to get the opportunities that's uh the challenge
I'm
currently taking the classes which the pandemic actually helped us because it's made it so much easier to get the time to do these things. And there have been several companies have made it a little bit easier to get in on their financial aid and things like that
obviously, is that the only reason you wanted up here
out too much? No.
yeah, I'm in a situation right now where I don't really have to go out, so I'm doing my best to.
yeah, I'm fortunate that I've always been a self learner, so it's actually easier for me to do it remotely. Uh
I have found as I get older, it does get easier. Uh I'm not sure, possibly just because it's uh I've
already had so much time behind me that it doesn't quite feel like I'm spending as much time doing it now, so more,
it probably will, I think it probably happens for everyone,
I
would definitely consider it, but I, for smaller, I actually don't deal well with people, so I prefer smaller situations where I actually know the people I'm working with and not hundreds of people who I barely know barely ever meet. So.
It seems oddly enough it's larger more successful companies have not quite learned how to manage introverts very well. They are still in that extroverts ideal of.
I was reading a book on introversion quiet and she was talking about how some of the more enjoyable cos she's seen for introverts are they've got a large open area for uh you can go there you can talk to people and then everyone everyone has an office. They can go in and sit and shut the door at any time, do their work and then if they need to talk to people they can come outside and actually do it.
I've always pretty much known I was an introvert but uh it surprises some people when they hear that because while I am shy and quiet, I'm very social. I I enjoy people, I actually do enjoy being wrapped people, but they exhaust me.
We're
taught
that
in schools.
This is how you should be. And I'm actually
glad
we
were getting that in the eighties. But I look at schools today where they're basically forcing kids to be in small groups all the time, do pretty much all of their homework in groups. I would not survive this. But
group
things. I was always just like okay just listen to how they want to do it and I just do it. I
just
end
up doing it
all
the way.
It's just easier that way.
that's pretty much me too. Right now. It's just doing these horses and getting by uh
until I got up to the networking part. I really don't like networking
well as in uh setting up a computer network and things like that. Uh
Well there is a forum for talking but it's optional. But
Uh it's just I've never really been into the whole networking side of computers and it's I'm finding out it's really not my strong suit. Uh The
worst part of
it.
the worst part was having to write a report on everything. A network packet goes through from one computer to another. And it's a very long and intricate process of packaging, it repackaging, checking it. But
I just I've never really liked writing reports. Uh Yeah, doing testing, that's perfectly fine. I do well on them and I enjoy doing them. But uh
Yeah, that's how I felt pretty much the entire time during the networking thing which
I was talking. I did another one of these yesterday and was talking to a guy who uh I mentioned that he was he's in the field. He did assure me that it's broad enough that I don't actually have to worry about ending up working and networking unless I really want to. But
it's still
something it's still something you probably understand
because it does affect so many areas of computing
I think.
there's like game development, there's so many sections of math you really don't need but you should know how to use them because they help you better grasp the underlying concepts of what you are using. Think
we have actually done 25 minutes. We
we've done
working.
It's um you can see it on the page that you came from that it should be open in another tab.
That went
by pretty
quick.
we x out of this and finish the survey on the other tab. It's another 20 minutes. Yeah.
Have a good day. It was nice talking to you. Bye.