grant me the power explain. I have a man. First time I'll let you come here, my grandma has a tongue. But after I doubt I'm strong enough to beat some becomes stronger. Have you been so easy for so long? You've forgotten his regards. Life is a journey when you're strange. Your heart. You can week. Why are you running around with the other girls? Are not worth the pilots. It's written on what does it matter? Yes. What? Mm hmm. Sorry. Anyone without your creditors trying to kill us? We'll never want a way to defeat this year. On March 30 Saturday morning. Who reviewed 130 my wall shot in the back door in the years. Every truck. We cultivate some of the finest coffee. Every trouble they never coffee protecting
high. Mhm.
Yeah.
No.
What?
Yeah, I can hear you fine.
No, I didn't hear. Mm.
You
know.
We
have.
Okay. Okay. So let's have you done this before?
Yeah. I've tried to do a dive on them but I've only been able to do 35 times I've been stood up so far.
I
figured for sure today would be another one.
It's great, it's great. I'm like, I just, the last four tries, I think nobody showed up or something like that, It's really annoying.
It's much better than mine is.
Hello?
I usually,
I don't know because all you get an email like the day before make saying matched, but nobody ever shows up, so I don't know what, how they actually matching because people
never show
up to my Yeah,
This
known.
Yeah
Take long. Yeah.
No, so I'm chuck, I live
in Oregon, yeah, mm
Oh really? Where'd you move from Oregon?
I grew up in that area. I moved,
I moved down here. I live in on the border of California and Oregon on the organ side and I lived in san I lived in santa clara there before.
No, no, no I'm or towards the coast so brian.
Yeah, I'm only about 13 miles from where? This is probably the closest town where I would would be cave junction.
Yeah. That Rough and ready is an old logging company but they did some good things with preserving that and all that. Mhm
Yeah. Rough and ready. That's why there's a lot of like mountains around here called rough and ready in different
I'm
Uh
Have
you
That
it was sold for $8?
Yeah, that's
ever ever heard was that it was bought for $8 or something like that. But I
don't know,
I'm
from up north, I'm just learning down here is, you know,
The last five years or so?
It is, it's a weird place, There's no cops or anything, so it's really, it's kind of sketchy actually, if you
pop here it'll take an hour. Mhm,
It's off.
Just
how I
think the work, you don't want something exactly like you. Uh huh.
Mhm. It is, it's a weird state. I mean, you can't even pump your gas, I mean you can go smoke crack and for $100 you'll find, but you can't pump your own gas.
I'm from Montana. But I lived in Oregon most of my life, my dad was in the service is the reason I was born up there.
No,
no,
I live,
I heard my family's from Junction city About seven miles north there. Yeah,
It does. So you went to the university Oregon? He said,
for
what were you going for?
hm. I have no idea what that would be, but yeah.
No.
Uh
I
More step Mom worked at university Oregon for 27 years. Uh,
she was minister what they did administration for foreign students, like whatever. She was in charge of doing that. But she did it
for help.
You retired with a good pension? No,
I didn't. I grew up in his shadow, uh because my parents were divorced and my mom lived in Springfield. So I spent a lot of time at the dirt track over there at Autzen Stadium, you know, at odds in stadium there, there's a little dirt track behind their emerald.
Well, that's where I where, when I was a kid where I spent my summers. Yeah. You
have like you and I was like, I went to school there, but I didn't go to school because I was always on a campus, you know?
Everything.
It's everything here.
Yeah. I can pull out a half a dozen shirts right now.
I
played it out some stadium a couple of times when I was a kid. It was a big deal to me. Yeah.
And if you've never been to a college football game, that's the one you want to go to because it's loud.
What? Yeah. Before I could drink and I used to go to a lot.
Yeah, I just had to get away from it. No,
it's
not that I'm like dying to have a drink or anything, it's not just, I don't need to be around that kind of thing, you know?
I loved it. I love you on the stadium.
Except
the implicit
in the
student
section,
I was just getting into much trouble up there. I was in with the wrong crowd you could say or I was the wrong crowd and I need to kid
away.
I was
I was, you know, I don't know, it was just a bad time.
Everything's good
now though.
Don't
drink.
yes, like evacuation level. We had, my sister had, I don't know if you know where the brian country store is.
Yeah, it's about 30 miles from cave junction. My sister had to stay there for two weeks, had to camp out there because their house is like two miles down the road and they, they had to be evacuated and no place to go. I mean it was hell on earth down here.
It's
I was most affected by the slater fire that Alameda fire. That was crazy. That remind me of paradise. You remember when paradise California, that's exactly what the Alameda fire remind me of. Just like that everything's gone.
I couldn't I couldn't turn away from it. I watched somebody out of Youtube go if he's going all night of that and I couldn't turn it off. I was up all night. Mhm.
I didn't I didn't know that that I mean I knew you guys have forest fires, I don't hear anything about like cities burning like here.
I
want to
one
50
extremely windy there. He had to make perfect windy storm or something.
that's
Yeah I don't I didn't see the sun there for probably three weeks. Yeah,
I don't remember
even
I'm afraid that it did some permanent damage, I mean
exactly. There's a lot of people compromised immune systems and compromised lungs that they just know it's doing more damage than most people think like my
room,
my roommate has a COPD and asthma, I know the harm him.
thankfully we have central air.
it is, it's unnerving when you see the news and you're like the worst place in the country is so you're like right where I'm at.
or
no way.
We're number one, we're number one, wow.
Yeah, I think I think it's about that seems about right. I mean I don't remember any large loss of life, maybe a person here there remember Remember uh older lady and her grandson? They both burned down.
Was that what was
I
heard
they
heard they closed down and chanted for us. They just did for good or something. Mhm.
Oh yeah when I was a kid Of course. Yeah. I was field trip. That's for the field trip you know?
I had
my first
what?
Black
people?
Yeah. It sucks the shit that he shot it dead in the corner of coronavirus. Shut it down. They couldn't survive. They said. Mhm.
I said hopefully
listening.
Mhm.
It's our Disneyland.
That
was
the description. It did look apocalypse, the apocalypse they really did. That's what yeah that's what it felt like every day. It feels like the apocalypse was happening or something.
I couldn't even see that. It's
stare right at this gun.
Yeah. Mhm.
Oh wow, I didn't hear that.
Being right in the coat
cleared out a lot. Yeah.
Mhm.
What's your name?
I heard it. I heard they backed that up though. It's only supposed to be like a tropical depression or something that are
that
you can quit anytime now. Well,
I haven't had a drink in five years, but on New Year's Eve at midnight I'm having a goddamn drink.
Let's get let's get this over with. Yeah.
Thank
you.
What? Mm,
Mhm.
Yeah. I heard we had 18 new cases in this county yesterday and this is a small county. We don't have very many people here. There's less than 100,000 people here.
Well,
per one just seems like it. But the county next door Jackson, they had to put him on a two week pause yesterday I think. Yeah. They're not they had stepped back on their opening up or something like that.
I I haven't felt nervous about it just because it don't know anybody. I mean nobody I know that has gotten sick from here. Mhm.
I mean I know people just virtually that have you know that have been diagnosed with it but I don't know anybody like you know in Oregon.
How many?
Yeah. It would seem like the third wave to me too. They say this seems to be bigger than the first two so we shall see.
If it
stays in the great I really it sounds like Joe wants to shut down for 4-6 weeks is what it sounds like. So it may very well happen if things keep going like they are that ain't gonna be good. That ain't gonna be.
Yeah and that's the big fear really. I mean we can't just keep shutting down for you know perpetually forever. We just can't do.
like we've reached 25 minutes
you make
it is really easy. Thank you.
Thank you for showing up
you
too.