Hello?
okay.
Right sorry I forgot that my microphone is not working and I
have to put on headphones with a microphone but
can you hear me now?
Great. You couldn't hear me before? Right
Yeah
I wanted
to. I mean it would be awesome if my microphone and started working again all of a sudden
but not
something I expect.
I have. I've done a couple of you.
wow you've
had bad luck.
Well sorry to disappoint.
That's really annoying. I think I think this is my 6th Successful one and I think I've had neither had one or two where where the other person haven't shown up but it's mostly been pretty pretty straightforward for me to get.
Yeah I don't know I guess maybe it's just different times
of day who knows? I don't know how they pair people either. Like if it
at the last second.
Last
round
this last round for me I filled out the survey and they scheduled me for like 16 hours later, which I felt like, Oh, good thing. I saw that email. That was a pretty quick quick turnaround because for me, at least the prolific emails, I use gmail, so the perfect prolific emails end up in one of the different tabs and it can get
to be
so much email. Yeah,
but I don't, sometimes I just, you know, you have so many like you get an email for every single time you get a survey response approved. So sometimes I just like,
yeah, I don't even actually look at the prolific emails, just like great, sweet. So
twitter.
I am Lauren. I live in colorado, but I just moved here from Oregon.
I was in Eugene.
What?
So yeah, Ashland now some
Okay. Oh, cool. I am, I spent a lot of time down over in that area. In the like the cave junction area.
It's an interesting area. I I was doing my masters and then my PhD at you and for my masters we did a lot of field work down there and like that. What is it called? The rough and ready botanic wayside with all the pitcher plants. You know those things? There's, there's a lot of really cool stuff down there?
Well, I didn't know that history about it. Cool.
Sugar. Well,
and we had a field site um, at the Siskiyou Field Institute right next
to $8 mountain, which I don't know how true it is. But the story we were always told was that it was like, it would take That you would wear out an $8 pair of boots or something like that walking around the mountain,
there's
something about wearing out boots and the cost of boots to
walk around the mountain.
That would make more sense. I don't know why the boots thing was
in there,
which
is kind
of amazing. That can.
Sure. So you're a recent transplant to southern Oregon.
Okay, cool. That applicant Valley area is interesting.
Well,
I just remember one of my advisers had spent a lot of time down there over his career and he was talking about how you go and talk to landowners. And he would have a lot of people who were married couples that were like a super stereotypical hippie married to a very conservative, um, like conservative Republican, like pro gun type person. So people that you think are not going to have a lot in common
end up married to each other in that part of the country.
Just
just
yeah, Oregon is a funny state actually, in a lot of ways, I really miss it a lot. I lived there for six years and it's, I really love it there, but it's also a really funny state.
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. That was a weird thing to get used to for me. Are you from Oregon originally?
Oh, got it. And then that must not be how you ended up in santa clara though or there used to be some
sort
of military
facility and
yep. I've been through there many times. The reason I moved back here or moved here in the first place was because my boyfriend moved, this is where he grew up and he moved back here when he finished stump stuff in Corvallis. So, you know, Eugene Corvallis goes right through a junction city.
I did, yeah. For grad school, that is not where I did my
undergrad, but I was there for six years, so I was there longer than anywhere else. I've been for school.
Um I did environmental studies in geography.
Um For the environmental studies stuff, I studied um prairies and how they're responding to climate change, um looking at some specific species of flowers and um It was, yeah, Masters, you don't have very long to collect data. So it was a pretty short study, but we looked at how things like the number of flowers and like how big a plant was and stuff like that correlated with things like um like soil nutrients and temperature, long term temperature trends and stuff like that. Um And then for the geography stuff, I studied
fire in Southeast Asia, so pretty different things. But yeah,
but I'll still at you. Oh, and yeah, lots of overlap actually. To in terms of my advisors and stuff like people interacted with,
but to totally separate big projects.
Oh, cool. What did she do?
Two.
Nice. There's a lot of them there. So I bet that was a lot of work. Big job.
Yeah. So you didn't go to you? Oh, though.
I didn't know that.
Cool.
Right. Well, yeah, I found that kind of funny moving there because I grew up in Minnesota, pretty much on a college campus, like half a block away from it. But it wasn't like in Eugene every other car, maybe even more than that has a duck sticker
on the back and like everybody.
Yeah. Yeah. And that took a little bit of getting used to for me, like how connected everybody in Eugene is to you whether or not they're actually formally connected to the university.
Sure. Yeah, that makes sense. I knew a football fan. Yeah,
that makes
Oh, wow. Yeah. I mean often is huge too. I think even if you didn't have it in your head, like emotionally, it's just such a physically large stadium, like you can fit a lot of small towns or not.
Yeah. Yeah, I went to two I think. And yeah, they were experience is definitely,
Yeah, all that tailgating and everything.
Yeah. That would be tough to be around if you're trying to avoid
something.
Sure. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. Yeah. I mean, because even though I was a grad student, they still put us in the student section for tickets and that is definitely full of a lot of drunken sloppy people. So sometimes it was born from than others, kind of depends on how people are behaving, I guess, how, how good it is to be around that.
Yeah, it's something I didn't take advantage of enough just because it is such a kind of difficult experience to get once you're like, it's really, really easy for grad students to get tickets because they're free for all students, but undergrads. Well, technically everybody, there's a lottery to get tickets, but um, with undergrads, there's so many people that want to go, it's really a true lottery, but with grad students, because there's not that many people who want to go and there's a lot more tickets allocated for the grad students, you pretty much can go whenever you want, as long as you just remember to get your ticket on, I think it's like the sunday night before, mm so you're going for free and it's pretty easy and that's uh
yeah, I didn't
take enough
advantage
of it.
Exactly. So yeah but I guess it depends on what kind of experience you want whether or not that feels worth it. Yeah. So what took you down to southern Oregon?
To get
out of there. Sure that makes sense.
Well
yeah no it's important to take yourself away from those situations,
you can
recognize that. Great.
How
did you guys fair down there with the fires? Were you close at all to any of them?
No I don't
Yeah I mean the whole state it sounds like it
was it was amazing how much was going on simultaneously. But it was also yeah I have it was an interesting experience for me like that entire week. I was like constantly refreshing the news and all sorts of stuff like that because I'm still really emotionally connected to Oregon and yeah like new people who were evacuated in that holiday farm fire and all sorts of stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah.
Turn right into town. Yeah.
Yeah, it's a funny time you just can't look away and yeah, like I Even since then um I you know, people posted videos of like driving out 126 away from the fire like in the middle of the night with flames on every side of them. And um I listened to a podcast for the people who got stuck at Detroit the reservoir there. Uh you know like they thought they were going to have to make a last stand there and then they were somehow able to find them an evacuation route through like crazy forest roads up north like. And just even thinking about it now, it makes me really almost like tear up just thinking about it. It's really it really emotional about it and then we had huge fires in colorado like a month ago and like towns burning and stuff like that and I really didn't.
Yeah, it's not been it wasn't as much as in Oregon but Rocky Mountain National Park got a lot of fire damage this year and there was a fire I think it's still burning. Um But we
got
snowstorm last week and then another one a couple weeks ago that have really helped, but it was burning right up against Fort Collins which is a big city. So from Fort Collins probably similar in size to Portland because Fort Collins down to Colorado Springs is nearly a continuous
natural area at this point going through Fort Collins Denver and all the the things around it and then down to Colorado Springs. But yeah, there's two big fires that burned huge amounts of the park and the one on the west side kind of behave similar similarly to the ones in Oregon where like, especially the Beachy Creek fire by Salem where the fire had been burning and
then there was just one day where it really blew up. Like that fire Grew 100,000 acres in 24 hours. Yeah, and that was when it was the town of Granby. A lot of people
in dry. Yeah, I think more than anything it was dry and then, yeah, a little bit windy and it was actually, because I'm in the Denver area in one of the small days on the west side of Denver, right up against the foothills and on the day that happened, there were actually a bunch of fires that popped up
in those couple of days and you could just see these huge plumes of smoke coming out. It was really kind of fascinating to watch to just see this huge plume of smoke coming up and blowing east across Boulder and across the plain. Yeah, that
Yeah,
because
I had horrible air quality for a really long time.
It probably did unfortunately. That really small particulate matter is really awful for the lungs.
And
six.
Oh yeah, I'm sure. And so few people in Oregon have air conditioning, so there was really nowhere for people to go to get away from the smoke.
That's good. Yeah, like the house that I was in an organ because I moved away in july, that house gets hot because and it doesn't have air conditioning, but it doesn't even have screens. So I would have just been like in a house where the air quality wasn't that much better than outside, and it would have been like horribly sweltering in there. But yeah, I think I'm glad that the air quality has improved because that was really, really awful, like literally off the charts of what they have studied.
Yeah. Like quality is worse than Beijing or Dubai and its worst
days
and stuff like that. Yeah, that's not the kind of thing you want to be in the news for famous for.
But I think uh it was really fortunate that across all of those fires there were so few fatalities, wasn't it? It was like less than 25 across the entire state in that whole like week or two of crazy fire.
That was up by the enchanted forest I think.
In Salem? I think so. Yeah. I just I read a whole article
about it, it was very sad.
I think
that's.
never went. Have you been
Of course. Yeah, it looks fun. I
just never
to playing going there
in the first case. So there's
all sorts
of, all sorts of sentimental memories there.
maybe somebody will buy it and bring it back because no.
Oh yeah. So I think so many
people who grew up in Oregon, it's really a
a place of nostalgia from their childhood. Yeah.
Right. Right. Well, and I actually, I saw some pictures from um from there. I think it was one of my friends, she, her mom was having surgery so they were just kind of killing time not being changed for us. And it was like the first day of those fires and pictures she posted were so apocalyptic because it was so smoky and it just made it look so eerie because it's already kind of any a strange looking place if you haven't been there and then to see it was just like smoke and everything was red and all
sorts
of stuff like that.
Did you at least get some good sunsets or was it so smoky that you couldn't even see that?
that's the one good thing about smoke corner set.
Either one of those. Yeah.
Oh yeah, I can hear about that because you know like California also had crazy fires. I heard about people, people who were in downtown san Francisco saying the street lights were on because it was so dark at midday.
Yeah. I don't know how often that happened because um I don't know how often the wind blow. I mean I guess it's the same as what happened with everywhere in the Willamette Valley and further south. Like the wind was blowing from the east which is not normal. Um I imagine it's probably similar in san Francisco because you know the san Francisco is right on the coast, so I don't know how often they get smoke from fires that are inland
in that way.
Yeah.
But
the whole west coast was burning and meanwhile we've got hurricanes on the east Coast and everything is flooding. Yeah.
Oh that's good, I mean it just feels like there's been so many big things like that going on and I can't
even keep track of it,
totally.
I think a lot of people are going to be in a similar boat just like really wanting to celebrate 2020 being over.
it's uh it's been a rough year and it's going to be interesting to see what happens in the next few months. There's a lot of, I think there's a lot more potential for things to be bad unfortunately, like covid case rates are
really, really ticking up here in colorado. I think we're pretty
close to near capacity in our hospitals. I've heard, I think like Idaho is at capacity.
You know, it's hard to know what governments are going to do, but I've heard a lot of people speculating saying they probably won't do a full shutdown again just because it's not really viable politically, but they've already like All bars and restaurants are closing at 10 And it might even get earlier now because rates are continuing to rise. Restaurant capacities cut to 25%. Uh
indoor gatherings can't be more than 25 people or whatever they calculate your space can handle. Outdoor gatherings can't be more than 75 and I think these things will probably get even more lower and lower numbers because things are just go up.
So
18 are pretty big. Big percentage of the population.
Sure. Yeah. I mean it seems like on the whole Oregon has been doing okay though. It's been doing a lot better than a lot of other parts of the country.
Yeah. So I've had that was my experience to until about like two weeks ago when all of a sudden people that I know like my family back in Minnesota um my grandmother had it and my sister thought she had it but then just found out she didn't and then um I do know now people I know here in the Denver area are starting to get it to having gone all the way through March until now and not having anybody. I directly, no well having gotten it and now that is all of them really changed,
right? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah, like I've heard about like friends of friends and stuff like that and yeah. But
it's just interesting how we have been in the second way. This is the third wave now seems to be the third wave is really what is hitting me personally?
Yeah. I think we're have seen more cases every day than we have at any point yet so far on the nationwide level.
So.
Yeah. Oh yeah. That's an interesting question because I I just don't know, you know, it gets to be kind of like a a states rights question. I don't know if like even if he does do an order, I feel like so many states just wouldn't follow through with it say that it's not enforceable or doesn't apply or something like that. So it just makes me wonder if you even try. I know he's talking about doing a national mask mandates, which has the same issues, but is at least less, uh, potentially economically damaging.
So a lot of you're doing it again. So I don't know. It's been hard to keep track of things there though because I feel like the media has just been so consumed with our own news, which makes sense because it's been crazy, but it's been a lot harder to keep track of what's going on in the rest of the world right now than it is normally. And it's already like, it takes some effort to keep track of global news as it is. So right now it's it's particularly difficult. Yeah.
Oh, you are correct.
well,
good. I'm glad that I'm glad that you didn't get stood up this time.
All right, nice chatting with you.
Have a lovely evening.