SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Leave. Mhm. What? Mhm. Two. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. True victim. Mhm, mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. Mhm mm. Uh huh. Mhm Oh what?
SPEAKER_R: Hello, Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah, hang on a sec. Sorry? Hi. Um Sorry, I'm in the dark here. I didn't have time to make it home. So I uh
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: that's what I used
SPEAKER_R: worries,
SPEAKER_L: to the car.
SPEAKER_R: no worries at all sorry sorry, it's a little late. Were granted it along?
SPEAKER_L: It's fine. I just I've done like two of these recently were known as shown up and that's really annoying. So I'm really glad you showed up.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think this is I want to say this is my third one, like I know they've had like several iterations of this and so this is my third across all and I've been lucky like I had I think two people, excuse me, this is my fourth one, so two people showed up, one person didn't um and I get you like that was that was frustrating
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, I've done, I did I think um
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: mhm. Um four of them in the first round and every with no problem at all and like every single person showed up, it didn't even, maybe the first time I thought I would feel show and then I never thought about it again because everyone showed up and then the less than I did then you're the second one I've done of this round. But I've done for, you know, which is really it's just really annoying.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah yeah yeah and also like I wonder what so so I think the companies like better up Right, the one that hosts this is cole
SPEAKER_L: I don't know anything about them, Do you?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I grew up with them and it's like social research or something but I can't figure out like what they're trying to do with our conversations.
SPEAKER_L: I know. Can you imagine if they're like recording these and watching them? How outrageously boring.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I agree with that.
SPEAKER_L: not apartment being the poor research of having to watch these random conversations between two random people over and over and over again. Oh my God.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Like inside glimpse into like 1000 people's lives.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God, it sounds so boring because it's not like you're like if you were having if it was to have a conversation with someone you knew and it could be an intimate conversation, then it seems like it would be a lot more interesting. But then I guess you would probably agree to do it. So,
SPEAKER_R: Right, that's true, that's true, mm
SPEAKER_L: how's your day?
SPEAKER_R: It's good, it's our books by the way, I was thinking of going um yeah, it's good. Uh
SPEAKER_L: Mom,
SPEAKER_R: was not too busy, it was just like a lot of well let me put it this way, it was a lot of busywork, so not a lot of like, like mental um where and like, you know, once, once a week, that's like the good type of day or you just don't have to think how about Yeah
SPEAKER_L: It was okay. Just not just some a lot of running around and I'm trying to see I have these texts. My sister uh, donated her kidney today. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: wow,
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm using for her. I hope I hope she's doing okay, Like,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: the recovery.
SPEAKER_L: well, that's what we're just that's what all the texture about anymore. Because we around, like, I think almost, I think, like, 54 or five hours ago, we heard that, that she was in recovery, but nothing since. But I guess that means it's good, everything's fine. So, yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: let's get you married. And if you don't mind me asking like, what was like the procedure, like, because I like my understanding is when you donate a kidney, you've got to do like, all these tests to make sure that the kidney matches or something.
SPEAKER_L: Well, she didn't do, she did a non targeted donation, so it doesn't happen. So, that's what she was really hoping to. Have. You heard of a chain kidney,
SPEAKER_R: I have,
SPEAKER_L: a kidney donation chain? That's what she wanted to do. That's what's really cool is that someone, let's say I need a kidney and let's say I have a spouse or a brother or who knows what, who's willing to give me a kidney, but it doesn't match. Then that sort of goes in a pool. And as soon as you get one donor, like my sister and none who's just donating a kidney randomly to anyone. They
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: somehow, they do, they make they create a chain and they keep matching them up so they use all the kidneys. So that one donation that doesn't match. So somehow, you know, the me who started, let's say, let's say I was the head of First Need and I had a donor, but he did his donation didn't match mine somewhere along the way. They find when it matches me, but there's a whole chain of people that get them along the way. So there's a whole bunch
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: of people like me who had, like, you know, random me who has someone to donate one, but it isn't the right one. And they coordinate it all up to get every person, you know, I think they can be up to, like, I want to say 10 people, like, it could be a lot of people that end up getting a kidney from one random donation. Because, you know, if I just have someone is willing to donate a kidney, I mean, it doesn't work then we're done unless someone else Brexit's change, but that's what she was hoping to do. And she started, like, the process of all the, you know, all the medical tests and all the paperwork and all of that, I think over a year ago. Um, I mean,
SPEAKER_R: that's her on
SPEAKER_L: I'm in
SPEAKER_R: trust
SPEAKER_L: a big hurry about it. And she, and there was Covid and like, I think she was, she was hoping to do it last summer and she started it probably the fall before that she was talking to this past summer and she started probably let you know, like a year ago or something. Um But um when it up so and but you know, she lost a bunch of months like that. They were also they weren't doing any procedures like this for several months. Um
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: And she was worried this week that they were gonna she's in Chicago and there's really really bad there and she was really worried that they were going to like shut it down like she was waiting for her date. Um But what ended up happening because of covid and because of, you know, and she had to schedule it at a time that works for her obviously to um Because of that it's not it's not a chain, it's just she's donating it to one person who she doesn't know. Um And the other really crazy thing that happened was so she did that she was supposed to do this last week and she went in, she was like, went through pre op, she was like on the table and the person who was supposed to get the kidney was a Jehovah's witness. You know, you can imagine like if you need a kidney, like you've gone through like years probably of people asking you every possible question, but somehow they made a mistake and they missed it. She was a Jehovah's witness and she did not agree to have a transfusion. So my sister was literally already like under the light anesthesia and they sent her home and then she had to decide if she was gonna like, do this again now or which, you know, ended up, she ended up losing a week and she, you know, she had scheduled her time at work to be out and all of that. Um, or she could have like, she could have waited until after Covid and possibly done it in the sort of a chain like she had wanted, but then she would have had to retest, You know, all that stuff would have had to be redone and, you know, she's saving someone's life. Like, that's an incredible thing. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. No, absolutely, it's really cool to care. Yeah, I'll admit it's probably not something all over do just because, like, for me, the thought, like, you know, losing a kidney is kind of scary, but cross
SPEAKER_L: lot
SPEAKER_R: of the guys.
SPEAKER_L: of, I don't think most people do it. I never did it. Um, but it's funny because she she listened to this. I know why she started thinking about it and I did it. There was this podcast a few years ago and it was someone telling the story. I think it was both sides. It was the person who received the kidney and the person who donated the kidney. Um, and it was like a long series something. And it made it sound like this amazing thing that you should do. And when I listened to it, I thought about donating one too. But I didn't go, I did like five minutes of research on the web and I was done. We like thought about it for a couple years and it's really, it's incredible. It's incredible. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. You think, okay, sorry, you're going,
SPEAKER_L: No, no, go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna say you said your sister was in Chicago, right, subject. Okay. I was gonna I was gonna say, I study in Chicago, like, I'm not there right now, but I go to school in Chicago,
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: so, uh, yeah, it's pretty bad up there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like I've just been watching just in the last like week. I live in massachusetts and uh, and I look every day at the numbers and the death numbers, Illinois was behind us by like 1000 people or something for months, for months and months and months. And I kept like, you know, just watching it because I just whatever, I'm just watching it. And then all of a sudden like, I think it's not that long ago, maybe a week or 10 days ago, they passed us and now every day they're like, now there are 1000 ahead of us, like it really switched very quickly.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, yeah, no, definitely. It's um, it's crazy. I think so. I mean, I'm in California, I feel like California certainly got its fair share of spikes and trials, but I feel like, relative to, like, Illinois, like you're saying it's much flatter, like we're still doing bad. It's just not like this, like, you know, wrap it up and
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: down up and down.
SPEAKER_L: well, I think Illinois was kind of flat for a like rose and then it was kind of flat for a really long time and I was like this, I mean everywhere is doing this, but doing that. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So it's unfortunate. Lots of plans went through the door, went out the door.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. Um anyway, we had a little scare this week. My daughter um is a rock climber and she's really into it and she climbs in a gym and you know, she stopped, the gym was closed and she stopped for a while, but jim's been back open for a long time and you know, they all wear masks and it has a huge building that has huge ceilings and whatever, we don't really worry about it that much. Um
SPEAKER_R: I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: but we found out that someone in the gym that she was near tested positive Yeah
SPEAKER_R: That's always scary feeling.
SPEAKER_L: you know it was a kid's team and they were all everyone was freaking out blah blah blah and we got her test and she's fine but it was you know a little bit of adrenaline,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh yeah. I'm, I'm waiting for the vaccine. I'm looking forward to when it comes up.
SPEAKER_L: good luck, good waiting. I mean it's you know it's think great things are happening even like this week but I still think it's going to be a really long time till it gets to most people
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, I completely agree. Like, I don't know if you saw like they have this distribution plan or whatnot.
SPEAKER_L: clean.
SPEAKER_R: Um, I mean, it makes sense. Like, you know, first responders that elegantly obviously, you know, most at risk, they should probably get it first. I think they phased it. So it's like, um, you know, like essential workers. So the guys in the grocery stores who have the most contact, they're going to get it next. And like, I don't know, I took a I took a look at it and it it made sense logically, but you're right, like it'll take some time. Um Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm just
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: thinking
SPEAKER_R: they will.
SPEAKER_L: we're talking like if we have I'm I don't know I think will be really it will be good if we have some semblance of normal life by next summer. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: I hope so.
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's a long time. It's probably warmer where you are. So it's not you know it's it's like today it's really cold here and it's just hard to think about how to still
SPEAKER_R: Is it
SPEAKER_L: winter, you know, it's Say it again?
SPEAKER_R: is it snowing in massachusetts?
SPEAKER_L: No, but it's snowed once. Like It's not like 5" or something before Halloween was ridiculous. Um it's totally bizarre. Like it will be really cold one like I think is going to be 60 tomorrow, but today it's like 20 and it feels and even yesterday was even colder. It feels really cold. And so it's just like how are we supposed to, you know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't
SPEAKER_L: managing
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: side.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't know how you guys do it. Like, like one of the reasons I went to school in Chicago was, you know, to get a change of atmosphere and climate first winter there, I think we had like really like, you know, negative thirties, like that sort of thing are, and I was just like, yeah, four years, four years of this and I'm out like african College, I've done heading back to the, heading back to California, what my figure, I think The lowest it's gotten so far is like maybe 40° at that maybe. And that felt cold for me, so.
SPEAKER_L: Well here when it's warm and then it gets the 40, it feels cold too. But But I mean now it's like 30 and it feels really, really cool. But yeah, it'll be like, you know, zero negative whatever. So you're in Chicago, got sent home, you're doing online classes because of Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So we have um I mean, I guess it's sort of hybrid, so most of the clauses are online, there's a couple slug classes where you can still go on campus. Um But I think one of the good things that my school does is they have like this this randomized testing essentially. Where are the guys who are on campus? You know, a random few of them get tested just to see if the positivity rate is um is
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that a proportion and so forth? And Okay. So.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think all the anywhere that's doing regular testing like that is doing just fine because you can control it, even if even if you see a spike you can get it under control, but we're not, we don't have random testing for regular people. So actually here I just read today that some schools in massachusetts are going to, starting in december are going to start doing that. Um not just colleges, but actually elementary schools because of that, you know the FDA approved rapid test this week. So I think it's still not going to be what you're talking about. It's going to be like if you come to school and you have symptoms, it can give you the rapid nist and decide if you need to go home and get a real time pcr test. But that's still much harder than we have now. Um You know, like I there was some random, my kids are hybrid in school, my daughter's in high school and she whatever she didn't and today she's supposed to go to school and she we let her not go into the building for various reasons. And so I called the school and I didn't give them a reason cause I just didn't need to get into it with them. And I got a call back in like an hour later from the nurse. Like you didn't give a reason, Is she sick? She's not sick. Yeah, they're so paranoid and I feel so bad. Like what a job you have to call every kid who doesn't come to school like ridiculous. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I I don't blame them though, like it must, it must suck, but like I I think they're doing it for the best.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well so they, so the school was closed for two weeks. They were they were getting to be a bunch of cases so they shut the corn, they shut down the school for two weeks and they started back like just under a week ago. And so I think my kids, my kids don't go on friday, but I started back on friday and then on my kids go on monday, monday night, there was already another case. So they were in school
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: friday and monday. And by monday night we got important of a case question.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The greatest
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: thing. So how does hybrid learning, like at at your daughter's high school work? Is that more like you go in every other day or it's like these classes are online?
SPEAKER_L: You know, you go in a couple days ago in two days a week. Um, but what's ridiculous is that everything's online anyway? So on the days that you're in class, you're in class on zoom and you're, the other half of your classroom is at home on soon. It's just so you're more, it's ridiculous than some of the teachers are full remote. So you could be sitting in the classroom in person and the teacher is on the screen and you're in the classroom. It's just ridiculous. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And do like do kids have to go in or it's it's more
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: an optional?
SPEAKER_L: you can choose, it's no, it's clearly not optional. That's why I got a call, but you can choose to have your kids to be full remote. I could have chosen that, uh, that I didn't think that was the right, the best decision for them. But like, I, like, I think more and more people are, like, I have a friend who just pulled her daughter, um, got too worried as the cases are increasing and so her daughter went from hybrids to remote. Um, I just feel like it's really hard to have a son who's in middle school and he has a hard time focusing anyway. So for him to sit all day at home in front of the screen, it's just, you know, those those days are at least half lost. So if he's
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: in the building two of those days and he's much happier, he sees his friends, he's engaged. Um You know, if I had an elderly person at home and I was worried about or something, I wouldn't be doing that, but but I think it's much better for them and for my daughter to although she says that's whatever there was a reason she could she stayed home to that sort of made sense. Um That's why I agreed to it, but she says that there's no social interaction anyway because they're like, you know, they've all got mass on there, like controlling every step they take. Like they have one way hallways in the high school, so in order something, you're going from class that's here to class, that's here and you have to go around and upstairs and downs, it's like ridiculous. And they can only go to the bathroom at certain times one of the time. And you know, they really don't get hardly ever to talk to them to see anyone or to talk and lunches in the classroom like silent and like it's pretty ridiculous. So you know,
SPEAKER_R: that's cool.
SPEAKER_L: not like she's getting a lot of social interaction, but I feel like at least it's something that she's seeing other people, it's a little bit structured whatever and she takes uh ceramics class, so she's in the building, she can go and do ceramics in the, you know, real ceramics as opposed to like doing it at home with some like plasticine macgyver,
SPEAKER_R: urgently.
SPEAKER_L: absurd.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but I think that makes a lot of sense. I am one of the classes I'm taking is like a general physics, you know, to fulfill the requirements and they're making us because I'm remote um they're making us do these like remote labs, which don't make any sense because like physics the whole point if you want these experiments to be precise. So you can say like, hey, these formulas actually work, but they're like instead of like, you know, having us do them in the lab, it's more like, hey, you have to build this piece of equipment yourself right out of like paper or whatever you have at home and it is completely out of whack. Like they don't make sense. The formulas don't work. They're just teaching us like 1000 ways. It doesn't work. Um You know, I have fought them for the effort, but it just feels like a lot of work. It's unnecessary.
SPEAKER_L: Well it's funny because my daughter had physics last year, obviously not a high school level, but you know school was cut off in the middle of the year and I think she did have some stuff like that where there were some labs she was supposed to do at home that were just like absurd and this year she's taking kem and there are no labs which is actually awful. Like I feel like there should be some way to have some sort of virtual labs because she's like a hands on learner and it's really hard to learn came just from words like you know like
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: I remember
SPEAKER_R: thanks.
SPEAKER_L: like blowing things up in the cattle app like you know.
SPEAKER_R: In a room and a coke. Let's be feeding.
SPEAKER_L: Um I sort of wish her teacher would like I don't know he's the most uncreative person you can imagine but I wish that he would even do some of those stupid labs would be I don't know, a little bit better because it's I don't know it's just impossible. I don't know how and my nephew is learning biology. How do you learn biology with no labs? That's absurd. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I remember my high school biology. Everyone the labs are fun. The dissection.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's just ridiculous, it's all ridiculous.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, I guess you you make do with what you bring.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's just kind of a last year for everyone, right Like it is what it is. No
SPEAKER_R: Any thanksgiving plans?
SPEAKER_L: I don't think so, we don't have any local family. Um Normally we would travel to see my family. Um um That's we're not gonna do that. So the only my daughter was supposed to go on a climbing trip and she was I kept saying I don't think it's going to happen, I don't think it's going to happen, but I was waiting to see and I just got cancelled and she's really upset they were going to go climb in west Virginia. Um I didn't think it was ever going to happen, but but anyway, no the only exciting thing we did was that someone told us about this great restaurant that has that's creating these great, I'm actually usually a cook and I get kind of into it, but this year I'm just not into it anyway, so anyway, so we're getting a like a catered like a box from this really cool restaurant that we like, so we're excited about that, that's about the only excitement. What about you?
SPEAKER_R: That sounds really good. Yeah. For for us at the same thing, like just family, you know, like, like immediate family. Um I think the idea the plan is for us to cook because my brother and I are both home like we're both in college and we're both home. Um So we're going to give a shot at cooking, chances are it's not going to turn out well, but like you know, we're to try.
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna want to do
SPEAKER_R: What's up?
SPEAKER_L: you have nothing else to do? Right? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. Um That's it. So my mom doesn't trust us to cook the hand so she's making sure to buy that one for everything.
SPEAKER_L: One that's it. I mean if it's you guys could probably have like outdoor meals you can go
SPEAKER_R: We uh
SPEAKER_L: and have, you know,
SPEAKER_R: the problem for us like we have a we have a backyard so it makes sense. The problem is just sometimes there's like mosquitoes and flies um So that gets annoying if it's like too late at night, but it's definitely a possibility.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah, we've had some people over like by the fire pit, that sort of thing. Um It's been fun but I don't know, I'm sure you'll be fine but it feels right now. I'm like it's too cold for that. I'm sure it's not your by the fire, you're pretty warm. True. Anyway, so your parents must be happy to have you home.
SPEAKER_R: Um I would say, I mean I hope so, let's put it out and I certainly hope so. They haven't like complained about anything yet which is good. Um
SPEAKER_L: And you've been home since like March.
SPEAKER_R: I have
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: I have so
SPEAKER_L: name's not complaint.
SPEAKER_R: yeah no no so
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: my parents are actually like biologists right? Um And so like they kind of I think understands like the virus a little bit better than most people and so I think they're really concerned. I mean obviously you should be concerned but like they understand why to be concerned. Um And for them they just thought it was probably the best for both of us to stay home.
SPEAKER_L: Because both of you
SPEAKER_R: he's
SPEAKER_L: could have, you had the option of going back.
SPEAKER_R: I could because I was off campus so like if I went back my classes with your help but it would just be to see friends. Um Yeah like I think just given what they saw it was definitely one of those like hey just err on the safe side of things, that sort of thing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean, I know a lot of kids in college who are, who are in college and sort of surprises me actually because yeah, for the most part, their classes are remote so they're there to see their friends. But I don't know if you're, if they're seeing their friends in any sort of normal way, then there's all sorts of unsafe stuff going on and probably upgrades and if they're not, that doesn't really seem like much fun.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly exactly and I think with like cold areas like Chicago specifically right? Like everyone's indoors which is exactly what you shouldn't be doing. Yeah so yeah that sort of thing happens yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm
SPEAKER_R: Oh oh unfortunate I was I was supposed to study abroad in paris in March. Um
SPEAKER_L: Sorry, That's awful.
SPEAKER_R: I know it was it was pretty unfortunate because In the standard like I want to say 48 weeks we went from hey we're going to Paris next quarter to hey paris is cancelled, you're staying to shock Chicago to hey Chicago's cancelled, you're going back home. Uh It was dad and it was my birthday weeks of definitely work.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah, it all right back in March, everything happened really, really fast.
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: Um, yeah, we were supposed to have my son's bar mitzvah. It was like
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: the second it was just the March 20 something, so like, right at the beginning. And like one day we went to the synagogue and my son had a meeting as part of the process. He was supposed to be meeting with the rabbi. And um and I went with him to the meeting, which would be his meeting. And I went to and I said, you know what's going to happen if things shut down. Like I had started thinking about that a couple days before, but everyone I said, and he was like, oh, come on, you're crazy. And I went in on this like a Wednesday afternoon and I said, what will happen if things shut down? And we had talked the whole thing through, we talked about options, we didn't really think was gonna happen. We talked it through like, seriously. And then like that evening I got a call and it was my choice and that evening I got a call and I I think I said something today, like we had people coming from out of town and stuff. So I said like a couple days before I send something out saying, don't worry, we're taking precautions, we'll have plenty of sanitizer, we're doing this, this and this. And then that night I got a call from like the head of some committee of the synagogue saying we're closing the synagogue. And then I had whatever, but that was all in the space of like one day, like from thinking, oh, we would have to close to everything shut down. And like by, you know, that was like, so that was like a thursday or something, sorry. Um and
SPEAKER_R: What gives?
SPEAKER_L: by friday everything was shut down, like it happened so fast. It was so crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah your time. Is he able to like are you able to postpone the bar mitzvahed?
SPEAKER_L: We'll have it, he's going to have it this March because only by a year will most likely be on zoom anyway, I'm sure it will be answered um mm which is not nearly the same thing and right, you know I spent I lost a bunch of money to
SPEAKER_R: It's yeah
SPEAKER_L: A week or something, you know we had already done like you know, he's like a 13 year old boy like right like he he's really tall so like we bought him like a brand new suit and had a tailored and I can tell you there's no way that's just even I don't even think I think they want to start over like he's like round more inches or something once, like a couple of months ago we put on we're doing something with some others and I think one of his friends is having a bar mitzvah and zoom and he put on like a button down shirt that we bought him for his room. It's like up to here, it was like three
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: months
SPEAKER_R: work.
SPEAKER_L: and we bought it. I felt like God. So yeah I think a new suit will be in on order. Um I guess it's on zoom. Maybe you won't be able to tell if the pants are too short you just wear it anyway.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, no. Hey, that's definitely a possibility. That's what they do with the graduation photos. Like they don't give you a real suit. They'll just put like a, like, just the front part
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: you go.
SPEAKER_R: it looks like you're bringing.
SPEAKER_L: I just need you just need the jacket to fit and even be too short short. No one really noticed. There you go. We can get use out of it. So do you know what time we started? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: So I think I hopped on at like 206. I, I think we're okay. Um, I think it's been 25 minutes. Yeah. Two
SPEAKER_L: I think we're good.
SPEAKER_R: I think so.
SPEAKER_L: All right. It was a very nice chatting with you.
SPEAKER_R: Great you to all the best to your sister.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you and have a good thanksgiving.
SPEAKER_R: Thanks you too.
SPEAKER_L: Bye.