Hello, Can you hear me?
No
worries,
no worries at all sorry sorry, it's a little late. Were granted it along?
Yeah, I think this is I want to say this is my third one, like I know they've had like several iterations of this and so this is my third across all and I've been lucky like I had I think two people, excuse me, this is my fourth one, so two people showed up, one person didn't um and I get you like that was that was frustrating
well
Yeah yeah yeah and also like I wonder what so so I think the companies like better up Right, the one that hosts this is cole
yeah, I grew up with them and it's like social research or something but I can't figure out like what they're trying to do with our conversations.
Yeah, I agree with that.
Mhm. Like inside glimpse into like 1000 people's lives.
Right, that's true, that's true, mm
It's good, it's our books by the way, I was thinking of going um yeah, it's good. Uh
was not too busy, it was just like a lot of well let me put it this way, it was a lot of busywork, so not a lot of like, like mental um where and like, you know, once, once a week, that's like the good type of day or you just don't have to think how about Yeah
wow,
I'm using for her. I hope I hope she's doing okay, Like,
the recovery.
let's get you married. And if you don't mind me asking like, what was like the procedure, like, because I like my understanding is when you donate a kidney, you've got to do like, all these tests to make sure that the kidney matches or something.
I have,
we're
and
that's her on
trust
And
definitely. No, absolutely, it's really cool to care. Yeah, I'll admit it's probably not something all over do just because, like, for me, the thought, like, you know, losing a kidney is kind of scary, but cross
of the guys.
definitely. You think, okay, sorry, you're going,
I was gonna say you said your sister was in Chicago, right, subject. Okay. I was gonna I was gonna say, I study in Chicago, like, I'm not there right now, but I go to school in Chicago,
so, uh, yeah, it's pretty bad up there.
Oh, yeah, no, definitely. It's um, it's crazy. I think so. I mean, I'm in California, I feel like California certainly got its fair share of spikes and trials, but I feel like, relative to, like, Illinois, like you're saying it's much flatter, like we're still doing bad. It's just not like this, like, you know, wrap it up and
down up and down.
So it's unfortunate. Lots of plans went through the door, went out the door.
I don't know.
That's always scary feeling.
Yeah. Oh yeah. I'm, I'm waiting for the vaccine. I'm looking forward to when it comes up.
Oh no, I completely agree. Like, I don't know if you saw like they have this distribution plan or whatnot.
Um, I mean, it makes sense. Like, you know, first responders that elegantly obviously, you know, most at risk, they should probably get it first. I think they phased it. So it's like, um, you know, like essential workers. So the guys in the grocery stores who have the most contact, they're going to get it next. And like, I don't know, I took a I took a look at it and it it made sense logically, but you're right, like it'll take some time. Um Yeah,
and
they will.
I hope so.
Is it
is it snowing in massachusetts?
Yeah. I don't
I don't
know.
Yeah, I don't know how you guys do it. Like, like one of the reasons I went to school in Chicago was, you know, to get a change of atmosphere and climate first winter there, I think we had like really like, you know, negative thirties, like that sort of thing are, and I was just like, yeah, four years, four years of this and I'm out like african College, I've done heading back to the, heading back to California, what my figure, I think The lowest it's gotten so far is like maybe 40° at that maybe. And that felt cold for me, so.
Yeah. So we have um I mean, I guess it's sort of hybrid, so most of the clauses are online, there's a couple slug classes where you can still go on campus. Um But I think one of the good things that my school does is they have like this this randomized testing essentially. Where are the guys who are on campus? You know, a random few of them get tested just to see if the positivity rate is um is
that a proportion and so forth? And Okay. So.
Yeah. I I don't blame them though, like it must, it must suck, but like I I think they're doing it for the best.
What?
Yeah. The greatest
thing. So how does hybrid learning, like at at your daughter's high school work? Is that more like you go in every other day or it's like these classes are online?
And do like do kids have to go in or it's it's more
like
an optional?
No.
that's cool.
urgently.
Yeah, but I think that makes a lot of sense. I am one of the classes I'm taking is like a general physics, you know, to fulfill the requirements and they're making us because I'm remote um they're making us do these like remote labs, which don't make any sense because like physics the whole point if you want these experiments to be precise. So you can say like, hey, these formulas actually work, but they're like instead of like, you know, having us do them in the lab, it's more like, hey, you have to build this piece of equipment yourself right out of like paper or whatever you have at home and it is completely out of whack. Like they don't make sense. The formulas don't work. They're just teaching us like 1000 ways. It doesn't work. Um You know, I have fought them for the effort, but it just feels like a lot of work. It's unnecessary.
No
thanks.
In a room and a coke. Let's be feeding.
I remember my high school biology. Everyone the labs are fun. The dissection.
Yeah. Well, I guess you you make do with what you bring.
Any thanksgiving plans?
That sounds really good. Yeah. For for us at the same thing, like just family, you know, like, like immediate family. Um I think the idea the plan is for us to cook because my brother and I are both home like we're both in college and we're both home. Um So we're going to give a shot at cooking, chances are it's not going to turn out well, but like you know, we're to try.
What's up?
exactly. Um That's it. So my mom doesn't trust us to cook the hand so she's making sure to buy that one for everything.
We uh
the problem for us like we have a we have a backyard so it makes sense. The problem is just sometimes there's like mosquitoes and flies um So that gets annoying if it's like too late at night, but it's definitely a possibility.
Um I would say, I mean I hope so, let's put it out and I certainly hope so. They haven't like complained about anything yet which is good. Um
I have
I have so
yeah no no so
my parents are actually like biologists right? Um And so like they kind of I think understands like the virus a little bit better than most people and so I think they're really concerned. I mean obviously you should be concerned but like they understand why to be concerned. Um And for them they just thought it was probably the best for both of us to stay home.
he's
I could because I was off campus so like if I went back my classes with your help but it would just be to see friends. Um Yeah like I think just given what they saw it was definitely one of those like hey just err on the safe side of things, that sort of thing.
Exactly exactly and I think with like cold areas like Chicago specifically right? Like everyone's indoors which is exactly what you shouldn't be doing. Yeah so yeah that sort of thing happens yeah.
Oh oh unfortunate I was I was supposed to study abroad in paris in March. Um
I know it was it was pretty unfortunate because In the standard like I want to say 48 weeks we went from hey we're going to Paris next quarter to hey paris is cancelled, you're staying to shock Chicago to hey Chicago's cancelled, you're going back home. Uh It was dad and it was my birthday weeks of definitely work.
Well
no.
What gives?
Oh yeah your time. Is he able to like are you able to postpone the bar mitzvahed?
It's yeah
Not
work.
Yeah. No, no. Hey, that's definitely a possibility. That's what they do with the graduation photos. Like they don't give you a real suit. They'll just put like a, like, just the front part
on
it looks like you're bringing.
So I think I hopped on at like 206. I, I think we're okay. Um, I think it's been 25 minutes. Yeah. Two
I think so.
Great you to all the best to your sister.
Thanks you too.