Hi. Yeah,
I'm good. How are you?
really? It's eight for me, so it's not too late. Oh,
Yeah, I'm in
California
broom. Is this your first time doing like a video chat or no for
the study?
It's my second time doing that. Mm
Yeah.
Mm
How long have you been using prolific?
On july like mid july this year. Yeah,
I like it. It's pretty interesting.
Uh huh. All right. I guess for the most part, yeah.
How are things for you?
is it your first or? Mm
Yeah. Have four All Sisters. Yeah.
How are you?
Uh huh.
Um I'm too much now, especially, mm I'm usually just home and doing school stuff most of the time or just like facetime my friend or play like some video games and stuff. How are you?
Yeah. Well,
right.
I'm doing psychology. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm in my second year of college, so
several blocks I want to go.
probably.
What do you do?
Mm hmm. Well before like everything like the pandemic and stuff, we used to just kind of go out on the weekend just to go shopping or go out to eat or something or go like the movies or go to someone's house and just hang out. Uh now no really those things anymore. I usually just like facetime my friends and sometimes go out, but not really a lot. Not as much as before.
Yeah. Well it's mostly just like computer games. Well we've been playing like among us lately.
complain that. And then white road blocks kind of like we found it like in March when everything like started happening because we figured we'd have a lot of like free time. so we just started playing pretty much.
Sometimes I usually just like if I'm an impostor I just say it but then like my friend or my sister I believe my sister too and sometimes they don't say it so I'm just like uh okay. What kind of games have you played her?
What?
hmm.
Does
that what?
that is very fun.
Do you have
any plans for Halloween or?
Yeah.
I think I'm just going to my sister's house to just hang out with my nieces and nephew and just like do little fun Halloween activities and stuff
home. Um my nephew seven and then my nieces are five.
Yeah actually play with my nephew knees. I play like roadblocks sometimes with them. They really like enjoy it and like get happy playing with me and my sister, so that's fine. Yeah. Mm hmm.
say campus life or? Uh
No, I mean everything just went online. So. Okay. Yeah.
I think some classes this semester are on campus, but that's only if it's like an art class and it's like hands on or like the mechanic class or something. But all my classes are just online this semester and then next semester so.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Still not.
The last one, Penguin
boss movie. Um Yeah, probably twilight last week. Uh huh.
Yeah. Have you watched it? Okay. What about you?
well.
No.
Yeah. Do you like like scary stuff a lot or?
Do you see a random, but do you believe in like ghosts or stuff like that?
Yeah.
I want,
No, I haven't done a haunted house, but I've done something kind of similar, but not like that.
I think pretty scary. I did like uh like a haunted hayride kind of thing. So I will sound like a truck kind of and then like road through and then like the people would come and like run like get up in your face and stuff like that, which was fun. But I was like at the end, so they came into like my face.
Yeah, that's fine. Kind of scary, but.
Yeah.
Good.
mm. Like when I graduate or like just okay.
Yeah, wow, I'm planning on getting my are doing my master's, getting my masters and then depending on how things go possibly getting my doctorate because I do want to become like a psychologist and not just like a therapist. So but I mean something can change and I might not do that, but as of right now that's what I want to do and like I want to work with Children and do my child psychology. Mhm.
Yeah, kind of nerve racking but no,
yeah, kind of worry I guess that I won't be like smart enough I guess to finish but as long as they keep trying um should be fine. Yeah.
Mhm.
Mhm.
Please.
Yeah. Did you say you're from Georgia?
I think the last person I had did like one of these video calls with, she was from Georgia to yeah.
Mhm.
Yeah.
Mr
Right. Yeah. So are you like working from home? No? Or?
Did you like prefer working from home Lauren? Do I get for him?
Problem?
next time.
Uh parents have select this year.
Hopefully.
no, I've heard of it and I kind of know what it's about but I haven't really watched it or anything.
All right. It's still pretty hot Even though it's October like it was 95 today I think 90 but pretty common, especially where I live. It doesn't get cold until like november really. And, but I guess the fires have been pretty bad. I don't even know there was a fire kind of not super near me, but like a closer than when, closer than usual I guess then where they like fires usually are. So it's like I don't know if it's still I don't know I think it's put out but it might still be going on because sometimes it smells like smoky outside and like there hasn't been that great, but I think it's getting a little bit better. Right? You can kind of you can see like the blue sky now before I used to like look cloudy but it wasn't cloudy. Uh huh. I guess it's getting somewhat better.
I don't know.
I don't even know why.
No, I think uh I think that some of the, one of the fires last
year was started physically, the electrical, something electrical, so now they're trying to like candle that better, which is good. Uh huh I mean there's still fires this year so didn't necessarily help with preventing them. Mhm.
Yeah,
uh sort of it's not really
how are you?
Yeah I saw that too. Yeah.
They're not
why do you look at home? So I live with them and then I live with one of my sisters and then my other three sisters live they all two of them are married and one of them lives with like their boyfriends and then two of them have like families and stuff
so. Yeah.
Cool.
I don't think so. I think it's just whatever is on the timer.
I think that the bottom it says 26 Minutes and 35 seconds.
You too. Right.