mm hmm. Hi. Right. Mhm. Hi.
So how are you doing?
Yeah, I mean just 11 p.m. Baby beanie. So
you're actually somewhere towards the midwest
sometime?
Okay. So. Okay, mm
this
is my freaking time with better up labs, Yeah.
Uh huh. So did you also find them through prolific or was it something else? Yeah, interesting.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh man. Actually, I think I started around june recall correctly. What about you?
How do you like it so far? Uh
Just something to do. Right. Uh huh. Okay. I found things over there in California.
Yeah.
Right, I'm over on the east coast in Georgia. Yeah, just had a baby last week, so I didn't really sleep much last week and this week he's starting to settle in. Yeah.
What about you have any siblings
that's a big fan. Uh huh.
I only have one brother. What? And older brothers who also got two kids. Uh huh
mm So what do you do for fun?
Well I mean I already finished school so I worked throughout the day and then I get home and sometimes with the kids before that actually had a life but well that's the price you pay right? Yeah so I don't game as much as I used to my friends and definitely don't hang out with him or definitely can't go out to dinner net with the way things are. Yeah.
Yeah what
are you studying
mm
No.
Uh huh. Yeah yeah it's two years is a long way yeah when you get to your senior year you're gonna wish it, you're back in your second or third year, it's gonna
feel so weird. No trust me it's gonna be a weird,
uh well I'm a computer engineer to end up doing what development we're just kind of weird but Mhm. Well, mhm. So what other kind of things do you do with your friends?
Well what happened gaming, you actually play any games with your friends or is it just uh stuff you can do on mobile phones?
Oh that game Oh yeah.
Mhm. I can't help but ask you play among us, are you guys always trying to trick each other or water?
Well I've been wanting
to play among us but with the kids that's definitely a lot harder, especially when I have a work schedule, but what does it mean? It was anything goes FPs games, puzzle games. I think I had to go up. Yeah,
it's just if I get time I might try to play Overwatch or I might try to sneak in a few hours account of call of duty before bedtime. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. So understanding them about trying to get into among us for the other game
with
game. Got what's called, I think it's fanta phobia or something and they look it up. Mm. Okay. Yes, phasmophobia passed what was called. Yeah, that one's pretty interesting because you can do him either br or you can play it on the computer and it's a four player game. So what you're supposed to do is you're a team of ghost hunters and you're supposed to figure out what type of entity is right talking a certain place.
Yeah, it's perfect for Halloween. Yeah.
Well,
uh man, I would love to actually take my kids out trick or treating, but I don't think it's going to happen this year because of covid, but people decorations. So we just go ahead and do a quick walk around the neighborhood, take a look and see what's out there. What? Yeah
that's pretty funny because he actually looks at the decorations and starts making these little ghost sounds when you see them, yep. I mean she knows what it is. They haven't gotten a jump scare yet so I don't know how to react to that. Yeah. So what about you any plans?
Mhm. How are your nieces and nephews?
No. Uh huh. So they're actually can play more point games and just stand around and stare.
Yeah. The house, campus life changed since covid hit. Right?
life
wow.
No man, you're so lucky. Yeah my brother in law, he's forced to go to campus for one class so we end up having to become an apartment just for that one particular class. Yeah. Talking
about ridiculous. Yeah mm
that's
good. Let's get you guys to actually have everything online. Yeah. Mhm. Like crazy. So what was the last movie you've actually seen
last movie you've actually seen?
Mhm.
Uh Well we sort of get through a Korean drama that are watching my wife and then we both of us are trying to finish up lots of space season two and we haven't had any success with that because you know toddler
and then the baby coming on the way so saying they just PBS kids shows and coco melon. Never trying to get my wife to try to watch a scary movie with me but she's
afraid yeah she scares too easily. Well
mm I mean I just like any movie in general but because this Halloween or the Month of Halloween I kind of would like to get into some scary stuff just because it's Halloween spirit. Yeah,
I don't believe in them, but I wouldn't discount it completely because there's going to be something beyond what we have here. Oh, as far as actual encounters. No, I've tried to go to a supposedly haunted bar and it was kind of more like, okay, let's get drunk. It was in Savannah. Yeah. My friend was claiming that he felt some chills and all sorts of weird stuff. I'm just like pleasing. You can be, didn't make sure it wasn't alcohol. Mhm.
And of course my other friend who was with us, he, I don't know what's up with him, but he scares easily. He was pretty jumpy the whole time. Yeah. Yeah, that was actually kind of entertaining. We
actually did a well yeah, you have never tried one of those haunted houses where you run away from the zombies, Like you actually have to run from them.
Okay. Yeah, that was entertaining. I've never seen someone jump like that before, Like literally jump from being scared. Uh huh.
no.
mm hmm. Man, I missed all that already. Mhm Yeah, I took my wife on two of them. She got mad and told me like I can't believe we get paid to get to get scared like this. Like I'm not doing it with you ever again. Yeah, that's what she told me. Uh huh Maybe I can take the kids when they're old enough. Maybe L picture. Let me Oh
mm
so about plans after your double school? Mm
mm When you graduate?
sometimes good.
Yeah, It sounds like you already have everything set for you.
Mhm Oh
yeah.
Yeah. We
have less than seven minutes.
Yeah I guess where I live now but I spent most of my life there was actually born in pennsylvania
wow.
Yeah
interesting wow. Mhm
I would ask more about that person but I guess that's a little too much information, privacy and all. Yeah let's focus someone from west Virginia and they actually were kind of kicking people off campus so yeah interesting situation for that person.
Uh they did do that initially when we first had someone die that worked from Covid and then they eliminated it a few months later and now we're all just back in the same area. That's crazy.
man I didn't have kids
it would be a lot easier to work from home, but since we do it's not as easy as it should have been. Yeah sadly you have to be a working hard to focus just because there's too many distractions or there's only one major source of distraction.
Yeah but the problem is like I said the way they handled it was pretty bad. They waited until someone actually died and then they bring us back in and then now they're kicking us out of the building. Whenever there is a person who tested positive they have to fumigate the building. Yeah talking about nonsense and I brought that up with the supervisor before. Like if someone already test positive and it's already too late because we've all been in the same area right? Yeah. Maybe it will be for another person to die. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. But now there's laws in Georgia saying that you can't sue places of business or even your employer if you get infected or die from it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's just the politics.
Yes The most probably 2021 would be much better. I mean the bar
is pretty low already and there's a new meme that one of my friends sent. Um It was a picture of a crystal dagger. I said just hang on to that thing until the end of 2020 because the white walkers still might come. So you you can get a game of Thrones. Right. No. Okay.
Okay. Well the white walkers or pretty much monsters that can bring back the dead as zombies, anything to kill turns into a zombie but they only can be killed by a special weapon. Yeah but that was pretty much told mean don't lose it and you never know if they might come. So how's everything else over there in California?
It's like every years
like wildfires I get out of control. Yeah. Mhm. So as the state actually come up with a plan to keep it under control or start trying to find ways to prevent it or what?
No
neither.
and then we had to covid problem which also makes it harder. Yeah. Yeah.
Crazy. We've been giving it with the news on what's going around the world. Yeah.
wow
mm sadly the only thing I've seen on the news so far is that you're just getting harder with Covid. So I mean they were already getting trashed story pretty badly already but no it's way worse.
Yeah and then there's Brexit which seems to be something that they just keep talking about but never actually happens. Yeah.
Problem. What about your address to your family you said? Yeah siblings about your parents are they still like yeah they're living by themselves or,
No.
Yeah.
All right well I mean this is just a warning that tells us when we're already out of time or,
Yeah let's see the timer. Yeah I don't see the time or anywhere actually mm.
Well I guess we made you didn't meet our quota so that's always good. Okay. Well it was nice meeting you.