Hello.
I can hear you. Yeah.
Hi nice to meet you.
Who's your friend
I have
now.
Mhm.
I understand. Very cool
like
animals too.
Um I don't
right now I'm kind of a cat person. Um I like dogs. Two cats are just easier and they go and do their thing after.
definitely, definitely. So have you done a study like this before where you just get
on camera and talk to people?
Um I've not I do a lot of stuff on prolific. I've not done one of the video chats before so that's a that's a new one for me.
Yeah that's her that's kind of all of us at this point.
Um No I'm actually on the pacific coast. I'm in the pacific Northwest.
Oh awesome. I'm in Salem.
Um I like it most of time. Actually. Used to live in Seattle for back in 2018 so I was there for about a year and a half. It's a bit smaller smaller community here than say them. Mhm.
That's okay just um I mean I've moved a lot in the past few years so this is just kind of where I am now and um sometimes it's my work, sometimes it's just I want to check out a new place. Um I lived in florida for the 1st 27 years of my life and never got on a plane, never really went anywhere. So at this point now it's like when I had the opportunity to go somewhere to check out somewhere new, I'm going to go because you know you only have so long on this planet so do all you can.
Yeah. Okay.
So
are
you from Seattle or you been there while there?
Okay.
it's not a bad thing, there certainly worse places to be in the country. I think you're in one of the best. I'm partial to the pacific Northwest though so that might be the wrong person.
definitely definitely.
Yeah I agree.
Yeah we've been opening up slowly, we're in um kind of a more I guess rural areas so we're not as um I guess just densely populated so we have a little more room to breathe. Um So I mean that if we're just a little more ability to kind of get out and do things kind of um So I mean we're in kind of a in an area where we have people who don't want to wear their masks. Um I guess that's everywhere but this area is very small right? Whatever like put on your mask and match up. Yeah
this is our new normal um You know actually what I'm doing later today I'm going to go get the new sewing machine. I'm actually gonna be sowing some masks and so that's gonna be my new project. I figure I have the time right now and it's a thing that people need so might as well put them out there. Yeah, maybe make a little coin myself, we'll see what happens, but mhm.
It's very cold.
definitely. What
do you make,
what kind
of things do you make on your sewing machine made clothes or?
I have goals
and trying to get to where I can do my own like clothing alterations and eventually make my own clothes. I've never been like a standard size where I can just go in a store and be like, I want to take this home and we're like, it's always something you've got to fix it or um you know I want my clothes to fit um
and it's
been it's been something I've said I'm going to do for years. Actually had a sewing machine, it sat in the box brand new up in the top of the closet for like five years. Never opened the thing. So this time like I'm gonna do it, we're gonna make it happen, it's not gonna be in a box is going to stop there, I'm gonna use it so no excuses
this time.
No.
What?
I
think
so. I think so. So what do you do for fun? What do you do when you're with your time? Yeah. What?
Mhm. That's a good feeling. Be
without?
thank you.
We can still get a little beer money and still take care of cedar now. You just go in prolific while you're like, okay, we're gonna do this together. Let's answer some surveys.
Actually, I really like hiking to um that's one great thing about this area is that there's just nature everywhere. Um Just recently I went on a trip to a park and they have this thing called the Trail of Tin Falls, which is exactly like, it sounds like um 10 waterfalls and actually some of you can go and walk behind them, so it's like just this mass of water coming down and you get to just do everything and wonderful hikes are probably my favorite thing to do. Sure.
And
it is
magic.
that's
due to yeah, I feel like that's my reward at the end. I'm like, all right, I did all this. I get to see this sweater fellow, otherwise I'm like where did I go this way before I have to just go back? That's that's my treat at the end as I get to see a big waterfall. Yeah.
I support that.
Have you done any climbing on Mount Rainier?
Um I have not my friend who who still lives in Seattle um She's that's been her goal is I'm gonna I'm gonna climb out. Really? I'm like, you have done without you let me hug. So she's been there for about five years and I don't think she's actually done any of that yet, but it's still one of her goals.
Yeah.
I like, I like a little bit of a challenge,
but I want to actually be able to get there alive and in one piece, it's a good thing, but that's because the earth sometimes tries to eat me as I found I went to the No, but I went to the Skagit Valley tulip festival one year. And have you, have you been okay? So like, you know, it's really muddy and retina. So I was walking there with the same friend, what's the Grand Mountain? And so I'm going along and ended up like sinking down into the mud literally knees deep. Like it took two people to help me out. The earth ate my shoes. Like I went the whole rest of the way, like just no shoes because it
was like down in the earth like you've just done and we still have like a few hours drive back to where we were going. Like, I mean it was hilarious as it was happening. It's like this is what I have to be careful. The earth literally tried to eat me today, so I'm
going to be careful with mountains.
Come
on
down.
not so much. I'm like I got to see some flowers, some nice faithful just hang out, probably have a few sneezes from Nepal and whatever not the earth is gonna eat me. That was, that was different.
That made
for a good photo opportunity and it made for a good story later. So I mean pros and cons.
Mhm but on the earth tried to eat
me,
we
need you.
not a whole lot up in that area. Um Really? I mean mostly just like parks there, Seattle is so big, there's so much to see
um I mean I was always out doing things new things, but um hiking in that you're not, not a whole lot, mostly just kind of the parks and trails local. I've done a lot more um kind of in Oregon. Um
It's like there
me,
yeah, most of North and central. I haven't spent a lot of time in southern Oregon yet. Um I like going to the coast when I can do that. Um A
story
is always
to see
the Goonies House. Mhm. All right,
but
now,
Yeah. Are you able to go and do things? Are you kind of really quarantine where you're at?
And
yeah, I miss biscuit and being in Seattle china will
be back.
there's um there's one that's in like kind of north ballot area and then I think there's another one that's in, I want to say like stevens are they opened a second one? Um If you like a good biscuit,
I
recommend it and I say this with authority as a southerner, like it's good biscuits. Um I'm go check it out when you can. I also heard like they're doing like take out, I'm not taking out like um like you make them at home biscuits, like they're doing that now so you can come
if
you can
get
them. I recommend it. Um I was living in Ballard when I was up there and uh it would be just
like at
every
brunch
place just to go in this little biscuit stop like you'd have to stand outside in line for good 45 minutes. Get your biscuit worth it though. High praise for these. I missed that. And I miss um that's chicken and waffles place. You I miss the food
Yeah it's no one can tell. We're in uncharted territory.
Wait and see.
Yeah I I have not been able to work right now. I actually got to Salem just as everything shut down so it's just you know that's the way the universe. Time did it happens. Um It's given me time to work on other personal things and you know make the best of a situation that is what it is. Um Exactly. So now I'm gonna start shelling so why not?
No
excuses now like what else you gonna do? Yeah. Um I've been hearing about in the news as capitol hill or the it's the free what is it
free something?
Free zone.
Okay. What is going on with that? Like what's update me as a local what's going on with that?
at the,
that was
going
to happen anyway. Mhm.
Yeah.
Good,
Mhm.
Good. Huh?
And
Yeah, that makes sense. I was wondering how that was going to go because it is a great idea, but it's where do you take that to like the next, like, what's after that?
The police were Oh
that's funny.
Yeah.
Yeah,
that's nonsense ended up sets the dogs. I don't like that.
Somebody
think of the dogs here and like the fireworks. Yes.
Well, I think it's cool that that happens and I mean where else would that happen by capitol Hill? Of course. I think it's that's cool.
Um It's a little bit more, we're all a little bit more conservative, a little bit more pro blue will say here. Um I think it's been good. I mean we've had protests here, we've had a lot of good discussion. I think people are just becoming more aware some people are just gonna dig in their heels. I think that's just kind of it is what it is but I think it's it is making people um stop and think if for no other reason than nowadays you're going to have a camera in your face and you're going to show up on like Karen's gone wild if you start acting a fool like and you brought that on yourself, Karen don't do it. Mhm.
So I don't know, maybe you know I don't like the idea of public shaming but if that's what we have to do to get you to stop killing people you know priorities. Sorry Karen sorry kevin
don't be
that way.
I think it is I think I'm hopeful.
Yeah or not but I'm hopeful I hope I mean it's all we can do is hope for the best and keep working towards it. But so doesn't that it's just business as usual people? Yeah I think it's gonna store going home when the math.
Mhm. Okay.
Okay.
And
Yeah it's I don't
know.
I get it right.
Yeah. Well it is like it's serious.
Yeah. That's funny. Yes. So what do you have going on the rest of the day? Yeah. Mhm.
definitely.
I'm there with yeah it'll happen
that that
part I think will happen sterilize things to
do.
Yeah until then you know go get you some biscuits from biscuit and being this
is not a sponsored
post but
Yeah I highly recommend it.
It's
Um They have like a biscuit sandwiches so there's one it's like a breakfast sandwich it's like you've got your bacon on it and I got like a tomato Jm which sounds weird but it's actually really good. It's a little spread on it. I don't remember what it's called but I think it's like they're I think it's like their main one that they have um I haven't had anything from there it wasn't delicious. And
they have coffee there too. Are you coffee drinker? Okay so get you a cardamom vanilla latte from the barista.
Can you tell? I have not had breakfast yet today. Just like food is on the brain right now.
well
I'm sure they
have that
too.
Hey?
Absolutely yeah I think we're getting close to our time and I gotta go pick up my sewing machine but
it was really nice chatting with you.
Yes. Excellent. All right you have a good day.
Bye.