Okay. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Right. Okay. What? Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Goodbye. Yeah. Probably. Mr han from Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Why? No? Yeah. Good. Yes, you can join too. Yeah. Okay. Mhm, mm hmm. Right. Oh. L know. Pine at me. Sure. Hello? Help. Help. Help. Hey behave. Yes. Hello? Yeah. Okay. Meaty boy. But the king.
Hi. Can you hear me? All right,
I'm Maria.
Nice to meet you too.
This is senator. Uh
He's
a rescue that we adopted at the start of quarantine. Um
He's just over a year old and very needy so he may just hang out with us until he gets his fill of affection and then like a cat, he will leave.
Thank
you.
Do you have any pets?
Thanks.
Cats are grey. I have met some truly awesome one, so there's no rivalry there.
No,
I have not. I can't say that I have of you.
I barely made a prolific, like I've only really seriously gotten in the habit of doing surveys the last couple of weeks. Um, but I'm not a stranger to video chatting at least once isolation got started. That's really how I kept in touch with everybody.
Yeah. Are you on the pacific coast, East coast? Somewhere in the middle?
Hey, I'm in Seattle.
Okay. Right. On, how do you like it?
No, I've, well, I've driven through and I've passed through like on camping trips and stuff. Um, I guess what brought you down there was at work or something else, if you don't mind me asking.
Absolutely. Right. On
right. On. Okay. I
guess
so.
Uh, no born and raised in Seattle. Um,
I have lived in other sections of Washington, but for the most part I stayed here and it's hard to leave every time I go to another state I'm like oh I can maybe, oh no, no, no I can't leave. So yeah, I'm okay with it. I resigned myself to this faith.
There are other great spots of the country to I just we'd have a lot going for us here. So
between like the mountains and the social policy. It's hard to find. I don't know, something that suits me a little bit better.
Yeah. Yeah. Do you have anything planned for today? Are you guys still in isolation or have you been opening up?
I hear you.
I am. I actually got a sewing machine for christmas because I asked for one and
it wound up being a great way to like spend some time to kill time while we had to be indoors.
So
I highly recommend it
programming.
Uh so obviously I started out with masks. Um but then just two other little projects to start scale buildings. So like I started out with little hand warmers. I made them in different shapes and sizes and then like neck and back heat pads for, because that can back hurts all the time now. Um I've made like scrunch ease with the extra elastics that everybody now has, um, like shirts and tops and stuff. So slowly building skills, but definitely like not anything that I could sell. Not that level yet. Yeah.
Hello?
Why do I feel that it's
such
Well,
and you know what? There's so many great resources, like starting out, I just went through a bunch of different Youtube videos and found like, oh, I love how they explain it or I absolutely can't stand this person's voice. Like not, I'm just not going
to pay attention and there's so many great communities where you can ask questions and be like, I don't know what I'm doing. Help and from what I can tell, people are generally friendly, hey, quit it. Um, so
yeah, I think you'll
have
a lot of fun with it,
I'm a really avid hiker, so I love getting out into the woods, the heart of the hike with the better, like viewpoint pay off the more I'm into it, much to my partners. Uh, maybe displeasure. I really like it. What I'm sore for like three or four days after a hike.
it
is a good feeling, but he's like, I hate being sore. Let's go. Just take a casual walk in the woods and I'm like, no, you don't get it. Um, what else do I do? And our lives really centered around our dog, I used to be a dog walker and dog sitter um in part for like extra beauty money, but also because I love dogs and to get paid to watch someone else's dog is great. Um So I used to do that now that we have cedar, like all my time is eating up trading
him, not that I don't love it.
Yeah. Yeah. What about you, what do you like to do in your spare time or what did you do before Covid?
absolutely. When I kind of first got started, I deliberately chose hikes that had
waterfall features um because I don't know, there's just something like magical about that, I don't know if magical is the right word, but like, oh
pretty
waterfall, it's a great photo. It's also like you are going to have running water so if you run out of water you're fine
like
I'm also a big sucker for like really scenic spots, so lakes or peaks, anything with a Ridgeline that makes a good photo opportunity that I can shamelessly post online, like I'm here for it.
mm Yeah, the photos nice but really like those also wind up being such rewarding spots because there's a reason that they're popular on instagram or whatever it is that they really are beautiful in person and like it's worth going to them.
Yeah, I'm I'm a totally inexperienced mountain climber, I did some of Mount ST Helens but other than that just not good enough to do it. What about you?
It's pretty dangerous as far as like mountain summits go, you need quite a few skills and then I don't know that even with those skills I would feel comfortable going up without a guide and then it's so like hit or miss with the weather um that there's like a small window of time when it's really safe to go up and that's like in March and it's so freezing cold and you're climbing through it crap ton of snow and it's like maybe not, maybe I'll go for something a little bit easier. Yeah.
Yeah.
Car.
No.
my gosh,
something similar happened when I was a kid, like maybe ted I was I remember it
was
snowing
and I was running through my mom's garden um and I also like I took a step and all of a sudden I was me deep in dirt and just really soft ground. I don't think it was mud um and had a really hard time getting out and almost lost my shoes as well, but not what you expect when you go to tool it first of all.
That's
rob.
it's a really good story. Yeah, you're right.
my
gosh.
Did
you get a chance to do any hiking while you're up here? Oh
I got
on
closer to like the Columbia River
area or central Oregon or I guess least.
The coast
is really
pretty. It's the
coast
Well that's
great.
I'm glad you're able to get out and enjoy all that.
Uh It's been kind of 50 50. Um I know in some parts of the state we've had spikes in cases, especially central Washington. Um So being mindful of that, like my partner and I are still staying pretty isolated, like I really only go out to walk cedar to get groceries and maybe to drive him to work since I can work from home but he can't. That being said things are opening up kind of. Um So a couple of the restaurants near us already have like partial diamond service, but a lot of it is still like focused on delivery or focused
on takeout. Um But when we can we try to go hiking, so that means like picking non weekend days because everybody's going to want to go on their weekend. Um And I think we've done maybe two hikes since quarantine start. Maybe one something like that. Not a whole lot.
rings
a bell. Was it like in the university district area?
I
do.
I
can
dig
it
just
like
at
every bright.
Good girl. I am in part because my partner worked in the food industry, he just got rehired as a chef. But before that he was in restaurant, we've been talking a lot about like how many of them are going to come back and in what capacity and like what kind of permanent changes they're going to be and whether that's good or bad. Uh huh. So it'll be interesting to see which restaurants come out of this. Doing okay. And which don't come back at all.
No.
Have you been able to work from home or has it been uh were you like furloughed or?
good. Personal growth is awesome. And now that we have the time for it like yes learn all the things that you wanted to learn and read all the books that you didn't have time for before. Now
you do
And
it
was previously the Capitol Hill autonomous zone and now it's the Capitol Hill occupied protest.
sure. So I actually participated in protest support so I don't feel comfortable in large crowds anymore, but I still wanted to help. So I was organizing like rides for protesters to get to in front safely or organizing um medical supplies, like ships for riot medics or um just kind of helping address questions and issues and like all the administrative back end stuff that has to happen for a support for protests to take place. So they occupied like five or six blocks of Capitol Hill in a very loose sense. So people mostly just hanging out. Um, residents are free to come and go like it wasn't anything authoritarian and it was just like, hey, we want this to be a safe space for anybody who needs it to be a safe space, um without cops interfering. So they also built like a community garden of sorts. Um I have no idea where that, that now. I just know that they built it and it existed for some period of time and it might still be there. Um I know that there they were planning on staying until their demands were met
regarding like defunding the police, which our mayor has not done. Um last thing that I heard, I've taken a few days away from the chat for my own mental health, but the last thing that I heard is that because there's been a couple of shootings in that area, which no surprise, there's always like a shooting or two this time of year in capitol Hill, like it's a big city.
It
happened
Um Because
they're saying that because of that, the mayor has issued an order to the Seattle police department allowing them
to disperse the whole community. Uh And it's interesting over time how it's developed, like it started more protests oriented and now it's more like occupation oriented, so just people being there to maintain a presence there as opposed to um giving species about like race equality or race equity and um yeah, a
police battalion and a lot of other issues, like it's morphed into something a little bit more casual and disorganized. Um I think probably in the next week it will disperse whether that's by force or people just leaving on their own out of boredom.
I don't know, i it was a great idea in theory, but
it's not like resulting in the things that they wanted to make happen. So, and it doesn't seem like anybody's moving in a direction. So we need to try a different route to get what we want.
Yeah. And I don't know. It's also unfortunate because it's like in every other major city, the police have been playing really shady. So you know, in situations where people have actually needed medical care, like the police refused to enter and then they turn around and say, well we were denied entry and it's like, no, I can see the video and I can see, we can listen to the police dispatch and I have a record of you saying that you are not going to go in versus I was denied entry. So yourself or uh they've been setting off like fireworks at night, which sucks.
we think if police um it's not really clear where it's coming from, but nobody like who's a part of the protest has been setting off the fireworks. The goal of that, I don't know if you've heard but it's been happening
in a lot of cities where some group police are not are setting off fireworks. And the goal is that the community where those protests are taking place um start to associate that with the protests and then there is like hostility and tension that's being built between the protesters and the people who can't sleep at night because of fireworks. Um
And it gives them like an excuse to come in and maybe say oh you're illegally firing off fireworks. Uh huh.
Yes.
I
mean,
too. Um but it is overall like as far as the capitol hill Zone, I don't think anybody feels like legitimately unsafe there. And also I just I don't know how long it's going to last, so
Thank you. How's the mood and Salem?
Yeah,
no,
I,
that's, that's true. Well, I'm glad to hear that. It sounds like there's room for improvement and that is taking a step in the right direction.
Yeah, yeah, I still come around, I'm sure.
good. At this point, like that's all that I can ask for that people at least just wear masks. Um,
Oh,
my partner told me
you're really funny thing that he saw this morning specifically about mask. It was right, it was like a meme or something that said, uh, if you don't put the mask on the skin will have to go through phase one again or something like that.
And
it's in reference to like some other meme about putting the lotion on the skin or else it gets the hose again. Yeah
it took me a second to I was like oh that got a little dark. All right.
it's very fitting. I just I wasn't expecting it at night in the morning I don't know.
mostly just errands. I wanted to run down to the grocery store. I am gonna make blondies. Um I have like a mhm virtual training chat later today for cedar. Um And then applying for jobs I kind of missed having more stable work. I'm currently being hired on a by project basis. Um But stable work was nice and I'd like to have it again so
we'll see where that goes
you
know?
I think
things will pick up again. It's just I miss it miss having a regular paycheck.
well
I'm
I'm going to read that down on my phone biscuit. Sounds really good.
Yeah. Do you have like a favorite
type? Do you just prefer like playing biscuits or cheddar biscuits or?
to know.
but
I was gonna say I mostly take my coffee black.
I have
time
taking
it with creamer or sugar or anything so but that's good to know if you know one day I'm feeling it. I will check them out for the cardamom, vanilla
latte.
go
lovely chatting with you to have fun. I hope you make all the wonderful things your heart desires.
Alright you too.