SPEAKER_L: Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: Hi can you hear me? All game?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Can you hear me? Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: you're wrong. Uh huh. Yeah I'm lexi
SPEAKER_L: I'm Amanda nice to meet Jim.
SPEAKER_R: let's meet through. Yeah. Sorry I just get home and have forgot about this.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I forgot about it but I saw the email so.
SPEAKER_R: Looking to voiceover. Voiceover speaks descriptions of items. Okay. Uh
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: So how is
SPEAKER_L: Or
SPEAKER_R: your day been
SPEAKER_L: thank God it's been raining. Your why
SPEAKER_R: Where are you?
SPEAKER_L: Cincinnati? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in the D. C. Area.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. Is the weather better?
SPEAKER_R: Um It's actually yeah it's been pretty nice. It was ruling this past weekend. Um But the weather has kind of been perfect a week.
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm. Yeah started colder here. I'm annoyed that I have to put on the head soon I guess.
SPEAKER_R: No I like cooler weather so yeah it was way too hot this summer.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I guess D. C. Is more south for me I think I'm not from Cincinnati originally so my like geography is a little messed up. Yeah. How
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: do you work outside of the house?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah I've been working uh this whole time because I work in research so
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: I was actually working more at the beginning of the pandemic. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: Science or? Okay. Yeah. Well I'm doing a PhD yeah
SPEAKER_R: What's your ph d n.
SPEAKER_L: biomedical
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: informatics. So I'm working, it's all on the computer so I started working at home. But
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That's nice.
SPEAKER_L: yeah it is. I mean it's definitely like a privilege to not have to leave
SPEAKER_R: People
SPEAKER_L: sometimes. It's like a little bit like it would be
SPEAKER_R: she's you?
SPEAKER_L: actually leave every now and then. But for the most part it's been good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I've been well I'm approved to tell work a couple days a week but the studies that I'm a part of recently just had me going in. Um Most of the time I'm actually I have to go in every day, including weekends until the 23rd. Um And I will probably only be like 2 to 3 hours of work, but I was looking forward to saving my gas money by teleworking, but that won't be happening for the next couple of weeks. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Is it a large community?
SPEAKER_R: Um It's about 40 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: Well, that's, that works. I
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: hate,
SPEAKER_R: okay. It's against traffic, so yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I've never had a commute shorter than this is my shortest commute ever. So like other than when I was in school um So it's not awful. It would be nice. I have a couple of co workers should live like five minutes away from work and like, oh, that sounds amazing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's like me. I'm like, well like when I was going back in person, I'm like five minutes away from the building.
SPEAKER_R: So,
SPEAKER_L: But I don't really like the neighborhood I live in. So I guess like I understand why people would rather commute.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How long have you been in your program?
SPEAKER_L: I'm in the 2nd year. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Are you liking it?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I do like it overall. I mean, I don't love like that class is sometimes, you know, like I like the research itself and I'm not like loving like the actual like having the study and you know that part of it. But I'm almost finished because the classes for right program are like really only the first two years, so I just have to get through this semester and then I think I only have one next semester and then I'm finished with that part of it.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That's right.
SPEAKER_L: Yes. What's your degree on?
SPEAKER_R: I'm a vet. So yeah, I actually what's considering doing a PhD, but everyone I know that currently in or has finished a PhD program said it was essentially the worst thing ever and they would never recommend anyone do it like, oh, well, I thought that school was the worst thing ever, so if it's comparable, I don't wanna do that again. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's generally the I was just talking about for today, who was basically saying that, I mean, yeah. So far like it's been okay. The first year was kind of not great, but I feel like everyone says it gets worse to longer
SPEAKER_R: Room.
SPEAKER_L: and fourth of it. So I have that to look forward to. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: a friend that's in his, like, I think he's in his 10th year of his PhD, like you just need to do something else, dude, like you're just give up. I'm sorry, just mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Oh my God.
SPEAKER_R: The position
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's
SPEAKER_R: of the
SPEAKER_L: long, long time. Yeah. My biggest fear, you know, I'm hoping I can get out in like five years, but Like five years total. So
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: I guess four more years including this year. I don't know. That's my hope. I'm like, yeah, I hear these stories about people who have been doing it for like 10 years and it concerns they, you know, because it doesn't pay that well either, so I want to buy like a, you know, a house maybe at some point, and like a Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: What? Yeah. Grad student salary, especially after like, like thinking about the fact that I didn't do a PhD like immediately after vet school or my residency, Like it's been a while since I've been in school and I'm making money now and I don't want to go back to ramen. Don't. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: wanted, I don't know how people even do it, like when people, because I did uh I did my undergrad and then I did a masters and now I'm doing this, so I've never like had a full time job. Like there are people in my program that did, like, they had full time jobs for a little bit, but like, yeah, like the pay cut would be so much that it would, it seems like it's so painful, like at least I don't really have anything in miss because I've never made like that much money, but
SPEAKER_R: it's fine when that's all you're used to. Yeah, but going back. Hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, yeah, it's my sister's issue too, because she's an occupational therapist and she like kind of dabbles and going back to school. I don't think like ultimately like the money, you know, like she would have to give up like a good paying job and I don't blame her for not wanting to do that.
SPEAKER_R: If I could do it part time, I would, but you need to do something really work that way, so. Mm
SPEAKER_L: is actually some people in my program that do a part time, but yeah, but they're all already employees of the like institution. Well maybe that's why like it's like, I don't know, like easier to deal with that one.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. That makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I mean I think it takes some a little bit longer, but yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Do you have a bad person?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Uh I have, I'm surprised one of them is down here, she's usually bothering me, but um I have two cats and a dog. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I really want to pad put, my apartment's a non
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: animal
SPEAKER_R: Oh no, that
SPEAKER_L: and I keep thinking of like moving, but then honestly like the level of effort that is required to remove is like not really. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: More blame you. I hate moving, mm.
SPEAKER_L: hate it too. So like, because like the rest of the stuff about the apartment's pretty good. Like it's a good size and um I go locate, well, I don't know, the neighborhood's not great, but I mean it's supposed to wear. I work when I go into work. Um but the pads are, yeah, your pads. I was hoping to like kind of convinced my landlord to let me, uh you know, have
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: a pet that was like I planned for this year. But then like her husband ended up dying. So I felt like it was not the time trying to bring that up. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: What type of dog is that?
SPEAKER_R: he's a pit bull, it's really, pimples are my favorite big head, come
SPEAKER_L: I like them
SPEAKER_R: here.
SPEAKER_L: too. I volunteer at an animal shelter and it's like, you know, mostly pimples. It is sad because it's like people come in and
SPEAKER_R: Whatever.
SPEAKER_L: you know, they don't, they want to see like the two dogs that arm pit bulls, you know what I mean? Like Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't understand, I
SPEAKER_L: Get her.
SPEAKER_R: understand from the standpoint of there's a lot of like apartments that I've seen um that won't allow you to have any pets over what was my last place. Um I think the last complex I lived in, it was no pets over like £30 and then one of them, I know it was crazy and it was like you could have to bet to pets, but combined it couldn't be more than four then. No, I think it was still £30 I just don't want a dog the size of my cat. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it was ridiculous, but I'm like, that explains why everybody's got like a little teacup yorkie or something though.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I guess it does. Yeah. Right. And I feel like most people actually do have bigger dogs, so maybe there's not as much requirements on, I think in this neighborhood, but.
SPEAKER_R: that's one of the things about this place that I like um their pet policies really lacks. So there's, I mean choice about £70 and I've seen dogs bigger than him in this neighborhood, so Uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's nice. Yeah. I grew up with big dogs too, so I would want a bigger one. I mean, I guess I'm not opposed to a small one. I feel like I don't get nervous though. I would like stop on it. I guess we have cats. So I guess the same thing with cats, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I kind of want a small dog because I've never had one my the first pit I ever had was small for a pit. Um so he was, I probably never had a dog that was less than like £40 which I think is relatively small considering dogs can be like over 100 and £50. Uh
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: but it yeah, having a small dog would be kind of fun, except I think my cat for just kind of like boss it around. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: I feel
SPEAKER_R: definition.
SPEAKER_L: like, yeah, the only reason I would kind of consider it I guess is, well, I guess like where I'm at, there's no yard or anything, so maybe it would be unkind to have a big dog anyway. Like
SPEAKER_R: Depending on the dog.
SPEAKER_L: energy. Yeah. I guess little always also need a lot of like sometimes a lot of room to run around. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: And then I'm just saying, I always think about like the airplane thing too because I travel because like my family's in New Jersey. So then I go on flights and I have family in California and everything. But then like, you know, I guess big dogs, you can't really travel. I don't know. I've ever really try to go on and they were playing with a big dog, but they go, they put them under the and like
SPEAKER_R: freaks
SPEAKER_L: the cargo area, right?
SPEAKER_R: me out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That freaks me out too. So that's like, I think why like I'm like, well maybe like at least if I got a small dog, I could pay to have it with like the humans. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's a good point. I can't imagine putting my dog in cargo. Uh No.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. I know that. I feel honestly so bad. And I've seen like these horror stories of the dog dying and yeah.
SPEAKER_R: you imagine? I would just die? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So, I mean, I guess mostly I probably wouldn't not be in a situation where I need to fly, but I don't know. You never know. I guess. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, I have a friend that is good about watching him for me if I need to go somewhere. Um which is great. She actually has two pits herself, so
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: war.
SPEAKER_R: wonderful because he actually has dogs his size to play with um and they have a big yard, so he was over there
SPEAKER_L: insane.
SPEAKER_R: and she would like text, so that's nice, thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's good. So your research I guess is animal related.
SPEAKER_R: Um so I work in infectious disease research. So um like I'm not running any studies myself. I'm the um lead vet for a few different protocols. But um my specialty is more in monkeys. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: me.
SPEAKER_R: let's see my ass, my primary protocol that I'm supporting right now is actually in hamsters. I love hamsters. I'm one of the people apparently loves hamsters. Um but uh it's a covid protocol and there were testing a few different um I think how many is this? I think I remember if it's six different antibodies or three different antibodies at high versus low doses, but we actually just started that yesterday. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So you test it on the hamsters or I don't even know the first could get interesting. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It seems like most mammalian things at this point can get it. Like I know I saw an article recently about a mink farm,
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: I didn't see that. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: cats
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: and dogs
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: the heart was existed. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mm hmm. Mhm. Well,
SPEAKER_L: Mm Yeah. It's interesting. The monkey sounds cool. Or monkeys nice or like not really.
SPEAKER_R: Depends on the monkey. Um mm. Well yeah it kind of depends on the monkey. Like some monkeys are really nice. Um Just like even talking about within the same species because some of them really acclimated well to human um Don't say human contact is not recoverable them or whatever. Um But just being in the company of humans and I know I've had a couple of monkeys that you try to partner them with other animals and they didn't like other monkeys but they like like you come in the room and they reach your hand out like want to hold your hand.
SPEAKER_L: Are because
SPEAKER_R: you put another monkey near that monkey and they want to like roberts feet off. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: trust me.
SPEAKER_R: Because we have a lot of Macaques. Um And general we have mostly sin knows I prefer recess recess generally are not as nice as the C. Knows, but I don't like the nose because they're dumb. Oh and we have marmosets, marmosets are pretty nice once they get used to you. Um Squirrel monkeys are vicious. I'm not sure about our monkeys. Trying to think of what else. Baboons are. Baboons are interesting. I
SPEAKER_L: one.
SPEAKER_R: haven't worked with baboons enough to really have an opinion on that. I feel like they can be pretty nice, but they're smart enough that they kind of like they're kind of tricksters bring up to watch them. Um But yeah, I enjoy it.
SPEAKER_L: Wow. That's cool. I've never done anything because well, pretty much all that stuff has been dry lab. So I've never done anything with animals or so actually, yeah, I have like so many questions. Okay. So like when you're using the animals with experiments and are you like after it's done, do they animals like stay alive or are they like euthanized or?
SPEAKER_R: So my institute um they're usually euthanized because things like Ebola research and yeah, it's not like we're going to pee free Ebola monkey.
SPEAKER_L: I think that's what I kind of figured. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um depending, trying to think of, I think there were some anthrax protocols that the monkeys stayed afterwards, that was before my time, so I'm not sure if those were the negative control animals or if they were infected, but the cool thing about anthrax is like once it's internal there's no risk of foreclosure for anything else. Um What else? I can't think of anything else that we've done where they would go back to the colony sometimes? Um Studies will have extra animals like we'll do surgery or something like um central venous catheters so we can pull blood
SPEAKER_L: Anyone?
SPEAKER_R: essentially. Um and they'll have extras and we'll remove whatever implants and take those back but those are naive animals um And with small animal stuff like mice and rodents. Yeah. Uh huh. If there were control animals they can go back um depending on the agent because the institute's kind of iffy about things going to BSL four and then coming out again um But mhm. Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: So why hamsters instead of like mice or rats or?
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. So we're talking a whole bunch of different stuff, so I know that we do have a mouse protocols. Um It's just that like when the covid stuff started essentially all the different places are testing um different species and trying to determine dose and route of exposure.
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: Um So the first thing we did with monkeys was actually the first thing we did was all aerosol, but the second study we did was aerosol exposure versus um inter trickle and intro inter nasal exposure. Um So that's the monkey stuff, but then in the small animals it's similar because there's what's that one, there is a proposal that just came up in mice and their humanized mice. Um I think I think they have the human receptor. Sure that is too for the ways to um epithelium in the bronc. I I don't like my just my certainly. Um But that study I think is looking at aerosol and was it because it used to weird abbreviation that I'm not used to Arizona and something else. I think it might just be inter nasal um
SPEAKER_L: hmm.
SPEAKER_R: and move mice. But generally like you end up testing a bunch of different species because they want to react the same. Like even within the three monkey species that we had like they had varying amounts of disease or they would show different sides of the disease like um the sorry thinking the african greens and the sinners get fever but the reasons don't but
SPEAKER_L: Program.
SPEAKER_R: you're but the reasons or calf and the other two won't it's kind of just like or things like um I think the hamsters get good lung pathology. We didn't see any lung pathology in the monkeys at all. And like the humanized mice have good lung pathology, but the normal wild type mice don't um I don't know if anyone that's used rats. Um I don't really have a good reason why uh ferrets are good model. Um But yeah this I don't know that anyone really has any like good perfect models. It's like different animals are good for different parts of the disease. Unlike a lot like monkeys are wonderful Ebola or Ebola models for example. But with covid you've been having problems
SPEAKER_L: Mm. Do they just
SPEAKER_R: and.
SPEAKER_L: not really get covid
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: I think it's just that like it attacks so many different things. Um So like the differences the different species have in comparison the human. It just accounts for a lot of the variability because
SPEAKER_L: in?
SPEAKER_R: they definitely get diseases. Just if you were interested in, say, um the cardiovascular effects of the disease. I mean I think my humanized mice should be a good route, but not monkeys. And usually if you're talking about things like vaccines um there's the three animal rule. So usually you'll start with mice and then you go to a higher species like say ferrets and then usually things end up in monkeys. Um But if monkeys aren't a good model that obviously doesn't really make sense. So it's sorry I don't feel like I'm explaining this very well.
SPEAKER_L: No, I think you're explaining it well, this is really interesting because I'm not really broken to anyone. I mean like I I knew someone who worked in a lab. I think they were doing rats and he just would talk about cutting off the routes heads and
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: something. I don't know like I just sounded really dark, but this is a lot more interesting. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So it's very like a specific, I'm just wondering like as far as like mortality, is there like a species that is getting hit like has a higher mortality than other or is everything across the board like pretty even?
SPEAKER_R: So thank you. It doesn't I've only heard one report in a monkey species where it was fatal and that was
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: an african green but it was an older animal and obviously older anything is gonna more easily die. Um But in all of the other monkey um models that I've seen from all the different institutes, they get sick but then they recover
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So they don't even, they are nice.
SPEAKER_R: the hamsters. Yeah I know. So the study that we're doing right now, what hamsters were doing with a um another institute. So this company is contracting both of us, so just the working son twice as quick. Especially because I have a lot more hamsters and they can so they did the first phase of the study or the the first iteration of the study. Um And we're doing the second and I know with them they had I think two deaths um that they can't really explain but they saw good lung pathology and all of the wild type hamster studies that I've seen. They're not fatal. Um But in the compromise my or sorry I'm gonna compromise hamsters because we had a group of hamsters in a previous study um that dose them with cyclophosphamide. Uh Those hamsters died but none of the wild type ones did. Um So I don't think there are any good um models for mortality without doing something like immune compromising them. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: All right. That's good. It's good that the people's dogs and cats are, can be always running radio.
SPEAKER_R: because when everything first started happening, I was like okay, when you find out that this is like particularly fatal for cats and dogs, I'm not leaving my house, I'm not going out, no.
SPEAKER_L: that was worried about it. To hunt first. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's good. Hmm, interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Okay, I like it. People generally don't understand how I can be a vet and do what I do, but I'm like, would you rather someone not be there to advocate for the animals?
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: So I mean it's hard I try not to more so on the research support side of things right now, but previously like I was like entirely clinical
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: um So you get to know your animals and then they go off the study and it's it's sad, so now I try not to go into any of the housing rooms before they go off the study because like I don't want to get attached to anyone, but Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Eminence. Yeah, it sounds like it would be hard, but I guess it's a necessary saying, you know, like I'm a vegetarian and everything like I don't want to hurt animals, but obviously like a science part of me, like, you know, you need to test it on animals or just like the way it is. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's a necessary evil, but whatever we can do so that they're not needlessly suffering or any of that stuff. So like with the stupid nasal swabs, we've been swapping all of the species for covid to during the studies, at least when we swab them, their nest chastised humans are just like suffer. Here we go. Yeah. Oh, I hate those nasal swabs, They freak me out.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: have done one.
SPEAKER_R: no, these it's because like having done them on other things, you gotta go way far up there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I heard it. Well, some people say it kind of hurts, right? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And something like their noses will start bleeding a little bit and it's not like you're like shoving it, but it's not like there's a lot of room up there. Well, it's, and you feel uh hey, I like it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well, some bad, I've never taken any type of test. I don't think. I mean, I've had no symptoms of being cycle or everything. You have to take it for your job.
SPEAKER_R: No. Um they're just doing the normal temperature checks before you go in the building. And if you, so if you show any signs, you stay home and get tested and then show proof that your negative. Um but yeah, we're not doing any testing. Thank God. Because I don't want that swab. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I wanted either. Yeah. My sister, she's doing it I think every month and she actually is a not a nursing home. So
SPEAKER_R: Channel
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I get, I get it. I if you're working in a nursing home or right hospital or something. Yeah, I'm sorry. Maybe
SPEAKER_R: That's what,
SPEAKER_L: hasn't been 25. That's so, yeah, I think. Yeah. Yeah, But thank you for yeah explaining and answer my questions
SPEAKER_R: nope.
SPEAKER_L: is really interesting.
SPEAKER_R: It's nice when I talked to someone who's curious without being like, who's not secretly thinking that I'm an evil, horrible human being. Yeah. Well,
SPEAKER_L: yeah
SPEAKER_R: yeah.
SPEAKER_L: it was really
SPEAKER_R: hmm.
SPEAKER_L: I I like I love like hearing about the different, you know it makes me think of like my own future in science to although I don't know anything with white lab so probably not that side of things, but it is very interesting. So thank you.
SPEAKER_R: You got one.
SPEAKER_L: Have
SPEAKER_R: Well, I hope
SPEAKER_L: good
SPEAKER_R: your
SPEAKER_L: brings.
SPEAKER_R: program goes well and you don't have any awful experiences. Like sometimes happens with phds.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Hopefully not. Don't fall into a deep depression like some people. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Okay,
SPEAKER_R: Well, just like speaking with you
SPEAKER_L: yep. You too,
SPEAKER_R: have a nice day.
SPEAKER_L: you too. Bye.