Uh huh.
Yeah. Can you hear me? Whoa.
I'm Amanda nice to meet Jim.
Yeah I forgot about it but I saw the email so.
mm.
Or
thank God it's been raining. Your why
Cincinnati? Mhm.
Okay. Is the weather better?
mm hmm. Yeah started colder here. I'm annoyed that I have to put on the head soon I guess.
Yeah I guess D. C. Is more south for me I think I'm not from Cincinnati originally so my like geography is a little messed up. Yeah. How
do you work outside of the house?
Hello?
Science or? Okay. Yeah. Well I'm doing a PhD yeah
biomedical
informatics. So I'm working, it's all on the computer so I started working at home. But
yeah it is. I mean it's definitely like a privilege to not have to leave
sometimes. It's like a little bit like it would be
actually leave every now and then. But for the most part it's been good.
Is it a large community?
Well, that's, that works. I
hate,
Mhm.
Yeah. That's like me. I'm like, well like when I was going back in person, I'm like five minutes away from the building.
But I don't really like the neighborhood I live in. So I guess like I understand why people would rather commute.
I'm in the 2nd year. Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. I do like it overall. I mean, I don't love like that class is sometimes, you know, like I like the research itself and I'm not like loving like the actual like having the study and you know that part of it. But I'm almost finished because the classes for right program are like really only the first two years, so I just have to get through this semester and then I think I only have one next semester and then I'm finished with that part of it.
Yes. What's your degree on?
Yeah. That's generally the I was just talking about for today, who was basically saying that, I mean, yeah. So far like it's been okay. The first year was kind of not great, but I feel like everyone says it gets worse to longer
and fourth of it. So I have that to look forward to. Yeah,
Yeah. Oh my God.
Yeah, that's
long, long time. Yeah. My biggest fear, you know, I'm hoping I can get out in like five years, but Like five years total. So
I guess four more years including this year. I don't know. That's my hope. I'm like, yeah, I hear these stories about people who have been doing it for like 10 years and it concerns they, you know, because it doesn't pay that well either, so I want to buy like a, you know, a house maybe at some point, and like a Yeah.
wanted, I don't know how people even do it, like when people, because I did uh I did my undergrad and then I did a masters and now I'm doing this, so I've never like had a full time job. Like there are people in my program that did, like, they had full time jobs for a little bit, but like, yeah, like the pay cut would be so much that it would, it seems like it's so painful, like at least I don't really have anything in miss because I've never made like that much money, but
Yeah, yeah, it's my sister's issue too, because she's an occupational therapist and she like kind of dabbles and going back to school. I don't think like ultimately like the money, you know, like she would have to give up like a good paying job and I don't blame her for not wanting to do that.
is actually some people in my program that do a part time, but yeah, but they're all already employees of the like institution. Well maybe that's why like it's like, I don't know, like easier to deal with that one.
Yeah, I mean I think it takes some a little bit longer, but yeah. Yeah.
Do you have a bad person?
I really want to pad put, my apartment's a non
animal
and I keep thinking of like moving, but then honestly like the level of effort that is required to remove is like not really. Yeah.
hate it too. So like, because like the rest of the stuff about the apartment's pretty good. Like it's a good size and um I go locate, well, I don't know, the neighborhood's not great, but I mean it's supposed to wear. I work when I go into work. Um but the pads are, yeah, your pads. I was hoping to like kind of convinced my landlord to let me, uh you know, have
a pet that was like I planned for this year. But then like her husband ended up dying. So I felt like it was not the time trying to bring that up. Yeah.
What type of dog is that?
I like them
too. I volunteer at an animal shelter and it's like, you know, mostly pimples. It is sad because it's like people come in and
you know, they don't, they want to see like the two dogs that arm pit bulls, you know what I mean? Like Yeah.
Get her.
wow.
Yeah, I guess it does. Yeah. Right. And I feel like most people actually do have bigger dogs, so maybe there's not as much requirements on, I think in this neighborhood, but.
Yeah.
Yeah. It's nice. Yeah. I grew up with big dogs too, so I would want a bigger one. I mean, I guess I'm not opposed to a small one. I feel like I don't get nervous though. I would like stop on it. I guess we have cats. So I guess the same thing with cats, you know? Yeah.
wow.
Yeah.
I feel
like, yeah, the only reason I would kind of consider it I guess is, well, I guess like where I'm at, there's no yard or anything, so maybe it would be unkind to have a big dog anyway. Like
energy. Yeah. I guess little always also need a lot of like sometimes a lot of room to run around. Yeah.
And then I'm just saying, I always think about like the airplane thing too because I travel because like my family's in New Jersey. So then I go on flights and I have family in California and everything. But then like, you know, I guess big dogs, you can't really travel. I don't know. I've ever really try to go on and they were playing with a big dog, but they go, they put them under the and like
the cargo area, right?
Yeah. That freaks me out too. So that's like, I think why like I'm like, well maybe like at least if I got a small dog, I could pay to have it with like the humans. Yeah,
Yeah. Yeah. I know that. I feel honestly so bad. And I've seen like these horror stories of the dog dying and yeah.
So, I mean, I guess mostly I probably wouldn't not be in a situation where I need to fly, but I don't know. You never know. I guess. Yeah.
The
war.
insane.
Yeah. That's good. So your research I guess is animal related.
Yeah. That's
me.
So you test it on the hamsters or I don't even know the first could get interesting. Yeah.
No,
I didn't see that. Yeah, I
know
when
the heart was existed. Yeah.
Mm Yeah. It's interesting. The monkey sounds cool. Or monkeys nice or like not really.
Are because
trust me.
one.
Wow. That's cool. I've never done anything because well, pretty much all that stuff has been dry lab. So I've never done anything with animals or so actually, yeah, I have like so many questions. Okay. So like when you're using the animals with experiments and are you like after it's done, do they animals like stay alive or are they like euthanized or?
I think that's what I kind of figured. Yeah.
Anyone?
So why hamsters instead of like mice or rats or?
Hello?
hmm.
Program.
Mm. Do they just
not really get covid
or
in?
No, I think you're explaining it well, this is really interesting because I'm not really broken to anyone. I mean like I I knew someone who worked in a lab. I think they were doing rats and he just would talk about cutting off the routes heads and
something. I don't know like I just sounded really dark, but this is a lot more interesting. Yeah.
So it's very like a specific, I'm just wondering like as far as like mortality, is there like a species that is getting hit like has a higher mortality than other or is everything across the board like pretty even?
Well,
Okay. So they don't even, they are nice.
All right. That's good. It's good that the people's dogs and cats are, can be always running radio.
that was worried about it. To hunt first. Yeah.
Yeah, it's good. Hmm, interesting.
No.
What?
Eminence. Yeah, it sounds like it would be hard, but I guess it's a necessary saying, you know, like I'm a vegetarian and everything like I don't want to hurt animals, but obviously like a science part of me, like, you know, you need to test it on animals or just like the way it is. Mhm.
I
have done one.
Yeah, I heard it. Well, some people say it kind of hurts, right? Yeah.
Yeah. Well, some bad, I've never taken any type of test. I don't think. I mean, I've had no symptoms of being cycle or everything. You have to take it for your job.
I wanted either. Yeah. My sister, she's doing it I think every month and she actually is a not a nursing home. So
I mean, I get, I get it. I if you're working in a nursing home or right hospital or something. Yeah, I'm sorry. Maybe
hasn't been 25. That's so, yeah, I think. Yeah. Yeah, But thank you for yeah explaining and answer my questions
is really interesting.
yeah
it was really
I I like I love like hearing about the different, you know it makes me think of like my own future in science to although I don't know anything with white lab so probably not that side of things, but it is very interesting. So thank you.
Have
good
brings.
Yeah. Hopefully not. Don't fall into a deep depression like some people. Yeah.
Okay,
yep. You too,
you too. Bye.