Hi can you hear me? All game?
you're wrong. Uh huh. Yeah I'm lexi
let's meet through. Yeah. Sorry I just get home and have forgot about this.
Looking to voiceover. Voiceover speaks descriptions of items. Okay. Uh
So how is
your day been
Where are you?
I'm in the D. C. Area.
Um It's actually yeah it's been pretty nice. It was ruling this past weekend. Um But the weather has kind of been perfect a week.
No I like cooler weather so yeah it was way too hot this summer.
Okay.
Mhm. Yeah I've been working uh this whole time because I work in research so
I was actually working more at the beginning of the pandemic. How about you?
What's your ph d n.
What?
Mhm. That's nice.
People
she's you?
Yeah I've been well I'm approved to tell work a couple days a week but the studies that I'm a part of recently just had me going in. Um Most of the time I'm actually I have to go in every day, including weekends until the 23rd. Um And I will probably only be like 2 to 3 hours of work, but I was looking forward to saving my gas money by teleworking, but that won't be happening for the next couple of weeks. Mhm.
Um It's about 40 minutes.
It's
okay. It's against traffic, so yeah. Yeah,
I've never had a commute shorter than this is my shortest commute ever. So like other than when I was in school um So it's not awful. It would be nice. I have a couple of co workers should live like five minutes away from work and like, oh, that sounds amazing.
So,
Yeah. How long have you been in your program?
mm.
Are you liking it?
Mhm. That's right.
I'm a vet. So yeah, I actually what's considering doing a PhD, but everyone I know that currently in or has finished a PhD program said it was essentially the worst thing ever and they would never recommend anyone do it like, oh, well, I thought that school was the worst thing ever, so if it's comparable, I don't wanna do that again. Yeah.
Room.
a friend that's in his, like, I think he's in his 10th year of his PhD, like you just need to do something else, dude, like you're just give up. I'm sorry, just mhm.
The position
of the
But
What? Yeah. Grad student salary, especially after like, like thinking about the fact that I didn't do a PhD like immediately after vet school or my residency, Like it's been a while since I've been in school and I'm making money now and I don't want to go back to ramen. Don't. Yeah.
it's fine when that's all you're used to. Yeah, but going back. Hmm.
If I could do it part time, I would, but you need to do something really work that way, so. Mm
Mhm. That makes sense.
Mhm.
Mhm. Uh I have, I'm surprised one of them is down here, she's usually bothering me, but um I have two cats and a dog. Yeah.
Mhm.
Oh no, that
More blame you. I hate moving, mm.
What?
I
he's a pit bull, it's really, pimples are my favorite big head, come
here.
Whatever.
I don't understand, I
understand from the standpoint of there's a lot of like apartments that I've seen um that won't allow you to have any pets over what was my last place. Um I think the last complex I lived in, it was no pets over like £30 and then one of them, I know it was crazy and it was like you could have to bet to pets, but combined it couldn't be more than four then. No, I think it was still £30 I just don't want a dog the size of my cat. Mhm.
Yeah, it was ridiculous, but I'm like, that explains why everybody's got like a little teacup yorkie or something though.
that's one of the things about this place that I like um their pet policies really lacks. So there's, I mean choice about £70 and I've seen dogs bigger than him in this neighborhood, so Uh
huh.
I kind of want a small dog because I've never had one my the first pit I ever had was small for a pit. Um so he was, I probably never had a dog that was less than like £40 which I think is relatively small considering dogs can be like over 100 and £50. Uh
but it yeah, having a small dog would be kind of fun, except I think my cat for just kind of like boss it around. Yeah.
Mhm,
definition.
Depending on the dog.
mm.
freaks
me out.
Yeah, that's a good point. I can't imagine putting my dog in cargo. Uh No.
you imagine? I would just die? Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, I have a friend that is good about watching him for me if I need to go somewhere. Um which is great. She actually has two pits herself, so
it's
wonderful because he actually has dogs his size to play with um and they have a big yard, so he was over there
and she would like text, so that's nice, thank you.
Um so I work in infectious disease research. So um like I'm not running any studies myself. I'm the um lead vet for a few different protocols. But um my specialty is more in monkeys. Um
And
let's see my ass, my primary protocol that I'm supporting right now is actually in hamsters. I love hamsters. I'm one of the people apparently loves hamsters. Um but uh it's a covid protocol and there were testing a few different um I think how many is this? I think I remember if it's six different antibodies or three different antibodies at high versus low doses, but we actually just started that yesterday. Yeah.
It seems like most mammalian things at this point can get it. Like I know I saw an article recently about a mink farm,
the
cats
and dogs
and
Mm hmm. Mhm. Well,
Depends on the monkey. Um mm. Well yeah it kind of depends on the monkey. Like some monkeys are really nice. Um Just like even talking about within the same species because some of them really acclimated well to human um Don't say human contact is not recoverable them or whatever. Um But just being in the company of humans and I know I've had a couple of monkeys that you try to partner them with other animals and they didn't like other monkeys but they like like you come in the room and they reach your hand out like want to hold your hand.
you put another monkey near that monkey and they want to like roberts feet off. Mhm.
Because we have a lot of Macaques. Um And general we have mostly sin knows I prefer recess recess generally are not as nice as the C. Knows, but I don't like the nose because they're dumb. Oh and we have marmosets, marmosets are pretty nice once they get used to you. Um Squirrel monkeys are vicious. I'm not sure about our monkeys. Trying to think of what else. Baboons are. Baboons are interesting. I
haven't worked with baboons enough to really have an opinion on that. I feel like they can be pretty nice, but they're smart enough that they kind of like they're kind of tricksters bring up to watch them. Um But yeah, I enjoy it.
So my institute um they're usually euthanized because things like Ebola research and yeah, it's not like we're going to pee free Ebola monkey.
Um depending, trying to think of, I think there were some anthrax protocols that the monkeys stayed afterwards, that was before my time, so I'm not sure if those were the negative control animals or if they were infected, but the cool thing about anthrax is like once it's internal there's no risk of foreclosure for anything else. Um What else? I can't think of anything else that we've done where they would go back to the colony sometimes? Um Studies will have extra animals like we'll do surgery or something like um central venous catheters so we can pull blood
essentially. Um and they'll have extras and we'll remove whatever implants and take those back but those are naive animals um And with small animal stuff like mice and rodents. Yeah. Uh huh. If there were control animals they can go back um depending on the agent because the institute's kind of iffy about things going to BSL four and then coming out again um But mhm. Mhm,
Mhm. So we're talking a whole bunch of different stuff, so I know that we do have a mouse protocols. Um It's just that like when the covid stuff started essentially all the different places are testing um different species and trying to determine dose and route of exposure.
Um So the first thing we did with monkeys was actually the first thing we did was all aerosol, but the second study we did was aerosol exposure versus um inter trickle and intro inter nasal exposure. Um So that's the monkey stuff, but then in the small animals it's similar because there's what's that one, there is a proposal that just came up in mice and their humanized mice. Um I think I think they have the human receptor. Sure that is too for the ways to um epithelium in the bronc. I I don't like my just my certainly. Um But that study I think is looking at aerosol and was it because it used to weird abbreviation that I'm not used to Arizona and something else. I think it might just be inter nasal um
and move mice. But generally like you end up testing a bunch of different species because they want to react the same. Like even within the three monkey species that we had like they had varying amounts of disease or they would show different sides of the disease like um the sorry thinking the african greens and the sinners get fever but the reasons don't but
you're but the reasons or calf and the other two won't it's kind of just like or things like um I think the hamsters get good lung pathology. We didn't see any lung pathology in the monkeys at all. And like the humanized mice have good lung pathology, but the normal wild type mice don't um I don't know if anyone that's used rats. Um I don't really have a good reason why uh ferrets are good model. Um But yeah this I don't know that anyone really has any like good perfect models. It's like different animals are good for different parts of the disease. Unlike a lot like monkeys are wonderful Ebola or Ebola models for example. But with covid you've been having problems
and.
No
I think it's just that like it attacks so many different things. Um So like the differences the different species have in comparison the human. It just accounts for a lot of the variability because
they definitely get diseases. Just if you were interested in, say, um the cardiovascular effects of the disease. I mean I think my humanized mice should be a good route, but not monkeys. And usually if you're talking about things like vaccines um there's the three animal rule. So usually you'll start with mice and then you go to a higher species like say ferrets and then usually things end up in monkeys. Um But if monkeys aren't a good model that obviously doesn't really make sense. So it's sorry I don't feel like I'm explaining this very well.
No.
Yeah.
So thank you. It doesn't I've only heard one report in a monkey species where it was fatal and that was
an african green but it was an older animal and obviously older anything is gonna more easily die. Um But in all of the other monkey um models that I've seen from all the different institutes, they get sick but then they recover
the hamsters. Yeah I know. So the study that we're doing right now, what hamsters were doing with a um another institute. So this company is contracting both of us, so just the working son twice as quick. Especially because I have a lot more hamsters and they can so they did the first phase of the study or the the first iteration of the study. Um And we're doing the second and I know with them they had I think two deaths um that they can't really explain but they saw good lung pathology and all of the wild type hamster studies that I've seen. They're not fatal. Um But in the compromise my or sorry I'm gonna compromise hamsters because we had a group of hamsters in a previous study um that dose them with cyclophosphamide. Uh Those hamsters died but none of the wild type ones did. Um So I don't think there are any good um models for mortality without doing something like immune compromising them. Yeah.
because when everything first started happening, I was like okay, when you find out that this is like particularly fatal for cats and dogs, I'm not leaving my house, I'm not going out, no.
Mhm.
Mhm. Okay, I like it. People generally don't understand how I can be a vet and do what I do, but I'm like, would you rather someone not be there to advocate for the animals?
So I mean it's hard I try not to more so on the research support side of things right now, but previously like I was like entirely clinical
um So you get to know your animals and then they go off the study and it's it's sad, so now I try not to go into any of the housing rooms before they go off the study because like I don't want to get attached to anyone, but Yeah. Uh huh.
it's a necessary evil, but whatever we can do so that they're not needlessly suffering or any of that stuff. So like with the stupid nasal swabs, we've been swapping all of the species for covid to during the studies, at least when we swab them, their nest chastised humans are just like suffer. Here we go. Yeah. Oh, I hate those nasal swabs, They freak me out.
And
no, these it's because like having done them on other things, you gotta go way far up there.
And something like their noses will start bleeding a little bit and it's not like you're like shoving it, but it's not like there's a lot of room up there. Well, it's, and you feel uh hey, I like it.
No. Um they're just doing the normal temperature checks before you go in the building. And if you, so if you show any signs, you stay home and get tested and then show proof that your negative. Um but yeah, we're not doing any testing. Thank God. Because I don't want that swab. Yeah.
Channel
That's what,
nope.
It's nice when I talked to someone who's curious without being like, who's not secretly thinking that I'm an evil, horrible human being. Yeah. Well,
yeah.
hmm.
You got one.
Well, I hope
your
program goes well and you don't have any awful experiences. Like sometimes happens with phds.
Yeah. Mhm.
Well, just like speaking with you
have a nice day.