SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Sorry thank you. All right. Mhm. And another okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. No. Okay. Mhm. Yeah mm. Oh what? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Sure. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Right, wow. Yeah. That's right. Yes. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay mm hmm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. In other places? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Shit. Nothing. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Something. Well I wanted to talk to you. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh no. Mhm. Yeah. We're gonna get yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Something. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I just want, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Nice. I think it's possible mm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm hmm. Mhm. Oh yeah. Very much yeah. Yeah mm. Thank you. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Do you think hello? Hi. You're my third time. I didn't think anybody was gonna show up?
SPEAKER_R: I did. You don't want
SPEAKER_L: Well the first two times people didn't show up so I actually sort of forgot about this and then I saw an email came in I said oh no I can't go to sleep. I said I do this so hi I'm Bonnie, nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you on thomas.
SPEAKER_L: Where are you
SPEAKER_R: I am in L. A. Right now.
SPEAKER_L: Chicago
SPEAKER_R: Oh nice. I found in Chicago.
SPEAKER_L: where? Mhm
SPEAKER_R: I mean I honestly don't know anything about Chicago. I just know that they're near Chicago and there's a There's a hospital that they live near or something like that. But I mean like there's like 1000, I'm pretty sure it's just that my sister was going to go to a nursing program out near Chicago and when she went there to go visit and check it out, she actually stayed with them. And then she was able to basically walk over there because it was that close. So I was like oh it's kind of uh yeah
SPEAKER_L: So how's life in L. A.
SPEAKER_R: I mean it's back to normal, everyone just kind of pretended like the pandemics over. So it's back
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: to usual so I don't know uh Is Chicago good
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: recovered again?
SPEAKER_L: think so. I looked at our went to world dominator tonight and I was like whoa we're really we're like right after texas today I spent most of the time away in England so I've only been
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: back a few days so it's not my normal thing. I was gone most of the summer. I came home for a few weeks and headed back to England and then come back Tuesday so
SPEAKER_R: Brown,
SPEAKER_L: it looks okay to me. But my guess is I would imagine people are alarmed but they don't seem to be, I have no idea. I have this thing where if anyone starts talking about Covid and they're with me, I look at my watch and I go okay Taiwan and then and then we're going to stop.
SPEAKER_R: That's fair.
SPEAKER_L: No, not with you. But I do that with my friends because I think a lot of them haven't been out so they haven't been out of the area so they kind of have gotten a little obsessed.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I mean a lot of people are like that and then I just think over here, I just, I mean, I would say one thing and then I drop it, but the thing over here is that like people pretend like it doesn't exist anymore. So a lot of people in the Oc Orange County
SPEAKER_L: You have.
SPEAKER_R: just forget that like people just ignore, they like think that's a whole hysteria. I think it's fake. So they just don't wear mask. They don't do anything. They don't like it doesn't exist. So, I mean like, like I said, California is like usual, you know, just kind of back to the whole thing. I mean there's areas that's good and stuff like that and there's always exceptions more so than the actual rule itself. But I'm just saying that like back to,
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: don't fucking know.
SPEAKER_L: it is it's become our norm. It has become the normal and I didn't mean you couldn't talk about, I met with like with my friends who were really obsessed with it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I definitely want to say that there was like a actually, it's funny because like I took a couple of surveys on the prolific and then there's one of them that was like, how often do you think about it? And then there's like a whole bunch that popped up recently because of this? And then like it was like, oh yeah, have you been like talking more about it? Have you been thinking about it? Are you more like anxious because of it? And like it kind of dawned on you that you're like, oh actually some of these things are true, like it does pop up or something. Let's talk about the weather. You're talking about like things
SPEAKER_L: Covid
SPEAKER_R: like that.
SPEAKER_L: or what it will actually because it's like what can you do? I started saying while I was in England that I can't go to a restaurant with somebody bringing it up or talk. It's also because it affected where we could go and what we could do. So over there. I think I heard about it a little bit more than I do here.
SPEAKER_R: No interesting.
SPEAKER_L: So for so for us it's just kind of because we're usually international a lot of the time my husband has a lot of work in Asia and so he's grounded so he can't get over to do his work. So that's been really interesting to be in the States as much as we are. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The I have a lot of relatives that do work um like work and they like have offices in Asia and everything like that. They normally commute that commute sorry, but like travel every once in a while and the fact that everyone is kind of not grounded but more or less like you can't force someone to go travel that's
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: not part
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: of the
SPEAKER_L: can't
SPEAKER_R: job right now.
SPEAKER_L: but you can't get in like that's the whole thing. So for example my husband works a lot in Taiwan so for him he'd have to go for a two week quarantine in a hotel room And then he could start working. So it's just 11 a month. Who is just not happening?
SPEAKER_R: They say anything with Korea to like the government like mandates that you stay inside a place that they monitor and then they give you supplies to survive for two weeks. It's got a nice but also like it's also kind of crap because you're literally like house arrested for like two weeks.
SPEAKER_L: A lot of places that have done that I I was heard about Korea. I didn't know if they made you pay for it yourself or not. You
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: then
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: depends
SPEAKER_R: government does it and then
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: the government
SPEAKER_L: know in Korea.
SPEAKER_R: doesn't it? Yeah because I remember seeing it and read it a couple of times and like this is what we should
SPEAKER_L: And.
SPEAKER_R: be doing and then like I mean what we don't do is exactly the way we do the opposite of that. Well they fare over here dumpster
SPEAKER_L: Mix.
SPEAKER_R: fire. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: what do you do? Are you a student are your worker like what do you do?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I'm a student but also at work, so I mean like I just listed myself as a as a worker for prolific and uh was that I work full time but then I also have a student so it's just easier that way.
SPEAKER_L: what kind of full time work do you do?
SPEAKER_R: Uh So I do uh like administrative stuff for education, so I'm a university so I'm like like I work for the business office at U. C. L. A. But I'm also like a student there, so it works out like, I don't know, I just take classes now that everything is online, it's so much easier. Easy transition.
SPEAKER_L: Well it doesn't sound like you're going very far if it's an easy transition like you do. So when you do online classes are you essentially just staying around or going home or? Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: No I mean like it's
SPEAKER_L: Report?
SPEAKER_R: just classes online so um they have like everything all the lectures and everything online and so forth. So it's not a big issue of like now homeworks easier turn in. I don't know, you have to have any like office hours and stuff like that are now like instantaneous. You have to walk somewhere. But it's also monotonous where you have a disruption of your day. So normally what you do is you go to
SPEAKER_L: discussing
SPEAKER_R: class or something like that and then you walk to your car, you walk somewhere else. You have a physical break in time, but now it's up to you to physical break up your time between classes to say for example, you're taking seven classes. If you go between lecture one and lecture like one for another
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: one, you just go straight to it because there's no time gap, your brain doesn't really like function like that. We don't work at a no break mentality. So. Oh
SPEAKER_L: essentially they recorded, in other words, it's not in real time,
SPEAKER_R: Well I mean some of them are, some of them are
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: is,
SPEAKER_R: I'm taking classes that are recorded just so happened that way. But they have a sink. They have synchronous classes to
SPEAKER_L: What do you, what are you studying,
SPEAKER_R: I am studying engineering.
SPEAKER_L: go back?
SPEAKER_R: There's like a discipline of engineering that's really fun and interesting for me. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What kind of engineering you interested in?
SPEAKER_R: I usually keep it vague so it doesn't like terrified people. But like chemical engineering, I
SPEAKER_L: why
SPEAKER_R: say
SPEAKER_L: do you
SPEAKER_R: renewable
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: energy.
SPEAKER_L: so? Why would, why would that terrify people?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. It just like a lot of people like when they hear, I just say engineering because just like it doesn't happen like It to the, to the general population, they hear engineering, they're like good enough for
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: me
SPEAKER_L: think that?
SPEAKER_R: for like another 10% or 1% than they actually are interested. And they usually problem. They were like, Oh my cousins, an engineer, he does this. And then I'm like, I don't build bridges or like, oh, I don't like fix an arm or I don't know how to fix your car. Oh, I don't know what's wrong with your washer. But like, yeah, I do become with engineering.
SPEAKER_L: that's pretty cool.
SPEAKER_R: And a
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: volunteer
SPEAKER_L: want to?
SPEAKER_R: at a lab in
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: my spare time too.
SPEAKER_L: that's not
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: point.
SPEAKER_R: always fun.
SPEAKER_L: That's really
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. Yeah. The research
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: yourself.
SPEAKER_R: I'm looking into right now is about solar feels funny because the last interview that I talked to about someone or talked with the first person over here because I only did it once. So far. The first time I think I messed up because I missed the time. And then like then
SPEAKER_L: Something
SPEAKER_R: the second
SPEAKER_L: this time, Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: talk to the guy, a gentleman chuck and he was in Minnesota or something like that. No, I thought where he was from anyways. I talked about solar fuels and the issues with energy grid. So that was a fun topic. And uh, enlightening for him. I think a lot of people don't know where energy comes from, you just turn on a switch and then they're like good enough for me.
SPEAKER_L: How far along are you in school? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So this is it for you,
SPEAKER_R: I mean I guess yeah, I mean like it's it's hard to say exactly like if it's it for me or not, there's always options to figure out if I want to move forward, pass that etcetera etcetera. So.
SPEAKER_L: Wouldn't you have to, if you want to work in engineering, go possibly get your masters?
SPEAKER_R: No, not necessarily. I know plenty of people that go past it, don't go past it and I end up not the same place but end up in the industry. I know people that graduated ahead of me that are working in industry and stuff like that already they work at. There's a lot of opportunities for engineers with bachelor's, it's tougher for people with other degrees like Chemistry Biology. Um But softer sciences have opportunities, psychology may maybe not so much. Um It just depends on the industry and with what saturated what's not. And a lot of the bachelors end up being technicians though. So like it's the idea behind like whether or not you want to be the one running experiments are the ones telling people to run to say for example I want you to do a versus you are doing a. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I understand.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it's up to the persons and the journey.
SPEAKER_L: I got
SPEAKER_R: There's nothing wrong with either one. It's more like what what do you find interesting, what do you want to get out of it? And so.
SPEAKER_L: are you from California?
SPEAKER_R: I could I am from California. Yeah. Born and raised. W so cal baby. What uh what are you doing in England business
SPEAKER_L: I own
SPEAKER_R: failure?
SPEAKER_L: it, well, we own a second home there and my daughter had gone to university in England and I've been, I had an advanced degree from England and it's just so I just end up spending a lot of time there and I just sort of felt like this was kind of an interesting social space that I could either have a really enjoyable time. And when they started opening things up in England I grabbed a friend and we headed over and we decided to do lots of things and do things like go away every weekend and go to do some of the touristy things that we would normally never do because there were too many americans there, so we did crazy things like we went to Inverness,
SPEAKER_R: There.
SPEAKER_L: went to go look for nessie, I mean something stupid that I would never have done otherwise because it be five million americans, but we went up to the isle of Skye, um I went to weekends in north Yorkshire went walking on country paths. I just, that's typical english. I just basically enjoyed myself, you know, one of the restaurants went a bit B and Bs every weekend, did stuff that I don't normally do when I'm there. You know, normally I was busy doing other things, but I also did, went up to Edinburgh again, I used to go every, I go to Edinburgh every year for the front and if you know, arts at all, but I would go every year for a week for the largest arts festival in the world. So I just did a lot of stuff that I either kind of did or took advantage of. I just really decided to make the best of it and, and then when I came home for a few weeks I thought you know there's a little bit more time before the days get too short and too chilly. And I could see that the numbers were starting to rise in England in the UK. So I said you know we've got a little bit of space left. So I went with a friend again because my husband's working like a maniac because since he can't get over it to Asia he has to do a lot of extra work here because normally I would go with him during the summer and I just really just try to do everything I could and it was just fun. I just it was just really fun. It was very optimistic during the summer. The mood was really changing especially last week when I started because I I didn't have to come on Tuesday. But I was really thinking, you know it doesn't feel good here anymore. People are getting discouraged.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's fair. I think for a lot of people just having the mental break in there, I guess there's their life is also a really good idea because I think that like for me when I was locked in for like three months or whatever, I think that like it just eats at you just being at one place, walked in and not having the ability to go do what you want to go do, so I completely applaud you for going out and doing it and enjoying your life to the fullest extent.
SPEAKER_L: Thanks. You know what? I actually came home March 22nd and my husband said to me stay in England is crazy here. I said I
SPEAKER_R: There,
SPEAKER_L: think it's a little like I said it's getting a little crazy here and I don't want to be stuck here. And it turned out that they locked things down so much. People were allowed out once a day for an hour and they would get tickets and it depended where you were if you were driving places like the police would stop you. I was so glad I got out of England was supposed to be on my way to spain. Instead I came home. So I ended up I gave up a trip to Russia, trip to spain, a trip to Colombia and a trip to Greece all got cancelled. But in the end I had such a good time at home because my husband and I hadn't been in the same building. We used to say things like maybe in Tokyo, that that would be our standard conversation, you're going to be here, I'll be in Japan, let's meet in Tokyo. So we would have that kind of relationship and so all of a sudden we were in this house for three months together and we had so much fun like it could have gone really strange, you know the other way. But instead we fell in love with our property. We had the best time we laughed. I don't think I have laughed this much you know since it started with friends with my husband. It just had for us. It was actually like this incredible. But we also had a very large space because we have very big house and it was really different for us. And we also made the decision, we can either make a great time of this or it can suck and we decided it wasn't gonna suck. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: No that's awesome, that's super cool that you're able to go essentially renew your love and develop your relationship. I feel like um that happened with me and my girlfriend, we have been long distance for a very long time uh was a seven years this year, so it's been quite a while, a lot of, I want to say there's a lot of issues
SPEAKER_L: She
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: just being long distance for that long.
SPEAKER_L: No there are
SPEAKER_R: but anyways, we were able to move in together and because of kinda making everything, it's been really nice, honestly seeing her every day and everything like that, lot of my work got shifted online a lot less hours, a lot of weird stuff than classes and stuff like that, but all of it that still like an end up spending time with her, so it's wonderful. It's great.
SPEAKER_L: isn't it? I mean it's it's where you find out if you have a relationship or you don't.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think for some people it's a it's a lot of uh you hear it either benefiting or you hear hurting, I really here somewhere in the middle where people just get along or anything like that and they're like, oh, it's whatever they usually, it's like one or the other. And I know that like for me it definitely it hurt initially because we definitely were getting on each other's toes with like how how we can go about our business because it's a very strong world, independent girl and um was that she just essentially, she lives her own life and we're both career driven, were very motivated to accomplish and do what we want to do in life and uh we don't really let people salt like standing each other or stand in our way and uh we just try to lift each other up. But the thing is that whenever that really happens, like sometimes, like there's conflict in like how we go about our business and our daily lives, like for example, we have a cat over here, these adorable little cat, but I didn't live with a cat and never grew up with pets and pets are essentially messes and stuff like that. That's just the way they are in the litter boxes cats have like, um you need to be fed and everything like that. And he wakes us up for food and then he also needs water and everything like that. And then you need clean his litter box. But the thing is this cat is ridiculous because he tracks later all over the place and we have a carpet. So you feel later. Everyone's from also at the vacuum every day. It's a whole entire thing that you have to kind of mentally get over. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: No I understand. I've always had dogs but we haven't had them for a long time but I stayed for a while with a friend of mine in Israel at a cat and it was that whole set of issues and there was always the tracking of the litter that used to drive me a little bit crazy. I think
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: what I used to do is my husband was used to being in his office and being with people who work for him. He would say I'm at the office and I'd be like I guess I'm at the office with you. You would sit there, are you leaving? Yeah I think I'll visit you with the office for a while so that we could get around a lot. But again we had a very we have very very large space here so you know we could there were many corners to go in. Um But I don't think it and by sort of by definition it could have been in the middle for people because because you spend so much time with him it was either going to go well or go really badly. I don't think it could just be if you spend that much time around somebody.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, understandably. I mean it's kind of one of those things that like you said, it does it does have some benefits sometimes that people do get drawn closer together. And I think that for me, I I I enjoyed it. I got a mental break. I think Um I was burning out a little bit, a little hectic. I'm not gonna lie, I put a lot on my plate more so than I put like 30 hours of work into a 24 hour day where I end up like tutoring, mentoring. Um Was a classes work, hanging out with my girlfriend. It's it feels like I'm trying to pack two days worth of stuff into a single day most days and I think like before pandemic happened um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I was going down a path where I was just like kind of self destructive. Besides I
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: I kind of lost track of who I was and I was just like work, work, work and I think that the fact that everything got paused, everything I put on hold, people got laid off, but then other people got shit 10 more work. It's one of those things that kind of puts your life in perspective as well as like I don't know it got me to take a step back from everything and I realize what's important for me, so I don't get
SPEAKER_L: Everything.
SPEAKER_R: burned out.
SPEAKER_L: I totally get it. I was supposed to be in Moscow shooting what? And I don't mean shooting with I'm a professional photographer and at first
SPEAKER_R: that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: I was really upset at the opportunities I lost because they were all pressed and then I was really glad. I just thought, you know, there isn't that feeling of because I reached the point where I was dreading working. I was dreading preparing my gear. I was dreading calling it, I was dreading interacting with people and I used to love it and then all of a sudden I couldn't work and it felt fabulous. It was like somebody took away the thing, at least for me, this is how I went through it that I used to love and I didn't love anymore and
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: now I'm so excited, except now everybody has maths on it and they're really angry or protesting, which isn't the kind of, I do, I used to a lot of festivals too, a lot of praise, a lot of festivals, a lot of marking fence and I can't wait to get back to working again in doing
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: didn't
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: love.
SPEAKER_R: you were, it's like a renewed love because you're forced to take it. Like I think a lot of people experience that to either they realize that like um there's a there's like a Reddit community that was following like it's called fire, financial independence, retire early. A
SPEAKER_L: I've heard of it, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: lot of people, I mean it's a good idea but like a lot of people because of everything that happened there like because I had enough savings, I can basically do whatever I want. This is 1/4 break, I'm just going to go like chill out for the year and then go back to work if I want to. If I don't want it, then I'm just gonna coast or something. And it's kind of those things that when you realize that if you have the opportunity to kind of get away from it and you have that security, it's wonderful and you don't have to think about it. And it's like, it's it's nice to have the security guys.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, it's absolutely imperative, especially as you get older and if you have kids, you absolutely have to have it. I'm the fire, the fire concept is very interesting to me because it definitely feels like that is for people who don't have a lot of, I mean the point is not to have a lot of things and to have money and to be able to have their freedom, but I think as you get older and I wondered how some of those people did during this time when they had very minimalistic apartments or they didn't have a warm home, you know, like a very, I don't know how to say it, but I think once you have kids at that idea is a little bit harder, you know,
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: I completely agree with you. I don't mean to cut you off. I just mean like my, so I lived both sides of what you were talking about. You were saying, what would you do if you didn't live in a warm home for me when I was telling you about how it's burning out. I actually lived away from my girlfriend in a bachelor pad. So I
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: was sharing
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's got warmer.
SPEAKER_R: well, yeah, exactly. I I shared an apartment with this guy that I didn't really know but like we're cordial, you know acquaintances type of thing. Um No furniture. I slept on an air mattress because I didn't want to buy a mattress because I knew I was gonna move out. Uh I didn't really take
SPEAKER_L: Clean.
SPEAKER_R: care of my health really because I was eating like ramen every day and like kind of just like it was in like morning till night. Like I was leave the apartment at seven
SPEAKER_L: Somewhere.
SPEAKER_R: a.m. Come back to the apartment maybe around 8 10, go to sleep, repeat everything like that. You know, it's
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: kind
SPEAKER_L: locations
SPEAKER_R: of one of those
SPEAKER_L: of
SPEAKER_R: things
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: that like
SPEAKER_L: airport,
SPEAKER_R: it will change rains on you and then now moving into apartment where she basically
SPEAKER_L: next
SPEAKER_R: furnished
SPEAKER_L: year.
SPEAKER_R: this apartment virus album. And um it's a lot more warm. It's a lot more cozy. It feels like when I'm off work or whatever. I'm at home. I literally know what you're talking about the before
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: something,
SPEAKER_R: after.
SPEAKER_L: there's definitely something to do that and so I've actually watched a bit of the fire movement because I remember, I would have probably have found that more attractive and I'm sure although they do have financial independence is really important and valuable and you always need a safety net and you don't want to work forever for other people. And um
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: but anyway, it is, it is a very interesting thing, but I was really interested in how people who the fire people, the minimalists and I'm somewhat of a minimalist, but not a real minimalist and all kinds of things that were all about A spare lifestyle and everything for later or for now for experiences all of a sudden when they're stuck at home. What did that feel like for them? Anyway,
SPEAKER_R: You know
SPEAKER_L: I think, I think we are at 25 minutes. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: it's all that bad.
SPEAKER_L: You know what I am going to bend, I'll say goodbye. So I'm gonna go to sleep because I'm very jetlagged to me. I'm eight hours ahead, you know, six hours ahead still.
SPEAKER_R: We'll have a good night. It was a pleasure
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: was really a lot of fun. Thank you so much.
SPEAKER_R: You made
SPEAKER_L: It was a real
SPEAKER_R: conversation.
SPEAKER_L: pleasure. You
SPEAKER_R: It's a pleasure.
SPEAKER_L: did, too. It was really and I wouldn't stop now if I wasn't tired and I wasn't actually about to go to bed before. It's like, oops, I I said I do this. I'm really glad we showed up.
SPEAKER_R: I'm really
SPEAKER_L: Me
SPEAKER_R: glad I met you.
SPEAKER_L: too. All right,
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: Bye.