I did. You don't want
nice to meet you on thomas.
I am in L. A. Right now.
Oh nice. I found in Chicago.
I mean I honestly don't know anything about Chicago. I just know that they're near Chicago and there's a There's a hospital that they live near or something like that. But I mean like there's like 1000, I'm pretty sure it's just that my sister was going to go to a nursing program out near Chicago and when she went there to go visit and check it out, she actually stayed with them. And then she was able to basically walk over there because it was that close. So I was like oh it's kind of uh yeah
I mean it's back to normal, everyone just kind of pretended like the pandemics over. So it's back
to usual so I don't know uh Is Chicago good
recovered again?
Not
Brown,
That's fair.
Yeah. I mean a lot of people are like that and then I just think over here, I just, I mean, I would say one thing and then I drop it, but the thing over here is that like people pretend like it doesn't exist anymore. So a lot of people in the Oc Orange County
just forget that like people just ignore, they like think that's a whole hysteria. I think it's fake. So they just don't wear mask. They don't do anything. They don't like it doesn't exist. So, I mean like, like I said, California is like usual, you know, just kind of back to the whole thing. I mean there's areas that's good and stuff like that and there's always exceptions more so than the actual rule itself. But I'm just saying that like back to,
I
don't fucking know.
Yeah. I definitely want to say that there was like a actually, it's funny because like I took a couple of surveys on the prolific and then there's one of them that was like, how often do you think about it? And then there's like a whole bunch that popped up recently because of this? And then like it was like, oh yeah, have you been like talking more about it? Have you been thinking about it? Are you more like anxious because of it? And like it kind of dawned on you that you're like, oh actually some of these things are true, like it does pop up or something. Let's talk about the weather. You're talking about like things
like that.
No interesting.
Yeah. The I have a lot of relatives that do work um like work and they like have offices in Asia and everything like that. They normally commute that commute sorry, but like travel every once in a while and the fact that everyone is kind of not grounded but more or less like you can't force someone to go travel that's
not part
of the
job right now.
They say anything with Korea to like the government like mandates that you stay inside a place that they monitor and then they give you supplies to survive for two weeks. It's got a nice but also like it's also kind of crap because you're literally like house arrested for like two weeks.
and
then
the
government does it and then
the government
doesn't it? Yeah because I remember seeing it and read it a couple of times and like this is what we should
be doing and then like I mean what we don't do is exactly the way we do the opposite of that. Well they fare over here dumpster
fire. Mhm.
Uh I'm a student but also at work, so I mean like I just listed myself as a as a worker for prolific and uh was that I work full time but then I also have a student so it's just easier that way.
Uh So I do uh like administrative stuff for education, so I'm a university so I'm like like I work for the business office at U. C. L. A. But I'm also like a student there, so it works out like, I don't know, I just take classes now that everything is online, it's so much easier. Easy transition.
No I mean like it's
just classes online so um they have like everything all the lectures and everything online and so forth. So it's not a big issue of like now homeworks easier turn in. I don't know, you have to have any like office hours and stuff like that are now like instantaneous. You have to walk somewhere. But it's also monotonous where you have a disruption of your day. So normally what you do is you go to
class or something like that and then you walk to your car, you walk somewhere else. You have a physical break in time, but now it's up to you to physical break up your time between classes to say for example, you're taking seven classes. If you go between lecture one and lecture like one for another
one, you just go straight to it because there's no time gap, your brain doesn't really like function like that. We don't work at a no break mentality. So. Oh
Well I mean some of them are, some of them are
I mean
I'm taking classes that are recorded just so happened that way. But they have a sink. They have synchronous classes to
I am studying engineering.
There's like a discipline of engineering that's really fun and interesting for me. Yeah.
I usually keep it vague so it doesn't like terrified people. But like chemical engineering, I
say
renewable
energy.
I don't know. It just like a lot of people like when they hear, I just say engineering because just like it doesn't happen like It to the, to the general population, they hear engineering, they're like good enough for
me
for like another 10% or 1% than they actually are interested. And they usually problem. They were like, Oh my cousins, an engineer, he does this. And then I'm like, I don't build bridges or like, oh, I don't like fix an arm or I don't know how to fix your car. Oh, I don't know what's wrong with your washer. But like, yeah, I do become with engineering.
And a
volunteer
at a lab in
my spare time too.
So
that's
always fun.
I don't know. Yeah. The research
that
I'm looking into right now is about solar feels funny because the last interview that I talked to about someone or talked with the first person over here because I only did it once. So far. The first time I think I messed up because I missed the time. And then like then
the second
talk to the guy, a gentleman chuck and he was in Minnesota or something like that. No, I thought where he was from anyways. I talked about solar fuels and the issues with energy grid. So that was a fun topic. And uh, enlightening for him. I think a lot of people don't know where energy comes from, you just turn on a switch and then they're like good enough for me.
Yeah,
I mean I guess yeah, I mean like it's it's hard to say exactly like if it's it for me or not, there's always options to figure out if I want to move forward, pass that etcetera etcetera. So.
No, not necessarily. I know plenty of people that go past it, don't go past it and I end up not the same place but end up in the industry. I know people that graduated ahead of me that are working in industry and stuff like that already they work at. There's a lot of opportunities for engineers with bachelor's, it's tougher for people with other degrees like Chemistry Biology. Um But softer sciences have opportunities, psychology may maybe not so much. Um It just depends on the industry and with what saturated what's not. And a lot of the bachelors end up being technicians though. So like it's the idea behind like whether or not you want to be the one running experiments are the ones telling people to run to say for example I want you to do a versus you are doing a. Yeah.
Yeah it's up to the persons and the journey.
There's nothing wrong with either one. It's more like what what do you find interesting, what do you want to get out of it? And so.
I could I am from California. Yeah. Born and raised. W so cal baby. What uh what are you doing in England business
failure?
There.
Yeah that's fair. I think for a lot of people just having the mental break in there, I guess there's their life is also a really good idea because I think that like for me when I was locked in for like three months or whatever, I think that like it just eats at you just being at one place, walked in and not having the ability to go do what you want to go do, so I completely applaud you for going out and doing it and enjoying your life to the fullest extent.
There,
No that's awesome, that's super cool that you're able to go essentially renew your love and develop your relationship. I feel like um that happened with me and my girlfriend, we have been long distance for a very long time uh was a seven years this year, so it's been quite a while, a lot of, I want to say there's a lot of issues
with
just being long distance for that long.
but anyways, we were able to move in together and because of kinda making everything, it's been really nice, honestly seeing her every day and everything like that, lot of my work got shifted online a lot less hours, a lot of weird stuff than classes and stuff like that, but all of it that still like an end up spending time with her, so it's wonderful. It's great.
Yeah, I think for some people it's a it's a lot of uh you hear it either benefiting or you hear hurting, I really here somewhere in the middle where people just get along or anything like that and they're like, oh, it's whatever they usually, it's like one or the other. And I know that like for me it definitely it hurt initially because we definitely were getting on each other's toes with like how how we can go about our business because it's a very strong world, independent girl and um was that she just essentially, she lives her own life and we're both career driven, were very motivated to accomplish and do what we want to do in life and uh we don't really let people salt like standing each other or stand in our way and uh we just try to lift each other up. But the thing is that whenever that really happens, like sometimes, like there's conflict in like how we go about our business and our daily lives, like for example, we have a cat over here, these adorable little cat, but I didn't live with a cat and never grew up with pets and pets are essentially messes and stuff like that. That's just the way they are in the litter boxes cats have like, um you need to be fed and everything like that. And he wakes us up for food and then he also needs water and everything like that. And then you need clean his litter box. But the thing is this cat is ridiculous because he tracks later all over the place and we have a carpet. So you feel later. Everyone's from also at the vacuum every day. It's a whole entire thing that you have to kind of mentally get over. I don't know.
Well.
Yeah, understandably. I mean it's kind of one of those things that like you said, it does it does have some benefits sometimes that people do get drawn closer together. And I think that for me, I I I enjoyed it. I got a mental break. I think Um I was burning out a little bit, a little hectic. I'm not gonna lie, I put a lot on my plate more so than I put like 30 hours of work into a 24 hour day where I end up like tutoring, mentoring. Um Was a classes work, hanging out with my girlfriend. It's it feels like I'm trying to pack two days worth of stuff into a single day most days and I think like before pandemic happened um
I was going down a path where I was just like kind of self destructive. Besides I
I kind of lost track of who I was and I was just like work, work, work and I think that the fact that everything got paused, everything I put on hold, people got laid off, but then other people got shit 10 more work. It's one of those things that kind of puts your life in perspective as well as like I don't know it got me to take a step back from everything and I realize what's important for me, so I don't get
burned out.
that's awesome.
what?
I
didn't
know
you were, it's like a renewed love because you're forced to take it. Like I think a lot of people experience that to either they realize that like um there's a there's like a Reddit community that was following like it's called fire, financial independence, retire early. A
lot of people, I mean it's a good idea but like a lot of people because of everything that happened there like because I had enough savings, I can basically do whatever I want. This is 1/4 break, I'm just going to go like chill out for the year and then go back to work if I want to. If I don't want it, then I'm just gonna coast or something. And it's kind of those things that when you realize that if you have the opportunity to kind of get away from it and you have that security, it's wonderful and you don't have to think about it. And it's like, it's it's nice to have the security guys.
No,
I completely agree with you. I don't mean to cut you off. I just mean like my, so I lived both sides of what you were talking about. You were saying, what would you do if you didn't live in a warm home for me when I was telling you about how it's burning out. I actually lived away from my girlfriend in a bachelor pad. So I
was sharing
well, yeah, exactly. I I shared an apartment with this guy that I didn't really know but like we're cordial, you know acquaintances type of thing. Um No furniture. I slept on an air mattress because I didn't want to buy a mattress because I knew I was gonna move out. Uh I didn't really take
care of my health really because I was eating like ramen every day and like kind of just like it was in like morning till night. Like I was leave the apartment at seven
a.m. Come back to the apartment maybe around 8 10, go to sleep, repeat everything like that. You know, it's
kind
of one of those
things
that like
it will change rains on you and then now moving into apartment where she basically
furnished
this apartment virus album. And um it's a lot more warm. It's a lot more cozy. It feels like when I'm off work or whatever. I'm at home. I literally know what you're talking about the before
and
after.
What?
You know
it's all that bad.
We'll have a good night. It was a pleasure
talking to you.
You made
conversation.
It's a pleasure.
I'm really
glad I met you.
Thank you.
Bye.