Mhm. Yeah. Sorry thank you. All right. Mhm. And another okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. No. Okay. Mhm. Yeah mm. Oh what? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Sure. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Right, wow. Yeah. That's right. Yes. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Okay mm hmm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. In other places? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Shit. Nothing. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Something. Well I wanted to talk to you. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh no. Mhm. Yeah. We're gonna get yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Something. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. I just want, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Nice. I think it's possible mm. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm hmm. Mhm. Oh yeah. Very much yeah. Yeah mm. Thank you. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Do you think hello? Hi. You're my third time. I didn't think anybody was gonna show up?
Well the first two times people didn't show up so I actually sort of forgot about this and then I saw an email came in I said oh no I can't go to sleep. I said I do this so hi I'm Bonnie, nice to meet you.
Where are you
Chicago
where? Mhm
So how's life in L. A.
What?
I
think so. I looked at our went to world dominator tonight and I was like whoa we're really we're like right after texas today I spent most of the time away in England so I've only been
back a few days so it's not my normal thing. I was gone most of the summer. I came home for a few weeks and headed back to England and then come back Tuesday so
it looks okay to me. But my guess is I would imagine people are alarmed but they don't seem to be, I have no idea. I have this thing where if anyone starts talking about Covid and they're with me, I look at my watch and I go okay Taiwan and then and then we're going to stop.
No, not with you. But I do that with my friends because I think a lot of them haven't been out so they haven't been out of the area so they kind of have gotten a little obsessed.
You have.
You
know
it is it's become our norm. It has become the normal and I didn't mean you couldn't talk about, I met with like with my friends who were really obsessed with it. Yeah.
Covid
or what it will actually because it's like what can you do? I started saying while I was in England that I can't go to a restaurant with somebody bringing it up or talk. It's also because it affected where we could go and what we could do. So over there. I think I heard about it a little bit more than I do here.
So for so for us it's just kind of because we're usually international a lot of the time my husband has a lot of work in Asia and so he's grounded so he can't get over to do his work. So that's been really interesting to be in the States as much as we are. Yeah.
Well
you
can't
but you can't get in like that's the whole thing. So for example my husband works a lot in Taiwan so for him he'd have to go for a two week quarantine in a hotel room And then he could start working. So it's just 11 a month. Who is just not happening?
A lot of places that have done that I I was heard about Korea. I didn't know if they made you pay for it yourself or not. You
know
it
depends
you
know in Korea.
And.
Mix.
what do you do? Are you a student are your worker like what do you do?
what kind of full time work do you do?
Well it doesn't sound like you're going very far if it's an easy transition like you do. So when you do online classes are you essentially just staying around or going home or? Uh huh.
Report?
discussing
So
essentially they recorded, in other words, it's not in real time,
this
is,
What do you, what are you studying,
go back?
What kind of engineering you interested in?
why
do you
think
so? Why would, why would that terrify people?
You
think that?
that's pretty cool.
You
want to?
No,
that's not
the
point.
That's really
this
yourself.
Something
this time, Yeah.
How far along are you in school? Yeah.
So this is it for you,
Wouldn't you have to, if you want to work in engineering, go possibly get your masters?
I understand.
I got
are you from California?
I own
it, well, we own a second home there and my daughter had gone to university in England and I've been, I had an advanced degree from England and it's just so I just end up spending a lot of time there and I just sort of felt like this was kind of an interesting social space that I could either have a really enjoyable time. And when they started opening things up in England I grabbed a friend and we headed over and we decided to do lots of things and do things like go away every weekend and go to do some of the touristy things that we would normally never do because there were too many americans there, so we did crazy things like we went to Inverness,
went to go look for nessie, I mean something stupid that I would never have done otherwise because it be five million americans, but we went up to the isle of Skye, um I went to weekends in north Yorkshire went walking on country paths. I just, that's typical english. I just basically enjoyed myself, you know, one of the restaurants went a bit B and Bs every weekend, did stuff that I don't normally do when I'm there. You know, normally I was busy doing other things, but I also did, went up to Edinburgh again, I used to go every, I go to Edinburgh every year for the front and if you know, arts at all, but I would go every year for a week for the largest arts festival in the world. So I just did a lot of stuff that I either kind of did or took advantage of. I just really decided to make the best of it and, and then when I came home for a few weeks I thought you know there's a little bit more time before the days get too short and too chilly. And I could see that the numbers were starting to rise in England in the UK. So I said you know we've got a little bit of space left. So I went with a friend again because my husband's working like a maniac because since he can't get over it to Asia he has to do a lot of extra work here because normally I would go with him during the summer and I just really just try to do everything I could and it was just fun. I just it was just really fun. It was very optimistic during the summer. The mood was really changing especially last week when I started because I I didn't have to come on Tuesday. But I was really thinking, you know it doesn't feel good here anymore. People are getting discouraged.
Thanks. You know what? I actually came home March 22nd and my husband said to me stay in England is crazy here. I said I
think it's a little like I said it's getting a little crazy here and I don't want to be stuck here. And it turned out that they locked things down so much. People were allowed out once a day for an hour and they would get tickets and it depended where you were if you were driving places like the police would stop you. I was so glad I got out of England was supposed to be on my way to spain. Instead I came home. So I ended up I gave up a trip to Russia, trip to spain, a trip to Colombia and a trip to Greece all got cancelled. But in the end I had such a good time at home because my husband and I hadn't been in the same building. We used to say things like maybe in Tokyo, that that would be our standard conversation, you're going to be here, I'll be in Japan, let's meet in Tokyo. So we would have that kind of relationship and so all of a sudden we were in this house for three months together and we had so much fun like it could have gone really strange, you know the other way. But instead we fell in love with our property. We had the best time we laughed. I don't think I have laughed this much you know since it started with friends with my husband. It just had for us. It was actually like this incredible. But we also had a very large space because we have very big house and it was really different for us. And we also made the decision, we can either make a great time of this or it can suck and we decided it wasn't gonna suck. Yeah.
She
is.
No there are
isn't it? I mean it's it's where you find out if you have a relationship or you don't.
No I understand. I've always had dogs but we haven't had them for a long time but I stayed for a while with a friend of mine in Israel at a cat and it was that whole set of issues and there was always the tracking of the litter that used to drive me a little bit crazy. I think
what I used to do is my husband was used to being in his office and being with people who work for him. He would say I'm at the office and I'd be like I guess I'm at the office with you. You would sit there, are you leaving? Yeah I think I'll visit you with the office for a while so that we could get around a lot. But again we had a very we have very very large space here so you know we could there were many corners to go in. Um But I don't think it and by sort of by definition it could have been in the middle for people because because you spend so much time with him it was either going to go well or go really badly. I don't think it could just be if you spend that much time around somebody.
Yeah.
What?
Everything.
I totally get it. I was supposed to be in Moscow shooting what? And I don't mean shooting with I'm a professional photographer and at first
I was really upset at the opportunities I lost because they were all pressed and then I was really glad. I just thought, you know, there isn't that feeling of because I reached the point where I was dreading working. I was dreading preparing my gear. I was dreading calling it, I was dreading interacting with people and I used to love it and then all of a sudden I couldn't work and it felt fabulous. It was like somebody took away the thing, at least for me, this is how I went through it that I used to love and I didn't love anymore and
now I'm so excited, except now everybody has maths on it and they're really angry or protesting, which isn't the kind of, I do, I used to a lot of festivals too, a lot of praise, a lot of festivals, a lot of marking fence and I can't wait to get back to working again in doing
what
I
love.
I've heard of it, yeah,
Oh, it's absolutely imperative, especially as you get older and if you have kids, you absolutely have to have it. I'm the fire, the fire concept is very interesting to me because it definitely feels like that is for people who don't have a lot of, I mean the point is not to have a lot of things and to have money and to be able to have their freedom, but I think as you get older and I wondered how some of those people did during this time when they had very minimalistic apartments or they didn't have a warm home, you know, like a very, I don't know how to say it, but I think once you have kids at that idea is a little bit harder, you know,
because
So
yeah, it's got warmer.
Clean.
Somewhere.
The
locations
of
the
airport,
next
year.
there's
something,
there's definitely something to do that and so I've actually watched a bit of the fire movement because I remember, I would have probably have found that more attractive and I'm sure although they do have financial independence is really important and valuable and you always need a safety net and you don't want to work forever for other people. And um
but anyway, it is, it is a very interesting thing, but I was really interested in how people who the fire people, the minimalists and I'm somewhat of a minimalist, but not a real minimalist and all kinds of things that were all about A spare lifestyle and everything for later or for now for experiences all of a sudden when they're stuck at home. What did that feel like for them? Anyway,
I think, I think we are at 25 minutes. Mhm.
You know what I am going to bend, I'll say goodbye. So I'm gonna go to sleep because I'm very jetlagged to me. I'm eight hours ahead, you know, six hours ahead still.
it
was really a lot of fun. Thank you so much.
It was a real
pleasure. You
did, too. It was really and I wouldn't stop now if I wasn't tired and I wasn't actually about to go to bed before. It's like, oops, I I said I do this. I'm really glad we showed up.
Me
too. All right,
thank