Hello? Hi, how's it going?
That's
so funny. I bet. How's it going?
What?
no worries. I can you can do that in the background. I won't mind if you're a little distracted. Um
It's yeah. Yeah. I love prolific because with the pandemic it's kind of like a way to make like a little bit of extra money because it's not like a bunch, but it's really interesting like coffee money, I mean that's enough. So
Yeah.
that's a I haven't
been getting any this week at all. I
don't want any this week.
Yeah, I'm in Oregon. Where are you
indiana? Oh my gosh, that's crazy. I thought this one was so interesting because I was like, it's like omega but like appropriate omega Well don't ever use Yeah, it's like not grow so medical but it's chat roulette I guess. Yeah.
This
is super interesting, but
I'm not doing if I keep looking it's because I have kittens and they are they really like to destroy stuff? Hello? Yeah,
they they like to really get into a lot of trouble obviously. So if I like look, it's because they're I hear them maybe where they're not supposed to be. So if I'm distracted, that's why. What's your name by the way,
hen I'm Hannah
meet shop.
Um I started at the beginning of the pandemic. So about a month ago. Yeah.
What?
that's not, I don't know if like we could do that. I feel like I don't know. Um
look it up but
Oh my gosh.
What?
That's probably why I don't get any. I'm like the most basic person. You know? Like I'm like, well I don't have any demographic I'm like pretty average with. I mean I like I have very interesting like things but like the surveys never ask me about anything that I really do like as a person, it's mostly just like what demographic I fall into. So I don't get, you know, I don't fall into a lot of what I would actually talk about
and then
I
Really? I'm not being awkward um Like because I'm I'm in college but I'm not in college really anymore.
But I
also
now I'm not broke so
on.
is yeah,
that is that is the idea. So I don't get those. I think so my cats are doing, I don't know if you can hear them. They have to
chase
it.
I will point the next time they come into the room because they chase each other back and forth, that one's just chilling out.
man, I can't wait until they get a little older. Um But yeah no, I kind of have no demographics, I feel like that really appealed to me because I'm not I don't really fit into that category because I already have like a career and I'm but I've been called, you know, so it's kind of like a weird,
awkward
you're Uh
Yeah.
I got I feel like you're very experienced on this site, so
Kind of boring.
I get
it now,
I get it now, so you're said you're a veteran that I want to ask you about
that a bit nice um and what you do.
awesome.
Most
most of my my age, so that's kind of
all my life has been his college and we're not college my whole life with just school so.
yeah I'm about to graduate from University of Oregon um in about five weeks, so the panda is thank you. Uh The pandemic has just ruined like everything for me
with call
it
Well
I mean I couldn't probably point out most of the midwest states honestly on the map either, but I'm more just kind of it's it's more about just getting a degree for me, I think that's really important so
I'm a commercial pilot.
get reaction a lot.
it does yeah it's um let's say I've got yeah a bunch of stuff everywhere all throughout the house of it but that's just kind of my um my thing in college doesn't really it's kinda held me back from that so now I can really pursue it more well not anymore because the pandemic but um
it will yeah and I'm like pretty I'm well set up and in the best way that I could describe there's one of the cats
yeah I'm like I'm not struggling for monetary reasons so I'm feeling I'm in a really really comfortable position thankfully in a very fortunate to be there. So
work. It's more of a mental mobile game you know with with being just really lonely and um losing all my friends kind of like instantly and uh kind of like everybody that I know struggling has been really hard to see that and so it's more of just like a mental thing in my head but I'm not outwardly really struggling.
What
what
mm I'm
little
bit,
I was
all
I was gonna say I'm a little bit I'm on that cusp of that generation because I didn't have an iphone. I think the iphone came out when I would well I remember it coming out and I remember dial up, I had the gumdrop computer when I was little and so I was like on that fringe of where? Um like I remember 9 11, you know, I'm like almost 20 I'm almost 23. So it's like my earliest memory was
like
I'm around that age where it's not as much of like, like I'm not attached to my smartphone. In fact, like I don't text people back ever, I'm a really bad like I'm not on. And
so
yeah, I'm like well I'm on that cusp generation where some of mine got hooked into it and then others are like me, so a lot of my friends and I aren't really um social media people um because I'm just like I'm right on that edge of the age that it came in
well.
I
just
don't,
you know, I'm so busy with flying and with school finishing up, it's just don't have time.
that's
so fun,
thank you. It is um it's honestly it is achievable if you play your cards right to an extent, but it is kind of a, not kind of, it is an extremely expensive thing to take on and it's it's extremely expensive.
more
and
it is,
yeah, I can imagine.
no,
I grew up in Orange County um so that's what I know and
where's
your
friend?
Very
well,
you're in an infringe money is uh you can't live in Orange County, you don't live in Orange County.
I know,
75 is pushing it, you're like you're screwed.
you can.
What different states have you lived in? Yeah. Oh
What?
For 30 years? 36.
I get no, not that little,
I get see I get that one, I watched the Simpsons, I'm not that
young,
that's true.
and
That
is is I've only lived into um just California
and then I moved back to Oregon for college about four years ago or so, and I plan on staying here, so.
I mean maybe too much so no
matter
what.
I don't know, I I need a little bit like I have the title commercial pilot but I don't have a job so I need like a little bit more,
you know?
Yes it is, I just got certified as a commercial pilot and then the pandemic hit about two weeks later and so that's a bummer. Uh so
I'm
trying
I don't have a type rating yet for any aircraft, like I literally there's no possibility because of the pandemic, you know like I was going to pursue stuff like I could if someone hires me and they give me a type rating than yeah, but um right now just whatever will fly, you know like anything that doesn't require type rating, I can fly.
For
17
that is so yeah, before I got my I got my certificate
and I was right.
kitty kitty hawk is or
Ohio wait I think kitty hawks in north Carolina where
they
did.
Wilbur.
Yeah, there's anything we can do to get tourism.
Mhm. Wait, which state you said not Nebraska. Ohio wait I Iowa I might
and they're all the my my mental picture of that area. Like I don't know where any of them are honestly, which
is really bad. Um
I think
here's the thing like you never hear news about like Iowa I have never heard you know I don't that doesn't just come up in the news, you
know
I
don't
like if I look up, if I look up on like the map, I have to like actually look up a map of the US. Um You know I look and I look at it over just kind of where you are and yeah, I couldn't, there's some acronyms here like M O is that Missouri
or what's Missouri? I see what happens in Missouri, You know Arkansas? What is Arkansas? What? Good? I don't even know what Arkansas looks like.
That's it.
You're like, I mean I feel like Tennessee or at least you're like oh there's like you know like country and Dollywood or whatever and you think you have like you have images that come to your mind when you think of some places, you know and even florida, you know you can with beach, you think of the keys.
Yeah, a lot of people, alligators, Disney world and
oh yeah, new york, you've got a billion different images and you know
what
purpose.
Of course, of course
like
you would think it's like all those Olympus has fallen or you know their dramatic pandemic movies where they take place like in the cities there's a reason. So is it, is it hitting hard where you are? Like how is the response?
What?
that's
that's,
we're kind of in the same quality. It's not um I mean I'm still being cautious but it's not, I'm not scared because so I moved from my college town to my new city and where I used to live like that county over the course of the first infection back in early March till now, we only still have 15 cases in my old county and you know, and so that's why I'm not as concerned now. I do think there's a possibility that I did get it um because my boyfriend got the covid toes and then I got sick at the same time, he got the covid toes and sick so he was thing and he was wheezing and tired and I had a really bad cold and he had these toe issues that no antibiotic could solve. So I think I already got it.
here we
are.
Well great. Yeah. Yeah. I think like we might have had a minor case of it. Um Yeah, I might get the antibody test if that that's kind of mixed news right now. But
I don't
know.
Yeah, exactly. So if that becomes the thing I need to do then I might do that. But
I think I already had it. I really think that we
both
me too. I see here's the thing like I was a germophobe before all this hit. Why like will not touch the gas nozzle. Well, Oregon itself, it's not self served here. They have to do it for you
lot.
I won't
watch.
It
read
I am touching I already been went off on an airplane near me like I was in Australia and this girl like a few months ago and this this girl had this cough and she wasn't covering her mouth and she was going and
I just I lost my mind of and I like I was already a germophobe. I already washed my hands. I already had hand sanitizer already wiped stuff down and so this just was like great
like you know like another
love.
I wanted to tell I was getting real close we were deplaning but I was getting real close. It was disgusting. I hate I hate being around sick people. So this is already like not helping for me. But I also already was washing my hands before this and
that's true.
discuss the thing
they like
put
and everywhere
and they crawl on the ground. No.
yep, that's
that's my same opinion as everything has a place and I make my bed every morning and
my college roommate um was a disaster. She was um she would wear and I don't, I mean if you like to do this, but you don't sound like the guy that would do this, but I would like walk in. So I'm also a health food as well, like fitness is really important to me and um you know, eating, eating good and so I would see her in her room, like her shoes on her bed, unmade should be eating like a pig and I just had the most like silent judgment that I felt for her. Like, I mean her shoes, her shoes, her bed and she'd be lying in there with her shoes up eating cookies out of a bag and I'm sitting here like, I don't even buy cookies like
from what?
mm Like every bad smell that a human could have and bad hygiene practice, you know, you've got probably bad breath stinky feet, stinky pits
Oh, I can't imagine. Yeah, I'd considered air force, but I didn't want the force part of the air
yes.
Well,
I was getting us to where your family's from in spanish.
cool. Yeah. So
not the current Venezuela, but older Venezuela. Oh
I got
to, I
mean geography has got the math, but aviation's got more math, so um
Well you can see my now you're doing the tax man.
it's worth
where's the timer?
I haven't been able to see it this
whole time.
Oh is that where it is or? Oh I see it yeah no we're good then. Um Yeah it's been great talking to you too. And uh
I wrote well
what?
better
up better up better up.
Why did I say better up? Oh that's the I was reading off that's like the company I think that we're doing this through. That's so funny. Um I read it off of the screen and then I was like oh what is that better? Okay so swag bucks.
that's
great.
huh. Oh that's the best picture rest of that and it's been great talking to you
and so
thanks
you too, goodbye.