Okay, yeah, wow, mhm Yeah, yeah yeah yeah Oh mhm Yeah, mhm God Is mounted anywhere on Earth, it's going to drift if we could simply get one of these, if the earth is spinning at one rotation every 24 hours, that means that every hour has to turn 15° and if the gyroscope is mounted anywhere on earth it's going to drift. If we could simply get one of these ring laser gyroscopes, we will be able to prove once and for all that, there is no rotation here. Yeah, One of the people in the community actually purchased, for for $20,000, but what we found is is when we turned on that gyroscope we found that we were picking up a drift. A 15°/h drift now. Uh huh Okay, mm Oh mhm mhm Oh yeah, Uh huh uh huh Right, what are your thoughts on getting small? Yeah, mhm Uh huh I'm thinking right, work tomorrow and then they'll get the stuff with my truck and at least do the baseboards and stealing tomorrow as well. Then pressure wash and do the floor the following day off. Or I have to go give a guy a quote up on West 71st at some point tomorrow so I could do that. Uh huh Oh mm mhm Uh huh mhm Yeah. Yeah. Mom and no. Mhm One what? Yeah, I'm going to go bid a job tomorrow, but it wouldn't be a big one. Mm guy. Sounds like a cheap ass but I will schedule it or thursday if he takes the bed and you want to make a little bit ball there Sounds like a single side or two. No.
You scared the heck out of me. I had, I had a different tab
open.
Um it's going good. I don't know how much information you have on this, but when I got
the email from prolific, I opened it. So I've been sitting here with this open for like 40 minutes. Yeah. So I was totally not. I'm actually doing a different prolific survey right now.
Oh, Are we just supposed to like BS for like 25 minutes?
It is my play money. That's, I've probably in the three months I've been on there. Made like $200. Uh,
I love the continuation surveys. Like I did one for six weeks. That was $15 American every week. So
no.
well there
where where are you at? If you don't mind me asking
Indiana.
So I've done some of these for other, I guess companies are universities or whatever, but it was text format. So we would sit there and chat via typing back and forth to each other For 10 minutes or what have you and I guess they're
taking it to the next level now. So
trump.
So
then like ken and barbie.
Nice to meet you. Uh
So how long you been doing prolific?
so I've been doing surveys and stuff for a little longer. I'm probably the cheapest person you'll ever meet. So free is my most favorite thing on earth. And when I discovered that I could be sitting here watching a tv show and actually making money, I was like yeah, I'll do that. So I started with swag bucks, You're familiar with them. Oh God,
I totally want to send you a referral. Uh I don't even know if that's like one of the conditions but oh
promoting a different survey site within a survey. Probably not. But
uh I I joined them in october when I started Learning about surveys and I've made like $800 since October off of them.
Um and then prolific. And so I've got like five different survey sites that I just kind of like prolific. I just keep the tab up whenever I'm home, but other ones will send me, hey you know, do this do that? Do you want to join this panel? I felt a lot of weird demographic
because I'm a veteran. I am of hispanic origin bilingual. Uh so I I get a lot of cool invites just based on those things, so probably why it's a little more look for me. But yeah.
And
lot
of things are consumer surveys, so like I'm a homeowner, I'm a parent, I have my daughter half the time. So uh all these marketing companies that are looking to sell lawn mowers and our kids shows kids toys, things like the health care, all of that. Uh you know middle class in terms of income owning a home, being a parent. I mean I'm right, right dead in the middle of what a marketing company would consider a target demographic, so.
And
y'all
are broke, they ain't trying to sell you all much.
No, but I mean your average
the mentality as college students don't have a lot of uh oh
you know, expendable income. So
I
didn't hear
that.
That is the most calm Pitbull you'll ever see.
So
since since we're chatting through a survey, so I I got to be careful how I word this. Um There are guides out there on how to maximize your survey potential um including
you know, like what demographics are being looked for and things like that as long as you're not doing things like this. Uh um Yeah
so it's worth exploring.
No I I got an army buddy of mine. He is a muslim. Uh And he's married two kids. Wait this dude makes my income look like nothing because his is such you know much more rare So he gets accepted. You know $40 panels here, $60
there left and right and I'm just over here like really? I'm the one that turned you on to this shit
I
want.
Bye.
Um. Uh Nothing crazy. Nothing very funny remove that. Um I just uh I grew up really really poor uh in a uh kind of hate using the term ghetto but a very low income area. Uh But I always had a good head on my shoulders. So I dropped out of high school my junior year when I'm Day I turned 17, I joined the army, got into Petroleum operations Fuel, which nothing happens without it. I'm just kind of moved up through the ranks. I used the army money too. I have two bachelor's degrees. Um, and
I did that for 18 years. I just got out. So Uh, relatively young when you say 18 years, you're like Holy Crap. But then, you know, I'm
only 36. So
And
I remember the struggle went to a University of Utah to get my first degree fun stuff.
The struggle is very real.
What's
your major? What? I got a D. In that? So yeah,
I've traveled the world, but don't ask me to show you where on the map.
Are you going to do it
fit that?
Yeah. No, that, that's like a bucket list thing for me and it, the picture in the back makes a lot more sense now,
Things will get back. It'll probably take a year for things to crawl their way back, but
hey, all right,
you are. It's, it's tough.
I, there's a generational gap here, so I hesitate to say this. But growing up, I grew up in a very unique era where there was free internet, you know, when we actually had to, you know, figure out where everyone was that by the stack of bicycles in front of somebody's house, all the way into the world of dial up in the tech boom and the dot com and all of that through the advent of smartphone social media, what have you? So I think um it's hard on me, but for those that, you know, have lived and died by that social closeness and the selfies, the pictures, the check ins that, you know, all of the lifestyle is like so much more fast paced y'all as a generation that you in particular. Uh,
yeah, I, I imagine it's so much harder for younger
people.
It's hard
argument
and
I don't do Jack,
but work and hang out at a pub a few nights a week. So like, so yeah,
I was guessing you 22-24.
So
you're
one of those.
I had it to stay connected with army buddies and stuff for a while
and it's just, man, I was on it all the time and I finally got rid of it. I have a ghost face book with no pictures like friends shared nothing just so I can access marketplace because I I love you love looking for a deal. But yeah, I don't really, other than my linkedin, I don't really have any social media
or
leaves
there.
I am insanely jealous about that. Uh You know I've I've looked at you know the cost of just getting you know the training and the basic twilight hours, what have you because you know working in petroleum Ops, I did aviation refuelling uh primarily. Uh no I mean I've done like C130s and things like that military aircraft but more in the helicopter range, your Blackhawks notes, Huey's, things like that. But I've always just looked at the pilots with the N. B. Uh I did work search and rescue, so I I got to right quite a bit uh man actually flying that that that is really on my bucket list, so
it's super
that you do that.
I think my the base 40 hours. It's been a few years since I priced it, but it was like $3200 for like the initial 40 hours or something
like uh that's probably been 567 years since I even price that. But we got a little uh just a little patch of nothing airport here about
an hour away that does it and it's called Sky King Airport. But and maybe it is cheaper because everything is cheaper in indiana by the way.
sir.
One of the cheapest places to live in the United States. I mean my mortgage is $690 a month.
So.
it's really hard when you have that geographical separation to
talk
money
because I mean 5th making 50 grand in Indiana's decent 50 grand in New York. Uh
your
homeland.
No you know you're getting
three hours to work.
That's one of the reasons that I came to this area is just the job
market and the cost of living. It's just amazing. So I've lived in like 10 different states. So this was, uh, kind of trial and error across the country.
Virginia, North Carolina, Kentucky, indiana. Ohio Illinois, California,
Utah Nevada and texas, wow.
I mean my father worked at nuclear power plants. He was homer Simpson. Uh,
that's what,
Well,
they just go on. That's hardly fair.
Um, but yeah, no, so I've been traveling like even when I go home to Virginia, they're like, you have an accent. I'm from here, but I traveled so much that. But
yeah, I got a good taste and then of course going military and have military. My, my civilian job has me travels. Mm Some
stuff.
No.
Well, I mean you're, you're going to get plenty of traveling in regardless. So
are
you trying
to be like american airlines like domestic international? What are you trying to do?
This is
time for that.
What
do
you rate it on?
The first image that popped into my head was the Wright brothers plane for like seven seconds or
whatever.
Like. There she goes.
I
got a job that's actually just a few hours from where I'm at. So work on.
Ohio. Yeah.
Well
the
home of not or vin. Who's the other one
there? There's wright brothers shit everywhere between here in north Carolina. Uh Yeah, we're boring in any, any freaking connection to history. We're all over it. So
So much advertising for corn you can do. So
in indiana
what?
It's it's perfectly understandable. A few years. Study like 76% of americans could not find indiana on a U. S. Map. So
I took,
I've
never met anyone from South Dakota. I'm
not
I'm not sure that state exists. It might just be alive. Perpetuated
very
Bill Clinton.
That's it. That's that's all I got.
Quarter man
crazy people.
I'm sorry to say this Covid stuff has followed. New york has just lived up to every movie
plot ever. In terms
of their their one of the epicenters. It's like yeah
I figured
Hollywood was going to be the other one just so we could get the whole trifecta between Seattle new york and Hollywood. So.
we are a matter of fact I have there's this uh N. C.
O. V. 2019 live. It's a website developed by a 17 year old um That imports real time data from around the world. Uh so we're at 3.7 million globally. United States is at 1.229. Um And I just because I like math. Yeah we are at as of today, three out of 500 people in the state have it. Right. So
I just used track. I mean, New York is worse than that, but per capita it really piques my interest. I said, I will not be overly concerned until infection rates are 1-3%. So we have 6.7 million people here. So I'm looking at 67,000 being infected before that, that reaches the lower threshold of my concern and we're a herd of that. So We're
at about a 3rd of 1% for the state. So,
But your, your demographic is like one of the lowest risk for that. I mean, I was down for a couple of days, dry cough tightness of chest and I'm like, hell, here we go.
But
yeah, I'm like, but then again, I'm immune to what happened to be typhoid, malaria, anthrax. Thank you. Army. I'm not very worried.
If
it
becomes main stream, it's still only for essential workers here. So
I'll do it out of curiosity.
I'm
pretty sure I'm rocking the antibodies. So, I mean, I do wear the mask and practice good hygiene, but uh, you know, people need to stay the hell away from me. But you know, I'm still out there every day.
yeah, I know one of the
best things about the state of Oregon. I, I knew that fact because you guys made the news during the last, what was it that caused people to talk about Oregon in their full service. But anyway, it's,
I
forget, I forget what the news was. But yeah, you guys,
we all need
to have that.
True.
What did you do with that
punching
the Clarinex? Maybe, I mean?
You know, being hygienic, that's, it's one of the first things the army teaches you is disease kills way more soldiers than bullets. So, so
having that beat into you forever. And then of course my daughter is four years old, so toddlers are just fucking nasty.
Not so
and they're
always sick. So, you know, it's uh
well,
I mean people come to my house and you know, I'm a single guy with my daughter half the time, but there's never dishes in the sink, There's never trash and the trash cans, You know, I live here because I've had friends be like, dude, your house is like a museum. You know, it's always know where everything is that, you know, To me that's just, that's how to live.
That's
it pays dividends. You're never flipping the house cushions looking for car keys or things like that, so.
I'll tell you what, you don't know. Seething hatred for other people's poor hygiene, bad habits, poor upbringing until you live in a barracks with 59 other eight year
old boys. Oh my uh, you have everything from residents stinky dude that like will not take a bath to um, okay. Just every, every bad habit you can imagine packed into one large dorm. Yeah.
Just all of it. One location.
You know, I mean, in terms of, it sounds, it sounds like you're doing okay, but in terms of paying for college, I mean, third generation american, I'm the first one to ever graduate. Uh, it actually inspired my dad to go to college and he got a degree after me just because he, he didn't like that, I could say that. So we're competitive. Uh But then my sister did. And so it was kinda, it had the effect of impacting other members of the family, which hopefully, you know, contributed to the group, you know, well being an improvement. So All right.
Oh, uh your your your
your video locked up. Sorry, what? Oh,
um, so on my father's side Mexico and then on my mother's like another generation to removed Venezuela. Oh
yeah,
Okay. Geography personnel. I didn't do that great in history either. So she got a math problem. You need me to help with? I'm your guy. But
but
I
my last position in the army, I and I was a company operations sergeant and all that means I don't really manage people. It's my job. I mean, you're talking barrels and barrels, millions and millions and millions of gallons of fuel from offshore barges through it. Pds pipelines all the way down to bag farms, tanker trucks all the way out to choppers beeps whatever and I mean fuel expands and contracts based on temperature and you know the gravitational influences of that on pipeline, you know, X number gallons per minute is a huge amount of math. So I actually fell in love with the work and doing that. So now I somehow that translates to me doing everybody's taxes now. Uh
What? Yeah, yeah, so I'd probably do a dozen people's taxes a year. Well Hannah, it looks like we're good on time. It's been really good isolated
chatting here.
What?
Go
back to your other tab?
Check out. Check out swag bucks. Uh
A lot of money from surveys, a lot of money just for playing games. You know, you download a slot
machine game and reach level 70. You get $25 and things like
that.
Swag bucks.
swag bucks and pretty much I just dump my swag bucks into amazon gift cards and then I get nice things for myself when I reach goals
without
growing out of pocket. You know how you can make like an amazon wish list? I put I put things on my wish list that you know 150 bucks. I'm too cheap to buy it. But then 456 gift cards later. Hey there's a gift for me. So
you too good look and I'm sure that you will find a a trend for your flying career so
stay
safe.