Okay.
Oh
and
yeah hold on, I'm just turning out my
volume. Okay.
Yeah I'm talking to my computer so it's not like die in the middle of shit.
Yeah it's like one minute before
I'm Hannah
nice to meet you too. That's a pretty unique name.
I
don't think that anybody named Angel.
it.
And
I don't have anybody get my first name wrong for obvious reasons. It's pretty it's pretty straightforward, but
thank you. Um But people get my last name wrong all the time, I'm not gonna tell you what it is. We're obviously
but they always pronounce it wrong and it's really funny, I just
let it go at this point.
I
have not, I the only time I've had to record myself in any way is once when it was actually a live, I wasn't recording anything, it was just me talking to my computer. Well they explained later and um and I was like oh you got me uh and then the second time I actually had to exit out of that, because they were doing like an interview and I can't, I have really bad social anxiety and I was just like, no, I'm done,
I'm getting out of this, so
Yeah, it's not it's not
for
me,
thank you, I try to be, I've done a lot of jobs weirdly that involve like social interaction, I don't know why I keep, like putting myself in these situations.
I try to I mean when I was in high school, I really, really wanted to sign up for the play, um they were doing the Crucible and I love the Crucible and I really wanted to be in it. So I almost like when my audition was going on, I almost started crying and it looked really real because it was, they were like, wow, great actor. You know
I was like I wasn't acting, are
you
what
new
york
well
what you were doing?
I agree.
it's better, I don't know if you're in uh the U. S. But it's even better for me because of the exchange rate. So more than,
I live in Kansas.
Yeah which is
absolutely,
thanks, it's absolutely in the middle of nowhere, but it's really
local,
I haven't
lived in Kansas my whole life. I've lived I've lived here for a pretty long time now. But um we actually only moved back when I got into high school. I my
father was in the military so we moved
all around. Yeah military.
Yeah we I can't for Kansas my home mostly because it's where I spent most of the childhood I actually remember and then we moved back when I was in high school, so it's pretty and we're still here, so that's Yeah. Yes.
Yeah, I am turning 21 soon actually, so yeah, it's uh Right before my sister's wedding, I'll be turning 21. Yeah.
Yeah. I did not know. So I had no idea. I was trying to wait figure at age, but I was
like, what
now?
My parents looked pretty young to like um people are really surprised when they find out they're actually up there in years because my parents were older when they had me, And so everyone thinks that they're like in their 40s or 50s and they're not Okay.
Yeah, of course. My uh a family friend of ours, have they adopted kids when
their
their Children, their biological Children were already Uh in their 20s, they were already grown and they decided to adopt more kids.
absolutely. I
read
the
Yes, I well know technically I so my contract expired um in july and I'm trying to find, well I'm trying to apply for internships right now actually,
I'm getting a degree in english and
I
want to be a literary editor with that, so I'm trying to do it uh
the top publishing companies right now Because
yeah, there in New York and
I
don't live there obviously, so usually it wouldn't be open to me but because of like COVID-19, they have remote now, so
Try and jump on that.
right. My aunt actually lives in new york. Heard them. Yeah, one of them
does,
I have a couple of times um when I was younger because that on is kind of crazy, like we don't really visit her,
she kind of is um but she is pretty notable as a like a true new yorker because she's been mugged like three times, but she hasn't lost anything, Does she like beat them up with her purse?
so
to essence of new york is
Yeah, not uh not the hallmark ones, but the they always are set in like new yorker stories.
Oh,
or
well.
I had to do a video for a class earlier last semester um because I'm still in college obviously and um I took that about I think I took 100 takes because I was like just a one minute video,
I just like I was like
I don't want my professors to like see my really bad side or like I was stuttering in that one and say. Yeah.
Yeah.
was pretty bad.
Um Mostly reading I actually have so many, but I have I moved from my apartment recently, but I had to part with my sister and we had to move because of Covid and I had to pack like all my books and bring them with me very painstakingly because
so many.
This
will
be
and
What?
I don't
mean
more.
My mom had a really hard time with all of her pregnancies too.
Yeah. And I was um I think I was actually one of her easiest, but when I was like a toddler I was terrible, I was into everything and my mom had the hardest time probably treating me to actually because I probably trained like really easily, but then I just decided I didn't want to do it anymore.
And
then
I just
Yeah. I told my mom I was already potty trained. I don't need to be very
straight, but you were like, I don't want to,
she
had to threaten me to get me to go on the toilet again because I wanted to go to preschool and she said she was going to take away preschool because the girl was like going the toilet. And so I decided that I was going to be probably trying to get
Uh
Yeah. Every kid is different. So it's hard.
I'm glad she wasn't being.
It's like, oh yeah,
I
So
I have, it's kind of similar to read. It's pretty much just reading again, but I play
like choice games online. Um where you just like, you read it and then you choose like some decisions for the character and
that's
so I like doing that.
I mean, I think the ones on prolific are pretty fun. Mm
I don't, I've tried several, I didn't really like any of them that much. I tried to enter to for a while and I decided, you know what, this isn't worth my time. I just don't, I don't like doing it. So I just stuck with prolific mainly. And I think I have like one or two others that and not surveys, but like other kind of um, like beer money type thing.
Uh
Yeah, they emailed me occasionally and so I'll just like pick it up when it happens, but I'm not really too worried about it because you know, I still have like, I'm a student, I don't really have many things to pay for it, so. Yeah.
it's um it's a trade off because like obviously I don't have many things to pay for, but I also don't have like any money whatsoever again but especially.
I'm graduating this may so really excited. Well if I don't fail a class but I don't plan on doing that, so.
No, if I want to give my MFA after that which is like master of fine arts, I have
no.
Well now.
Yeah, it's
like how did I do that?
Do you like a lot of those? I hear that doing like crossword puzzles and stuff like that. Like keeps your brain sharp pains like
studying how it like can um Oh gosh, what Alzheimer's like I can.
Yeah. I'm trying to learn a new language, but, but
what's
on the
dessert?
The owl. Yeah.
Yeah.
And
they have a lot of languages on there too.
And
I really feel like the United States should Just like officially have two languages, but we're pretty slow on doing really anything with language. Yeah.
um I don't know. I'm not, I am and I'm not worried about it. I don't know. It's kind of just like one of those things that feels pretty surreal. Well, and it hasn't affected me those far anyways.
If we were to get it like in our house, we probably all have it because my brother, I mean, my sister and brother are immuno compromised and my brother has autism, so he doesn't understand like the germs and things like that. So we'll probably all get it like instantly if he had it. But I don't
know. It's
And if we had
been,
if you had been like more on top of it, it would have been winding down by now and
And
all those people were like, on your beaches like,
Yeah. Yeah. It's hard to say what's going to happen. I don't, I know that like it's valid to be worried about like the economy, but it's also valid to be worried about like the disease with
And some people are still waiting on like their tax return or something. Like I'm still waiting on my tax return and it's not that big of a deal for me because I'm like in a fairly privileged position, my language. But I mean I found it back in like april and it's Now like, August two and I still don't having news on it realized looks like, yeah.
Wiles behind,
right. And the mail system is like,
won't be my gosh. And they're just struggling to even have people that are like there to send level.
And it all happened so fast because I remember back in february, I was not really concerned at all and I was like, yeah, it's just, you know, like a flu and it'll go away soon and everything will be fun and it's kind of scary now. But like, but um and I went to a conference back in february. Like, I went to a big conference and like, they had masks and um hand sanitizer and stuff like that. We were like, social thing. But I did go to a conference back in february and then like pretty much when I got home because it was um it was that, well actually it was it was March, but um I went to that and then I went on a class trip for uh like we went around the south for like a civil rights trip thing. Um And then pretty much as soon as we got back, everything was shut down and
the second we returned everything was shutting down and like they weren't allowing people to travel anymore, and I was just like thank we just like slid right in there.
I think that um you know like we will recover from it but it'll definitely take all and I mean some people are permanently affected by this, but um
And it keeps happening in the twenties, like what's with the twenties like 2020 and 1928 2017. It's like, what at like why is this just
cursed decade? Okay. I was telling myself
we all owe like 9 2019 and 2018 an apology because everyone was like, talking about how horrible they were. And I was just like In like memes on the Internet and things like, like we are 2019 and 2018 in a pocket. Yeah.
All right. If you want to log out, I think it's actually been enough time now. I don't
So you don't have to I don't have to take up anymore of your time.
Here,
it was nice to meet you
angel
work
for,
you
know. Yeah. And I also wish you the bus, but I'm not gonna say it as eloquently as you did.
it sounded nice,
but by good luck. Your son's plenty of tree.