Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay I think. Yeah wow. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's hard. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah it's weird. It's weird. Yeah. Hello?
Yeah.
You
hear me? Okay
no worries
Oh
Last 25 minutes.
right. My name's Angel.
It's nice to meet you Hannah.
Thanks.
Thanks.
Yeah it's my parents named me Angela Angela Don but they've never called me that. They always call me angel. Like why did you even need me Angela then? And
yeah so it's usually
easy people remember you'd be surprised how many people call me april though and they just I mean I've had I've had bosses after bosses. I mean april april like we're good.
I like you and I spray down.
That's very
And
right. Yeah you're like you got my first time. We're good. Too funny. This is kind of funny. I've never done this type of thing before for a survey. Have you done anything like this for a survey
before?
No
you're like I'm done well this has been so bad. I hope for you one on one, you know,
you seem
very
personable.
Well that's the only way you're going to get through it, you know? It really is and that's a good, that's a good trait for you. It really is.
Great.
Funny.
That's good.
Maybe that's what you gotta do, you know, you got to put
yourself
out there in that position and just so they will never
know.
Um I work from home, I have my own bookkeeping business and right now I'm trying to build it up still again right now. So I do a lot of just you know some online sales and been supplementing a little bit with surveys and stuff and just found me a terrific. A prolific not too long ago, especially pretty cool site. Mhm.
It's kind of fun. It's like, you know when you look at it and you're like, oh $11 an hour, okay, I'll take that one even for three minutes. You know, I mean you're still going to make it a good rate, you know that?
me too. Yes. Right here. Yeah. I live in florida. I live in florida.
Kansas.
My ex
was from Kansas. His family was Kansas city Missouri.
I
love it. I'd love to have the seasons. I'm so tired of I mean I've looked up florida pretty much most of my life, I moved to Georgia and then it made it to Kentucky, did my accounting degree there and then we moved back here. I live in south florida for a long time now. I'm up in the panhandle.
I'm
well
19.
Yeah, that's how we got here. We believe me from Tennessee Tennessee to hear but I was three years old so remember anything else? Really?
I get that. You look pretty pretty young. Were you like in your early twenties or?
good for you in my late forties 47. But like I'm I think I'm carrying it pretty well still.
it's
you
know it's so hard people I mean I see people in the 47 they look like 60 to me sometimes and it's like wow, what did you do your life? What's so hard? You know sometimes life is just harder on people for sure.
I had to be like me because I have a three year old, I had him when I was 43 then I had a 16 year old as well, big gap there, but I was already I was 30 when I had my 16 year old you know and now I don't know what possessed me to have a child in before it was do not recommend it, but of course definitely worth it, you know?
That's
awful.
That's amazing though. It is. I would and that is something I probably would consider, you know later on because I mean just I mean I love, I love being a mom and it's to give a child at home is just there's just so many out there that just aren't loved and I hate it. Yeah, it's very sad thing that's for sure.
So
what do you
do your job or anything?
Was your dream
I used to live
in one.
great money. Sure.
They like the right
or
if
great. Now may be a good opportunity for you to get that money.
Yes. We have new york's create. I went there once. My mom lives England Co for a while, her, her husband and excuse me, we went to New york city. It was amazing. I felt like I was at home, I got off the subway and I just felt like I knew where I was going, you know I mean? And I'm not even other big city, but it was, I loved it. Yes.
Have
you been there then?
Good God. Really? On.
Oh my gosh, awesome. Opening
evening. Not completely right now.
There's the old lady beating them up. It's just like in the movies. Right?
I know. Right. Yes. Yes,
most definitely funny.
Um I think what else I was gonna say yes. First time I've ever done anything like really live like this, I have recorded myself a few times for um I started like being a keto diet not too long ago and I'm
part of a couple of warrior made club and it's, you have to actually do video saying, you know, your purpose, what your lifestyle, you know what you want to do, why are you doing this? You know, why are you wanting to lose weight? You know the bigger picture? You know, and making you kind of just dig into yourself. That was a little hard. Um He did several takes a bat. I didn't send them the right one, like no, that ain't going very
guys
like I gotta make this count.
huh uh
huh. Go back through them all again because they're like, which one was it? That's what Bernie,
what do you do for fun?
how about it?
Yeah, I can imagine, I like, I like to read whenever I get in time and trying to make more time for myself lately to be able to read. And I actually did um signed up for audible because I'm like, if I'm laying there with my little boy, let them take a nap, at least I can listen, you know, to something do a lot of self help books right now. He's very, very challenging, very, very bright, but very, I mean he does everything that you don't want them to do and you I swear it's just despite its just like, you know, you say go left, he goes right, I mean, you
know, it
does
every single home, we are having the hardest signing potty training him right now and he, he knows how he can hold it all night long, you know, he knows what he's got to do, but he just won't do it on his own. You have to like literally set a timer for 45 minutes, you know, getting in there, hope that you didn't. I mean, I'm talking potty prices can be, it doesn't matter what we've, you know, or
not writing them at all. I mean, I maybe we're just doing this all wrong. My first was potty trained to 18 months and on this one and he's like
before in december, I'm like, oh my gosh, I hate him. He's just huge lazy, doesn't want to stop, take time, but he's so bright, you know, I mean, a really hard time coming into this world actually. Um I was full term very healthy pregnancy, but they tried to induce my labor. My body just wasn't taken to it. And I had my first child, totally natural, nothing at all. Just three pushes. He was out with my doula by my side and I knew, I guess my body just knew it wasn't right. So I wasn't progressing and they start putting the Pitocin in your body, there doesn't get enough oxygen to the placenta to regenerate for him. And all of a sudden his heart rate dropped into the twenties.
And
when they had expressed me into an emergency C section and he had severe meconium aspiration and destroyed islam's totally
destroyed lungs. They invited him to john Hopkins and I didn't get a scene for two days because I was laid up. I couldn't move or go anywhere and it was very touch and go. He was on ECMO for like almost a month, which is where they take away all the functions of everything. I mean, they paralyze them, they cool and brain down and they take away all of the functioning of their lungs are like they do everything for them basically. And he was so strong. Yeah. Let me tell you what, he is perfect today. He is perfect besides having a little, he does take a little bit of thyroid medicine. He has hypothyroidism which I could relate to me because my mom and I go with the habit, I don't think I would have been born with it, but it may have something to do with that. But he's he's amazing. He's just I know that so that's why he's such a pain in my, that is why I'm like you, if he was not a fighter, he wouldn't be here today. It would not be here today
as you.
they want to do it. Yeah, that's what
he's
like.
I'd just rather be right here. Why am I going to go and take my go to the bathroom
patient?
my
gosh. Absolutely.
Yeah. I've even don't play that card. I'm like jane, you can't even start school and have friends. I think you can't do any of that if you, you know, don't go too high. They're not going to sit there and change the diaper or pull up uh
four or five year old. Yeah. Don't get it. I think I just I told him I'm like maybe we just need to lay off, you know and just say, you know what, I don't care if you go or not. The bodies there. You're like you can do it. You know like that card for a couple of days, maybe that all little river psychology.
Yeah, I agree, definitely remind me of somebody so much and I'm sure I remember who it is. She was nice. I remember that and uh
Yeah you're right.
going so you
had you read basically anything else you do in your spare
time?
It's
it's
full.
Yeah. That sounds fun. And I would like would like something like that. Yeah I've been doing a lot of being no right now. I mean there's nothing to do. I can't even take him you know anywhere sometimes want to take him to the big park down the road and let him ride his bike around the track. Uh You know I'm just I'm pretty boring as far as I mean I do kids you know kids. I mean I like to go shopping by myself sometimes but you know not doing anything of that just going out for the necessities right now. And that's a um a lot of surveys.
and they're not too long so they're very good. I started doing a few things on them. Mturk amazon's when but you really got to watch what you know you're doing on there. I mean you can't waste time doing stuff for pennies but I've got a lot of survey sites, I've probably got about 20 different sites that I do surveys with and I'm putting them all build up, you know?
Yeah. No I never heard that terminology until I went on reddit and I was like oh yeah I
got uh they're a little less uh
and I can definitely understand that and I miss those days, mm. Mhm.
Well if you wanted to you know you could do more and that's just how you live, how you want to live. You know? Um Some people will go all out of, some people are just you know you're focusing on school right now I'm sure so the most important thing and it sounds like you're gonna do well. Mhm.
awesome whether your bachelor's or awesome good for you
that
way. You know you can you don't have to go right at it. You know I mean I didn't I was one of those people that I didn't go to college right out of high school. I tried and I was just too tied up and social activities and stuff at that time and I didn't go back 12 25 and then I got my associates through in a year and three months. And I've just I've been working in the field. I haven't never did take it any further. I knew I wasn't probably gonna get my C. P. A. Because I'm more focused on being a mom than anything and I can do a small bookkeeping business without all the extra. But I've got years and years and years of the experience at accounting book so that's what matters as long as you can show them. You are really I kinda regret night you know getting he's my Bachelor reserve. I know I could have done. I mean I graduated top of my class um summa cum laude straight four point oh with my associates
in the year and three months and I was working full time. I must have been like a real good gear back then.
No
I know I'm like I can't even imagine I can barely do a couple of you know things around the house and take care of bathing right now. I'm like put this on what happened to me. Get slower when you get older to you got to keep yourself keep your wits about you. All right.
something new.
yes. Alzheimer's Yeah, they're after had that too. I think that they said so don't go for a while but then I heard no, so don't get too complacent. I haven't really ever got into that though. All that crosswords though whenever I stopped to do them. But I think even just learning anything new every day, you know, as long as you find something that's it, keep your brain active.
What about doing
that
is
a duo do or whatever. That one app.
Yes, yes.
Um The name of it had it and I took it off my phone because I just wasn't using at the moment but it's pretty easy to start running that way because I'm
thinking
yeah, they do. And
then there's another one new one out now to I forget the name of it but I remember seeing that there was another one. Another shot. Yeah and I really actually would like to be doing it and teaching my three year old now because this is he needs to learn and I I mean I would do spanish obviously I mean because we're in florida and places in the south that's what they're going to be. The common other common languages you know spanish.
what do you think about another thing that's going on that?
Yeah. I do know some people though I mean that my husband works with that have had had it. He's the head of a steakhouse and very which is just about to go to work at Publix um in the meat department so that's much better. It will be a meeting and you're seeing there. But anyway. Yeah they have a couple of couple people are they had they had it. I mean he's freaking out. He wears two miles, he's sitting there gorilla on the line and we're in to maths. I don't know how he does it but he's like paranoid to bring it home to us. We live with and move back to come over here to be with my mother because she wasn't very well. So we live with my mom just and I do everything for her. I take care of her meds or visits to the hospital, all that stuff she doesn't hear very well either. Mhm. Um She's just scared, you know bring it back to her. My little one my oldest is with his dad and camp it right now waiting for him to come home and.
I don't
I mean I guess 90 90% of the people they say it's I'm pretty mild, you know, I mean just but I mean you think of all these people that are in the hospital respirators that just shows you how big the numbers are. You know, I think that I think the whole nation should be shut should have been shut down for like a month. I mean I think that
make
bad decisions as far as that goes.
we wouldn't have opened back up, you know like we owe florida opened back up too soon and I mean we're the top state now. I mean we were like nothing and now we're like flooded with it. I
mean,
yes, I know, just partying out. I mean like all these kids are, oh you don't have kids, no.
it's like a double whammy. I mean it's it's and you know, they just let the benefits expire for unimportant which is and I can't believe the democrats were the ones that said no we don't want to do the extra week. They want to, they were going to say let's do an extra week while we're trying to figure things out and then progressing like no but there's one pushing for the 600 a week. I'm like you're all these families, I mean it doesn't affect me that much but all these families that can't make it, you know week to week and they're gonna be hurting because it could be another month now for they come up with and everything gets into place, you know at the different um unemployment offices and their systems are also backdated and old that it takes forever to do anything.
is just so backdated now
and then they go to put out another stimulus check and then some people haven't even got their first ones yet.
How horrible.
it's working. And I'm like, I'm scared. I'm not God and touch the mail too. I'm like, okay. God, what if my post fans got or my newspaper when I go pick it up outside, you know, I'm like, I try not to touch my face or anything while I'm looking at it. And then I go sanitize my hands or my cancer is like dry because I washed them so much.
What?
No doubt. Hopefully. I mean, I just hope everything. I'm just gonna take a while for everything and the economy to come back to somewhat whatever normal is. I mean, mm.
Yeah. So many people have lost their jobs or businesses. I mean their lives, I mean family. It's crazy. It's like, I think it's like the biggest we've had now really, ever.
I don't know.
So much.
Funny. Yeah.
Oh yeah, it's like 30 minutes look at that. Yes.
No, no, no. I do have a few other things to get done. And now we got a 20 minute survey to do at the end of this. It was really great talking to you,
Hannah
you
as well
and what
she does best with you're success, your career and
my
I think I was just gonna rattling, but that was not an elegant. I'm good for that.
Thanks.
Thank you. Thank you. All right. Hi, sweetie.