Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. What's happening? Right. No nothing. Right. Happy. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah mm. Yeah. The contribution. Mhm. Yeah. The division. Mhm. Yeah. What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah I'm all over. Mhm. Oh yeah. Mhm. I don't know mm. Okay.
Hello?
Sure. No it's no problem. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you.
Hi.
sorry.
No I see a black screen. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. What about the rest of the constitution? Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah.
Yeah no worries.
Well yeah it's kind of very open ended from my understanding of the instructions. So
there you go. We can we can talk
about that is we're trying to figure that out. Yeah.
Mhm. I'm in Seattle.
Oh my goodness okay. Um Oh okay cool. Oh I got something there you are.
Um Well I um um work um kind of a freelance contract basis. I had left the corporate world about four years ago. Um And I wasn't ready to fully completely retire so I wanted to continue doing some type of work. And so I had done contract work and what not or whatever um for some time, even prior to leaving uh the corporate world. And so I decided I wanted to kind of continue doing that. Just work on some projects here and they're keeping it very flexible and open um related to the work that I had been doing um primarily and yeah, it just kind of continue doing that. So um that's the work is related to a metadata processing and management, so that's kind of what what I do project. That's yeah, that's a that's why I keep myself busy. Yeah. Yeah.
What do you mean?
I've done I've done a virtual one not via prolific. The another site um that's uh I think they're connected with the University of Chicago and they post um um studies um periodically. And they had one, it was similar to this and it's kind of interesting because the premise to set up if you don't mind me taking a couple of minutes uh
go there you go. Um Where again, you know, first you feel that a bit of a bit of a survey, you know, kind of creating a bit of a profile and you know, interests and things like that. Then they partnered meet with someone scheduled it for a particular time. Um The premise the set up was that um you had to read a short article um and then indicate whether you were an agreement with it or not. Agreement with the article was about the animal testing for cosmetics. Um So and I indicated that no, I'm not with that. I don't think it's a thing and shouldn't be. And so the person that I was partnered with the at the opposing view, and g the instructions were that I had to, you know, make my points, and when my my my partner made his points, that I had to make sure to express appreciation for his point of view, that I had to be very specific and say thank you very much, you know, for that very articulate expression I appreciate, you know, And so every time I had to do that, um So I'm like, okay, cool, so we start doing it, I'm doing it, and he's not. Um and I'm like, wow, that, and it kind of set me back a little bit, I'm like, gee what's up with that? He's not following the instructions, or just kind of go, oh, I don't get it, you know, whatever, as it turns out, his instructions were not to the the opposite of mine where he had, and I guess that was the whole idea is to kind of see what and it wasn't how it would kind of go, it was very interesting, yeah, so it was it was kind of kind
Yeah that was basically it was like yeah you can talk about whatever you want to talk about, you know, there was a possibility I think of, you know, some some suggestions being being put forward for topics, uh but uh it didn't didn't seem so so I'm like okay, yeah, it was just kind of chatting kind of kind of kind of go from there, so uh which was interesting to me because, you know, I was thinking about it, I'm like okay, you know, yeah how do we want to approach this, you know, kind of the generic standard way? Hi, I'm so and so and I live over here and I do this and what do you do? You know? And I like it seems kind of boring, you know? Uh what? That, but I'm like, well what do you do otherwise, you know, to establish some kind of context, to try to have a conversation, you know, now, like, well maybe we'll talk about this, the process which we kind of started doing, you know, you were asking if I had done something that was describing, because I'm kind of a little not fascinated but interested in that because for me, um, you know, in terms of in real life, this type of scenario, it's not something I'm very comfortable with it all, you know, uh and I'm really fascinated and impressed by people who like at parties and whatnot and whatever can strike up conversations with people. And so it seems so easy and so natural and you know, and talking about wearing me, it's like after done with high Yeah, I do this and how I'm not kind of like, that's it, I hit a stop point where like, okay, I'm kind of done. So, so yeah, so that's kind of interesting to me, you know, you know, from that perspective and a little challenging I suppose for me, you know, Anyway, so, but so yeah.
All right.
interesting.
That's interesting because I, because I had one kind of similar to that as well, although I didn't have to go through a lot of what it sounds like you went through, but it was that at the end of the survey portion of an older questions that I was answering, all the little exercises that I was supposed to be partnered with somebody um um to have some kind of a virtual conversation, there was no video involved, but that was, that was, and then at the end it was like, no, that's not what's happening here, you know, things like, so we told you that's what we want you to think was happening, but that's not really what ended up happening, like, okay, so yeah, so, but I guess I didn't have to go through uh a lot of what you had to want to do, so, Yeah.
wow, that's interesting. Yeah, but the fact that, like I said, you had to kind of go through all this preparation and what not, and, you know, do all this stuff that's kind of okay, so, and then never mind. Yeah, we were just kidding, kind of, kind of kind of Well that's that's that's interesting because there was one study that came up a couple of days ago, it sounds somewhat similar all in the same, same vein in that um um you had to pretend that you were actually part of an interview, you were interviewing for a particular job, you have to read the job description and whatnot and whatever, and then you get the questions and you have to answer as if you were in a in an in an interview and actually actually started it and I quit it because I just couldn't get into that mind frame into that, you know, interview kind of mode. I haven't done that for a long time and I've not been in that, you know, because I'm like, I'm not doing that anymore, that's that's gone, You know, for me, I just couldn't, it just felt problematic. I don't know, you know, I'm like no, no no no, I'm not gonna I'm not going to keep going with this, it's just not working out. So but the same thing via video is being recorded and what not, but didn't have any elaborate instructions or anything. I mean in terms of your background or what to wear with just like read the job descriptions, reporting and answer the question. So yeah,
there
you
go. There you go. So um Yeah. Yeah, so but uh see and I've got my point where I'm like okay, I've exhausted all my conversational stuff, you know, and then and what not. So
now I've been here about seven years from the east Coast, originally from new york actually. Um Yeah.
Um Well before we moved here, we were living up in uh Orange County, which is about an hour north of Manhattan. Um And yeah, I've been living there, I'm originally from Brooklyn a long time ago. Uh So yeah, one and raised in new york
and
florida. Okay, cool. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
Uh We lived on Long Island for a little bit um um at one point during, during, during during our lives actually, before we had moved up to Orange County, we were living uh in Long Island, so I was like yeah, we kind of moved around a little bit in the metropolitan area before we made the big move over here. Yeah, so
that's a big move. Yeah, but it was a good thing and then when the time was right, we were looking, you know, to make a change the family and I have been here, I've been here a couple of times actually and liked it a lot, and the family, like the two, we made a family visit and they liked it. An opportunity came up, um, shortly thereafter, interestingly. And I was like, what do you think? You know, we get this trying, everybody was on board. So like, yeah, let's do this thing. So yeah, yeah, it was kind of for people say, wow, you know, that's a big, that's a big deal. It's a big change. It's a big, I didn't feel like it necessarily at the time, you know. But then kind of thinking about, I'm like, yeah, I guess it is, you know, you really
routing
just kind of like, yeah, going all the way over to the other coast and a whole different vibe and a whole different thing. So yeah. But anyway, so it's been
okay. It's a cool place you should give it a visit.
It has become really, really expensive in the huge amount of change in the time we've been here, um, primarily because of the technology industry in amazon, of course, you know, and what not and what's happened. And so it's kind of become, not quite as bad as san Francisco, um, but kind of similar to what happened there. Um, so yeah, yeah, it's become, you know, kind of problematic and difficult for a lot of folks, you know, to kind of uh, find good housing somewhere within the
area.
Yeah. So, so that definitely is the thing.
Oh no, that's uh,
that's diplomatic. Yeah, unfortunately. Uh I said, I mean the way the way the way things have developed, but uh, but yeah, no, it's very, it's very beautiful. Um right now we're getting into our beautiful season where people, like I said, typical Seattle stereotype is whatever it rains all the time is. Right? So always, always raining and in the winter. Yes, that is indeed decay. But once we hit this time of the year, uh it's beautiful and sunny. It's like California weather. Um um right up until about october. Um So it's just, we don't see any rain and just sunshine and blue skies and it's it's a gorgeous. Yeah. So and people are surprised when I tell them that I'm like, yeah, I know we have a good stretch. I said then we hit the winter and then, you know, then in Seattle weather. But uh
yeah, we're still, in fact, I was just talking to talking to my wife. So the the uh governor issued or no other a couple of days ago that you have to wear face masks if you're going out or anyplace public or any place where you generally, you know, you know, encounter counter people that face make some must that's mandatory um where that were kind of coming out of the the the shutdown. So you know, we were kind of you know mandatory, you know stay in place, orders only go out for grocery shopping and the central and necessities and that kind of that kind of stuff. They started easing that off a couple of weeks ago where they opened up the parks, they go to parks and stuff and what not, and now they started opening businesses as well. I think we're in phase two, I lose track of which phase we're in, I think we just went into phase two in in King County. Um So yeah, that's kind of where we're at, so kind of transitioning I suppose.
Each thing.
interesting, interesting. Yeah,
I believe they allowed, they've allowed restaurants to open, I think that just happened a few days ago um and haircutting places because I didn't notice that hair hair place not far from us was opened the other day, so that seems to be that seems to be the case and a couple of other types of businesses, Yeah, but yeah kind of limited, so you know it's interesting and fascinating, isn't it,
wow. Holy cow. Uh wow,
I guess it makes sense, you know in in in sort of you know, I think the same thing, it's just hard to wrap your head around and try to make sense of it and try to understand and try to put it in time frames that you can kind of understand where it's like hitting a point where it's like back to normal kind of stuff, everybody talking about going back to a normal state and like yeah, that's, you know, it doesn't feel like that's really a thing necessarily. We're gonna get something, you know, that will be closer to what we know is normal, but not necessarily, you know, that.
All right. Well, yeah, all of the stuff that you take for granted you don't really, you know, worry about and all of a sudden yeah, becomes a logistical nightmare almost, you know, trying to do you think that because I've heard, you know, um just kind of off hand and whatnot or whatever that a lot of companies, you know, a lot of companies already had, you know, had, you know, work at home kind of policies and you know, and and we're allowing that and what not or whatever, but that is going to become more and more and more of a thing, you know, where it's like, you know, what we've been doing it and it works obviously, you know, so why not continue doing it? Because that does eliminate some of the logistical, you know, uh problems that you would potentially have to deal with. Um And I guess from the company's perspective in some ways kind of reduces their overhead as well, you know, so we're not gonna need all this office space and what not and whatever, you know, we just need, you know, minimal kind of kind of stuff. So I don't know, I I kind of foresee that a lot of folks are going to go that route, you know, just seems to kind of make sense. Yeah.
true, true. Um and I guess, I guess, you know, for me obviously, you know, like I said, I mean, I look at it as more problematic and more difficult and more, you know, for people, you're young people, um you know, for me and my wife, you know, it hasn't really been a huge, huge, huge impact. I mean in terms of sheltering in place and what, you know, like I said, I mean, yeah, we like to go, you know, movies and things and whatnot, but it's like it's not like if I never have to go to a movie theater again, that's okay, you know, going to France yeah. You know, we didn't do it that frequently and again to me it's like that doesn't become a thing anymore, but that's like I said, I'm 65 years old on this. So you know someone who is young, it's like that's that would be difficult and tough to kind of try to deal with that, you know, and transition into, you know, kind of a new new reality, I don't know, you know?
yeah, yeah, Right, that's that's that was one of the things I'm like, oh gosh, you know, if our kids, you know, if we were, you know, like I said, yeah, you know, young school age, you know, kind of kind of thing, wow, that would be a particular challenge for sure, like that. Again, something that we don't have to worry about what we don't have to deal with, you know, so so it's not that, you know, not that big of an issue, so yeah, wow,
People,
no
that was the case here, they opened up their they allowed to playgrounds to open up, just, just I think, I think the end of last week that happened, yeah, but uh
Keeping track of all this stuff becomes becomes becomes a bit of a bit of a challenge, but like you said, I know the zoo here, I think they're scheduling to open to try to open by um I think that by the end of june so that's that's obviously right around the corner libraries still aren't open yet and I haven't heard yet. I think they were originally there had been targets, they were planning to have been opened by end of May, obviously that came a win. Um
They're not open yet and I don't think that hurt any particular date. So yeah, same thing like is that the traditional summer activities and stuff, just not their kids, you know, so and I don't know what the plan.
Yeah, I'll go to that. Yeah and a half a day sure.
I can imagine.
Yeah. And plus a and obviously getting the books is the main part of the big part, but they're going to the library for the kids I think was you know, like I said, you have the kids section, you know, and they get to spend an hour or two there, you know, hanging out and just kind of, you know, wandering. That's that's a thing which you said you can't do that now. So yeah, the bomber. Uh well,
Not surprising that our conversation went went towards the whole covid thing. Right? How can you avoid it? And I kind of think I was one of the things I was thinking about two, oh my gosh, why don't we end up talking about that? Probably. Right. And that seems kind of kind of boring, you know, and whatnot. But I'm
like,
yeah, how do you not, you know, like I said, given the scope of it and given, you know, how it's affecting everybody, so Yeah.
No, it's true. I mean, and you could end up obviously, like I said, you know, from a, from a researcher, kind of a perspective of somebody who's into that kind of, you know, information and what not and whatever. My gosh, you can spend, you know, days, weeks, you know, kind of really doing that kind of analysis and then the impact on what you're seeing now, some of the states, like Arizona, we have family who lives down in Arizona what they're going through now because they obviously had loosened things up a while or facts, you know, talking to my brother in law. Like for them, it wasn't even a thing, you know, like masks whatever, you know? Yeah, social distancing, whatever. And now they're having, you know, these huge, huge spikes, you know, it's like, okay, well there you go, I guess, you know, so, well now, what do you do? And uh, so yeah, no, it's different, you know, the dynamics and I'm here and yeah, I didn't Washington, like I did a really, really, really good job where like early on we were the hot spot and then, you know, like I said, putting all the measures in place and like I said, it kind of became almost a non, no, no an issue, but you know, kind of mountains, they don't watch not and whatever and people are doing, but we had other issues, you know, like I said, with all the protests and things and what not, not all of a sudden kinda came to the forefront, you know, and more uh, because because the covid thing wasn't not as significant, you know, but manageable on under control, you know what I mean? So that wasn't the big news item, you know, necessarily. So yeah, you're factoring all of the other stuff as well, It really becomes interesting to, you know, look at it. Uh
no,
jeez
Oh, gosh, no, wow, so cool, that's me, cool, That's that's awesome.
got Cheeto, How shocking.
Really? Yeah, for sure, for sure. And don't you love, you know, doing that kind of, you know, parents speak, you know, you know, you look back on this someday and you'll be glad, it's like, wait, hold on, I
really saying that, you know, but
Exactly, Exactly. So neat, cool.
I haven't been keeping close tabs on it, but that sounds about right from, you know, when when we actually hit hit, hit our start point. So yeah, I'll go with you being more, you know, uh aware
and
that's a great question. Um you know, and and like I said, I've always been surprised, you know, and I've never, I don't think ever been, you know, kind of kind of accurate in my in my in
my in my in my in my assessment, I'm going to guests go with the generic kind of stuff in terms of, you know, like I said, you know, did I think my partner was engaged, you know, kind of kind of stuff. I don't know. What do you think? I'm curious that you have more specific thoughts
to me?
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly, exactly. Or if there might be questions, I mean, in terms of how we ended up, you know, kind of determining what to talk about. maybe some specifics, you know that how how it kind of, you know, I would kind of processed out so who knows? Yeah. I
don't know.
Yes. Yes. Exactly. And some of those, it's like my gosh, you know, I'm always happy when I see that they have a neutral option, you know? Because a lot of those like now
I'm right in the middle, you know, I wasn't really particularly happy, I wasn't sad,
I was just whatever when that's not there, I'm like oh come on, you know really? I got to make a decision
so I was slightly upset, you know? Yeah, it's nothing.
Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. I love when you have to kind of try to you know assign a number value right? You know like like I don't know. You know and and I guess I must have they take that into consideration because how can you really like seven or was I. N. A. I don't know. You know? So yeah, it is. It is a
So
remains
anything.
True enough. Yeah. You enough. No,
I would assume so. Right. I mean because if you're leaving it so open ended just hey, start talking, you know, we'll talk about whatever you want. There would be some interest in what what did you end up talking about? You know, kind of stuff. So, so I'm gonna if I had a better quarter, I would say yes, that would definitely be a question. So we'll see.
Yes. That seems to be the the thing. So I'm
asleep case
maybe.
Maybe. So what happened?
Same here. Same here. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
You too. Thanks a lot. Thank you.