Hello.
I think I have to switch my master volume. Hold on one second.
Hello?
Sorry, my sound wasn't on. Uh huh.
Can you see me?
me see here.
Sorry about that.
Yeah. I don't really know what we're supposed to be talking about.
Well maybe it'll take me the full half hour to figure out how to get my video thing working.
What?
I did this for my work computer, which I probably shouldn't have done instead of my home computer. So where are you located?
Oh, you're West coast. I'm all the way over in pennsylvania.
Mystery is solved. Yeah. Mm. So, so what do you do in Seattle?
So, um how long have you been doing these surveys
like with like or like the prolific stuff? Have you done these before? I've never done one of the virtual things like this.
I'll take your time. We have put a timer on for us.
So did you get instructions for this? Because my instructions were basically log on and talk for 25 minutes?
Well I did one study so I've done these for
couple of months now, mainly online ones where you just fill out the form. I had one other one that it said it would video record you and then it would post you and evaluate like your facial expressions. And I went through all this thing and you had to record yourself like five times. You had to read something and then kind of like respond to it five different times I think it was and then you get through the whole study and was like we basically lied to you this we didn't really you recorded yourself but we didn't post it anywhere. It was like that. I guess they were studying, I'm assuming the psychology of because they wanted to know how many times you re recorded it before you posted it? Um
You know what did you change from time from recording it to another time? And so you know like I made sure everything was perfect lighting and then it goes through all that for this time and I'm like well maybe there's not someone
it didn't think it only took like 20 ish minutes but you know they worked it out like well we're going to make sure your background is this color, make sure like um you're you're dressed in like business attire, like they told you how to prepare it and it's like you know if you're not satisfied um We're taking, it was something about like H. R. Interview skills and like they were doing something with facial expressions was the premise and so you take these five different things and where I work currently they actually have, your first interview is solely a video recording. So I thought well maybe it has something to do with that uh like a similar programming like that and then at the end there like no we had no this isn't getting captured.
so I didn't really know if there was going to be someone on the end of this when I logged in but then when angry your voice I'm like oh I'm
not
being this time. Mhm.
So are you um have you always lived in Seattle?
really? We're in new york.
My dad
went to afford them.
and my husband from Long Island.
Yeah that's a big move.
no
we moved
I've never been to Seattle. My cousin lives there but I've never been there.
He loved it. He says, well he just got out of college a couple years ago and so it's really expensive he said
that's any
problem on this team.
Yeah. He likes it though. He found um he works for an insurance company as an actuarial and he's been out of college now probably three years. And they actually helped him find like a roommate who was starting two uh because he's like I can't afford an apartment by myself and he didn't want to live downtown.
So.
So are you like with Covid are you guys are you are there any restrictions?
Yeah. We uh so I'm in western pennsylvania and how they did in pennsylvania was red, yellow green. And so we just went to green today. So green means like our restaurants haven't been open since March, none of our restaurants so they're allowed in green, you're allowed 50% capacity in a restaurant. Um And then like our haircut places haven't been opened. Um
Nothing really nothing if you have a business like um oh the small my parents owned a small business, they weren't allowed nothing if you had a store, you weren't allowed to be opened until um we hit yellow phase and then that was just for curbside pickups. So just today you're loud in stores except for like walmart and grocery stores you are allowed
so.
Yeah I um I actually worked for an insurance company and they sent us home, I've been home since March 12 working from home and they've told us we're not coming back till after the new year.
wow.
I know it's gonna be weird when we go back. So the office has maybe 3000 people in it. So it's a big big office and I think that's the concern is like how do you even get people up and down elevators, cafeterias?
I know, I can see that. I mean there's some pros and cons like I've also know you know, I think it was six weeks before I filled up my gas tank, I'm not going anywhere. Right.
Yeah. I mean there's definitely pros and cons to the whole thing. You know you spend more time with everyone like your immediate family, which is nice but my kids are starting to go a little stir crazy because they've been off school that whole time and not around friends.
Yeah. They start and some of the like I don't know about if you've even noticed like our summer camps aren't opening. So like they would do a camp at the zoo at our local zoo and our liberal Children's museum
and they can't space the kids out enough. So like even those activities, our playgrounds are closed.
You're not allowed playgrounds.
So they're allowed like random stuff like tennis is okay and golf is okay but like playgrounds aren't you know I have to check now that we went to this green phase today. I'll have to see if playgrounds are officially opened.
You're right.
I arrived very uh our libraries opened this week for curbside pickup but you're only allowed 10 books which sounds kind of like got a lot if you are an adult. But like 10 kids books is nothing.
Yeah. So but I guess it's something because they've gone through every book in our house like
they're done.
Yeah. They would We would we there are libraries, maybe a half a mile from our house. So we would normally go there maybe once a week, especially in the summer. And you know, there there's none of that. So
I
know.
I do find it interesting how it affects different parts of the country. Like that's what I'm most interested in is because like, you can, I feel like there's only so much you can talk about covid, like I'm kind of over. But it is interesting to find out like what are certain states allowed to do that I'm not allowed to do.
Yeah. My son is doing, his school offers these honors classes over the summer and he's doing an honors social studies class in government right now.
And I'm like, wow, that's a
perfect time. You're not short on the subject.
Uh Well he's in high school so he's like not real thrilled to be doing a summer class. But yeah.
Yeah. But it helps like spread out his schedule more next year to give them like a little bit of breathing space for some of his other classes. But I said this is actually you'll look back one day, not maybe immediately. And I appreciate that you're doing a government study in the summer of 2020 when so much is going on.
I know.
I know it comes around goes around, right?
So where we at we're about three minutes according to my timeline. What do you see? Uh huh.
Snow.
What do you think the follow up to this is gonna be, What do you think they're gonna ask us?
Maybe?
I
don't I think that too, I I've done a couple of the online surveys where they're at the end, they'll say, what do you think this study was about and but they'll never then actually tell you what it's about, and I've always wanted to know like, what are they really
trying to do here? I wondered that I wondered, I'm assuming there'll be some sort of follow up of what do you think it's about and maybe we'll never really know were their land rats?
there's
always like the emotional ones. Like, did you feel good wearing it? Did you feel bad?
No.
What?
Yeah.
I had to do one that was like a couple was like, over the course of I think three weeks, it was daytime one, and then it it like made you say, like, what were you happy about your day, where you sad about your day? Like, were you enthusiastic? But it was all a scale and I'm like, at what point? Like, I'm sure I go through every single one of those emotions in every single day.
Well, probably some of those, I'm guessing like, how we felt. Yeah.
I don't know.
I
don't, I guess. I guess we'll find out soon enough.
I wonder if it will ask us about topics, like what we discussed.
Yeah. That, and probably it did indicate like there might be followed like follow up surveys to this one.
So
I guess we'll see. Maybe we'll get partnered with someone else
done line.
well that was the timer. What was the meeting? You virtually
great weekend.
Bye bye.