Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I'm yeah. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah, mm, mm. Yeah. All right, thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Mhm. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. No. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm, expected coming party? Yeah. Just a minute. Mhm. Thank you. Okay. Yeah. What? Um Okay. Yeah. Yes, it's interesting. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Come on. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh.
Oh,
hello. Mhm.
Hi Amanda. I'm Emily.
Nice to meet you too.
Just 25 minutes of hanging out.
That is totally fine. I have a not alcohol, but I have both tea and ginger beer. So
nice congrats, Are you working from home?
Mm. What kind of teacher,
whom,
Okay. Mhm,
Nice. Are you fluent in japanese? Sorry? Classic questions.
wow. What a story, what section of the U. S. Are you in? Or what
state
north Carolina
usually? But this week it's just been raining nonstop. Like I went for a run this morning and it was just just puddles everywhere. It was like a light rain the whole time. If they're running for like, I don't know, four days straight or something.
I'm
No. So how's your pandemic life? Mhm. Mhm.
I was gonna say those are pretty.
Oh my word. Yeah. I've definitely been like thinking I'm definitely more introverted and more of like a game game board game person and like you know, still like missing having like groups of friends all hanging out. But like I've definitely been thinking and like my roommate is very extroverted and I've been thinking about the people who are used to like there their activity and fun and way of connecting with people is to to go out and how that has just been cut off and I'm like, I yeah, I can, I can't
imagine because I mean, I'm I'm still missing board games, but like we do that virtually.
That
yeah, yeah. And like wash the glass for you afterward.
I'm, I'm definitely missing like going to a restaurant or like, I really like to go, I'm not a big like, late night bar person, but I like to go during like a slightly off our and like read. I'm kind of, I'm that kind of person. We like sit there with my book and like a nice like craft beer or something or you know,
maybe just
chat
with the bartender, like folks who are there early, like right before Happy Hour or whatever, you know?
What are your favorite, what's your favorite music?
Me.
wow, that's fair. That's a fair assessment,
slightly
outdated
Girl. I have been all about the 90s playlists on Spotify. Like the one hit wonders to from that time I'm like all about
yeah, that's super fun. We have a local bar here that I like. That does karaoke and it's usually mostly like eighties and nineties stuff that people do for the karaoke or like early two thousands I guess sometimes too, and that's just a blast
because no one can say.
Mhm. Are you near a city or more rural or?
Nice, nice. We're like a small city over here. I would say like we're definitely like, I can drive 10 minutes and I'm like downtown but not like skyscraper downtown. I want to get to the, I'm like 30 minutes outside of Raleigh North Carolina and that's our like city.
Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. Any uh
what,
so
I guess tomorrow we start Phase two, we're technically in Phase one. So right now some of the parks have opened up so like although it's been raining but like last weekend we were allowed to start going to parks and other outdoor spaces and then starting tomorrow, apparently some restaurants will open up like half capacity but no bars, no movie theaters, no concert venues. Um So yeah, I guess tomorrow technically starts Phase two, I don't think I'm personally gonna like jump right out there. I'll probably like, so lay low for a while, I'm still working from home, so I'm kind of like,
Yeah.
Her.
Yeah. Yeah. Oh I think tomorrow our salons and stuff open to, which is that I want to like,
I want to get my hair done at some point.
my God, you're like so much cooler than me,
That is so cool, I love that,
a great idea.
That is awesome. That sounds
like a really sweet
celebration.
Just for
fun,
my word, they're so fun.
Mhm Oh, that's
and you
get
the summers off
well?
Whoa, whoa,
that is, that's a little nuts. I'm like, I tend to be more like, you know, be careful, but like that sounds nuts
and then run some numbers and see how the cases are looking.
Yeah, yeah, my partner and I do a lot of music festivals and we had some tickets to some already in the fall. We're gonna volunteer at some of the summer, like everything's been cancelled, like everyone throughout the summer, but when we had tickets to in september has already been canceled.
I've always wanted to go to a renaissance fair and I never have.
Did
you dress
up?
Oh, dang, that is so fun.
Yeah. And of
course all these things are like, these are all businesses too are like, these are all like sectors that are, you know music festival, like, I don't know what I'm trying to say, like sectors that need money and then,
yeah, like renaissance fairs, like bars like these are all,
Right. Same with music festivals. Yeah. Yeah. The clothing vendors, like jewelry, the food, specialty food,
like,
I
have
one very large one that covers a lot of my arm and back, but it's really just one.
Yeah, it took a few sessions but yeah,
Who?
so did you like get the print and bring it to the artist and then that
is the, that is awesome. I love that,
wow, I'm these, I want a lot more. They're expensive if
you
want
them done Rayna. Yeah.
You,
wow, that is a good deal. I think mine cost like It was two or 3 sessions and it was like
300 a session plus tip. So
overall expensive tattoo.
Right, but then if you want to tip generously on top of that, which I really try to, you
know?
Yeah.
Who wear like on your arm or back or?
Nice. My sister has not a pin up but a giant like um what is it? It's a medusa on her thigh.
I know different but also like a figure
on the thigh,
So
you
caught, you caught it? You caught the bug.
Mm What is that because of like the shape of the leg or like why? Why is it more easy to mess up?
They're
not the location. Yeah.
what draws you to that design specifically? Or like, what do you like about it?
you do like so much shit. That is so cool. Well, like I got animals. I ride my bike and go to the renaissance fair. Do you pin a modeling? I go to the aerial hoop lake,
japanese.
Like damn girl.
Mm I love that.
What
about your, what is currently on your bucket list? I haven't checked on mine a long time actually.
that's a good thing.
Night, but wait, Disney land not world.
that is so cool. I've never been to a Disney,
I bet.
Love
it.
Do they not?
So
it's actually a rule they enforce?
thanks.
Good luck getting to china anytime soon.
Yeah, one of my dear friends is in Italy doing her masters and so we've just been like face timing and like the first few weeks back in like, I guess it was like february that was hitting hard and she was just like all of her classes are online, I'm not allowed to go anywhere. Suddenly we're in lockdown, like I don't know how long it's gonna happen, there's prison riots, like people are breaking out of prison like and it sounded nuts
and then of course
a few weeks
later we were hit but
dang.
Oh yeah I guess that was the same with yeah my other friend she's doing her her PhD in South African history and so she yeah she's way cooler than me but so she was living down in South Africa and working out like doing research at like a historic archive, like a library or whatever. And like two days before everything got completely locked down there she got like a call from some us like department or something that was like you need to get out of there now like get the next flight out and she had to like fly back and then literally the country just shut down. Apparently they're very still like like regimented and sort of authoritarian and like apparently pretty nuts.
Is this in in education or
awesome? What kind of psychology?
What
are
Damn. So
what are you
doing like online since you're also still teaching at the same time?
What?
Nice. That's how
you found this study too.
Yeah. It's awesome.
That's
Yeah. Is it like the the I. R. B. Approval? Nice.
Ding. Yeah, I hope that works. I hope that process is smooth for you.
yep. Makes sense. Right.
And
then it
might be, yeah then it might be easier to get permission to work with minors too. Right. Yes.
Very cool. Mm. Well did we do our 25,
We started
it or
30?
Virtual high five.
party in works
together to make 15 bucks each.
yep.
Minutes.
thank
you. Yeah my whole room ceiling is all
I just I need the mood lighting. I like I need chill vibes especially now that I'm working from home. Like it's got to be chill.
nice. Okay. Mhm. Alright well nice
to meet you. Good
luck with your plans. Good luck with your PhD awesome.
And I hope you can get back out to dance and go to bars and go to Wisconsin and stuff soon.
Yeah maybe at some point. Yeah. All
How do we do we
just
we
just X.
That sounds about right