Yeah.
Hello.
my name is Amanda
Emily, Nice to meet you.
Okay. Um, I forgot like is there something specific we're supposed to talk about?
All right. Okay. Well, I have a little drink drink with me. I hope you don't mind.
I don't know. Yeah. No, I felt like I deserved a little drink cause I finished my work for the day, so I was like, I can have one.
Yeah, I'm a teacher.
I teach japanese, right?
High school students. So I have grades not, I had grades nine through 12, but my seniors are done as of last Friday. Yeah. So
it's not too bad. We just have to like, we record ourselves doing the video lessons and stuff and then the rest of the week is mostly just like greeting what the kids turn in and answering any questions they have. So it's not that bad.
It's okay. A lot of people always ask that. Um, basically, I mean like there's some stuff I don't know. Like don't ask me anything like super medical and what not like I don't know those kinds of words. Um But for the most part yeah my ex husband was japanese like not like oh like in America he was like literally I met him in Japan lived there with him and then we came back to the U. S. For a while before I got divorced.
I
am in Maryland. What about you
and you guys have better weather I think.
It was supposed to rain here like that and then it just kept changing, it was like now we're just gonna stay cloudy like okay whatever like
it just means my boyfriend can get more yard work done so
Well I just got my nails done finally.
Yeah we just like I've been that was like one of the biggest hits for me, like that's one of the things that I always treated myself to and it's there still shut down in Maryland. So my boyfriend drove me to like an hour into Virginia where there were some salons open so I could get my nails done. Yeah, I mean it kind of sucks because we're big like going out people like on the weekend, like we like to go to the bar and see like the bands perform and hang out with our friends and we haven't been able to do any of that since ST Patrick's day,
you know?
Yeah, we actually we have sometimes we do game nights with some of our friends, but the ones that we usually do to end up there actually like nurses and stuff. So there have been like worried about bringing something home and then infecting other people and so they just started to chill out. So we had uh Because we're allowed 10 people. So between after me and my boyfriend, we had eight people
come visit to celebrate my birthday. And we played like games and stuff. But it's a little bit different because I'm just like, I want to pay a bartender to make me a cocktail. Like that's what I want somebody else to make it for me.
Yeah. And I want to sit down in a restaurant and like be there for like when they do open stands up, I'm going to sit there for like two hours. I'm going to enjoy it. Yeah.
Treatment
like
that.
What a couple of bars like that where we're like friends I guess with like the bartender. So we like to go early to hang out and talk to them and stuff like, but usually I like to go out because I like dancing. So like my favorite is when they have a good band, like when there's a good band that's coming to the area, I like to go out for those because I know I'm going to have fun.
So I'm more like, I guess like Pop is like the one the way I would describe it and stuff
because it's different stuff that I hear on the radio, but I also like country music. So and then there's a couple of rock songs in there too. So it's it's very eclectic. Like basically anything except for I don't particularly enjoy rap music and I don't really enjoy opera. Mhm.
That's
about
My favorite nights actually though, when we go out or when they have 90s night. So they play all music from the 90s. Those are my favorites.
whatever happened. And I'm like, I don't know she did that one song.
Have
in the wall, like a hole in the wall bar that sometimes that used to do at least uh karaoke every friday night. And the last time we went. Yeah it's kind of it's always like you gotta play to the crowd. So I always end up singing like Shania Twain, one thing like that because it's it's I don't know, a little bit like a redneck bar I guess if that makes sense.
I would say it's like suburban area so it takes I can get to Washington D. c. in like 30-45 minutes depending on traffic. So it's not if I want to go be in the city I can if I want to go be in the country I can it's like 30 minutes either way.
Okay. We actually know where that is, vaguely.
Are you guys
under lockdown still, are you guys allowed out? Like
did you start one?
The you guys are ahead of us a little bit. We were they always like we could always go outside and stuff, but a lot of a lot of the parks were closed and now they're slowly starting to open back up but So we're technically in phase one but like we can't have none of the restaurants can open like even at 50% capacity yet. Um
basically like what changes basically they let other stores open up. It is the basic things they said like
Okay so retail stores can open back up at 50% capacity. That's like the biggest change um which is kind of disappointing because didn't really affect like the other stores, things didn't really affect me too bad because most you can still do online.
My last,
that's the other thing like I want to go to the spot. I want to get everything done like just fix me like this has been like inside cooped up and like we've got, um, I am excited though because since they did open up the parks like minded my boyfriend, our two year anniversary is next week. Thank you. So we're gonna basically hit up since the parks were opening. We're basically gonna ride, we both ride motorcycles. So
I like to do a lot of random shit.
Um, so we're gonna take the bikes and we're gonna go basically like hop around to the different parks in the state, to the ones that have like waterfalls. And we're gonna go see all the waterfalls because I've never seen like a real waterfall national.
Yes. And some of the hotels like open back up. So we're staying overnight near one of them.
So still
wait
for understood open. We were supposed to like, it really messed up like May. We had a bunch of travel plans. We were supposed to go to Wisconsin and that got messed up.
I
had, yeah. To visit his extended family like all lives out there and like his parents in like two years are moving back to Wisconsin. Like that's where the whole family is like from and Hits his grandfather's 90th birthday. Yeah. So like we were all going, I was really excited because I was like, number one, I've never been to Wisconsin number two. I've never been on a road trip ever. We were,
yeah, I've never been on one. So I was really excited about that. And then number three, it's like his extended extended family, which I've never met. So like that we're hoping we're going to be able to go in august, but we were supposed to go in May and I was supposed to, we're supposed to, I'm supposed to take a girls trip in july to think like Virginia beach or something like that. We don't know if that's going to happen like Yeah, the beaches and stuff are opening up so people can go on the beach, but it's like, we don't really want to go if we can't go to restaurants and the bars and stuff because then it's like, okay, I have a pool, like otherwise we can just go hang out at my pool,
that kind of thing. And then we have other plans in like september on october like we go to bike weeks um with like a lot of people and everything is up in the air if it's going to be, if they're even going to be allowed because like they already canceled school for the rest of the year. So
it's
like,
yeah, I have the summer self you sometimes
I teach in the summer at a kids camp but that can't like all the summer camps has been canceled. It's like this event is like in september and it's like, okay, well if they don't let school start back up in september because everyone's saying like, oh school is faith three and face three for Maryland won't start till january.
Yeah, I don't think we need that much time.
that's not, it's really far. I don't think I was like okay, give like each phase like a month.
exactly. Because I mean for us to start phase one we are, we had to wait for them to like hit like some two week thing where there was no races and stuff. So like I'm hoping things go better than that original plan because if school can't start then I'm assuming they're not going to allow big events like that, you know, because that's like an event where you get tens of thousands of people, obviously the bars and stuff can't open like, you know, nobody wants to go down there anyways because it's a beach town and stuff like that. They're big moneymaker during those events.
Well like some places are already canceling stuff and like the other thing I was afford to was the renaissance fair,
They're really fun like. Um So I've been twice before. Um The first time it was kind of like okay, I went with like family and then the second time I went with friends and I had a lot more fun with the friends because then it was like okay, we can drink, we can play like axe throwing and stuff and
I was
super
um so we went on, I did, we went on Pirate Day.
Yeah, so it was, it worked out, we plan to go on Pirate Day because we wrote the motorcycles and so it worked quite well, you know wearing pants and boots and stuff. But I really wanted to go again, I was like planning, but I wanted to be more like a fairy princess kind of thing with like a dress and like all these kinds of shit and I'm just like if they cancel it, I'm not gonna be able to do it, but I really want
what?
And
Oh yeah, because like especially a lot of the vendors at that do renaissance fair, they travel like around the country, they follow the fares.
so
does even even if I think about like some of the bike week people. Yeah, like most of them, yeah, some of them have like online stores and stuff too, but a lot of them do travel around to the different bike is like, there's a lot of different circuits that just have vendors that travel to different events. Like even like tattoo conventions. Yeah, I said about those because like, you know my favorite tattoo artists, like I have nine tattoos. So
like
my favorite,
I went like full throttle first time, it was like just do all of it.
Yeah. My boy, that's why my boyfriend said he's going to do, he has zero. Um Most of mine aren't really big, they're like here they're like one of my wrists and then like, but I've got my first one was on my ribs though, so like everything
after that been easy people. Yeah, I went with that. It's a paul prince. For my, I have two cats and a dog at the time that I got the tattoo, I only had the cats. So it's their paw prints. I haven't got the dogs, Prince. Yeah, but I will get the dog's paw print at some point added.
Yeah. So it's emphasized.
that was my first one. And then after that, it kind of snowballed and I got all nine within like a two year timeframe.
Well
that's
why
one of the reasons, that's why the tattoo conventions are nice. They usually give you a good price. Uh so on my back is my favorite tattoo. That's the one I got at a tattoo convention in Baltimore. Um the artist is from new york and he was great. It's a crystal heart and stuff. It's really cute. It looks like something out of Sailor Moon with all its like shyness but it's um She charged me like $200 and she thought she was like, oh it's only gonna take me our, it took her like 2.5 hours, but she still only charged
me 200 because they can only charge you whatever they quoted you, even if it takes
what
you got
and say even 300 a session isn't too bad. I've seen some that are more than that.
I
tried everybody pretty well because I'm like, if I tip well the first time then they're nicer to me the second time. Yeah,
that's like, like I always want one of the big tattoos I want is that's going to cost quite a pretty penny is I want to pin up tattoo.
I want it on my side.
I don't know.
I
guess you see like, um, I was really hesitant about it, but I also so like I haven't been able to do any of it during this, but like my exercise regimen, I go to a studio. I do pull fitness and like aerial hoops and stuff like that. And I don't know why, but it seems like it's just like a trend going through the studio. Like everyone that goes there long enough ends up with a thigh tattoo and
so
fun.
everyone, yeah. So everyone keeps asking me like, oh, what's your thigh tattoo gonna be? And I finally said, I was like, okay, that's why I'll put my pin up tattoo. But I haven't found an artist yet that I trust to do it because it's really easy to mess them up
the face it faces. It's not just like a face, it's a tiny face and there's no
easy.
Yeah, they're so easy to mess up because like I mean you can do a simple run, like they're called like sailor jerry ones. Um And those ones are less complicated, their more traditional like, you know, sailor tattoos. So there's not a whole whole lot of detail, but I want more of like a hyper not hypo real isn't like I don't want to be like realistic, I don't want it to look like a picture, but I wanted to look like, You know the 1950s 60s pinup ones? Like from a magazine kind of thing. Like
Oh because I do pinup modeling. Yeah.
I do I do a lot
of reason
because I'm very much like I always have like bucket list and I'm like I don't want to wait forever to do my bucket list, so let's just do them now
the
business
right now. I mean like there's nothing super crazy on it. Um because most of like the crazy stuff I've knocked off already. Um
I do still want to do a hot air balloon that's on my list. Like I, I've always wanted to do that and my mom was going to pay for me to do it, but she wouldn't do it with me and I was like, well I don't want to do it by myself. Like that's not fun doing it by myself. Um It's other silly stuff. Like, it's my goal. I want to go to every Disneyland in the world.
Well, so all, all Disney parks, okay, so let's say all the Disney parks. So been to, I've been to the one in florida, I've been to the one in paris and I've been to the one in Japan.
Oh, there's so much fun, so
much fun. Like I love it. I'm ridiculous. Like I'm a whole child at heart. Like if
I could
get away with dressing up like a Disney princess in the Disney park I would, but I'm an adult so they don't let you do that.
Yeah, because if you do it too well then people think like you're working for the park. Yeah.
The
okay. So only only like Children I believe like under the age of like 13 are allowed to dress up except for, I think they make an exception at Halloween like during their like Halloween party thing then I think everyone is allowed to dress up. But yeah,
so I still need to make it to the one in California and then there's one in shanghai and one in Hong kong. I gotta get to both of those.
I know. Right, okay. I didn't really want to go like it's on my bucket list but I wasn't super impressed about china. But I was, I did want to go to Italy like at some point and that's like in the same kind of book because Italy got hit hard.
pick up
you
know?
Yeah, it was real in Italy before I got here. Like I know somebody in Spain and like he was teaching in Spain and so they like because they closed their schools and like cut the contract, he had to leave the country,
you got to come back to us.
Yeah, I've heard some of those, it's like it messed up. So I'm working on my PhD to and and this up quite a bit.
psychology
well, so I was focusing on education. I was like and that's why it like, like I wanted to focus on high school students because there's not a lot of information because it's hard from a psychological uh standpoint, it's hard to get permission. You use miners first thing especially for a dissertation study like after it's a little bit easier I think like when you already have a PhD and like you're working for like you know a big corporation or or an agency or big name university. But when you're like trying to get your dissertation, it's really even harder. And I was really like freaking out about it because it was hard the process to get permission from like schools to use their students and stuff is very extensive. Then just getting them to agree to even let you start the process and I was
kind
of freaking out because I wasn't having luck and then I finally found like two schools that were interested in it and then Corona hit and I was like seven ish
because
of that.
Well yeah, so I've been working on my PhD online, but because of like all of that, if I wanted to keep doing high school students, I would basically have to like put a pin in it until this whole thing over, which could take a while and I was like, you know, academic research, you know, on stuff like that is the last thing on the minds of people that are, you know, in charge of schools and what not, they get so much
else. So I changed it to college students. Mhm. So I just bumped it up a little bit and I had to go through and like rework like a lot of paperwork and stuff and now I'm just waiting on like um the review board to get back to me so I can fill some more farms and what not. But because I did all of this, like I can do my survey through, I could do my research through prolific.
Because
yeah, because I was looking for uh well I've been on prolific for a couple of months now doing stuff for just extra money because I'm like, why not
money money? Oh. Um when I was looking for that, I found this and then I was like, oh well, because I'm not doing miners, I can use prolific and I can find college students through there. So I'm
like, oh, so I'm just waiting for the official, like go ahead and then my study and stuff will go on prolific.
So like my chair, like my chair and like committee member and stuff, I've already like approved it. So yeah, it's just like the I. R. B. People have to go through and be like okay either you need to fix that change that where we need to know more information about X. Y. Z. And then I can get approval. So I'm hoping within the next two weeks or so they'll give me at least some kind of feedback because I'm just kind of sitting about waiting
me too because like it wasn't like like having to change everything to college students and like the stress before that of trying to find schools for high school students. Like I went through all of that work and then it was like okay so I can't even do that anyways unless I feel like waiting a year. Which I don't because you you know, I want to be done.
like I'm not going to postpone it just because I can't do the exact thing that I want, the exact thing that I want. I can always come back to later after I have a doctorate and I can have somebody sponsor. It's something I can always come back to that. Like just do what
I gotta
do.
So I'm okay with it.
I don't know. Have you keeping track? I did not keep track. Um
I think
though,
it's almost 5:00. It is, It's 4:59. So I think we did 25 minutes.
But you want to
to you too.
Like all right. That's why I was like, I told my boyfriend I was like, I gotta go inside to go do this video chat thing. And he's like, what for it? I was like, well, it's $15 for like 30 minutes or so. I was like $15.15. Yeah.
I really
like your people lights by the way. Like the things we're hanging
out.
That's pretty cool. I like that kind of stuff. I think my boyfriend would kill me though if I tried it.
Yeah. That's why I'm just kind of on my couch. That's what I've been doing all of my work from. And it sucks because this is the seat that my boyfriend usually sits in when he watches tv. So he'll come in sometimes and just stare at me. He got in his spot.
No
there.
Thanks.
Yeah. I hope your music stuff picks up soon. It already sounds like most of it's a no go until at least september, but
so I
don't
remember. I think we
just
exit and then go back to the original thing. I think.
All right, I'm gonna go with that. All right. Bye.