SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. How's it going?
SPEAKER_L: Well well how are you
SPEAKER_R: Doing pretty well. Happy friday.
SPEAKER_L: differently and heated
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I'm Matthew,
SPEAKER_L: and brandy? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: good to meet you. Where you from?
SPEAKER_L: Um Near Houston texas. How about yourself?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Raleigh north Carolina.
SPEAKER_L: Very nice. What is that painting behind you?
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: Great. Modern.
SPEAKER_R: that is one of those widened paints, uh where you go to like a random location and they have like the canvas is there and you get to like, usually they have something that they've already got traced out and you just kind of painted in. But apparently my friends chose a cheap one where they didn't give you any direction whatsoever. It was just like here drinking paint. So I had no idea what to paint. So they just told me like, you know, use some tape and make some really cool designs. So that's
SPEAKER_L: I think
SPEAKER_R: why I
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: ended up coming up with thanks. It was, I, I definitely recall just sitting there just throwing tape together and being like, I don't know what this is doing. I'm not an artistic person,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, interesting. What kind of what do you do?
SPEAKER_R: I'm a CPA actually. Um so a lot of what I do actually isn't taxes, it's, I do financial statement audits of the public companies that are trading on the NASDAQ and whatnot. Um so kind of a nerd.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How do you like that 1?
SPEAKER_R: It's okay. Um, It can be monotonous at times, like a lot of what I do is just getting a list of things, choosing maybe 10 out of there and they give me a whole bunch of support and I go through and make sure that everything looks right. And so, you know, there's times where you actually sample like 100 of like, You know, a customer invoice and you've got to sit there and go through all 100 and look at all the minutes. It can definitely be monotonous, but it pays well. How about
SPEAKER_L: Good
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: to hear. Um I just finished college. I'm at home at the moment looking for work. Um Yeah
SPEAKER_R: What did you major in?
SPEAKER_L: I did biochemistry and the head of minor in Arabic. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: in Houston. That sounds like the perfect place for that. Huh?
SPEAKER_L: Well you know I don't really know i in the short term I want to be a teacher so it's a good enough degree to you know find work as a science or math teacher.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Do you wanna do that in like community college or like uh are you gonna call with the four year schools or are you thinking like go full PhD and become a professor?
SPEAKER_L: None of the above. I want to teach in schools. You know I have no issue with teaching in college but uh like you said it would require at least a master's degree and a PhD and I'm gonna I'm not interested in doing that. If the final goal is to become a, you know, a contract based Pageant professor who spent 10 years of his life trying to get a PhD and still can't get a stable job, you know? So I'd rather, yeah, I can be a teacher who has jobs, uh stability of pension etc benefits uh without all that, than I would do that, you know? Mm.
SPEAKER_R: that definitely sounds a lot less stressful and you know PhD programs are a bitch to get into, but then once you get in there you actually like don't get, you get paid but not enough almost paid to be poor and you're like uh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: and then incredibly
SPEAKER_R: did
SPEAKER_L: difficult to get into, and then you got to have your nation not only have much research experience, you know? Lots of that's embarrassing. You would say something.
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna say I did a bachelor's in financial services thinking like I want to do like a Wall Street or like you know figure out investments. I didn't really want to do like the retirement planning stuff, but I thought like stocks and bonds and all that would be really sexy. Um and I ended up becoming an accountant instead when I actually was unemployed for like six months back in like 2008 when the financial crisis hit I was in class is like my last semester. So all the jobs that were there just like dried up and so I went into accounting and I knew nothing about accounting and uh it was I would say like four years of I got into some pretty big companies and I was doing a lot of their financial reporting and I did not understand accounting to save my life so I could find a problem but I couldn't fix it. Um I ended up having to go back to school and get a second bachelor's, then get a masters then get my C. P. A. And it took like five years to go and
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: do all
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: hell?
SPEAKER_R: that. And I remember when I got my salary at the company that I worked for now. Um But you know back when I first started as like an entry level person and it was like $1000 more than I was getting paid before I went through all of that effort, I was like really? I did all that. All I got was $1000 really, what the hell? And they're like oh it goes up really fast, but you know, you gotta pay your dues and I'm like yeah, I already paid them like no.
SPEAKER_L: Two times over. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: that's wild. What, what was that like? Because like I just graduated into the, you know, under this pandemic deal. Maybe you have some experience, there's some, you know, words of wisdom.
SPEAKER_R: well it was interesting because so I graduated in december, I want to say it was December, December 14 or 15th, I graduated right before christmas, my mother was laid off, I end up going back and living with my parents, so my mother was laid off like a week later and then about a month later my father was so all of a sudden here is all three of us in the house with nothing to do. And so it was a really weird six months because um we're all just like sitting in the house, nothing going on. And there was a weekend where my grandfather lives in Maine and he goes down to south Carolina, it's kind of a snowbird to get away from the cold and snow and all that. Um and all of the family went to south Carolina and on that weekend my aunt who lives in Baltimore was like, you know, you can apply for jobs anywhere, you don't need to be in north Carolina to apply to jobs there. She said why don't you just take a vacation from your parents and like come stay with me and you know you guys can de stress. And so I brought clothes for a week to stay up there and I ended up staying about three years. It was just funny because I went up there just like on the first couple of days I was still applying for jobs in Raleigh and then just for fun I was like well I got some friends that are like in the D. C. Area like you know let me look at jobs here and I think within like a month I had a job in D. C. So that helped a lot because you know their economy was still kind of, it's called booming based on the fact that government contracts or government contracting is so prevalent there. Um I was still able to get a job and they hadn't been hit as hard. But I guess that doesn't really help as far as suggestions for you unless you're willing to move to a bigger area or a place where you know biochemistry is more of industry. Um You know, there's oil and gas where you are, so I'm sure there's a whole bunch of weird cool stuff there that you could probably find if you want to be in that industry, but if you want to do teaching um I'm not I'm not too sure, it'll probably end up being like, you know, chemistry biology, geology, that kind of stuff at the high school level or something I can't think of. Um I don't know if I really have any advice besides uh take a vacation if you can, you know,
SPEAKER_L: This
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: has
SPEAKER_R: somewhere
SPEAKER_L: been,
SPEAKER_R: and just try to enjoy it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. This has been like a five month long vacation for me. I've just been at home will actually do whatever I want, which is cool. Uh
SPEAKER_R: You know after all those years of studying and kind of being taxed and I at least always had anxiety of like, okay, what's next? What do I need to do? What my next exam, it's probably pretty nice to just decompress and just relax and there's always time to panic at jobs. That's what I've come to. The conclusion of.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, wow. Do you feel like since working full time that you like you're learning less or you're learning more or like the like the or limited as a as compared to when you're a student?
SPEAKER_R: I would say I am my education and this will sound really weird uh almost didn't help me move from accounting into audit because audit, even though there are classes for audit, you really can't learn that in a classroom, you can learn like frameworks of how to audit, but until you actually get into our industry, um you kind of have to do hands on learning, so you learn about how to account for stuff and you learn the frameworks but actually applying them at your work uh is like a whole different ballgame. And they usually tell everybody who starts at our company, like your very first year you will have no idea what you've just done. Someone is just gonna say like audit cash and you're gonna go Okay and you kind of just struggle and you uh rely so much on your teammates because you're usually in like a group of 12. Um So you can rely on teammates to try to figure out what it is that you need to do to make sure that you know, we're still complying with auditing standards and whatnot. So it's like my education gave me the stepping stone to get into what I do. Um But I would definitely say that it's like two different types of education's like this one help me get the basics, and I can always go back to the basics when I need to, but like my current job is all basically hands on understanding how things work, and it's almost very infrequent that I go back to the principles to be like how does revenue work again? It's more like okay, I just went through all this work. Is the revenue, right? Um It's probably one of the most bizarre work environments I've ever been in. Um but I wouldn't necessarily say it's rewarding. I would say it is a great stepping stone in order to leave the current industry that I work in. Uh it's kind of known that if you put in like 3 to 5 years at one of these companies that I'm at like one of the big four firms, if you've heard of them. But if you ever do 3 to 5 years, there is kind of known that like at the three year mark, any of the public companies would be glad to hire you on like full time to take you out of audit and bring you like into the actual company. And then, you know, at like the five year and up. It's almost like public companies will seek you out and they will also, you know if you say, hey I want to work for X, Y. And Z. Company. Usually they will kind of create a spot until they have a spot for you because it's so hard to get people from this industry with that kind of experience because people just burn out very quickly and they don't make it that far. So I'm actually in my fourth year about to do my fifth year, so I'm pretty excited to leave. Don't tell them that though. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: And they burn out what other industries are are suited to having these people?
SPEAKER_R: Um It's more of so like private companies that do a lot of like complex stuff like they merge and acquire other companies for, let's say they are like investment banking or something like that or like the energy sector something where it's like super super complicated. You might want somebody like me to come in and work on your staff, but mostly it's the public companies because they have so much regulation that they need. It's actually like a requirement that you have somebody who is competent enough to be in that position. Um So they always have to have a C. P. A. Who has been in that industry who understands what they're doing and the you can actually reason their way in and out of what we call the accounting guidance, but you know the rules of the road, so it's pretty much any industry, any business is going to need an accountant but you know your local gas station doesn't need a guy like me, they just need a bookkeeper. You know somebody just to keep up and make sure that the bills get paid and people who owe you money have actually paid you. Um But you know companies that have debt or they have equity or all sorts of other weird transactions, they need. People like me who understand it. Um And even if it's something I haven't seen before, they know that I have the competence of the understanding in order to figure it out and make the right decisions otherwise, then there's actually people like me, the auditors who find your problem and we come back and say, hey, you messed up. Not only you have to fix this, but I have to write you up for this. So yeah, so it's like any industry really. It just really depends on the complexity of the businesses. Um But
SPEAKER_L: Um
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's uh it's been pretty interesting
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: little ride
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: for
SPEAKER_L: mentioned
SPEAKER_R: the past
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: 10
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: years.
SPEAKER_L: a lot of, especially for public companies, there's a lot of regulation that to deal with and we often hear you know in public discourse action by the government you know stifles businesses or whatever innovation or what do you feel about that like in your experience?
SPEAKER_R: Um The so it's kind of two fold. I would say that the regulation is good because I think it's really interesting because we talk about frogs so much and yet you never think you'll come across it. And I've actually been, I've been with this company about four or five years now and I've been on to clients that actually had fraud When that's found. I mean, you go from a team of 12 to a team of like 60 instantly and they bring in specialists in people, uh, you know, you wouldn't think that fraud would be out there anymore. You think that, you know, in the two thousands, there was a lot of it and you know, there was regulations put in place and people don't do it anymore. But the truth is that it's definitely still out there. So I think the regulations are good. I will say that. I think a lot of the regulations, the regulations are, I guess in the right mindset of what they're trying to go after, but they go about it the wrong way. Um We have a concept of like controls where like you know in order to prevent fraud, like somebody who enter something into the system should be the person who is authorizing that transaction. Because if I enter a $50,000 check to myself and then I authorized that $50,000 check, nobody else, there's no checks and balances there to make sure that That was actually a 50, a correct $50,000 payment to me. Um So that concept of controls is something that regulation really harps on but they don't say how to go about it. They just kind of say like you should have all the controls in place and the companies have kind of try to put the right stuff in place. But I find that when push comes to shove those controls get thrown out the door, it's like, yeah, I've got these in place, but you know, the ceo came to my desk and said I needed to do this so I did it and you're like, well that doesn't follow the regulation, you're not supposed to do that. And they're like, well what the hell was I supposed to do like high person who signs my paycheck now? You know? It's like, no, you're going to do it. So uh it's kind of an interesting perspective to kind of be like the regulation is in the right, it's in the right mindset, but it's just not defined as well, you know, you know, it's all to keep everybody out of trouble and from doing unethical things, but the truth is that I'll give you another example and that is like if you make a whole bunch of small transactions in your system, chances are I'm never going to find it, You know? So if you want to commit fraud you just do it $1,000 at a time and hello, I'm probably not gonna pick $1000 transaction, I'm gonna go for the multimillion dollar one. Uh So it's like there's ways to get around everything. So the regulations just need to I guess relaxed but also become more stringent, you know, they need to focus, I think this is a better way to put it. But um
SPEAKER_L: The you mentioned those two clients that you've that had fraud issues. Is it like the client themselves know that there's somebody fraudulent in their system or like it's all hidden from them or how does that look?
SPEAKER_R: Uh so the first one that I went to, I won't mention their name but I'm sure you could probably look it up. Uh They were a like a website analytic company that I would say very widely used um And what they were doing and if I can explain this, they were taking expenses and they were putting them like as assets as opposed to like, I don't know, I bought this pen for a dollar instead of just like writing off the dollar. They're like, oh, we're going to use this pen for uh, 100 years. You're like, are you really, no, you're not. But the issue with them doing that with the expense is that those expenses were then charged through to another customer. So let's say I would charge you with, You know, whatever my expenses were plus 10% on top of them. Well, if I buy one pen And I charge 10%, well, I made 10 cents, nobody cares. But if I capital if I went through and had hundreds of thousands of pens and it turns out that I don't know why I charge those pens to you. Like that should have, you know, I wouldn't charge a client money because I have a pen. Uh they basically took expenses and their income was wildly inflated because they were showing so much profit if that, I don't know if that visual kind of made sense, but basically its cost plus a fee and they were inflating their cost which was inflating to feed to their clients. Um and apparently nobody ever bought at it because they were doing such a great job for them. Um and it was only through a couple of procedures we did looking at expenses and being like, where in the hell are all these going, you know, why are you, what is this expense? And you found that it was like stuff that absolutely should have not been charged their clients and they were doing it anyway, so that was the first one that we found and that one was actually perpetrated by the Ceo and the CFO. Um
SPEAKER_L: shit.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I went all the way up to the top and I think what almost kind of ironic about that one is that we didn't
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: find it necessarily. Somebody called the whistleblower hotline the day before we filed with the sec to say like, hey, the audit's done, the financials are good to go. one of the employees called the day before and
SPEAKER_L: That's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: that. Yeah. And of course, when you call those hotlines, it goes to like their legal counsel, it goes to their C suite people and of course it goes to their external auditor. So we got to listen to it first to go what uh I heard about it because it was actually in our office and I heard about it and I was immediately taken off of the job. I was on and pushed over there and we had to go through like five years worth of financials and be like holy shit this has been going on for five years and we didn't catch it. Um So that one was really wild, but the other one was a simple mistake. Um They bought a company and got a bad valuation of this company, so they went back and had to restate their financials because it was found out that this company was clearly screwed up in the way they were accounting for things to make it short. Uh It turns out um by going back and looking at the valuation, it changed numbers all across the board and they did not have strong enough accounting team to figure it out. So they brought on all of these consultants to help them figure out the accounting while we were trying to audit their financials as they were fixing it. Um And it was a almost a billion dollar company. And by the time I was put on to that team, They had an entire, I want to say it was like 14 floors of this building. And they were down to one form because they were they actually got delisted because they never ended up getting it correct, getting their financials correct for their investors in time. Uh So they got delisted and their stock price went down. They just had to like lay everybody off. Um And I just remember talking with the controller who was like a contractor, he's like, I have no idea. He's like, you know, I'm trying to coordinate all these different things, but he's like at the end of the day, these are their financials, He's like, I'm just a contractor, I get to walk away from this mess. They can't. So I had this funny, I had many a drink with the controller. Uh You know because we're all staying there till like midnight and he would be like you know I'm staying at the hotel next door just like you like do you want to just go with me over there and get a drink and like we can answer your questions while we have a drink and I'm like yeah I do like let me ask. Uh so that that was actually still have the guy's phone number. He texts me every once in a while. But uh that was a bizarre situation. But um I wouldn't say all companies are filled with fraud but it's very easy to perpetrate if you just take a few seconds and think about you know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And it seems like even even a company like yours like the in the first case that you mentioned that they would have gotten away with it if not for the whistle blower.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's weird because one of the things that we're told is that we are trying to find fraud, like our entire job is not identifying fraud. We do procedures to try to see if we can find fraud, but it's not our sole purpose. We're just looking for misstatements. So if they deceive their investors, you know, we're going to do all of our procedures to make sure that there's not a misstatement, but if they've committed fraud, that usually it's almost always inclusive of two people, which would be collusion. Um, and that is incredibly hard to find, like there's no way you can provide any sort of assurance to an investor if two people are doing their best to hide it, you know? So, um, most of our front, and actually, if you look at like the news cases, there's one called Luck and Coffee right now where they had the same thing. Uh, it's almost always the upper level people are all working together and it's just hard to find, it's hard to identify. And even sometimes when you do identify it, people kind of write it off, like there's no way like I know these guys, they wouldn't do that. Uh let's reason our way around it or let's do this procedure and it's like you may have even found it, but you talked yourself out of it later on, you're like shit turns out that was right. So
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: it's,
SPEAKER_L: it seems like there could potentially be like a conflict of interest between the auditor and the the client if the client wants to perpetrate fraud like is there anything like that that like get
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: the auditors kind of you know, turn
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: intended, cheap?
SPEAKER_R: usually say that um there is a conflict of interest more because of the fee involved, you know, they are paying us directly, so if you think about it, it's not explicit, like nobody walks up to each other and it's like you better give me a good opinion because if you don't I'm not going to pay you, it's more like it behooves us to work with them on transactions. Um in the sense of sometimes will say like something is like reasonable or in a reasonable range and yeah, it is, but it's very aggressive if you think about like making my inflating my income, you know, it's aggressive in the fact that, like, wow, you're really pushing the envelope as to like how you're defining things in order to make yourself look better, who wouldn't, And sometimes we're right on that edge and we're like, you know what, we're going to let it go here, you know, if this blows up into a bigger thing next year, we'll figure it out. Um But that fee is talked about a lot with regulators and stuff like that about, you know, is that a conflict of interest, should the companies be paying into a big pot, that's, you know, say covered by the Securities Exchange Commission, and should the accounting companies apply to like get funding for that. So that way our money isn't held by client paying this kind of thing. So it's not, it has less influence over our decision making. But uh, so far they've done nothing about that. So it's talked about a lot. I had a couple of professors that are like, I have a feeling in our lifetime this will change. And when it does, you're going to see that this becomes a less profitable business at a more, let's call it budget based, you know, no overruns project management as opposed to, uh, you know, kind of like a profitable business. People are gonna drop out because they're gonna be like, you know, I can't make money this way because it would be hard to get approved for funds, but it seems, uh, it's changing slowly, but I'm hoping in a year to get out of this thing so that way I don't have to worry about it anymore and I can go and be on that side of the company that's like oh you found some problems, why don't you tell me what they are? Oh
SPEAKER_L: You're saying?
SPEAKER_R: man. Say
SPEAKER_L: I have a question about like my impression or the impression that I feel that a lot of young people have is that like business especially big businesses have the ability and resources and lobbying whatever to kind of corrupt the process of you know legislation or making regulations like that does have when the regulations are being made And is the regulation making process that all corrupted by the people who are going to be regulated?
SPEAKER_R: Oh you're you sorry it's cutting out, you might need to repeat that, sorry.
SPEAKER_L: All right. Uh My question was like two. It feels like young people are pretty cynical about about big businesses and their ability to like um corrupt legislation or making making regulations. Um So the question is like to what extent do businesses have input when regulations are being made? And are they able to kind of screw with that process at all?
SPEAKER_R: Um Absolutely and there's a really good example um if you've ever heard of Quickbooks, TurboTax um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I just watched Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: uh yeah into it which is like the parent company for all of those um is hugely influential in policy making. And I listened to a podcast a year ago about how there was a professor in California who I guess devised this new way to go about taxes where let's say you get a postcard and it's already filled out with your tax information on it and all you have to do is just review it and sign it. There's no preparation, no nothing like the state already knows how much money you made. It already knows deductions that you typically take things like that. Um and it just comes on a Uh postcard and it gets sent to you and they did like a test run of, I want to say it was like 10,000 people uh you know, for filing their taxes. All you did was got for your state tax, not your federal, you know, you got a postcard in the mail, you looked at it, you signed, you sent it in there were you know, everybody was asked Did you enjoy this version or doing your taxes better? And if I remember they said it was like almost 100% was like, this is perfect, this is amazing. I want to do this again next year, how can I get friends to do this? And he's like, this is just a test around like we're not doing this again next year. And they tried to get it through the California legislature and into it the second they found out about this was showing up at the professor's lectures and sitting in the back, They were showing up um at any sort of hearings of the legislature, they were in the background listening and taking notes. And all of a sudden all the senators who were, you know, for this legislation suddenly started switching 1x1. And they were like what is going on? And that's when they were like, oh into it, is going in there and probably throwing tons of money at them to flip their opinion on this. So of course it would benefit the public good. But you know what into it is throwing this and that is why I will never use TurboTax. And any time somebody asked me about what a great accounting software the first thing I say is don't use quickbooks. Um uh I uh I hate into it, they just bought credit Carmo and I was very sad about that because I had to find a new credit app on my phone because I was like nope. Yeah it's uh
SPEAKER_L: and I
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: I watched the the Patriot Act episode I think from a seminar on netflix, um It was also about TurboTax bottles for their uh their free tax filing thing and how they were
SPEAKER_R: Because.
SPEAKER_L: kind of screwy with that as well, that there was an actual free service that was hidden behind, like it was like a very obscure website that you couldn't really get to, and then there was like a free sounding one where you still have to pay if you had any complications whatsoever and you're in your tax stuff
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, yep. They they even lobby the federal Congress to make sure that the laws are at the I guess it's called the I. R. S. Code stays as complex and complicated as possible. So that way there is still a need for them. Um So
SPEAKER_L: wow.
SPEAKER_R: you know any time they put out something new they're like oh yeah great because now you need me to figure out how to do it for you. And uh it's just really sad and I think for the little guy, it just seems to me like they just don't give a crap anymore. They just don't even try to hide the fact there, not even trying to help The common public anymore. They're just like this corporation wants to give me 30,000. Well guess what, my reelection campaign is coming up, I need that. Let's keep
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: it crazy. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: It seems like ideally they'll be competing interests, you know like competing business interests that are just as big, like for example the company's I'm sure they would want to spend less on accounting services, right? So like wouldn't simply be really good for them. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: well it would just depend because, you know, taxes only one portion of that. Um and I think probably most companies find ways to lower their taxes, they just hire a tax consultant. Um It, the corporate tax will probably always be a little bit wild just because there's so many different tax credits and not only that, but there's so many. And you know, there's a local state, federal jurisdiction. If you are a global company, you've got tax and tax credits in Canada and any other country that you go to. So it's like yeah you could unravel the US want to make it a little less complicated but you still got the other ones and you still have tax consultants. Almost all of my clients no matter how large they are and some of them are some of the largest companies out there, they still have tax consultants trying to help them strategize like what the structure of the company is going to be. You know do I need to make this one in LLC as opposed to a corporation? And you know do I ship everything out of Ireland because Ireland doesn't tax um you know ah computer servers the same way as the U. S. Does. So all of a sudden you see you know facebook and amazon and all those guys all have these random server operations out in Ireland and you're like Ireland what the hell? And it's all because of that tax consultant was able to find something for them that helps it make it more advantageous. So it's like I think the personal one you know personal tax they could probably unravel and make super super easy um And I hate to admit this but the last tax reform that just went through helped that I would say pretty darn well for the common person just because now there's not as much that you can itemize, It's more like here's just a flat 12,000 and you don't have to worry about all the stuff that used to have to track and keep look at, it's still there but I should say most of it is still there. If you spend more then you know whatever that cap is. But I think it just helped you know people you know the common people who don't have complicated taxes. You know I think it helped them tenfold be able to do their taxes. I mean I did mind in like 10 minutes I think last year I was like wow. Even though I'm the C. P. A. I still don't understand tax that much. So I use H. And R. Block just like everybody else. Um But you know it's a I think they could clean up the personal but corporation tax they're either going to avoid it or they're gonna find a way to you know not pay it. So. Yeah I don't know it's uh it's an interesting world out there but we'll have to see oh man we are over our time I think. Um Yeah. Anyways uh well it was very nice to meet you and uh
SPEAKER_L: to meet you as well.
SPEAKER_R: I really enjoyed talking with you so uh
SPEAKER_L: I said I run your name wasn't Matthew.
SPEAKER_R: it's Matthew,
SPEAKER_L: Okay, perfect. Thank you so much for having me.