Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Okay.
Well well how are you
differently and heated
and brandy? Yeah.
Um Near Houston texas. How about yourself?
Very nice. What is that painting behind you?
Great. Modern.
I think
it
Yeah, interesting. What kind of what do you do?
Yeah. How do you like that 1?
Good
to hear. Um I just finished college. I'm at home at the moment looking for work. Um Yeah
I did biochemistry and the head of minor in Arabic. Yeah.
Well you know I don't really know i in the short term I want to be a teacher so it's a good enough degree to you know find work as a science or math teacher.
None of the above. I want to teach in schools. You know I have no issue with teaching in college but uh like you said it would require at least a master's degree and a PhD and I'm gonna I'm not interested in doing that. If the final goal is to become a, you know, a contract based Pageant professor who spent 10 years of his life trying to get a PhD and still can't get a stable job, you know? So I'd rather, yeah, I can be a teacher who has jobs, uh stability of pension etc benefits uh without all that, than I would do that, you know? Mm.
Yeah,
and then incredibly
difficult to get into, and then you got to have your nation not only have much research experience, you know? Lots of that's embarrassing. You would say something.
What
the
hell?
Two times over. Yeah,
that's wild. What, what was that like? Because like I just graduated into the, you know, under this pandemic deal. Maybe you have some experience, there's some, you know, words of wisdom.
This
has
been,
Yeah. This has been like a five month long vacation for me. I've just been at home will actually do whatever I want, which is cool. Uh
Yeah, wow. Do you feel like since working full time that you like you're learning less or you're learning more or like the like the or limited as a as compared to when you're a student?
And they burn out what other industries are are suited to having these people?
Um
Well
you
mentioned
that
there's
a lot of, especially for public companies, there's a lot of regulation that to deal with and we often hear you know in public discourse action by the government you know stifles businesses or whatever innovation or what do you feel about that like in your experience?
The you mentioned those two clients that you've that had fraud issues. Is it like the client themselves know that there's somebody fraudulent in their system or like it's all hidden from them or how does that look?
shit.
Well
That's crazy.
Yeah. And it seems like even even a company like yours like the in the first case that you mentioned that they would have gotten away with it if not for the whistle blower.
there
it seems like there could potentially be like a conflict of interest between the auditor and the the client if the client wants to perpetrate fraud like is there anything like that that like get
the auditors kind of you know, turn
intended, cheap?
You're saying?
I have a question about like my impression or the impression that I feel that a lot of young people have is that like business especially big businesses have the ability and resources and lobbying whatever to kind of corrupt the process of you know legislation or making regulations like that does have when the regulations are being made And is the regulation making process that all corrupted by the people who are going to be regulated?
All right. Uh My question was like two. It feels like young people are pretty cynical about about big businesses and their ability to like um corrupt legislation or making making regulations. Um So the question is like to what extent do businesses have input when regulations are being made? And are they able to kind of screw with that process at all?
Yeah, I just watched Yeah.
and I
I watched the the Patriot Act episode I think from a seminar on netflix, um It was also about TurboTax bottles for their uh their free tax filing thing and how they were
kind of screwy with that as well, that there was an actual free service that was hidden behind, like it was like a very obscure website that you couldn't really get to, and then there was like a free sounding one where you still have to pay if you had any complications whatsoever and you're in your tax stuff
wow.
But
It seems like ideally they'll be competing interests, you know like competing business interests that are just as big, like for example the company's I'm sure they would want to spend less on accounting services, right? So like wouldn't simply be really good for them. Uh huh.
to meet you as well.
I said I run your name wasn't Matthew.
Okay, perfect. Thank you so much for having me.