Hi, how are you,
dad?
cool. This is the first time I've ever done one of these
back.
Okay. That's the first time no one showed up and then this is the second one. So I almost like didn't even
flies my risk.
Yeah, I do.
Um My name is Lindsay. I'm from Atlanta Georgia. What about you?
Yeah, I included a school in new york though, so I like no.
Or I went to the Fashion Institute of Technology. Yeah.
All right, that's cool. Have you already been philadelphia
welcome.
I was born in California and then left new york
and now Georgia. So I'm all
over the
new york for sure. I
like the part. I'm like a northerner.
Um I'm an artist. What about
you?
Yeah. Are you just all online?
Five
reasons.
That is going to be weird.
You know you on this? I gotten covid like
Same. That like in Georgia is like on the news every day for her governor has not been like to provide very seriously, but I actually don't know only one. That's that much.
yeah. Hair salons, tattoo parlors. It was like everyone in Georgia was like embarrassed.
No, I don't, I honestly don't even look at the news anymore because it's
different
everywhere yet. Um, so I don't think there's any spikes though. That's the thing. I haven't known anyone personally yet, but I know schools, like kids are going back to school here
long.
Well,
some of them are, but a lot of them were like on the news for all the kids were back without masks without social open thing or
anything.
One.
yeah. Like do you wear a mask when you go out and like, are you like following
all the guidelines? Okay.
No, not masked people do have to wear masks luckily, But yeah, most restaurants are open. Like bars are open.
I
don't know. It's just like a matter of time for like everyone here gets it. But
no,
I'm an artist. So like I already stay in like, and I'm staying in, I paint and I like, I like soda like donate over like 1000 masks to
like my anymore. Yes.
Um, so not even telling them right now. I'm, I worked with like a nonprofit and I
had a bunch of
fabric. Yeah. So I was like, at least I can do like something when everyone else is like lockdown. So I've been thinking
next.
Yeah. But I try to find like lightweight cotton saving news to make for like nurses and stuff, but
I
don't want the nurse friends and they like love everything I'm making. So I'm like, all right. I'll keep making it for you as long as you guys need them.
A lot of friends that are nurses that are like super.
Yeah, A type though, like not creative people. So they're like happy to get like a cute mask or whatever.
Like, I'm such a rare case. I've been like a professional stay at home or work from home artist um for like five years. So
this is just like, yeah, it's like not normal life.
But I like it's still good to my boyfriend. I still like everything is like normal for me. What about you? Your songs like, I'm crazy.
Larry.
that's fucked.
Like people even now are having weddings or you could at least do like social distancing at the wedding, but yeah, I would be afraid to had one even because like, what if someone comes your wedding and they get sick
or so?
What?
no.
Yeah. Have you, have you guys been engaged for like a while like was it already?
No,
no.
or
you can get married like on paper, right? And
then
it had
like
you have a home unplanned or like where were you going to come out?
that my boyfriend, he was going to go to italy uh
this month.
It was like, I'm
glad
Delta
just give him back his money like no best. So
problem
or they're probably like, I think the plane tickets for like $200 compared to like 1000. Yeah.
bill to like contacted him and was like, here's all of your money back, like every sense of it, No questions
asked
the
last time.
Are
wait, So they, was it on Delta or was it like
South? Well,
Okay. Something about Delta has better customer service, I think.
Well just like put it back, put it right back like on your card or wherever and then you can get 100% of her back.
Okay. I'm sorry.
It's a super chill. Okay.
Is he your fiance a teacher also like, does
he
impact
No,
that's good.
I
don't find
myself,
And then my boyfriend's in sales and his job wasn't affected. So
Um, he does not really, he hasn't gone on a lot. He works from home and
his
forward,
He sounds like a lot of stuff related to like restaurant equipment or like hand sanitizer in paper
mouth.
We can spend one day
it
went and he's like made more money than before. Covid. So that's
good.
When you're
and I'm like the stereotype artist, like, I'll like paint until like four in the morning and then I like sleep more. Grand. Well, I'm fine.
Well, so I so I went to a fashion school. So I saw I paint, I draw, I kind of like do it all. Um And then I sell my paintings and prints. It's like basic
artistic.
It's fun. I love it.
My on that I have a marketing degree from a school in new york. So like, I knew how to market myself as an artist. Yeah. So right off the bat, I was able to get up and running, so
I'm
like,
we're
going
to bring the artist,
what?
I'll be 29 next week. So I'm getting getting older.
this is like the weird the later twenties now. I'm like, I can't believe I'm closer to 30 than
like,
what were 20 more?
Iran.
I
know
because and I like school or I like move on. My friends. I guess. I didn't like school, but I liked being in college. So I feel so bad for all the college kids right now.
yeah. I lived in Manhattan. I was like in the
So like the best college experience ever. Like the whole city
was like,
I could run around it and stuff.
I was so upset. Hurricane Sandy happened when I was up there and the whole city like shut down for like a week with no power. No. So that was kind of crazy. But um,
just like a weird, like apocalyptic new york where no one was walking around, but now not hurting. New york's doing good. I heard like there's a lot
recently.
Yeah. Like there hasn't been any new cases in like three days. Okay that's
good.
Yeah I don't know what to believe.
that's
right. My dog keeps like moving in the background but
but I mean do you have a dog or anything?
I
look I love to like drawn pink cats because
I
don't even have one. Yeah. What kind of cats are they,
pardon?
Are they mean though or do they have?
Okay. Cats are just so just interesting. I don't know
that. I mean they're like little people.
Yeah he's like a little cocker spaniel poodle mix so he's like really small but I've never paint or draw dogs I only like to paint or draw cats
just tell me about the shape of them, like the shape of their ears, big eyes and just like they're more interesting to paint. I don't know.
Uh He is probably like 10 at this point, we're gonna
definitely getting older. Yeah.
Yeah he was a rescue. So I got him uh I got him as soon as I moved, actually got him in new york and then I moved him down here. So yeah, he was he was probably like two or three when I got him. And then new york I had like a bunny rabbit, but again, I've
always wanted
a cat, but just I've never
good.
No.
it's mine.
Oh no that's stressful,
I'm gonna
go home.
Yeah, Pat, you can leave alone but a dog is a full
time thing. Yeah. Absolutely.
you
moved into a new house and then could you like not even go out and get stuff for it
like
my
balance.
I
do not online shop, I like never
buy anything online.
Well probably so yeah, decorating is so fun like, and
if you have to do it and it's like yours, it's no one else's, you know?
here
she were
great for decorating. I love to DMX.
Like
what?
Or
the
power.
Uh, no, never not gone here at least.
Yeah, I am too. Especially if you like certain homes, like I'll spend the money on some stuff, but home good stuff. I like a good sale.
Well, all the time. Yeah,
but
your stores are open here. I'm Michael and gesture store right now though. Yeah.
Well
what? We have one
of those?
they don't
yeah, it's like, it's weird going, I would not try on anything right now, but
I don't know
there's a lot of concerts down here. Yeah.
Again George like Georgia, everything you hear on the news, it's like true. Like it's very kind of not, I wouldn't use the word redneck, but like people just really don't think like there's a virus. They don't
think
so. It did spread I guess a good bit. At first I think people just aren't even going to get tested.
Yeah. It's like if they do get it, like their cases are never going to be reported. So I know, I don't know
you're on there like working like 12, 14 hour shifts, like back to back. Um, like the hospitals are super busy with like older people. Like when? Um, it's just again, it's a lot because of the governor not to even get political, but he just like came out and he was like, you know, no one needs to wear masks. Like try to sue our mayor for making people wear masks if you like. Yeah.
I do.
Or
the number of like Atlanta, She's like, her name is keisha and then our governor, I don't know politics about our governor,
brian
kemp
tried to sue the mayor of Atlanta.
Her. Yeah,
we're making people wear masks. So it was like, so he's like sending this message like, okay. Um So I don't know. I hope that if people do get it at least that they're going to stay home, like that's my mate, it's going to be home.
Well it's
getting bad all my nourishment. That's what they're saying. They're like this like corona like can die faster basically and on hot surfaces or like when it's really hot out compared to the cold is going to be so much worse. And
like
what I will say, it does stay like we don't even see snow down here. So like
it does, yeah,
it's not like the north were like, it will be warm here a lot, but
like one time it snowed and like the entire state shut down for like four days. Mhm
you
have like the ones called Trust in like the entire like state. Yeah.
it
is not Pittsburgh, where are you getting near Pittsburgh, you said?
then it's cold up there, Its toes. It's
my God, I miss the snow. I miss like that. I like being like all bundled up and
stuff.
it has
happened.
Is it hot now though? Like it is a real summer that okay,
nineties
eighties. Like it's really hot, really humid and stuff
like
november.
Yeah, I can wear like flip flops or, and I don't even wear foot pops, but I could, if I wanted to until like november or december, probably.
What?
Bye.
Is
it?
It's like new york is Pittsburgh like horizontal to it
or is it
two?
Like, I don't know if it's above new york cream below new york, but
I know,
I know I had friends that would like take a train to Pittsburgh. Sometimes
your movie pro dealt with therein
maybe philadelphia they would go to
Okay, well, I don't, I don't know maps very well either.
it's 9 22. So what do we have to wait until 9 25?
Okay. Do you do a lot of prolific stuff
night?
Yeah, So one of my artist friends start and she's like, it's like really interesting as an artist because I've got on a surveys around like being an artist and
it's like a certain demographic that they're like, so I get a lot of questions about paintings
and stuff like that. But my friend did this like video one who's an artist and she's like, it was fun. Like it's not weird. So I was like, okay, like I'll do it. It's
Yeah, this is like the only one. What's this? I called respondent because I think I've heard of that. Oh,
nice. Because I'm prolific. I've I've made over like 100 already and I started a few weeks ago, but
it's like fast and it's like interesting. I don't know.
And
important that.
And it's just like easy to, yeah, it's like to do quick little ones.
I got some of those. Yeah. But I'm surprised they don't do teacher ones because I feel like you would get a lot of like
targeted
teacher.
It just hasn't happened. Uh Okay. The it just like loaded you out for a second.
it's not important for guys. We did
it.
Yeah. I'm glad you said that time. I honestly thought you like worked with prolific at first because it seems like you were like, you like knew what you were doing. Okay.
It was nice to me. Good luck with your wedding,