Hi.
Okay, how are you?
All right? I can set a 25 minute timer. Uh huh.
So it is. I've done one before I was scheduled for another one but they didn't show up
so I only have
it.
Yeah. No, I know it's it's definitely weird and it like stinks when someone doesn't show up because it's like a waste of time. I don't know, it's frustrating.
Um What's your name? Where are you from?
Okay, I'm a list. I'm from like right outside of philadelphia pennsylvania. Yeah, we're pretty far.
where do you go in new york?
So you like kind around here? That's like, I want to say like 3, 2.5 3 hours from here. I do like day trips sometimes. But
Um I was born in Ohio actually, which like is only like a state over, but
I moved here in like third grade, so only pretty much like all I've known is here. How about you?
mama
everywhere.
That's awesome. What's been your favorite?
Perfect.
Yeah. That's awesome. Uh um What do you do? What's your job?
Well
that makes sense with new york. I'm a teacher, so it's been crazy with all this coming on.
Um So I actually am a pre k teacher, so I am um I worked for at risk kids, it's like a program through the state, so we're actually technically essential. So this year I'm doing hybrid, so I have some kids whose parents are like working at grocery stores and things like that, so I'll definitely be in school for some of my kids. It's gonna be a lot different than like I only have probably up to like five or six in person and
then there
are some doing virtual too, so it's definitely gonna be weird. Um
We'll see how that goes. But yeah,
I'm only like through the grapevine, I've heard of like friends of friends but no like family or one um super close or anything like that. What about you?
my grandfather lives there um I know like around Atlanta Georgia, I don't know where exactly like what area, but I remember you guys are like the first one that opened right? I'm just saying like hair salons and everything like we're open really early.
Crazy. Did you um I guess like were there any spikes or anything because of that or is he like controlling everything or like by township or?
I
know
okay. Is everybody going back for sure?
Like that's crazy.
So I guess school districts aren't even want to like make their own decisions.
it's
really interesting how different it is here, like each school district to make their own decision, but none of them have decided until I want to say like last week was when they all like finally
decision which like parents are flipping out. Teachers are flipping out. Everybody's flipping out at this point, but they were all out to kind of pick into. So then like you had neighboring school districts that I guess we're picking like somewhere opening and some were completely virtual and then they just butt heads. So it's been crazy, especially from like the teacher perspective. All right.
What?
Yeah. You know, I'm like definitely, I'm like loosening up a lot. Like I'm hanging out with friends more and family that, um, but I'm still, everybody has to wear masks and all the stores and everything like that are like restaurants and suffer. Are you guys completely open mask free or
That's crazy.
Here
I am going out and stuff. Like how do you feel,
I guess?
That's
Something are you doing on like facebook? How do you sell them?
Our
flora?
awesome. I love that. Um, I like one of my friends made me a bunch of masks just for like teaching, but they're like reversible. So I like they're so hot like with
this summer. So I've been using like the disposable ones, but I'm trying to stock up obviously with going back to work and everything like that.
you
are.
That's awesome. That's so awesome Of you. Do you have friends and stuff that our nurses or you kind of just like with an organization?
Thank you.
Yeah. Instead of like one of the n 95 or whatever they're called. Blue ones. For sure. That's awesome. How else has Covid affected you at all? Did you have any vacations or anything planned? Wow.
That's
day in the life. Yeah, now everybody's home so it's probably better that you can talk to people and stuff all day.
We actually had my fiance and I had a wedding plan. So that has been so yes. Yeah. Just get buried um like in a month, so september of september 12th, so we
risk a few weeks ago. That was just so insane though. Like with the money and the peas and I feel like everybody that had to reschedule I guess like when this all started in March and april um had a lot like more leniency because it was like canceled, but now like we weren't going to have a wedding with masks and stuff like. No way. Just
what? Yeah. So um, so that's been crazy. It's for the best, but we re scheduled for june so I hope it's going to be fine by june. Who even knows? What do you think?
that's
it. And like grandparents, like my grandfather lives in Atlanta Georgia, so that's like a plane ride for him. He just had hip surgery. So like there was no way he would be able to come
and like those are the people that you really want their um, so it's, I know, and like a lot of it was just like the masks, like they had to wear masks the whole time. So we bought like a photo booth and like open bar. So like, what's the point in all that?
I don't know, it just wasn't going to be, I guess what we wanted and it was like a big enough wedding and I'm expensive enough wedding that like we weren't just going to go through with it.
Yeah, we're gonna be engaged for like three years. Almost
four years. Yeah, it's getting long. But um, I mean, we don't really have like, I feel like the military or like insurance reasons, like we don't have a need, I guess, like, paperwork wise to get married, so we're
fine waiting about kind of still doing it on september 12th. Um But I think we're just going to wait.
I'm
you're
like,
we're
going, we're doing like a little thing on like, zoom. Like, we have friends that did that. Um But I don't know, we kind of want to wait for like, the magic of like, the day and like, the honeymoon and stuff like that. No.
Look at um literally like a week before Covid where we were going to go to Jamaica, but we didn't book it thankfully because that would have been a nightmare trying to cancel her. What?
Go
ahead.
Did
he
when?
I heard from paying you to travel there now, is that true? Like you can
go and
my goodness. Was able to get everything back, plane ticket at all.
That's awesome.
That
can be
to go. I know like I was supposed to go to Miami for my bachelorette party and like Miami is absolutely insane um just with the bars and everything too. And um it was a little bit of a pain canceling that. I know we were just at our we could get like a voucher back instead of our money, which kind of sounds because
I'm like, I'm like in a year but I guess we'll see.
No,
it was american
now. I have to remember that for when we book it again. For sure.
That's awesome. Yeah, we had a voucher so I'm like hoping, well I guess in our head we're going like nine months later but I guess we'll see like what actually happens.
Oh yes. Okay it's all for the best. It's just been crazy for sure.
Say that again.
He's
not
actually been affected. He is he works for window cleaning company so he what you wouldn't think is essential but he's been working every single day and
he's been out so
it's I'm like kind of ready to go back because I've been do you live by yourself or you
do
are
you you're
not at all if you at home with you still going out?
How
about
it
all
this stuff needed?
Has he been like he's probably making lots of extra
sales?
I'm
awesome. Good for him. Yeah I mean he he's been um I mean obviously some people aren't getting like the luxury of their windows clean, but he's in the office if anything kind of trying to make sales and stuff like that. Um So it's nice. I mean it thinks that like I'm home alone and everything, I'm like ready to get back out. But you're used to it.
It
I would say do you like paint and do you do anything else? Like I don't know if you like,
that's
your
own business or you kind of like with one you have your own business and everything.
How
long have
you seen
your
stock?
Yeah. You really are. You're so
young like like you're so like evolves already. It's awesome.
Number 27. So you're like only a little bit with me almost. Yeah.
I
know.
No. First there. I know it's definitely weird. I miss 21 in college and everything like that.
Uh I feel for all of like, the college kids that are going through this and like the high
school
like that. Uh
I know did you live it well? Yeah, because you were in new york, so you definitely
goodness, That
It
was
like, imagine this like happening while you were there like freshman or senior year.
nothing. I've heard of this, but that is, but you kind of experience a little bit of it.
I thought
about them. Are they doing well?
I
know. I have any point, looked at any of the stats or anything around here, I should, because I'm like, wondering if we're gonna shut down again, because all I'm hearing is that it's gonna get worse before it gets better. Um
I know it's so hard. Especially with the election coming up and everything like you never know for sure.
You,
What do you want to add covid though? I know you were asking that. No not yeah.
I have two cats actually
I think.
Do
you?
um there are rescues actually fostered. So um the one
was born in like my parents house so I've had him ever since. He like I fostered his mom. He's an orange tabby. He's massive. He's so big he's like £14. And then the other one we just got she's one is paisley. She's um I guess a gray and white tabby so they're both like tabbies but it's okay.
Not not there like timid or their shire. Um But they like love us paisley. The one we just got we got her from the S. P. C. A. She's like she was the last one. She's pretty timid. Um definitely not like they're not scratchy they're kind of just like run away from people.
All
I know I love them so much. You said you have a dog?
why have that? Is just saying?
No that makes sense. It's awesome. How old is he?
so you can, hold on
did you have him since he was a puppy?
on
week.
he's been around dogs. My family had two dogs. So I actually just recently in March actually in the beginning of Covid moved out
and got my own
house and fiance. So that was
bring the but it was like right in the beginning so we were getting calls from our realtor like hey guys like I don't know if the market is going to be open but we'll see if you're gonna get your house tomorrow.
It was stressful. but we ended up getting it. Um Yeah I was like right in the right at the end of March. But I always came from a house with dogs. Like we always had two dogs.
It's
quiet I just don't know if we're like ready for its like a baby like.
it.
Um Like rescuing and like their backgrounds like you never know where they come from. Um We'll probably foster first. Um Just to kind of get out and see. But yeah, we definitely
want one. Exactly.
It
was decorated actually like last week. So we moved in like March 27th. And like
I don't
know I like to online shop but like decorations are different like you want to see it. You're an artist. You probably the same
like.
No
there's some things like necessities that like you can reorder and stuff like that, but neither of them were kind of on the same page that we wanted to wait and of course we have been saving up gift cards. We've been together for so long so for like the past five or six years we've just been saving up gift home gut day max stuff like that. So they finally opened um we actually just were able to decorate and everything finally and we're like so happy because.
No.
it's because we painted everything so we kind of made it our own we have like a really cute backyard with like a hot tub somehow we ended up
so I want to do like a bunch of stuff out back. Um But
it's time
TJ
Maxx
and HomeGoods some um Do you like please near you guys? I don't know if you've ever heard
of
that
called Ali's.
it's like I guess like an outlet store it's just like T. J. Maxx but it's probably a little bit cheaper but I guess they just get stuff from different stores. It's all like name brand stuff. Um And they all it's like so cheap that's like I'm such a clearance sale discount shop.
Oh yeah even like thrift and you go thrift shopping at all.
I love it so much. I mean like I guess that Georgia would probably be more open than here are thrift stores
and everything.
I know and so you never know. I know Plato's closet you guys have those around
you.
So
I went there um a few days ago but it's just like I guess they have these rules like when we brought our stuff in um I went with a friend and they just said you had to launder it but like how do they know? I don't know, like
schools. Um And like the dressing rooms were open. It was just like really bizarre. Like I'm not going to go back anytime soon
now.
It's definitely different. Um You don't have like concerts or events or anything open to your. Ugo
worry.
Not
like completely spread. That's insane.
We're just like isolating them stuff.
I'm sure you're a lot from like your nursing friends. Like what it's really looking like there and
So you're here is, I'm like going back to geography
there is in charge of like your town, right? So that was
your neck.
It's
your
state.
That's crazy. It's
yeah,
I'm just so nervous for when winter hits and like cold and flu season and
I guess,
And
you're gonna wake up in the morning and not know if you have a cold or strap or covid or
without
favorite.
The coldest temperature it hits there.
that's all I
know.
When was that
lack?
So like the other. Yeah.
Oh yeah we got hit with so um last actually we barely got any but like there before it was so bad like we're off all the time and if we're not off we're ice skating to work or like sledding snow tubing.
it
is nice like the changes like the weather and everything like
that
h season. It's nice to have them all for sure.
It's been like a these every day. How about you
guys?
When does it start to cool down for you? Like october
it
crazy like thanksgiving
december. That
since here it
starts getting better in like september here like middle and this december
I
guess collect new york. Yeah,
so
I'm like
so geography, I
not even in Yeah,
I don't,
we're pretty far,
what do you say?
Maybe I think we're like 3.5 hours from new york are like maybe 2.5 3 and Pittsburgh's pretty far. Pittsburgh's like three.
I'm so glad that that's like not my thing, I don't even know where is what or where I am. I something like that.
Yeah, I have just a timer so I have two minutes and 37 seconds left.
Um I actually started it a few months ago but I have like a few survey sites that I'm on but this one's been pretty cool. Um I think I've got maybe like around $90 so far with everything
start. Or did you?
it's true. Yeah.
Growth.
I do when um that's like responded it's called. But it's more I guess like more studies where it's more of this like this is like the first one I've done on prolific. That's I guess like a face to face that's not just like a log on answer a few questions. Get off.
I actually just got one that's like a dental care one where they send you like a bunch of oral stuff. But like those are a lot of money you can get. Those are usually over $100 per study.
That's awesome.
You have like the browser things browser extension. Yeah.
I actually
not one of these that I had, the guy told me about it so I downloaded it because I've been refreshing. And so that's been really helpful not having to.
Yeah I guess there's not that many teaching one. So I usually just get like women ones are like um college ones for like people that have their bachelor's degree. I got like one
you
know I've
had a few. Especially with like I feel like now with the panel I guess that's all I have seen. But recently I've done like two with the pandemic. But most of them are pretty like I guess self explained like random with like products and stuff like that.
Yeah. No you just came back for a second. We're good.
We
have pulled out we have 24 seconds just in case.
This is like I'm just doing exactly what the guy remember? He came on he was just like all right, set a timer and then it went off have been more seconds just in case they're like because I know they record it and everything like that. Um To All right. We should be good now. What was nice meeting you?
Thanks so much.