Yeah. Hi, Can you hear me?
hear you.
That's, I think I can hear, you know,
ken?
Okay, good You?
morning. So I'm guessing you must be somewhere towards the,
Okay. I'm in Massachusetts, so it's 4:00 here. So for me, it's
just a day I have, I agree with you. I'm quiet. I've china. Thanks. I got milk. I guess I raked my leaves. Get a load of laundry. Yeah. Yeah.
And still working on the part of soup I made yesterday. I made a large part of vegetable chowder. So that's been, yeah. Yesterday. Today, Probably tomorrow.
Yeah.
Park,
toilet cooking. When I feel inspired to cook, but when I don't feel inspired, I don't
watch it.
Yeah. I find I tried a lot of new recipes and stuff to, during the genes, since I'm stuck at home. I figure hair. I don't know what I should do something productive. I get tired of eating the same old things
over.
If I have more time. I'm working from home now and my Job was a 45 minute commute previously. So I leave then I'd have to drive for 45 minutes. And then by the time I get home I'm tired, I'm hungry. I get so it's here at five minutes. Whereas now it could be like, it's 4 30 maybe I should put something in the oven. Like, you know, like I had more time. I can do
a lot more things like for dinner. Like I can cook things there are five minutes in the microwave is like, I have,
I
know I am so excited about that.
Oh,
it's,
that is the best part.
Oh, I'm trying to think on whatever day it was in March on, I think it was monday they said don't come back tomorrow. Um, and I had a laptop and this and I think on friday that everyone has been talking about it and whatever, I said, all right, everyone go home and we'll come up with a plan. I know in july would like to have a plan yet. No, in august have a plan yet. No. Then in September they were like, all right, everyone needs to be back in the office in like two weeks and I have kids, so I'm like, well my kids are not going back to school because schools are not opening and
this like, can I stay home? And then we'll think about it, we'll think about it. Then. It was all right. Everyone can stay home till October one and then they made us fill out a form and as of right now they're like, you can stay at home if you have a real good reason, but we still are not saying anything official we can change it anytime. So I'm still a little stressed about it. But I'm hoping at least at least through the end of the school year I'm hoping to get this for us.
I think it's just I work for a small company where everyone's got that old fashioned mindset of if you're not sitting at your desk you're not working.
But I'm an estimator. I do pricing all day long. All I do is math. I run the numbers through the system and say your prices this I don't talk to anyone like anyone, everything's all over email, everything's like really there is no reason for me to sit there.
What do you do for work or? Well
I. R. B. Now.
That
okay. Sub RB
mystery research board. It's.
Okay
so that's something you can do from home to like not.
and
they find it's different do they? How does that?
I
think I think for me definitely a lot of it has to do with that old fashioned it's a small cup I wouldn't quite say small family owned, I have worked for small family owned small mid size and we have a board but it's not like a fortune five like this definitely a small tell who the people in charge and there's definitely that attitude of like I said sitting at your desk working then you're not working. And then the other issue we have is there are certain departments that have no problem with flexibility and remoteness and then there are the apartments that do and I
think they're concerned with everything staying fair. So I think they end up with a whole lot of bob's manager lets them work from home. But Susie's manager wong and then you know and then it ends up across the board of well who gets to do this and who gets to do that and you have a lot of infighting and.
This,
Back.
like I just don't know. I think some of the two has to do between the salary versus hourly and there's like if you're hourly and work from home you're just gonna lie about your hours and say you're working when you're not. But we have like so like account I'm estimating which is its own department we have like four of us estimate has no problem. Working from home accounting has no problem working from home but say customer service, they have a huge issue. So I think that that's what they're looking at is some departments think it's a problem. Some departments think it isn't something. And then just trying to be fair, like, I work for a manufacturing company too. So this august in manufacturing a certain job, yes, you can't do that at home. You know, somebody has to run the machine, somebody else to run out and print this stuff and put the tickets clothe the trucks. And so there are definitely people that can't. But yeah,
it's
it is. And I just don't know, at least for me, like the whole work life that hour and a half in a day for me is huge
that it's worth way more than money or this is it. Like,
time and I have two kids. I'm a single parent, both of my kids on the autism spectrum. I do more school meetings and this and this and this like, yeah,
I'm trying to explain to him. It's like if I have a school meeting at two in the afternoon being 45 minute commute means I'm now losing four hours of my day except
the drive
to do
this
meeting
right back, do this. Whereas if I'm working at home, I can just say I'm going to take a late lunch at two
o'clock, I'm going to go over here and log into this meeting or, you know, it's so much more
productive.
think
you're great.
I agree. I just,
was definitely. And I was considering changing companies and careers, um, not quite back to school, but like pursuing additional certification and uh lisa before covid, like trying to get into that place where I could do this and do that and be here and I don't know, it's like that's one positive thing about covid for me is
like
all that space. I mean, not that there's positive things about covid,
like it's been pretty tough, so Yeah, but.
Mhm. Yeah. You do, you guys have grocery delivery out there and now?
That's one thing I've been waiting for. I am in central massachusetts, so it's a small town and I've been dying for target to do delivery in my town and they don't offer it, Go through two towns over okay here. So I started doing the grocery pickup so I'd have to walk through the aisles do all that. Like I pick it up but I drive out and pick it up. I'm just like, man, if I could get it, if I could get them to show up in my driveway I would be,
Um For me, my oldest is in high school and he is going monday Tuesday thursday friday and stays home on Wednesday is a remote learning day. My youngest goes to school Tuesdays and Fridays and then monday Wednesday and thursday our remote learning days
In the 3rd grade.
So
I know
we can't make everything simple and each one is different and I'm gonna shuffle that so there are definitely days. I'm like it's Tuesday. Am I picking anyone up today? Do I need to drop off today? Do I need, do I need to make sure you're on your morning meeting zoom call today, do I?
Yeah.
Anything.
That's one thing I find I have a hard time keeping them with this school thing, it's like whatever. So you log into math at one o'clock in your log into spanish at 1 45 and you do like, and uh my work is here, there's a whole bunch of emails, just get them all done some time, so I don't have meetings, I don't have this, I'm just like, all right, I
think I'm gonna do this one next uh This is something I have to start now, but I know I'm gonna have to wait on something so I'm going to start it. Like I'll shuffle my own day, but I never have almost never have like, oh my God, it's two o'clock, I have to stop and do this, or I don't have those same time things. So
like it just and it worries me to like before, before the pandemic. My mother did a lot of my day here and watched
my kids for me.
But she's 70, she's high risk.
She's like,
I said,
I'm
like,
I don't want to
and she keeps like, you know, I can still watch them and I'm like, yes, I know, but I don't want to get used to like, you know, I don't want to get too sick either. Like you're, you know.
Yeah.
Are you guys doing triple trading out there for Halloween
now?
No.
No, that's one of the our town canceled it, I want to say a week and a half ago. So my kids are very disappointed. No trick or treating this year. I have two very, very large bags of candy because I'm in that neighborhood that gets like 300 trick or treaters. So so on the one hand, it's great and then I I'm not going to have 300 trick or treaters dropping through my house. Yeah, but
my kids are disappointed that they're not going to get to go,
but I, I guess it's different throughout the country and this and so I just want to figure out what everybody is doing a little bit differently, you know?
massachusetts. I think last thursday had their highest case count since, like what you're saying, like it's
definitely
I know, and when they were taking our school committee voted on whether we're gonna open the schools and do remote, which is how we end up with this hybrid half days or half in school have remote, half whatever. And there were so many, you know, just open it up or just close it or just do this. And they finally decided. And we've had, they had one kate, one positive case of covid within the first week and we just took our second case last week, I'm like, see again, like schools are open and we still have students with, you know, it's just it doesn't make me it doesn't make me feel good.
I'm actually not 100% sure about that. I would feel a lot safer. What? I don't yeah, I don't think I could adequately like teach them. I don't think it would be necessarily good for their education if there could be something like pause and say a year from now, you repeat whatever grade or you know, or something like that. Absolutely do it. But there is no way I can teach me both my kids.
And that I feel the full remote and at least from talking to people that have gone that way, let them have apparent without a job that can sit around and you know, working through this and work them through them or they're in high school and there like a senior, they're independent enough. They can do all their own work and they don't have to worry about. But I'm like, yeah, there's no way my third grader, I could just say, you know, here of a Chromebook, no sit there for six hours. I'm sure you got it. Don't worry. Why I did that. Yeah.
Uh huh. So
I'm trying to think the leaves change in Utah in the fall. Okay.
lived in colorado for a year so I have a rough idea what the weather is like out there, but I know.
Hey.
Yeah, that was one thing I remember too. But being in colorado is like, it would snow, it would be like gone the next day or two days. Like it just, it doesn't stay
at least part of colorado. I was at, I'm sure up in the rockies and whatever to try and explain, I'm like well up in New England once it snows like it's gonna be cold for the rest of the winter so it's going to stay on the ground, feel free once, it's just there.
No it's actually very unseasonably warm here. Um we
usually it's 40s 50s by now and I think yesterday was 68 today sam 50, like it's a little cooler but it's been unseasonably warm here like.
I just um I went out, my kids want to plant the garden this year, so we planted a garden so I have to check on our pumpkin, we have one pumpkin, one pump and growing. Um and I actually still had green beans, I was like oh my God, I can't believe it's you know the october but like
these green beans and eat them like that's weird like it is just so abnormally warm, You
Do you do any like skiing or any winter things or?
And
that's true. Well you think they want to get the locals in, especially maybe
like now during the pandemic, they probably have a lot less tourists and.
Good. What
does point one interesting thing to look forward to about winter?
my kids are big fans of sledding. Um There's a lot, I don't know what we'll do this year. Last year at the school there was a large hill, so after school, you know whatever bring your sudden go down the hill after school and that was a really big exciting I guess this year we're gonna have to go somewhere or whatever. But the big fans of sledding, we have, we have a couple of, one of the big wooden sleds like you think like the radio, airplane
thing. But they really like the, I know they almost, they remind me of the boogie boards that you can use in the water and sometimes we do use it in the water. It's like a plastic with handles and those slide on the snow very well.
They
said
you can sit on it, you um a lot of times. So just because it's smaller, like just put it up to your chest, like go down flat, lie on it. But you can you can sit on it too. I mean depends on how you want to use it. But
definitely that that that goes faster than the sled because I
don't like with the runners and everything. I think they're really more built for like deep snow and this and unless you perfect sledding conditions takes a while.
I actually don't know.
Not anytime soon. We're still through the 50s at least another week out. Well
usually usually around here we don't usually see snow until maybe thanksgiving ish. Um We have gotten it early. Um Try to remember for four or five years ago we get the Um the Halloween Blizzard. He did actually two ft of snow like three days before Halloween.
And
I remember that being the year we got I think I probably got 700 trick or treaters that year. All the towns around here and some of them cancelled it and some of them moved it like instead of trick or treating Friday we're gonna do Saturday instead of this, we're going to do this. So I think my town got all the other kids would do more than one town now that it wasn't one night. So someone do this and someone like I got more trick or treaters that year. Like
it was just crazy. The first chart ran out of candy.
It is, there's a lot
of standing. Uh huh.
Yeah.
Well,
I was gonna say I see 4 26. So it's that extra minute right now. We're supposed Okay.
Well, it's
Probably.
Yeah. It was nice talking to you, too.
All right. Thank
you.