are you doing okay? Mhm Who?
Can you hear me?
As a you never?
Hello, how are you doing?
Good. Been a pretty quiet sunday morning so far, wow.
Oh fine sunday afternoon. Yeah, women are in Utah so
warmer.
Yeah, just um toy you know? Yeah, I'm doing like laundry, like laundry is going right now. Just made like a late lunch. So yeah,
Corporate. Yeah, I
love just like making like a lot of food so that you don't have to like do it.
Everyone will, you know? Sure the way easier that way.
likely.
Exactly. Yeah, I feel like with like the quarantine, yeah, I've just been cooking like a lot more um but it's kind of fun because like if I can find recipes and I'm like, oh my gosh, that sounds so good like, and I've never tried that before and I'll like be really like looking forward to cooking it. So Yeah, wow.
Thanks stuff
you exactly,
Well
Yeah exactly, so you're saving like an hour and a half every day
from before,
that's a lot
of chunk of time
and and
no, so like do they have anything they're saying so far about like what happens after covert eventually? Yeah.
What?
But it is your job one of those that can be done like 100% remotely so there's no reason for them to send you back.
Oh my gosh. Yes. Yes.
Yeah. It just doesn't turn like we have technology these days where it allows you to just do everything from home, you don't have like physically be sitting there at their desk, you know in order like that. They can make sure you're doing your job there. There are ways to tell if people are doing their jobs, you know? So. Yeah.
no, I do. You know when I R. B. Is
so, you know, all of the consent forms on prolific. So I RBS review those. So researchers
want to conduct human subject research has to go through an I. R. B. Um where the committee that looks through those. So.
No.
review board. Yeah,
that's it,
Yeah. So I'm like, even before Covid, I was working from home, so because the university that I work for is not in stage, so I've been working for them remotely for three years now. Yeah, so two years before Covid, but then Covid was just like the same for me, you know, because I have like my desk, all of my equipment, my like the computers that they send me and stuff, so everything has just been the same for me. Um But my co workers now get to work from home as well, so
there
um even so same with you, our management had a big issue with like, letting go, like, letting people work from home, even just like once a week, like that was the request was like, just let us work from home once week, like, just having like a flexible like schedule. Like that would help a ton of people. So like for years and years there will talk about that, but it just never happened. Well, they're super excited right now to be able to do that. So, and it's just like with Webex and zoom and all that stuff, it's like, we can still meet, you know, we can still have board meetings. We and like our submission systems are completely online based, so there really isn't a reason, like I have like my assigned phone, my work phone then answer calls if anybody needs me. So yeah, I know. It doesn't make sense for us to have to sit at a desk, you know, it's like, okay, so I can walk down the hall and make sure everybody's butts or in the receipt,
you know?
Moment,
Well, I mean more than just at the small or mid sized companies, like we're a big university and it's like that depending on who you're like manager is because like the manager of like the grants portion, which is like under our research umbrella,
their manager is like really flexible. It's like okay, if you want to work from home once a week, whatever, just let me know it's fine. But with ours it's like, no, and like she was still adamant like the friday before, Covid, I think when the university as a whole was like, if your employees can work from home, they need to work from home. So that's what finally got her to say, like, okay, fine,
come with a plan and we'll go from there. Yeah.
I
mean, yeah, it's tough. But I mean like for everyone who can work from home, like employees should definitely encourage that right now.
Yeah. That is huge
war, don't we?
Oh my gosh.
we'll
be
working
black
after
well.
Well,
well, I feel like um for the employers that are unwilling to budge after Covid, like, I feel like a lot of people are just going to jump ship, it's like, okay, I'm going to find a job that actually meets what I need, you know, schedule wise. So it's like, did
you?
It was like, like go with the times, you know, it's like, okay, we've done this. You know, It works like why backwards doesn't make any sense. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, I hope we get to keep what you're doing now after, because it sounds like you really need it. Mhm.
I'm
not.
I know.
wow. Whoa. I mean, even these days, like the only time I really leave home is to get groceries. That's fucked.
We do. But it's just like sometimes it's just easier. I feel like to just go get it myself because I've tried it a couple times and like there's always either something missing or like they're not actually delivering within the window that you need them to a few hours later or something, so I don't know, it's just easier sometimes when I'm like really not wanting to leave the house, I'm like yeah, really?
yeah, a lot of work, so it's right now, are they like doing the online learning stuff or how does that work?
Oh my gosh, it's
dragging
all these days, like
whoa! Oh my gosh,
whoa! Oh
my gosh, perfect. So would she keep track of, yeah, we don't have any kids, I don't
even know what that would be like, Yeah, have some days, I'm like having a hard time keeping up with my own schedule, I'm like well what me doing, do I have next, like with my calendar, it's like, I would totally forget how many meetings I have when they are and stuff so
I
only it's a really good thing that you're able to work from home because like what would happen right now, you know, like for other single parents out there who don't like have someone to look over to look after their kids, like I don't understand
what
what
what
do you
think
it
is?
No.
Oh my gosh. Yeah, that's just so much to think about. Uh huh Yeah, Covid
has definitely changed things up for everyone,
nope,
no, nope. Are you,
there's still a thing like way canceled this year? I haven't seen people like actually trick or treating
Yeah,
yeah, I'm sure mhm
yep, mhm. Yeah, I think it was just like mm last week or something when they announced that we had like the highest rate of covid sense like july or something and
not
going down, that's the problem
No. Would you prefer them to do like 100% remote?
Right and have like a full time job, you know? That's yeah that's tough.
yeah mhm
Yeah
but we just got our first snow today. Yeah.
it's pretty similar yeah in colorado might be a little higher in elevation than we are, so they get like a little more snow than we do but I think it was loud
Week we were in the 70's and today we get light snow and the peace open no morning for us.
I know
Yeah. Is it pretty cold where you are too right now?
We're
top weird.
more up,
wow, that's so weird. No we have like a super hot summer Here like it wasn't it's not like a normal summer for us, it was like in the high 90s almost until like the end of September it was just so hot. Yeah so it's I mean it's kind of nice to have a baby cooler now but I was like oh I wasn't exactly ready for the snow but okay yeah we'll pull all my winter geared. Yeah
we so we have like
the sea resorts by us so we go snowboarding. Yeah we have like all the gear and stuff and usually every year will go maybe two or three times depending on what kind of deals they have for locals. Mhm mm.
One
we're not gonna want to like exactly fly in right now, you know? So
but
yeah well and sliding is really fun to sliding like we have a lot of people who come in to visit us and stuff who don't like know how to ski or snowboard, you know? So like a really fun winter activities just go to being because everyone can do that, it's like super fun. So. Yes.
well,
whoa,
do
you mean you sit on it?
couple more.
What?
yep. So when are you guys expecting snow? Mhm.
One
Four.
Yeah, I remember that actually like when you're was a kid like we went out trick or treating and it was like we were knee deep in snow really and we still just kept going or what are giant
more weapons? Well
obviously
yeah. How do you plan to do something like that? That's a lot of candy.
Cool.
Yeah
yeah. All right
well I think that's our time I like
Well
it was
moments talking to you.
Yeah well good luck with everything. The kids, the job everything
check
here.