Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh well. Oh. Oh yes. Oh. Mhm. Oh okay. Oh okay. Oh yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Hey? Oh very good evening.
Good. Are you sir?
It's all right trying to get some work done.
but where are you out of
I was going to say you don't look like you're dressed for Miami.
I just I just saw breath come from your mouth as you said it. Yeah. Yeah I see it
Well I'm not too terribly far away. I'm in Delaware. Yeah. Are
you you're upstate new york now?
Got it understood.
So
we make him for dinner
Can't go wrong with that can cheese.
So what what brings
you from Miami to new york?
Okay you're just up visiting.
Who?
uh so I I own an inspection agency uh down the Delaware we do building plumbing electrical inspections throughout the state.
don't,
yeah it's all and I'm not I'm not that guy so I I concentrate more
on the business
acquired. I've got inspectors that know all the trades
and stuff but it's very very confusing, very interesting. But construction right now
has happened so keeping us busy. Hello.
What do you do for to keep you busy? Oh
do you? Okay Wait up up in new york.
No kidding I did not know that.
Yeah I was based little
more than an hour from us.
Watch what you said you work in a watch. All right.
Yeah wow. Is based their corporate headquarters and probably an hour away.
Yeah wa wa pennsylvania actually right
outside of philadelphia. Yeah.
Well
I didn't I didn't know they had expanded
down there. That's interesting. Good for them
because I don't I don't think they're everywhere in between. I think they must have jumped over several states
to go to florida.
Well I know there never go as far south as Virginia.
Well
and you know that kind of makes sense with him being such a household name up here
with
all the all the snowbirds. Everybody flocks to florida.
Well
Do you have them up a long island? They're not up
there, are they?
Yeah, I didn't think so either.
Okay. Yeah, definitely. Jersey P. A Maryland Delaware. So where
we are at a complete with royal
farms, I don't know if you've ever heard of royal farms?
Rural farm without a Baltimore staying exact kind of concept, but
Marathon, We don't really have those here either.
I used to work for it. Uh
so they're like a franchise
Like a 7 11? Yeah.
Thank you.
on.
So what's the name of the island or the or the town?
Hi Ryan. Yeah. Okay.
Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know how I've heard a fire island. They do is there a concert they do up there?
How long you been doing this prolific thing?
All
Um I think I started last august um Yeah I think uh I want to say probably 12,
Well let's see what we got here
smell.
oh this is a big one. It's a big
and
for
and
not a lot of time.
I
think you get I think you get like a dollar 50.
Oh doesn't
count
you mean does it count as one of your six or seven?
I don't think so I
don't
know
I just uh I had that so this this wasn't supposed to be one for me. I think I had one monday night and the person didn't
show up. Um
Then I had the ability to put my uh availability again and it worked But yeah
1200
440
now.
Yeah. Yes. Or what's your political affiliation? Republican? Okay. You're going to talk to a
45
year old Democrat who believes this and that. Yeah. It's funny how many of those fake things you'll come across.
Well,
yep, yep. Absolutely. Um And you have you done, have you tried any other sites?
Right. Yeah, this is definitely one that you've got to catch sometimes. Um There's a there's just a recent chrome extension that we'll have.
Yeah. The other one I found um was amazon Mturk. If you've heard of that
that
amazon? So it's an amazon company but it's Mturk MTU
R. K. Um It's like fans from mechanical turk. I don't know what the turk where that comes from but it's a similar type of thing. But it's got thousands of surveys Um that you can become qualified
for. And it's it's a little bit here miss, but it's not so much like you know, some of these are around for 10 seconds and they're snapped up and gone a little different
I
think.
I mean
I think
well, started that four or five months ago and it probably made for $500.
The cool thing about this one is uh prolific seems to be under the table. Like um it doesn't seem to be reported in. Whoa.
I don't I didn't get anything last year. We'll see this year. This year has been a bigger year. But the Amazon thing they actually, I guess you're gonna 99 at the end of the year.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah it just it's fluctuated a lot over the year that I've been been on yesterday actually was the best exchange rated then over the last year and a half.
Yeah. I didn't have much yesterday but I catch it out since it was so so high. But what were you studying in school?
What
you
do
with
it?
Why not? Yeah. Exactly. Yeah
the whole uh the whole virtual things been been interesting. I teach part time at two local universities
and everything is completely gone online and Have to undergrad business classes, 40 students each and I haven't seen singles awesome after they turn the cameras off and I don't give a I don't give a crap whether they win or not.
alarm
bells if you try to read properly.
I I'm definitely not that guy. Yeah.
So how long have you been up in new york? And how long were you there for?
Thanks.
So are you staying through thanksgiving or not
even
that one?
Oh wow. Okay. So you'll
Okay. Yeah. So how's the whole covid situation down in Miami?
Well
Yeah we I had I'm waiting to hear one of my ladies in the office here. Her husband tested positive over the weekend so she's waiting for her test result. And so now just
I know the it's going to be heck in here in the office if everybody thinks they've got to go get so just trying to avoid all the turmoil.
So when they closed the store,
So even if they weren't your shift, if you didn't even know and never saw them you still got to get take two weeks? Oh
that's nuts. That's like absurd wow.
All
problem.
No.
So did
you
did you fly between Miami new york or did you drive?
So how how was that whole experience?
man.
Was what? The plane Pretty full? Really?
What
so there's a spirit
fly direct from JFK to Miami? Yeah.
How was
Oh wow. I have never I've never flown spirit thank
you
don't
do
it,
save yourself
Hold
holy cow that's awesome.
it's
my gosh.
man.
but so is this the
first one of these chats you've done through this uh this guy this survey? Right
actually
in here.
yeah I think I've done three and there was one that nobody joined and then I think I was the guy that didn't join one time.
Uh He was gone,
Oh how much time does your things show?
I jumped on early so I'm like 25 minutes.
Oh wow. four more minutes. Who?
Oh we gotta do 25. I was thinking was 20. So did you grow up on Long Island?
Oh so you grew up there?
No.
Like higher than you would normally see a household
Piland. Uh
huh.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
it was.
think uh yesterday
and today are the two coldest days and it's supposed to warm supposed to warm up again over the next few days.
No.
Well I hope you enjoy the cold weather up there,
hope you get
back
back to Miami safely.
Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. Gonna be an interesting few days for sure. So stay healthy. Stay safe,
take care brother.