how's it going?
I'm all right, I'm cooking some dinner
nice or getting paid either way, I gotta make Yeah.
I'm from Miami, but right now I'm in new york, so I have a
well I'm in a house that doesn't have teeth, so it's like
I mean I have like a room with a fire, but I'm cooking right now. Okay.
Uh
I'm on an island off of Long Island Fire normally would like this is normally like only a summer place, so the houses aren't like outfitted for the winter, but here I am.
Is that enough water in there? Okay. Making
some
some mac and cheese and not much like stuff here, But anyway.
You can never go got the Annie's mac and cheese,
have you?
My dad lives here.
Right, Yeah, I'm with I'm here with my girlfriend a little more, but uh
cream cheese with a spoon. Good turn that on, a little bit like on the list. Yeah. So where are you working? Oh.
Uh huh. Oh, that's cool. Electricity is the well
paid in like one of the hardest things
projects
that
corrupt.
All
that's good.
I work at wal actually.
They just started opening them in Miami actually.
Yeah, it's all right for now. I mean, I've been going to school but I stopped because I don't like the online school stuff, but yeah.
And
what?
Yeah, like the gas station.
philadelphia. Pennsylvania.
Mm hmm. Yeah.
No, they're
going like really fast actually. Like The stock is private, but like my manager was like, like he gets like stock options and stuff and like in the past three years he's tripled like it's gone from like 56 to like 17,000. Yeah, they're expanding real quick.
Thanks.
Yeah, it's not bad for now.
they're
in like, yeah, they jumped straight to florida from like New Jersey or maybe a little lower.
How? Oh, there in Virginia. I didn't know that. Yeah. People coming all the time. They like, are from New Jersey and like, I'm from pennsylvania and stuff, but like, I've
never
come
on.
Yeah. No. And
we don't have anything like that really. Like a gas station where you can get good food. It's like 7 11, like the biggest competitive
nothing
in Long Island. I don't think there are any in New york.
Maybe like when you get closer to Jersey there some, but
Mom.
History
Great.
Yeah. People come in and be like, man, I miss sheets or like stuff. I've never been like, that's what I said in Florida. We just have 7-11 marathon. Like nothing with food.
You know, They're
never the same. Like, they're kind of like, almost like privately owned, like um like every minute I'm gonna be run differently, like.
Very certainly. Yeah.
Mhm. What's what? It's a Dublin. Would you put an already? Uh No, it's just buttering, get the news then? I don't know how old this cream cheeses. It's sick. Yeah,
it was good. Another day on something. What you have? Good. That's right, let's see. Uh huh. Give Me 1 2nd There, Buddy. I don't
know what's going on. We need something happened, idea happened a little bit. I think that's a Dublin man. Yeah, that should be good for my servant, but there was a problem. Yeah. But yeah, that's pretty fire island, like um no one really comes here unless like no one that lives here, comes here during the winter, really? But like, you see so many workers because you're not allowed to work like during the summer I feel just like all the workers like everywhere.
Um The islands called Fire Island, you know, robert,
robert moses state park. Like it's like a highway that goes from Long Island across the bridge and then like it's supposed it was supposed to be a highway but like they never ended up building like the full highway. They kind of have like one side and then the firearms like that works.
There's yeah, there's a feel like like some like labor day or which everyone is at the beginning of summer. I'm not sure flavor day.
Um how long like a month or two? I've made
like £90 for. What about you?
1200, Wow. That's
My
name is stepping my game. I don't get a lot of time to check it, that I'm glad that I got this like $15 1.
This one. I'm
just not sure.
I'm
I
Do you know if like your partner didn't connect, does it count as a like, you know, you you
only have 67?
Yeah, I know, but you know how you could do this one like six or seven times? Does that
count? I'm
doing it
it.
because
they
don't really answer the messages.
No,
So they did three scheduled it?
I
had to make similar to
another
day. Um Whereas like you're going to video chat with someone, but it was like it the whole time like there was never anyone you're going to video chat with, that kind of tricked you into thinking you're about a video chat with something. It's pretty cool. It's like because it's like put your like race and like your friends like top five friends and their rates and then it gives you someone who is the opposite race with like opposite interests.
Good
democrat.
Yeah, I have
it. I was like the first one was like, you're going to video chat with someone. Like I was completely prepared to like talk to someone.
I bet like I don't get that many studies on here, but I'm not I don't have it open that option like.
But the thing is, is um my girlfriend lags in on my computer too. So like it'll mess it up sometimes, but
amazon
what?
All
It,
I
don't
know just
how
you like,
I should start on that too. Yeah. Mhm. Well,
probably not. It's in it Might maybe Paypal reports it but
Well the U. S. The good part is that comes in pounds and like the transfer fee is free on paypal so.
Should I cash it? I only like $10 maybe catch up. Mhm. I'm gonna just cash out of 30 September 10 lbs.
I was doing psychology but I don't know what kind of career I'll do from that. So I'm probably gonna change when I end up going back. It's like I wasn't I was just taking psychology because I enjoyed the classes but like not as much to feel like the job wise
but
like
I was
just
going to community college like to do something, do some classes And it was completely paid. Like I would get money back from college like 1200 semesters. So I was like
Yeah.
How?
Like my girlfriend, her teachers are so like strict about it. She's doing like an architecture thing and they'll turn on this thing where it's like a it makes the super loud sound if someone leaves, right? Yeah. So like it'll just be dinging like ding, ding, ding, ding. And they're like, I don't
know.
don't leave my class. You don't know what it is.
You think? Mhm. Yes, Sure. Yeah. Maybe more clean. I don't know. No creams fine. My conclusion. Okay, so did you taste it? You've got to taste the master chef? What's the native south to talk about? Dubliner? It's good though. You probably more creamy and salty negative. Hmm. 23 minutes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh, man. Yeah,
I'm only here for a week because I have to go back to work. But I got here yesterday, right? It's been weird because the sun goes down so early here and I just loose. I'll take maps and like everything is just like one big
one big time.
I'm
going
back monday.
I would have like my, my grandpa who haven't seen in a long time is in Miami right now. So I kind of have to go back.
It's like you would think it's a lot worse than it actually is. Like, um actually Florida gets 100 and 50,000 per positive test. So like the more they report, the more money, like the state makes. But like I work
at a gas station and I've worked at the gas station through the whole coronavirus. I haven't gotten sick. No one that I'm close with has got like a couple of co workers may be back at the beginning. Well, like I hardly know people, I don't want to say stuff like that but like they reported a lot worse than it is and in florida I noticed in new york like outside every like you walk by someone, everyone will pull it up even like construction workers are pulling their masks up in florida. Well the construction records are walking anywhere without a bastard like speaking spanish like not like. Mhm.
All
What I would do at work which I thought was really stupid like if one person even that I didn't work with like I was just in my store. Got it. I would have to take two weeks off unpaid like a two week quarantine. You can test out of it like nothing.
No they get they pay overtime for people from other stories to come. They pay so much like the people from the other stories, they probably already have all their hours from the week. So if they go over our stores paying them like double the amount to work. Crazy.
didn't even meet him.
And like my
my general manager too. So like shit gets really fucked and I'll see it another okay delay here,
gloves on right now, you're fine. Oh no,
I grab some stuff I could have right
there
are.
I flew
uh huh. I wear a mask all day at work. But like as soon as I put it on the plane I was like, oh my God, like this and it was bad because I was so close to missing the flight and it was super early in the morning and I had a drippy nose. Like have
you heard from the plane? Is like looking over at
we'll take yeah, it was a spirit flight so they're always full, this is like, even if they're not
full there like pedal the tickets right before the flight to someone, you know, like they always have a way of mate of filling those old ask smelly plane, wow
almost.
Laguardia. Yeah. For a lot
of, I've never taken uh playing that stops from Miami to new york to Miami. I've never had to take a stop like uh I've actually had to stop from north Carolina to Miami and Atlanta, which is stupid. But
don't
do it,
don't do it
because
they don't have the money. Like
It was like, it was supposed to be like $102 round trip for two people. Yeah, like 25 a ticket. You
end up just like 152, but it's supposed to be 100.
Oh yeah. Just you drive the risk of like really stupid shit happening. Like one time I was flying to new york and they're like, oh we have to land because there's really bad weather over new york. And my dad was like at the airport already and he's like no there isn't, like there wasn't and we landed
in atlantic city and then
they're like okay wait here for three hours while the bus comes to get you And
then take a 3-hour bus. Like it was terrible. I was like trying to look for a way for me to take a bus like within those three hours. But it ended up being more like two hours. So it's like and they gave you free like they're like kids of food about guys. Like I don't want your shitty airplane food. Mm
Well
no, this is like a 3rd 1 with an actual person. Well,
like
I had one where it was just like um but he didn't join or maybe I joined like a minute too late. I don't know. Yeah.
Yeah, I joined that. It was supposed to be at seven. I joined like 705 on the door. Sorry.
Which baron? Yeah. Yeah, I was up there. Okay. What like filling up those shields do in my heart. Did you tell him? Good?
Mm Check. 21 minutes.
Yeah. four more minutes I guess. And then we'll get our money.
it's 21 minutes. Yeah. 21.
Now I grew up in Miami, but my family is from,
no one's ever lived in Long Island. It's just violence. Kind of like a summer getaway type of place. So like my Brooklyn. So my dad,
his family has had a house here forever. It's pretty crazy. Like a lot of the houses over here, are they putting them up like super high in the air? Like on stilts almost Because
Yeah.
yeah, like
my house is over 25 ft in the air. It got after Sandy. Um because like Sandy like screwed up a lot of stuff in this area.
What is that over here? Gonna go back into the warm room? Mhm. Do we need anything else? Is this like ice? Yeah, keto by Alex instead of who jimmy. This this message is very good. Uh huh. Uh But yet nice here in the summer. I didn't expect it to be. Got you at the light. Yeah. Right. Did you get that part? You have it? Okay. We should have the potential oils, oil steve
get it nice and smell. Okay. Yeah. It does like a steamy song. I mean, I put some like uh it's like a pot of water on top of the thigh. Put some like eucalyptus oil in it to inspire. Just
I have,
Yeah. Hopefully. Because when I
was playing, when I was like, planning on coming here, I wasn't planning on freezing my ass off. Even what they're gonna do. Yeah. Want me to put another log? Are you tired log? Uh huh. Got to empty some of those recycling out to. Yeah, Yeah. Yes, exactly. Uh Yeah. All right. I got to I was just gonna go out there to throw some other something. That's it, everybody. Yeah, Let's see what we're out here. All right. We got like 10 more seconds, but yes.
Some
of
that,
Yeah. Thanks man. Good luck with that coronavirus shit.
Have a good one.