SPEAKER_L: Check on Two. Yeah. Control Two. Thank you. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm That's good. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Hey, I just want to tell you how much I love you and you're a great friend to me and so happy that you said yes to marry me and we have a good life together and I'm very thankful for you. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mhm Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm Yeah. And, and Mhm See he's gone from above, this is from above the father of Lights in which there is no variance whatsoever. God is always going to be the same and he's always sending down blessings. But you've got to be looking in the right direction in order to see him, you got to correct your focus whatever you fail to appreciate and leave your life, you've got good things in your life and you're in good places because you're showing honor in those places. And if you're not willing to show our appreciation for the places that you're at, you may not be there long. You say, well pastor, I don't really care too much from a job and you know, it kind of stakes. Well, guess what? You won't be there long. No worries. Yeah, you'll be out the door and you know, and uh, I like my spouse. Okay. But it's just tough to love him, you know, in their better efficiency. There's sharks too. There's more sharks than there are fish. Well, the grass is greener on the other side. Yes, that's the water bill and it's probably grown over a septic tank. Well, I think I can go get this right now. Yeah. You're immature if you're not willing to, if you're not willing to be growing where you're planted and put down roots where the in the places that God has given you. You may not remain in those places for very long. Just as say just ask Lucifer because that was his deal. Many of you think pride was the first thing. Can I challenge you? I don't think Pride was the first sent. I know it was the instrumental one, but I don't think it was the first one. I think dishonor and an thankfulness was the first sent that led to pride. Yeah. What he was in charge of in the first place was making sure that the son of God and that the father got praise and thanksgiving in honor and he failed in. Yeah. All right. In the attachment, Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. The old, Yeah. Uh huh. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah wow. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Okay. Okay. Okay mm hmm. Right. Mhm. Perhaps. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. It's what? Right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. No. Mhm. I'm not Okay. Oh okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay cool. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh mama. Yeah. Okay. Trump. Okay trump. Mhm. Oh okay. What? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh cool. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Oh. Mhm. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Two cool. Oh yeah. Cool. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh yeah. Mhm. Oh. Oh. Oh come oh Alexa. What time is it The 04 p.m.
SPEAKER_R: can you hear me
SPEAKER_L: Yes I can
SPEAKER_R: okay? Can you see my camera?
SPEAKER_L: I can
SPEAKER_R: Okay? And I can see and hear you as well, wow, okay. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: it's nice to me as well. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: What would you like to start
SPEAKER_R: Um That's an interesting uh Parker on the law. Is that something interesting? Maybe
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: you can put that
SPEAKER_L: not really. It's a master's degree in theology that's not very interesting. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: theology is in
SPEAKER_L: Oh theology is the study of God. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mm. Like history.
SPEAKER_L: Um I would say I would say a majority of that type of degree is historical, sure at a graduate level at an undergrad level it's not it's mostly religious but graduate level master's degree and on it's mostly history, you seem like an artist. Are you artistic?
SPEAKER_R: Uh uh Not particularly. I used I used to be but not anymore
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. What did you used to do? Did you used to paint or did you sculpt or?
SPEAKER_R: paint paint and sketch. Um I think that's pretty much about it. Ah that's such a shame. I wanted to ask you, what do you think is the best religion?
SPEAKER_L: You know what I think is religion. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: you, your favorite religion?
SPEAKER_L: My favorite, I I'm not a religious person believe it or not. Yeah religion is uh by my interpretation in my life lens is mostly a set of values and rules that are passed on by man. So if we're going to talk about what I believe, that might be a little bit different. But I'm into relationship with God, not religion. I think religion has killed more people than most of the world wars we found. Is that fair? That's your answer.
SPEAKER_R: One more. I'm satisfied with that answer is Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: And where did you go to school or did you? What about your education?
SPEAKER_R: I did one year of biology and then I had to drop out. Um But I do plan on going back to college too,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, super. What do you think you'll study?
SPEAKER_R: I'm not sure. Um I'm going to be around my sister who's a nurse so I think I might, there's something like that.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's great. Yeah, that would be, that would be really good. And so you've got one sister, you've got uh any other siblings there?
SPEAKER_R: At three Sisters and two brothers. Small family. It
SPEAKER_L: Super warm.
SPEAKER_R: I think I think that's the average for like the caribbean family because my mom and dad, they're from Puerto rico and Dominican republic.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, really? Cool. Really cool. Yeah, I do. I've done some mission trips in that area and then and do a lot of stuff in Jamaica and Mexico to love it. Love it.
SPEAKER_R: Mission trips. I had a friend who said mission trips and he was he was a part of a church saying ladder, is that is that the mission that you're talking about or is it or is it a different mission?
SPEAKER_L: Well, I just, I hope help people, I'm a pastor. So I hope people from uh my congregation go to impoverished areas and help people dig wells and build buildings and schools and love on people, just just go and love on people and help them and and those, that's my favorite part of the world, my daughter is missionary in Japan and it's really awesome out there too, but I I I tend to like uh south America central America Mexico, that's where I like to be my favorite people in the world. Are there, they're sweet and nice and kind and loving,
SPEAKER_R: Um Would you ever consider going to the african continent?
SPEAKER_L: I have some friends that go there every year, I've got a got a fella in my church with, he's PhD teaches at college and he's from Togo. And have you been to africa?
SPEAKER_R: No, I haven't been to Africa, but Africa was the first continent that um so one of my passions is flags. That's all right. Yeah. One of my passions is flags. Um So I know every flag in the world and the first continent which I learned all of the country flags was in Africa,
SPEAKER_L: Oh that's
SPEAKER_R: Toko
SPEAKER_L: awful.
SPEAKER_R: and Seychelles and mercy like I I so africa is special for me and I just I was I was curious if you've been to Africa before.
SPEAKER_L: that's super. Do you like to travel quite a bit, do you do you enjoy?
SPEAKER_R: Um I've only traveled once and that was to the Dominican republic to see my to see my father to see my father's side. Um but I can't travel anymore because anxiety. No,
SPEAKER_L: Of
SPEAKER_R: do you ever get, do you ever get anxious and you're mentioned?
SPEAKER_L: yeah actually uh I've been diagnosed with general anxiety disorder so I I've been taking medication and I've been talking with people for Probably five years of my life now. It helped about five years ago I think it was mostly from my job. But um I've struggled with anxiety for a long time. In fact even if I could be kind of just real um sometimes I'll wake up in the morning, I've scratched my head you know because I'm so anxious even in my sleep and my wife would tell me you gotta you gotta wear gloves to bed or something and I probably shouldn't you know listen to my wife but
SPEAKER_R: You gotta cut your nails.
SPEAKER_L: get my nails down and so do you know what I'm talking about?
SPEAKER_R: I was diagnosed with generalising side. You just disorder three years ago 2017 after I had a really bad panic attack
SPEAKER_L: Did
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: and I was I was on climate Japan and I was on another antidepressant but they made me lose so much weight that I had to get off of it. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well hey listen I don't I don't know your pain or not your struggle with it but I can relate a little bit. I can tell you I know that that's a very real thing and You know what happens to guys that happens to gals. You know I'm 50. It didn't start for me until I was 45. Um but in my two of my Children who are married and they all I've got three kids, they're all married and gone. But two of my Children struggle with it too and it's just part of part of life you know? Yeah it ain't easy.
SPEAKER_R: Um I find that something that relaxes me is learning more about what affects generalized anxiety disorder. So I learned that if you experience any type of trauma doesn't have to be extreme That child during your childhood that normally comes, it starts the surface in your 20's and that's that on what happened to me, I'm 23 now, so you know. Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: Well you're reading my mail? Yeah you're in my mail
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: when I get it was both of my parents were drug addicts and so I was actually taken in by the church so that's why I do what I do now because the church was was there for me and helped me out but my childhood was horrible. So I know I I hear you, I mean it's just like you just like you I know you just met me, but you're spot on. Yeah, Thanks for sharing. That really helps, you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and you as well um I kind of wished that I was, I wish I could have ran away from home at a young age and been taken into like a church setting, but that never happened. I'm still I'm still hoping though, I don't know, I do want to do my community service, but with Covid and I live in new york city, so it's it's a complicated situation here. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: So how do you, how do you like new york, do you, have you lived there for quite a while?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yes, I've lived here since I was born and um I'm not a fan, I'm not a fan of the other people. Um When I went to college I did go to a small village um an hour away from Buffalo in a small in a small village called Fredonia. And I really I really liked my time there. Um I wish I could Go back to like a small setting, but then it's very inconvenient. There was only one walmart amongst 12,000 people. I mean I don't know. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: It's difficult, man. It's difficult. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The reason why I thought maybe you were quite inverted maybe in the art,
SPEAKER_R: Thank you
SPEAKER_L: I noticed like that I think you've got to hang on your wall in the back.
SPEAKER_R: the tapestry.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's really, really sharp looking.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, that belongs to my sister, but I did help her hang hang it up and then I also have these lights and and are you epileptic?
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Would you like to see my rain bullets?
SPEAKER_L: absolutely. Yeah, I'd love
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: to.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, so just turn it on and then you see
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I like
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: would be better. So it's a lights were off, But then you wouldn't be able to see me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, those are awesome colors. That's
SPEAKER_R: No, I love the rainbow. I do I do want to do art again. But yes, I just have no inspiration. So,
SPEAKER_L: sure, sure. So, uh if you don't mind me asking, tell me about that, Why what happened to, what happened to the passion and the inspiration? What affected did something happen that affected you? Or or do you think?
SPEAKER_R: um I was I was very passionate about um uh, tracing characters that I liked and cartoon shows are in those like anime shows. Um, and then and then I started having PTSD from my childhood. So then I I seem to have associated art with the trouble. So, so then I stopped.
SPEAKER_L: got you, got you, yep,
SPEAKER_R: hmm.
SPEAKER_L: yep, yep.
SPEAKER_R: I just wanted to roll my passed away and stop doing everything.
SPEAKER_L: so everything went, yeah, okay, wow. Yeah, that's tough, you'd be about maybe um I hope it's okay to say you probably about my oldest daughter's age and she of, she got an art degree and and teachers are, but she mostly makes a, she mostly makes pottery and she said she's got a Tiktok account and she makes more money on that Tiktok accountant, she does as a teacher, you know, it's really neat, do you do other things online? I do a few things to try
SPEAKER_R: Boy.
SPEAKER_L: to supplement.
SPEAKER_R: Um I use I've been using prolific for about since october um since last october and that's pretty much about it. I did consider, I did consider having like venturing into other online services providing online services, but it's just it's overwhelming. And there's so the the options are endless and I'm getting like option like fatigue or something like I just I just can't choose, I can't choose. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: prolific is pretty easy to use and they pay
SPEAKER_R: Word.
SPEAKER_L: pretty well and this is a great service here what we're doing, you know, I've done this maybe one other time and and it's uh it's really enjoyable, it's kind of nice you know to meet somebody I like different cultures and I like different people anyway, so it's pretty fun. Have you have you done any other of these or?
SPEAKER_R: This in total, this is my 7th 1. Um It might be my third. I don't I don't remember because they they did they did one session and then they stopped and then they resumed it. I think this is my second, I don't remember. But I do I do look prolific because sometimes I learned things about myself and I'm like, hi it's depressing, it's depressing stuff. You know, you read, you read you read you read situations like um so read this, read this short story and then tell me what you feel and then what's what's best for the what's best, what should the main character do? And then, and then they start asking you like like oh so so what are your personal beliefs and it's like well I told the main character to not like have so many flaws but then here I am like like do do I ever lie and do whatever, like whatever, whatever and it's like oh god I'm not the best person to be giving good ways. Yeah. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: What? Yeah. Yeah, I feel the same way. It's kind of kind of a little bit revealing sometimes. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: like that, it's anonymous, so Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: works, that always helps. Yeah. So I've been to new york a couple times and really enjoyed myself. I thought it was really neat, gone to the, you know, down on a few times and that sort of thing. Uh huh. My son lives in philadelphia and is he does a lot of work with Children. They're in uh in philadelphia impoverished kids and that sort of thing. I always thought well maybe someday I'll go help my son do what he's doing and maybe visit new york a little bit more. I like I like being in the city you know it's kind of enjoyable but I don't live there now. I live I live in Findlay Ohio right now
SPEAKER_R: Ohio
SPEAKER_L: as yeah yeah, a small
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: town in Ohio. Mhm. But I was born in Chicago, so
SPEAKER_R: whoa gangster, I've only heard one thing about Ohio and it's there's a big drug issue and that's it,
SPEAKER_L: There is there's certainly yeah it's heroin yeah and it really is, it's destroyed, destroyed a lot of people's lives, you know it's really sad but
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: those people are they're being judged, they've got things that they really they can't manage in their life. And so heroin is seems like the only answer at the time and it's so addictive that they get hooked and they think they can walk away but they can't and it's really really hard to, one person told me that I was ministering to that. They wanted heroin more than they wanted to breathe. It's that strong of a hold on somebody's heart, you know? So yeah. And then there's a lot of it in in Ohio people think Ohio is all like conservative and everything. No, there's a real bad drug problem here. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Uh I've I've been getting I've been interested in uh the uh I guess the the psychology behind drug users and how instead of penalizing people and giving them fines and blocking them into jail, we should be teaching these people from an early age how to cope with unhappy feelings.
SPEAKER_L: I agree.
SPEAKER_R: Um And allowing them to express themselves. Maybe maybe get counseling, therapy stuff that with
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: you that way they don't have to do drugs.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Well said and you know, that's the reality that I think we need to be willing to embrace. Um You know, nobody when they're a child says I want to be a drug addict when I grow up. You know, nobody says that but that happens because they just cannot they cannot cope and manage with what they're going through. It's too hard. I mean think about like think about what we deal with in my own personal life. You know I had a season where, you know, it looks like alcohol could be the answer. I'm not saying there's anything wrong with drinking, but drinking for me, I'd be, you know, I would take that too far, you know?
SPEAKER_R: But before.
SPEAKER_L: Um and there was, there was a time in my life where I thought drugs would be the answer for me too. And really I was just, I was just so full of pain that I was trying to kill the pain somehow. You know? Uh, those weren't helping, but I thought at the time they were and uh, that's where a lot of people are at their just hurting so bad. I need, somebody needs somebody to love them, listening to them. You know, it's hard, it's hard for people and I just kind of say this too. I'm really, uh I'm really struggling with the amount of hatred that's in our in our culture, our nation right now. People are just full of hate and they just don't want to love people, you know if you're different to me than that I don't like you and I don't love you and I don't care what you're going through, that doesn't that doesn't help anybody mm
SPEAKER_R: True.
SPEAKER_L: but what do I know I'm old.
SPEAKER_R: You know, you know a lot of things um for me, I find I'm asthmatic, so I've never smoked before. However, drinking, drinking my family, maybe some of my family members have drinking problems and I remember I'm actually I'm actually very proud, but I remember trying like my first sip of alcohol and thinking I can imagine myself being completely addicted to this and it's just thinking about this all day. So there was there was that one time and then there's a second time and then there was a third time and then I thought I can't like I, I should never drink, I, I won't be able to control myself so that's it. No more drinking. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Good. Yeah, good for you. I mean you know if if it's something you know that's not good for you, I think I think you're hard to tell you, you know?
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely
SPEAKER_R: it's, it's, it's hard because you, it's like those cookies like you can, you can see yourself eating those cookies, but you shouldn't eat those cookies. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: now I will tell you I cannot resist cookies. I'm an addict. I'm junk food. I
SPEAKER_R: Which,
SPEAKER_L: love
SPEAKER_R: which, which flavor of cookies?
SPEAKER_L: oh I can a man, I'll tell you what
SPEAKER_R: Snicker
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: doodles, Chocolate chip, oatmeal and raisins.
SPEAKER_L: Hello, All of that I tell you I I love it. All. Old mill raisin snickerdoodle. I take those any day and it
SPEAKER_R: I was just eating some Snickerdoodles. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Really? Uh huh. Good man. I tell you that's a party right there, you get some hot chocolate or something going with that to go. Glass of milk. That's a party. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Uh
SPEAKER_L: sure
SPEAKER_R: huh.
SPEAKER_L: no doubt about it. So uh what else uh what else is there anything that I'm gonna say like a crazy thing here? Okay and you tell me if it's out of line but is there anything I could be praying for in your life? Can I can I pray for something later on in the day and just something I could lift up to God and just say hey God I met a new friend today and I'd like you to to bless her is still in the blank. What is it? Can I do?
SPEAKER_R: I don't know how to, I don't know how to answer that.
SPEAKER_L: That's a that's a crazy question. I know it's different. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know because my mom prays for me all the time,
SPEAKER_L: That's super
SPEAKER_R: but I don't know what she prays. Oh, I guess she prays for my happiness, I guess happiness,
SPEAKER_L: can I do that too?
SPEAKER_R: I'd appreciate it.
SPEAKER_L: You got it? You got it? Yeah, that's not.
SPEAKER_R: We started the call. I came in a little late. I think I came in four minutes. So 25. Okay, so maybe at 29 or 30. That's one I guess that would be a sufficient time to
SPEAKER_L: Sounds sounds good to me. Yeah, yep.
SPEAKER_R: I have to do laundry today. Although
SPEAKER_L: Hey
SPEAKER_R: I love doing laundry.
SPEAKER_L: you like
SPEAKER_R: Good.
SPEAKER_L: the laundry?
SPEAKER_R: I do. I, I look well because it's new york city, I have to go to the laundromat and then forward, you know, all the clothes. But I don't know, it's, I don't think the manual labor, but I do, I do like organizing. I'm more of a housewife I think. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: super. I mean that's good.
SPEAKER_R: Do you like to do the laundry?
SPEAKER_L: I will do anything my wife tells me to do, I will do anything to make her happy if that if she wants me to do laundry and that helps her, she gets it. Like lately she wants me, she likes me to have the dishes done and maybe I cook supper maybe every other night or something, you know, because we both work and we don't have kids at home anymore, so whatever makes her happy, I'm happy and she she treats me the same way. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mm hmm. Uh Was there ever a point in your religion where having a divorce in a marriage that was like a sin?
SPEAKER_L: Well uh okay, so in my religion or my relationship with God, there's actually uh there's also there's actually just cost for divorce and there's two, there's two, there's two particular scriptures that tell you it's okay. one is if someone is being abused and mistreated, and the other is if someone continues to have an affair outside of marriage, and both of those cases, divorce is innocent. Both cases, the bible that I read says, okay,
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: in other words, God doesn't expect you to be in a relationship where somebody is going to hurt you
SPEAKER_R: And that's always been the case in in
SPEAKER_L: in mind.
SPEAKER_R: in your religion. Okay,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: okay. That's interesting because I know in some religions it's like you're you're bound to the person and I wonder,
SPEAKER_L: That's right.
SPEAKER_R: I wonder why would God make it so that people would be bounded.
SPEAKER_L: Well, there's an old testament verse and a new testament verse actually, where jesus says that if someone continues to have an affair or somebody is abusive to you, that you don't have to stay in that situation. Um But, you know, I only offer that because you asked. I mean, I don't I don't think it's a sin, and my religion doesn't see it as a sin if if that's the case. Now, if
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: you're
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: if you're just dumping somebody for the flavor of the month or whatever,
SPEAKER_R: first.
SPEAKER_L: you know, uh then that's a little bit different, that's treated a little bit different.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. My mom keeps coming in. Um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Why
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: do you
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: ask?
SPEAKER_R: it was always um because when I started talking to my friend who is a part of the saint later dale church, the that um I just remember, I remember doing a little bit more research are kind of looking for documentaries about religion and sometimes I'd hear about like the marriage situation and I think like, oh I wonder how it is. You know, would what would you, would you stay in a marriage to save face and not upset God and etcetera. Like that was kind of a question that I had, I didn't mean that you're you want to divorce your wife or anything
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: of course.
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: absolutely
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: not.
SPEAKER_R: just with the with the with the religious environment yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. No, I I absolutely get it. Yeah, so latter day saints, that's mormonism and so that is a a type of what they consider Christianity that is Basically 150 years old. Um There are parts of Christianity, there are 2000 years old
SPEAKER_R: You know you're working.
SPEAKER_L: And then there are parts of Christianity that are a little bit younger, mormonism is only about 150 years old.
SPEAKER_R: That's so interesting how there could be different things than a religion I don't understand. Do you have a documentary
SPEAKER_L: Hello.
SPEAKER_R: that you would recommend about religion Something that maybe
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: I could
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: want?
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And gender.
SPEAKER_L: well you know uh so I studied comparative religion in in college, so there's lots of that online. If you want to just study the history of Christianity and the history of buddhism and, and there's lots of that online. And when I went to school I studied buddhism, I wrote a, I wrote a paper on a capstone paper on buddhism underground. And so, um, but I, I think the difference, the major difference between the religions at least Christianity versus the other religions is Christianity. Um, basically had a headed God come down, lost you there. Sorry.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know what happened. But you're right. Right.
SPEAKER_L: anyway, I was just very quickly, I was saying that Christianity
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: had its God come down and die for man sense. Whereas the other religions are ways to work out your sense and your and your floss. And he says, we can't, we can't do it on our own that we needed, we needed God to do it, if that makes sense.
SPEAKER_R: Kind of okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay well
SPEAKER_L: It's really
SPEAKER_R: this was a lovely conversation.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And, and uh, I hope your family does really well. And I think it's awesome that your mom praise for you and for your happiness. And I do hope you're happy. I hope you have a wonderful day, too.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. You too. Bye.