can you hear me
okay? Can you see my camera?
Okay? And I can see and hear you as well, wow, okay. Yeah,
it's nice to me as well. Yeah.
Um That's an interesting uh Parker on the law. Is that something interesting? Maybe
you can put that
theology is in
mm. Like history.
Uh uh Not particularly. I used I used to be but not anymore
paint paint and sketch. Um I think that's pretty much about it. Ah that's such a shame. I wanted to ask you, what do you think is the best religion?
you, your favorite religion?
One more. I'm satisfied with that answer is Mhm.
I did one year of biology and then I had to drop out. Um But I do plan on going back to college too,
I'm not sure. Um I'm going to be around my sister who's a nurse so I think I might, there's something like that.
At three Sisters and two brothers. Small family. It
I think I think that's the average for like the caribbean family because my mom and dad, they're from Puerto rico and Dominican republic.
Mission trips. I had a friend who said mission trips and he was he was a part of a church saying ladder, is that is that the mission that you're talking about or is it or is it a different mission?
Um Would you ever consider going to the african continent?
No, I haven't been to Africa, but Africa was the first continent that um so one of my passions is flags. That's all right. Yeah. One of my passions is flags. Um So I know every flag in the world and the first continent which I learned all of the country flags was in Africa,
Toko
and Seychelles and mercy like I I so africa is special for me and I just I was I was curious if you've been to Africa before.
Um I've only traveled once and that was to the Dominican republic to see my to see my father to see my father's side. Um but I can't travel anymore because anxiety. No,
do you ever get, do you ever get anxious and you're mentioned?
You gotta cut your nails.
I was diagnosed with generalising side. You just disorder three years ago 2017 after I had a really bad panic attack
and
and I was I was on climate Japan and I was on another antidepressant but they made me lose so much weight that I had to get off of it. Mhm.
Um I find that something that relaxes me is learning more about what affects generalized anxiety disorder. So I learned that if you experience any type of trauma doesn't have to be extreme That child during your childhood that normally comes, it starts the surface in your 20's and that's that on what happened to me, I'm 23 now, so you know. Mhm,
No.
and you as well um I kind of wished that I was, I wish I could have ran away from home at a young age and been taken into like a church setting, but that never happened. I'm still I'm still hoping though, I don't know, I do want to do my community service, but with Covid and I live in new york city, so it's it's a complicated situation here. Mhm.
Uh Yes, I've lived here since I was born and um I'm not a fan, I'm not a fan of the other people. Um When I went to college I did go to a small village um an hour away from Buffalo in a small in a small village called Fredonia. And I really I really liked my time there. Um I wish I could Go back to like a small setting, but then it's very inconvenient. There was only one walmart amongst 12,000 people. I mean I don't know. Uh huh.
It's difficult, man. It's difficult. Okay.
Thank you
the tapestry.
Yes, that belongs to my sister, but I did help her hang hang it up and then I also have these lights and and are you epileptic?
Okay. Would you like to see my rain bullets?
Thank you.
Yeah, so just turn it on and then you see
it
would be better. So it's a lights were off, But then you wouldn't be able to see me.
No, I love the rainbow. I do I do want to do art again. But yes, I just have no inspiration. So,
um I was I was very passionate about um uh, tracing characters that I liked and cartoon shows are in those like anime shows. Um, and then and then I started having PTSD from my childhood. So then I I seem to have associated art with the trouble. So, so then I stopped.
hmm.
I just wanted to roll my passed away and stop doing everything.
Boy.
Um I use I've been using prolific for about since october um since last october and that's pretty much about it. I did consider, I did consider having like venturing into other online services providing online services, but it's just it's overwhelming. And there's so the the options are endless and I'm getting like option like fatigue or something like I just I just can't choose, I can't choose. Mhm.
Word.
This in total, this is my 7th 1. Um It might be my third. I don't I don't remember because they they did they did one session and then they stopped and then they resumed it. I think this is my second, I don't remember. But I do I do look prolific because sometimes I learned things about myself and I'm like, hi it's depressing, it's depressing stuff. You know, you read, you read you read you read situations like um so read this, read this short story and then tell me what you feel and then what's what's best for the what's best, what should the main character do? And then, and then they start asking you like like oh so so what are your personal beliefs and it's like well I told the main character to not like have so many flaws but then here I am like like do do I ever lie and do whatever, like whatever, whatever and it's like oh god I'm not the best person to be giving good ways. Yeah. Uh huh.
like that, it's anonymous, so Mhm.
Ohio
well
whoa gangster, I've only heard one thing about Ohio and it's there's a big drug issue and that's it,
Well
Uh I've I've been getting I've been interested in uh the uh I guess the the psychology behind drug users and how instead of penalizing people and giving them fines and blocking them into jail, we should be teaching these people from an early age how to cope with unhappy feelings.
Um And allowing them to express themselves. Maybe maybe get counseling, therapy stuff that with
you that way they don't have to do drugs.
But before.
True.
You know, you know a lot of things um for me, I find I'm asthmatic, so I've never smoked before. However, drinking, drinking my family, maybe some of my family members have drinking problems and I remember I'm actually I'm actually very proud, but I remember trying like my first sip of alcohol and thinking I can imagine myself being completely addicted to this and it's just thinking about this all day. So there was there was that one time and then there's a second time and then there was a third time and then I thought I can't like I, I should never drink, I, I won't be able to control myself so that's it. No more drinking. Yeah.
but
it's, it's, it's hard because you, it's like those cookies like you can, you can see yourself eating those cookies, but you shouldn't eat those cookies. Mhm.
Which,
which, which flavor of cookies?
Snicker
doodles, Chocolate chip, oatmeal and raisins.
I was just eating some Snickerdoodles. Yeah.
Uh
huh.
I don't know how to, I don't know how to answer that.
I don't know because my mom prays for me all the time,
but I don't know what she prays. Oh, I guess she prays for my happiness, I guess happiness,
I'd appreciate it.
We started the call. I came in a little late. I think I came in four minutes. So 25. Okay, so maybe at 29 or 30. That's one I guess that would be a sufficient time to
I have to do laundry today. Although
I love doing laundry.
Good.
I do. I, I look well because it's new york city, I have to go to the laundromat and then forward, you know, all the clothes. But I don't know, it's, I don't think the manual labor, but I do, I do like organizing. I'm more of a housewife I think. Yeah.
Yeah.
Do you like to do the laundry?
mm hmm. Uh Was there ever a point in your religion where having a divorce in a marriage that was like a sin?
mm.
And that's always been the case in in
in your religion. Okay,
okay. That's interesting because I know in some religions it's like you're you're bound to the person and I wonder,
I wonder why would God make it so that people would be bounded.
I
was
first.
Okay. My mom keeps coming in. Um
it
was
it was always um because when I started talking to my friend who is a part of the saint later dale church, the that um I just remember, I remember doing a little bit more research are kind of looking for documentaries about religion and sometimes I'd hear about like the marriage situation and I think like, oh I wonder how it is. You know, would what would you, would you stay in a marriage to save face and not upset God and etcetera. Like that was kind of a question that I had, I didn't mean that you're you want to divorce your wife or anything
of course.
But
it's
just with the with the with the religious environment yeah.
You know you're working.
That's so interesting how there could be different things than a religion I don't understand. Do you have a documentary
that you would recommend about religion Something that maybe
I could
want?
Yeah. And gender.
I don't know what happened. But you're right. Right.
What
Kind of okay.
Okay well
this was a lovely conversation.
Thank you. You too. Bye.