Check on Two. Yeah. Control Two. Thank you. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm That's good. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Hey, I just want to tell you how much I love you and you're a great friend to me and so happy that you said yes to marry me and we have a good life together and I'm very thankful for you. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah, mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mhm Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Mhm Yeah. And, and Mhm See he's gone from above, this is from above the father of Lights in which there is no variance whatsoever. God is always going to be the same and he's always sending down blessings. But you've got to be looking in the right direction in order to see him, you got to correct your focus whatever you fail to appreciate and leave your life, you've got good things in your life and you're in good places because you're showing honor in those places. And if you're not willing to show our appreciation for the places that you're at, you may not be there long. You say, well pastor, I don't really care too much from a job and you know, it kind of stakes. Well, guess what? You won't be there long. No worries. Yeah, you'll be out the door and you know, and uh, I like my spouse. Okay. But it's just tough to love him, you know, in their better efficiency. There's sharks too. There's more sharks than there are fish. Well, the grass is greener on the other side. Yes, that's the water bill and it's probably grown over a septic tank. Well, I think I can go get this right now. Yeah. You're immature if you're not willing to, if you're not willing to be growing where you're planted and put down roots where the in the places that God has given you. You may not remain in those places for very long. Just as say just ask Lucifer because that was his deal. Many of you think pride was the first thing. Can I challenge you? I don't think Pride was the first sent. I know it was the instrumental one, but I don't think it was the first one. I think dishonor and an thankfulness was the first sent that led to pride. Yeah. What he was in charge of in the first place was making sure that the son of God and that the father got praise and thanksgiving in honor and he failed in. Yeah. All right. In the attachment, Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. The old, Yeah. Uh huh. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah wow. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Okay. Okay. Okay mm hmm. Right. Mhm. Perhaps. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. It's what? Right. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. No. Mhm. I'm not Okay. Oh okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay cool. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh mama. Yeah. Okay. Trump. Okay trump. Mhm. Oh okay. What? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh cool. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Uh huh. Oh. Mhm. Oh yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Two cool. Oh yeah. Cool. Yeah. Uh huh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh yeah. Mhm. Oh. Oh. Oh come oh Alexa. What time is it The 04 p.m.
Yes I can
I can
nice to meet you.
What would you like to start
and
not really. It's a master's degree in theology that's not very interesting. Yeah.
Oh theology is the study of God. Yeah.
Um I would say I would say a majority of that type of degree is historical, sure at a graduate level at an undergrad level it's not it's mostly religious but graduate level master's degree and on it's mostly history, you seem like an artist. Are you artistic?
Mhm. What did you used to do? Did you used to paint or did you sculpt or?
You know what I think is religion. Uh huh.
My favorite, I I'm not a religious person believe it or not. Yeah religion is uh by my interpretation in my life lens is mostly a set of values and rules that are passed on by man. So if we're going to talk about what I believe, that might be a little bit different. But I'm into relationship with God, not religion. I think religion has killed more people than most of the world wars we found. Is that fair? That's your answer.
And where did you go to school or did you? What about your education?
Oh, super. What do you think you'll study?
Oh, that's great. Yeah, that would be, that would be really good. And so you've got one sister, you've got uh any other siblings there?
Super warm.
Oh, really? Cool. Really cool. Yeah, I do. I've done some mission trips in that area and then and do a lot of stuff in Jamaica and Mexico to love it. Love it.
Well, I just, I hope help people, I'm a pastor. So I hope people from uh my congregation go to impoverished areas and help people dig wells and build buildings and schools and love on people, just just go and love on people and help them and and those, that's my favorite part of the world, my daughter is missionary in Japan and it's really awesome out there too, but I I I tend to like uh south America central America Mexico, that's where I like to be my favorite people in the world. Are there, they're sweet and nice and kind and loving,
I have some friends that go there every year, I've got a got a fella in my church with, he's PhD teaches at college and he's from Togo. And have you been to africa?
Oh that's
awful.
that's super. Do you like to travel quite a bit, do you do you enjoy?
Of
yeah actually uh I've been diagnosed with general anxiety disorder so I I've been taking medication and I've been talking with people for Probably five years of my life now. It helped about five years ago I think it was mostly from my job. But um I've struggled with anxiety for a long time. In fact even if I could be kind of just real um sometimes I'll wake up in the morning, I've scratched my head you know because I'm so anxious even in my sleep and my wife would tell me you gotta you gotta wear gloves to bed or something and I probably shouldn't you know listen to my wife but
get my nails down and so do you know what I'm talking about?
Did
you
Yeah. Well hey listen I don't I don't know your pain or not your struggle with it but I can relate a little bit. I can tell you I know that that's a very real thing and You know what happens to guys that happens to gals. You know I'm 50. It didn't start for me until I was 45. Um but in my two of my Children who are married and they all I've got three kids, they're all married and gone. But two of my Children struggle with it too and it's just part of part of life you know? Yeah it ain't easy.
Well you're reading my mail? Yeah you're in my mail
when I get it was both of my parents were drug addicts and so I was actually taken in by the church so that's why I do what I do now because the church was was there for me and helped me out but my childhood was horrible. So I know I I hear you, I mean it's just like you just like you I know you just met me, but you're spot on. Yeah, Thanks for sharing. That really helps, you know? Yeah.
So how do you, how do you like new york, do you, have you lived there for quite a while?
Yeah. Yeah,
Yeah. The reason why I thought maybe you were quite inverted maybe in the art,
I noticed like that I think you've got to hang on your wall in the back.
Yeah, that's really, really sharp looking.
No,
absolutely. Yeah, I'd love
to.
Yeah, I like
that.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, those are awesome colors. That's
sure, sure. So, uh if you don't mind me asking, tell me about that, Why what happened to, what happened to the passion and the inspiration? What affected did something happen that affected you? Or or do you think?
got you, got you, yep,
yep, yep.
so everything went, yeah, okay, wow. Yeah, that's tough, you'd be about maybe um I hope it's okay to say you probably about my oldest daughter's age and she of, she got an art degree and and teachers are, but she mostly makes a, she mostly makes pottery and she said she's got a Tiktok account and she makes more money on that Tiktok accountant, she does as a teacher, you know, it's really neat, do you do other things online? I do a few things to try
to supplement.
prolific is pretty easy to use and they pay
pretty well and this is a great service here what we're doing, you know, I've done this maybe one other time and and it's uh it's really enjoyable, it's kind of nice you know to meet somebody I like different cultures and I like different people anyway, so it's pretty fun. Have you have you done any other of these or?
What? Yeah. Yeah, I feel the same way. It's kind of kind of a little bit revealing sometimes. Yeah.
works, that always helps. Yeah. So I've been to new york a couple times and really enjoyed myself. I thought it was really neat, gone to the, you know, down on a few times and that sort of thing. Uh huh. My son lives in philadelphia and is he does a lot of work with Children. They're in uh in philadelphia impoverished kids and that sort of thing. I always thought well maybe someday I'll go help my son do what he's doing and maybe visit new york a little bit more. I like I like being in the city you know it's kind of enjoyable but I don't live there now. I live I live in Findlay Ohio right now
as yeah yeah, a small
town in Ohio. Mhm. But I was born in Chicago, so
There is there's certainly yeah it's heroin yeah and it really is, it's destroyed, destroyed a lot of people's lives, you know it's really sad but
those people are they're being judged, they've got things that they really they can't manage in their life. And so heroin is seems like the only answer at the time and it's so addictive that they get hooked and they think they can walk away but they can't and it's really really hard to, one person told me that I was ministering to that. They wanted heroin more than they wanted to breathe. It's that strong of a hold on somebody's heart, you know? So yeah. And then there's a lot of it in in Ohio people think Ohio is all like conservative and everything. No, there's a real bad drug problem here. Yeah.
I agree.
what?
Right. Well said and you know, that's the reality that I think we need to be willing to embrace. Um You know, nobody when they're a child says I want to be a drug addict when I grow up. You know, nobody says that but that happens because they just cannot they cannot cope and manage with what they're going through. It's too hard. I mean think about like think about what we deal with in my own personal life. You know I had a season where, you know, it looks like alcohol could be the answer. I'm not saying there's anything wrong with drinking, but drinking for me, I'd be, you know, I would take that too far, you know?
Um and there was, there was a time in my life where I thought drugs would be the answer for me too. And really I was just, I was just so full of pain that I was trying to kill the pain somehow. You know? Uh, those weren't helping, but I thought at the time they were and uh, that's where a lot of people are at their just hurting so bad. I need, somebody needs somebody to love them, listening to them. You know, it's hard, it's hard for people and I just kind of say this too. I'm really, uh I'm really struggling with the amount of hatred that's in our in our culture, our nation right now. People are just full of hate and they just don't want to love people, you know if you're different to me than that I don't like you and I don't love you and I don't care what you're going through, that doesn't that doesn't help anybody mm
but what do I know I'm old.
Good. Yeah, good for you. I mean you know if if it's something you know that's not good for you, I think I think you're hard to tell you, you know?
Absolutely
now I will tell you I cannot resist cookies. I'm an addict. I'm junk food. I
love
oh I can a man, I'll tell you what
if
Hello, All of that I tell you I I love it. All. Old mill raisin snickerdoodle. I take those any day and it
Really? Uh huh. Good man. I tell you that's a party right there, you get some hot chocolate or something going with that to go. Glass of milk. That's a party. Oh
sure
no doubt about it. So uh what else uh what else is there anything that I'm gonna say like a crazy thing here? Okay and you tell me if it's out of line but is there anything I could be praying for in your life? Can I can I pray for something later on in the day and just something I could lift up to God and just say hey God I met a new friend today and I'd like you to to bless her is still in the blank. What is it? Can I do?
That's a that's a crazy question. I know it's different. Mhm.
That's super
can I do that too?
You got it? You got it? Yeah, that's not.
Sounds sounds good to me. Yeah, yep.
Hey
you like
the laundry?
Yeah,
super. I mean that's good.
I will do anything my wife tells me to do, I will do anything to make her happy if that if she wants me to do laundry and that helps her, she gets it. Like lately she wants me, she likes me to have the dishes done and maybe I cook supper maybe every other night or something, you know, because we both work and we don't have kids at home anymore, so whatever makes her happy, I'm happy and she she treats me the same way. Yeah.
Well uh okay, so in my religion or my relationship with God, there's actually uh there's also there's actually just cost for divorce and there's two, there's two, there's two particular scriptures that tell you it's okay. one is if someone is being abused and mistreated, and the other is if someone continues to have an affair outside of marriage, and both of those cases, divorce is innocent. Both cases, the bible that I read says, okay,
in other words, God doesn't expect you to be in a relationship where somebody is going to hurt you
in mind.
Mhm.
That's right.
Well, there's an old testament verse and a new testament verse actually, where jesus says that if someone continues to have an affair or somebody is abusive to you, that you don't have to stay in that situation. Um But, you know, I only offer that because you asked. I mean, I don't I don't think it's a sin, and my religion doesn't see it as a sin if if that's the case. Now, if
you're
if you're just dumping somebody for the flavor of the month or whatever,
you know, uh then that's a little bit different, that's treated a little bit different.
Yeah. Why
do you
ask?
No,
no,
absolutely
not.
Yeah. No, I I absolutely get it. Yeah, so latter day saints, that's mormonism and so that is a a type of what they consider Christianity that is Basically 150 years old. Um There are parts of Christianity, there are 2000 years old
And then there are parts of Christianity that are a little bit younger, mormonism is only about 150 years old.
Hello.
And
you
know,
well you know uh so I studied comparative religion in in college, so there's lots of that online. If you want to just study the history of Christianity and the history of buddhism and, and there's lots of that online. And when I went to school I studied buddhism, I wrote a, I wrote a paper on a capstone paper on buddhism underground. And so, um, but I, I think the difference, the major difference between the religions at least Christianity versus the other religions is Christianity. Um, basically had a headed God come down, lost you there. Sorry.
anyway, I was just very quickly, I was saying that Christianity
had its God come down and die for man sense. Whereas the other religions are ways to work out your sense and your and your floss. And he says, we can't, we can't do it on our own that we needed, we needed God to do it, if that makes sense.
Yeah.
It's really
Yeah. And, and uh, I hope your family does really well. And I think it's awesome that your mom praise for you and for your happiness. And I do hope you're happy. I hope you have a wonderful day, too.