mm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Can hey? Mhm, yep.
Hey,
hey, doing
pretty good,
pretty good. What's up?
Thank you. It was kind of a pain there to put up to five hours to get that thing up there.
Yes,
Yeah, I know, it's that's when I got it, I'm like, this seems like a really cool concept until you try to get up, you gotta, because it's all, you know, different sizes so you have to kind of match it up. So that way, when you look at it, you know, it just gets to go to effect, but uh
Oh
man,
I'm matt pleasure to meet you.
Uh New Jersey.
Oh, that's interesting. How's it out there?
I was gonna say uh usually the Northeast is just uh we're slammed slammed with like cold weather, everything, it's miserable. Oh,
uh as a kid, I did not anymore.
Now
I have to
shovel it so it's not so good. Mhm.
Yeah, I would, I would imagine that's got a, it's gonna suck a little bit.
I mean if you wanted to, I mean, you ought to be like super like special with you, put like a, you know, like a little bulldozer ramp and you can just shove it all the snow out of the way.
you know, I like to work too.
Mhm Oh man, So what do you, what do you do? You are you in school job?
would have
I'm really not sure what that is.
I was gonna say you have the convenience of homes that way, you just kind of, you can get the best of both worlds, like with Covid II to uh you know, have to go in five days a week. And um in March they told us, you know, go home like, you know, we're gonna be out of, we're gonna be out of the office for 56 days, I'm like 56 days, oh
my God, here we are, seven months later. Um But I imagine I honestly couldn't imagine going back to five days
It's just it's it's weird,
so I'm I'm a criminal prosecutor,
so
I go after, yeah uh I go up to that guys.
It's hell, it is. Hell
yeah, no, I I would uh I completely wholeheartedly agree with that. It's it's um it's often
you've got three years of hell for if you're doing part time, I did full time, I'm like, you know what, let me just get it done. Um And then you have the
bar exam which is pretty much 2.5 months, it's like a full time job, like 8 to 10 hours a day of studying for one test that last two days and about 12, 12 12 hours. So you do six hours a day.
It's.
you do uh three hours in the morning, three hours in the afternoon. And then you do it the next day. First days all s a second days. All multiple choice. But
brutal. It's brutal. But I knew, I mean like I wanted to be an attorney since I was
13. So I was like, you know what I knew, I I you know I was lucky in the sense that I knew exactly what I wanted to do. Um So after college and like you know some of my friends were like oh I don't know if I wanna, you know
I I'm done with school, I can't do it. I'm like I got three more years, I gotta keep going by the end of law school. I never want to take a test again, I don't want to see, no I don't want to deal with anything, I don't want to study for shit. Um.
um. Yeah no
it's it's definitely an interesting job. You get you get stories that um you know you don't typically get probably elsewhere. Like some of my friends will you know um you know they'll do other jobs, it's kind of like the same thing day in day out but mine, it's like I could be dealing with
someone who is dealing cocaine um on a on a big grants level
or someone who is in a car chase and you know causing danger just trying to get away from police. It's it's I've gotten a full spectrum of things. It's been pretty interesting.
so I'll disagree. Um Law school it teaches you theories of like you know this is the theories behind criminal law and theories behind contract law, They don't teach you how to be an attorney, it's just kind of like you learn the theory is just law school is just so you can pass the bar exam after that. What you really want to look at is internships, where can
you intern, where can
you work during law school during college that you'll be able to get the practical side? Like okay this is how it really is because there's a lot of stuff in real life that
they don't teach you in law school. The only thing I found that was good law school was mock trial, which was you know, you learn how to do objections,
how to make an opening statement in front of a jury, um how to cross examine witnesses, direct examine witnesses. So it's that stuff I loved, I was involved in that all three years. So it's you know it's like a double edged sword. The studying portion of it awful but the practical side was cool.
Hence why you are in the cut co sailing business.
I
can
imagine.
Well
I guess it depends like if you're going to school to become a plumber or something or an electrician. Sure. I mean that's here's how you do it. But
normal college I agree, I agree there's a lot of classes in there that you don't need and it's like I knew from middle school, I don't know math, I'm not I'm not gonna need math.
Like you know calculators and stuff like I don't I don't need that. Um But I can definitely see how it's you know especially um someone in your position, it's like no one can prepare you for like what you said, like going against enable body person and someone that has cerebral palsy and trying to figure out how how do you work around that? And it's like, I feel like people, it's like the easy out for them and it's not necessarily, it's not fair. Like, I mean, speaking with you, I mean
it's seems like a great guy, like, you know, you have work experience, like you clearly are able to contribute just as much as anyone else can. So it's like, I don't see why, you know, whether you have a wheelchair or no wheelchair or cane or whatever. I mean, it shouldn't, you know, make a difference. So even when you say the virtual assistant thing, I mean, I think that would be perfect because it doesn't matter, you know what your physical mobility is or anything like that, you're able to do that job
and
do
it great,
you know?
Uh You know for me I I have to like I'm
a talker so I like to you know keep conversations going when I try to use humor whenever I can. Um You know because it's
like that was I had my first one yesterday too and I had you know a lady that was you know, she was nice, she was down from south of South Dakota and um you know it wasn't her first time doing it either. Yesterday was the first
time I ever did this um and I was just afraid of like I was going to get you know the guy that's like uh so what do
you like, you know,
you know
like I
eat conversation ago because I feed off other
people's energy. So if you're you know as good conversationally towards me then it's it's gonna work easy. So.
Yeah. You know the thing is it's like look is you know getting
the money and everything good. Sure.
I mean of course like you know just this is like 17 50 for a half an hour. That's great. But the thing is like I do see the importance of these studies like you know you have someone that's using this data better something,
they're trying to research something. So it's like I'm all on board with helping that but then you know the money is pretty good too so it's like as long as you have that double edged sword you're you're good. Yes.
My. Uh So yeah it's funny because I'm the only one um in my family that's really not like my brother and my my dad or more into sports. I. No nothing, I don't have any bike background in it. Um And I'm in much better shape physically than my brother and my dad or anyone else in my family and people like you who didn't play sports, I'm like no, I just never found it interesting. I'd like someone like I have to be entertained constantly. I just don't know what sports like if I see one game, it's like they all seem to kind of blend together for me that just make, I mean something like UFC I could probably watch because it's like oh this is, you know, this is interesting.
Yeah and it's just like oh someone's getting their ass beat, like okay that's, you know. Yeah, but
you know um the other than that like usually like I'll do um you know I watch tv I'll read um you know, I got my playstation um you know, I try to keep busy the best I can. Mom stuck at home.
Yeah I mean like I'll uh so what I'll have is like if I have a court hearing coming up um you know I have to get suited up and then I just log in, they have virtual court going now and you just appear before
the
judge. Yeah and you know you get to do everything you would
normally do in person. Um So it's like super convenient, it's like okay I would rather do this than you have to travel and to work, it's just easier you know?
Well it depends I mean if yeah they
always do if they're in jail they'll put them you know they'll they'll connect to the jail um and then they'll come in that way or if they were released on a summons meaning okay we're not going to put you in jail, but make sure you come back, they give them a link and then they sign in and they go into like something exactly like this.
But so what do you like to do? Like what's uh
I've
tried
and fail.
Yeah, that's, it's not my, I don't know what it is. I'm just not coordinated like that. I just, I don't know.
You know, I never, I never get a nascar like it's like okay, Daytona 500 around and around and around. I'm like, how does anyone watch that? I don't know. They're always like a crash. Like I can't, I can't do that.
It
was
like
the destruction derby. Okay, now now we're talking that would be a little bit more interesting to watch. But no, I'm, I could probably watch two laps and be done.
You know what's funny? I actually heard
um someone used the flights that never had any kind of formal training. They use that like the flight simulator, I guess it's a game or whatever. Um And when they went to go take actual flying lessons, it's actually extremely accurate. They actually were able to show the in charge. Like this is how they were doing. Like wow, how do you know this is like flight simulator, so it is actually very accurate
from my heart.
What?
Sorry?
I was gonna say sometimes technology does win.
Yeah, that's pretty cool. Like I've never I've never used it. I I do like virtual reality, I like um you know, stuff like that. I do find that when I use virtual reality, like my head starts to hurt after like a half hour, like I started getting migraines have to take it off. But um stuff like that, it's just, it's like you get transported to another world. Um There's a, I went to Vegas this time last year and there was a place there and they're around the country, there might, it might be one. They have different location. I don't know, I don't know if it was Idaho, maybe like a neighboring state of Idaho but it's called the void. And basically what you do is they give you like this vest to where they put a helmet on your head and you have like these uh you know I didn't have anything on my hands but they put you in a room and your whole world just gets I mean like you're not here
anymore.
and I mean the best what happens is I didn't want it was like a demon hunter thing and if you get hit you feel it
and it was just it was so unbelievable and me and my dad went in there and since it was a horror one, um at one point we got separated, so he was gone, we thought we were going to do it together. Um and then he just gets separated, you're getting chased by this monster thing throughout the whole thing and it was just so
eerily
realistic, I'm like this is awesome, this is where I want games to go, because it's awesome.
Give it time. It might be the way technology is advancing, who knows?
you
never
know.
yeah.
absolutely the same. I'm so thankful
that I'm not going through the experience that you had yesterday with someone else, you're like, oh shit, like how much time is left? Yeah,
No,
you're all
so
the question
I want to see because a lot of people, how old do you think I am? Yeah,
You usually, I get at least two to about
2 to 3 years younger than I am 28. I've got, I've gone to movie theaters and and this was like a year and a half ago and I was ex friday. So
I was like, okay, I was like, all right, come on. I know, I'm more than said, I looked more than 17,
correct. That's
that's
you know, last year I did the no shave november thing and I was like, you know what, let me see what I look like with a beard because I'm always clean shaven and I was like, I didn't like it, I was like, it's I don't know, I just didn't look good on me, I was like, I was um uh huh. It wasn't for me.
I think it fits.
I think if you um like even like shape it
it would even
be better. It's like if you shape it um you know to where it's you know it's
more
then it would be like okay now it's like but I think it it definitely suits um your facial. Like for me I can't do a beard. Like my I've tried like I have like a picture of myself from what I did and I was like I'm not but I think you can pull it off much better than I could. So
I
mean you might have started yours before mine. I still have like a like two minutes left. I didn't know if you want to make sure that we're like we're on it
because their instructions are like oh yeah, you know if you're even like 15 seconds
under it you're not gonna get, it's like well you know what I was like you know what, give me a break.
Yeah I got one brother, he's four years younger than me
now my dad kind of wishes he had like a daughter. Um but you know he's like two boys, he
said it's just easier to take care of boys and his girl, so I
probably
would
agree.
Big ass
family.
How many how many minutes apart?
For?
Damn.
Oh that's
funny. Oh my goodness.
how old is the
oldest?
now
you know it's funny you said that I was 36 I would have thought that you were probably my age, I would have thought they were like mid to late twenties.
It's always better luck younger than older.
It's absolutely same here.
I'll look into it.
You too. Hopefully we I
think you can participate to six times, so it's $105. So you already have.
I done,
I'll definitely take that money.
Have a great day,
but.