Hello. Hello,
how
are you doing?
Open?
Not much. I like your background.
Five hours. Yeah.
Well it's about time People appreciate it then if it takes five hours to get up there.
it looks the way it's supposed to so. Yeah. Oh
well
my name is Evan.
Good to meet you too. Where are you? Where are you coming from? Where are you from?
New Jersey. Alright. I'm from all the way across the country in Idaho,
it's getting colder and uh
you must like snow then.
Not
even
run.
Let's thankfully something I don't have to uh worry about too much being in a wheelchair and all. I don't have to worry about the shoveling part but I have to worry about the getting stuck part so.
Oh just just his head. Yeah.
Bulldozer ramp or put uh many chains on my wheelchair anymore. Yeah,
I know right.
I am actually right now. I am in between jobs. I um I like to work from home because transportation is a big deal for me getting to and
from places and things like that. And I don't know if you're familiar with cut co knives. Uh Cut Co is a brand of really high class kitchenware and knives and stuff like that. I was a representative for them and did uh selling of cut cone knife for a while. But what was hard about that was um you had the set up your presentations based on referrals, so if you didn't get any referrals or if the people you presented to didn't give you any more names, business dried up really fast. So um then I've been doing something like this. I've been uh doing prolific and doing various other things to kind of bring in some side money, but I'm I'm looking on becoming a virtual assistant if you've ever heard of that.
So virtual assistant is somebody that um people hired to schedule their appointments for them or manage their calendar for them or set up travel uh reservations for them or whatever. So they like people that are big business people, they use virtual assistance of law that way they don't have to um manage their own schedule and manage their own reservations and stuff like that and you can do it from home.
what?
Football. Mhm.
So what do you what do you do? What? Yeah.
You
are
no freaking way. I actually thought about going to law school at one point and
Oh I have been told that I have been told that it's really rough and so you have to be really into it if you're gonna do it and.
What?
all.
12
hour exam. Are you kidding me? What?
Holy crap.
Well.
Well.
that is hilarious. Mhm.
What?
Well.
What?
so I guess the time spent in studying is definitely worth what you get out of it because it's
What
off?
They don't teach you look.
What?
Well that's cool. So um I I actually went to school, I went to Boise State University to study um mass communications. And so uh
all right we'll see. And what I was gonna say about my degree is that it's very expensive toilet paper in my opinion. Um They didn't really tell you that once you get out of school there is literally no guarantee in getting a job in the field and especially having a disability, cerebral palsy is what I have and having a disability. Um, there's a lot of knobs and switches and switchboards that you have to be able to use, which I could. But when you are applying next to an able bodied person, people like to say they are not discriminatory. They are not uh, you know, whatever. But when they have a chance to hire someone with total physical ability versus somebody with very little physical ability, it's very hard for them to hire the guy in a wheelchair and I respect that. But it's been really rough to find
long
term.
Yeah. Job after school. And what I tell people is, I'm not really sure that school prepares you for a job at all. Like it just it's
ruth
or
All
What?
As long
as you're good
on your
phone,
they don't really care, you know, so you can schedule appointments and do stuff like that. So yeah, it's um I can still talking to you. I talk to you for 12 minutes and I can tell talking to you. I would like to uh talk to you for probably an hour. You're a very outspoken guy. You're very funny. You're very uh it's easy to talk to you. I was I was doing this yesterday with somebody. He was probably um I don't know, low twenties and he just was not a conversationalist.
well.
well.
Well.
well.
So
what's
up?
What?
All right. Well, I guarantee you there are some people doing this study because you are number three. For me, you are number three. And there are some people that are doing this study that I'm like, why would you ever do a conversation study if you're not going to be calm resembling
well?
Well.
What?
And so besides prolific. And besides your law that you practice, what do you do for fun? Are you into sports? Are you into?
it's different every time. Yeah.
For,
so, I mean do you work while you're home uh, doing well or what do you do like while you're home?
then
you
Whatever.
Absolutely. So does the defendant show up in virtual court or did they
I
Okay. Like zoom or like this or whatever and then they have a chance to be present at their hearing or whatever. So Okay, cool.
Well unlike you, I am kind of in the sports. I, I like a few different sports. I'm a big fan of american football, I'm a big fan of baseball and a big fan of ice hockey. So, um, I follow sports a lot, which is funny because I never played sports physically and
so maybe
that
how you doing,
So yeah, I never played sports physically and maybe that's why I'm a good fan because I have nothing to compare it to, you know, I have nothing to be like, well, it's a lot more fun to play. But um, I hate golf, I hate Nascar. I just,
What
did
you
ever
and I'm also, so you watch two more than me, but mhm. Um, I'm also into flight simulators. Um, I really love airplanes and I love to fly and so I use a flight simulator a lot.
so what?
accurate.
In fact, they just came out with one in 2020 in august, so two months ago, a brand new one Microsoft came out with a brand new flight simulator and they used google imaging. So the images that you see are real images
from the location that you're flying over at that time, so it's
pretty insane.
Yeah, yeah, definitely. So that's what I do and it's kind of nerdy, but I like it. Um
what?
You're not there in the room and here somewhere else? Yeah.
What,
Well,
well,
Mhm. Cool. So yeah, most people use gaming to get away from reality. I use gaming to get into reality because I can do things that I can't physically do in game, like there's no way I would be able to actually physically fly a plane, but now I'm given the opportunity,
who knows? Maybe you'll fly a commercial jet with the joystick and you'll just be in another location, you won't
even
beyond
the plane, you'll just fly from another located and I don't know, but um yeah, so anyway, that's that um that's what I do this by the way, has been a very interesting conversation. Uh
yesterday I kept looking at the clock and and today I'm like, oh day you just treat when you do so um but yeah, it's been very pleasurable to talk to you um
what?
I know, so if you do experience that, just be prepared. Um but my last name is smith. If you want to look me up on facebook, my name is Evan smith. If you want to stay friends outside of this conversation that's perfectly cool. I would love to be able to do that with you if you want to if not no hard feelings but you can look me up
and
weekends their friends because this has been a really plus you seem like you're around my age group so it's kind of cool to
talk
to.
Okay that's a good question. I'm going to guess because you asked me to I'm gonna say you're 36. Well what?
look
No
you've got to grow,
you
gotta grow one of these and then they wouldn't ask you, you know?
On his opinion doesn't look good on me or no.
Yeah You do.
What?
Well,
Point
it down. Yeah. Yeah.
In school? Well, yeah. Well, hey, we made it and uh,
it's 25.
Yeah. We don't, we don't want to be Egypt out of the time so.
Well.
Do you have do you have any brothers and sisters or?
okay. No sisters. Huh.
What?
well
that's
what
I hear because because girls are a lot of drama because take it from me, I have five sisters and only two brothers. So. Oh yeah.
Well
we we have a including medium and family and I'm the last one and yeah, we have eight and uh I'm the last one but I'm also a twin. So Yeah.
But four.
No,
yeah, she's older than me before minutes. So what we do on our birthday is I call her first and then she says something like, well, I got to go, I'm pretty busy around here and she hangs up the phone and calls me back four minutes later. Oh yeah. Mhm.
So
we have some fun with it. But we are we are the last of eight kids and uh they're all biological too. So
or
48. So there's 14 years different on 34 and 48. So there's 14 years difference
between
My body is small or too because of my disability. So I'm not surprised that people think I'm younger then I am so Oh
I know. Right? I know. Right. But Hey, it's been a real pleasure.
I really, really enjoyed it. Look me up if you want to. And
best of luck in this study.
that's
***.
I'll take it. Uh huh.
All right, man. We'll see you later.
You too. Bye bye.