Hey, you hear me? Mhm
Yeah, everybody's
so
quiet,
terry
go how girls? It? Okay,
decent. Pretty good day
over here. Have you ever done one of these before?
Me neither, so I'm just we're just gonna wing it I guess so.
What do you got?
My name is Charles, berg uh Charles,
everybody just calls me Check Bill.
I'm technically money from Montana, but I grew up in Oregon.
Oh yeah, we're at northern
water cow,
I'm right on the border of California and Oregon about three miles from the border, so I'm right across the way your guys, this fire came came across the road and almost got
man that wasn't that was horrible, you guys have that down there at all?
our whole state was too, we had like 30 fires going. It all happened like, you know we had those high winds for like a day and there was fires everywhere Mhm
I'm 44 and this is the worst year of my life, I got to say that,
So
I
I know
people
are
70 years old that this is the worst year of their lives, so.
No,
no, there's
nothing
there's nothing good about this year. I can't think of one positive thing that's come out of this year
and it's
just
it's just one after another. I mean it just doesn't stop. Come on.
You
can
think
of.
I don't know if there was any, there was much to that story, you know, they it came up and I heard there was a couple in this state, but that's about
it. It's just a story to throw out there to make 2020 seem even weirder.
you don't need to throw anything on top of it to make it weird, That's for sure.
uh so uh awkward pauses and whatnot. Um Yes, sports fan, are you a sports fan?
No ducks.
No.
Well
these days who has cable anymore,
Everything
streaming these days, I canceled my cable distribution. I think it was like 180. You got up to $180 or something like that. I canceled everything switched over to streaming and paying like $60 a month for everything now
on
staying in business.
You gotta yeah, everybody's got an app. It seems like
like
prime
Day
yesterday, I think I picked up a couple for like a dollar for two months or something like that.
I think, yeah, I think I got, let's see, I gotta tell you, I got netflix, I got ESPN plus I got I got Disney uh Let me see what else. I know, I got another one right?
No, I don't have HBO.
I'm in an interview. Uh huh.
Yeah. No, it's my roommate. Yeah.
Normally
I do a construction like carpentry and that kind of thing. But
this time but this time of year it's harvest season and I live right in the banana belt where everybody harvesting their crops right?
Uh Well there's a little right now, just because of the way things have been, nobody wants, you understand nobody wants you in there damn house anymore. You know that was half of our business was doing small little remodels inside. You know, people don't want people coming to their house right now.
Howdy. Mhm.
You
are,
thank you. Okay.
my my dad ended up having to retire earlier, but it wasn't, it wasn't for the same reason they kind of got bought out by warehouses and they forced them out. They were it was either retire or lose your pension, so.
Mhm. Yeah. Especially cause he retired about 10 years earlier than you want, which would have doubled his pension. Yeah, let's
help.
Yeah. Well that's kind of how it works. So it's like every five years it was, it was doubling once you get to a certain point And then the last
five
years, the last 10 years are the biggest ones you need, so. Mhm. So
he's
working
part time now, he's 65 years old and had to get a part time job. Uh huh.
Thank
you.
no
life works
out
how it works out. There's a job for everybody for a certain period of time in their life, so Oh
yeah.
Thank you.
So
it's
a one on one. Do you do a one on one or is it like a group? Yeah.
Just one of them.
Yeah. I just thought maybe I'd like glass or something would be to during a class or something to that effect. Mhm, mm
So what, what, what your college again?
Well, unless
gotta get a plan for the future.
Problem.
Remember.
Uh huh.
Yeah.
No,
On
top,
Is an
electrical field stores for like a, or
like a house or something. Even a story like that, what you're talking about or
We can spend the next 15 minutes, you can tell me what I don't know. Yeah.
That's what I was.
That's where I was.
If they were
to sell it right back to you, they'd assaulted salt right back to you for 10 times that
The
multiple.
Yeah.
Smart.
Come
on.
No.
I
have. Mhm.
All
Yeah.
Help
me.
It's
not
that.
See that's what I want. That's what I was wondering what you if you were talking about it made like a liquid fuel or something. Is that what you're talking about storing the energy way?
huh
Great
plan.
What?
Well done. Well, you have 25 minutes for that. We are a rap here. This is all over with.
Yeah, it was interesting. It was, it really is. Yeah.
No,
no,
I'm not right.
that's it.
Thank
you.
You
know.
We have a really little population here. There's only four million people in this whole state. So we got a while, we got a little bit of time.
true.
Look,
man, that's it's great. It's great. Mhm. I wouldn't want to do what I do physically. You know, I really wouldn't if I if I had gone back and do it again, I wouldn't I wouldn't be what I'm doing what I'm doing now.
You
Let's wrap this up. I gotta get, I gotta take care of some things.
Yeah, I think we can, I think we just check out of here at a certain time.
Yeah.
Yeah, man, you have a good day