All
I can hear you.
You
hear me?
Can you hear
me
That's good. How about you? How's everything
billy?
nah.
Talk for 25 minutes. That's not a big deal.
Oh I was just gonna say my name is thomas. What's your name?
to meet you.
Uh chuck. Where are you from?
Oh I love Oregon. I just actually visited their, I'm in California right now.
Southern California.
Yeah. Near L. A.
You're welcome. You're welcome.
Yeah. We got a bunch of smoke. I mean the whole California as a whole was on fire. Was it Northern California? All the way down to southern California. Yeah.
threw me off for like a while because uh 2020 is the worst year ever. It's the worst you're ever by far. I have no idea how we have a pandemic and fires. That is the worst.
I'm
27
days
on Earth.
Your
father.
Yeah. My dad was, when I was talking to him he's like 65 and he was saying that like he's never seen a year this horrendous amber
ever
the
same.
Yeah. It's absolutely insane.
Was
online.
and it's crazy because I was like every time you look at the news or you see something new like murder hornets wasn't the top story.
That's
the thing
you're
wearing. That came and went instantly. That's like that's just crazy. I have no idea how that happens. That should be top news right there. It was like for like five seconds.
It
2020 is already weird enough I don't think.
Yeah I feel it. It's kind of nuts.
Um I occasionally watch sports. It's been a little bit tough lately. Uh I'm a student. I go to school at U. C. L. A. And what was it go Bruins. And
uh I'm
just kind of but I usually watch NBA with my family and then I watch football but just always miss it because I don't have cable because why would I pay for cable if I'm away?
But
that's true. A lot of people just stream it
but
I
feel like
that's true. I mean it's crazy. I was actually talking to someone, there's a convergence Between streaming services where we moved away from originally TV being a continuous program so you'd watch your TV channel whatever continuously and there wouldn't be commercials. Then they added like 50% commercials and maybe now it's like 75% commercials and 25% TV And then everyone's like Okay let's go move to streaming because now we can watch 100% TV and then now people are adding an ads, you know it's starting to ship back into that. But then now it's even worse because you can't even pay for the channels that you want because now instead of paying for just one thing to get everything now you're paying 1000 times that one stream to get everything. That's Disney.
Yeah it's nuts.
I
was
on
yeah I mean it's good but it's tough. I think that's it's just fine to me because I can't I can't imagine someone actually paying for all of those which ends up being some of my friends.
H. V. L.
If you had HBO you want checked off all the boxes man.
You're talking to your best blood thomas.
So what do you do um
Brother?
that's
Does that mean there's like a lull in the business?
yeah that's tough. My dad actually um was it retired because of issues like that? Yeah. So, um, what was it? She works on automotive cars, so he just fixes up cars. But his issue was that like, because everyone was staying at home, no one was bringing cars, no one was moving, no one was driving, so there's less maintenance, there's less of a demand. And he was like, well, screw this and he just said whatever bounced out. He retired not really early, but I guess like a little bit,
he's
16,
Five or four I forgot, but like it's at the age where you can retire, but he was hoping to work a little bit longer since he started a bit later in terms of savings. So I don't know, it was just like one of those things, he was like, well, you know, it's great. I made the decision for me. Yeah,
good talk. Um,
Oh man. That's like the worst.
It's kind
of crazy with mergers like that.
I
see. Your son.
The last
little
bit
that's so rough. It always actually kind of um, it breaks my heart sometimes
when I see someone like I'm back, like I go to grocery store or something like that and I see an older gentleman helping
me out and I'm like, I don't know if I should feel bad, like I should be the one. No, no, it's okay. And I do my own things I don't like cause more issues room, but then
don't know.
Very
true.
Mhm.
The most, the, I've had a few jobs so far, but the most, I guess Length one would be tutoring, so I'm only tutoring science classes and there was like a program actually that was started because of covid because everyone's at home, parents need to like take care of their kids, but not every parent is a dot like is good. Like they don't, they don't feel comfortable like necessarily teaching all of the subjects. It's been like multiple years since they've actually taken said physics and chemistry class. So they reached out to the community like by the schools and they started asking for students to pitch in and say like, hey, can you guys tutor for a couple hours a week? Help out elementary school students. Especially since student or middle school or high school. And the students aren't,
this is me in front of the, in the classroom, right? They can't like actually have face to face contact except for through zoom like this webcam stuff. So yeah, I'm just
helping
out
usually one at once.
Yeah. Usually because it's like, it's really hard for them to try to match up students with similar things because every student usually you want to like really tailor their education for them. So some students having trouble in algebra and other students is having trouble more so on like geometry or something like that, you can't pair them together just because their math.
no, they don't have any program specifically for that at the moment. Yeah,
I am going to be a senior, so
this is the last year. Yeah, Yeah.
I've done a couple internships so far and I don't know, I'm kind of optimistic I guess. So I've done uh primarily my focus from my uh, I guess career outlook or what I want to do, mainly focuses on renewable energy. So essentially we believe that there's a limited amount of
carbon based resources on earth. Think about cole, thinking
about oil, I think about all these like really nasty toxic um
carbon rich soil source of fuel sources. Um
but we can really use renewable energy to our benefit. We can take
sunlight. We can take um when geothermal, we can take all of these renewable energy sources and try to figure out a way to store that energy or converted to liquid fuel or just a fuel in general.
So
that's essentially what I've been looking into. And one of the research groups have been working with has been looking into creating solar fuels. So getting the sunlight and turning that into a fuel source. Yeah,
So
you're
essentially that's really a question.
Yeah, it's really fine. Um It's a little bit about my work and stuff like that, and also like what the lab does. Um but essentially the sun has, you can approximate the son to have a approximately like an infinite amount of energy for your lifetime and essentially for the, your generation of kids and so forth. We'll just have to quote an infinite amount of power. And that power is essentially constant and it's only dictated by your time. So at noon above you, usually that means that the sun is at its peak. It is max power, but you only have solar power from dawn to dusk, right? You only have a limited amount of power. So what are you going to do with the solar panel that's just collecting a bunch of sunlight? But then it gives you enough power for you to do your whatever have a hairdryer or someone that right? You're plugging your hair dryer, you're blowing your hair and it powers that up. But then say for example, you make more power Then die, right? So say you need 10 watts of energy and No, what is uh great. So say for example, just say for example some unit, I can't think of it all the time ahead anyways watchtowers. Yeah. What hours on what hours of uh was it energy to power your hair dryer? But it produces 20 what you gonna do with extra tang?
So,
so a lot of people right now sell that mutt, sell that energy back to the grid for pennies on the dollar. So say for example, you by your energy at your house for maybe um northern California. I think it's like probably a little bit, Probably a little bit cheaper than like a lot of the cities. So I'm guessing like something like 19 cents per kilowatt hour or something like that. Maybe he was like 30 if there really was expensive or some like that and then it goes up in tears as you use more energy and demand at these peak hours, you could cost more money. So what they end up doing is when you sell, when you buy it at that price, but if you sell it back at any given time, The issue is, is that you get like three cents or even a, like a penny for that kilowatt hours. So you're getting like them essentially free money back to the government that you're
safe.
Yeah. So essentially what they do right now at the current status, there's electrical grid that connects your state, generally other states too. But um, it's all across the US and I guess certain grids connected, certain grids. But anyways, long story short they take the load and then they take the output. So like how much people are drawing, they'll put more energy into balance it. So they're always doing essentially someone's behind a desk, always balancing the work, like how much people demand and then how much they can output if there's too much output, What they end up doing is they tell um was it certain plants that only operate a night to start working? So say for example, there's a quarry or there's a forge or there's some recycling plant that's very energy intensive. They would tell them, hey, we got really cheap energy, start ramping it up, they pull it up, they pull up the demands and meets the output and then say for example, there's too big of a demand during summer when everyone's running the A. C huge demand low output. So then they start having to go turn on these natural gas planet. So they started burning natural gas, turn boil, water turns turbines create energy and then the output turns into the demand. So right now, awful idea, awful idea to do that. Because you're basically saying that like you're adjusting the
output,
you're adjusting the demand. You're always telling people like back and forth based on economy of energy. You should do this now. You should do this now, you should do this later, you should do this now, you should do this later. Another way we can do this is we can store energy. How do we store energy? You can store energy through chemical bonds. So you can store energy in terms of fuels or you store energy in terms of batteries. So there's two different topics in two schools of thought. But with batteries, it's really interesting. There's a lot of science and it's a you have a fun right? You have a
latest or someone
that everyone, I'm just, I'm just asking. So in your smartphone, whatever it is, it has low capacity, it is a decent battery for the technology but it doesn't hold anything In your battery. You could you could charge it I think like something like 10 times And that would be the equivalent of a middle liter of gasoline. So in the middle liter of gasoline, you'd have enough energy to charge your battery like 10 times. It's
some
ridiculous number. If you think about that, all that energy, you
need 10 batteries for just a droplet of we're not dropping like a small little mill liter of gasoline. If we're able to make gasoline, were able to store things that energy dense in a lower volume. So in the batteries just so I know for Solar fields logo, it's time and second batteries are not energy dense. Whoever says that lying to you basically take a bunch of space that they hold no charge. So they could, they could, you know, they could power your item. Say for example a battery or a laptop, a phone. I don't know your car. What ends up having is there's like a certain volume that they need
electrolyte.
no, the cathode, they need a certain amount of space in there to actually hold that charge, hold the amount of energy that you need. So say for example, you as a The governor of California now, you're like, I want to switch over 100% renewable energy. That means that you need to figure out a way to store that renewable energy. How would you do that? Let's try batteries. That means that you need to build giant freaking factories,
giant buildings full of batteries. You can do that. But then batteries degrade as you know, when you first bought your phone versus now how crappy is that battery? It's awful. Right? Everyone complains about it. You originally charge your phone once a day and it can last you three days now you charge your phone every two hours, Right?
So that's the issue with energy storage. It does not really work very well. It works, it works fine for devices don't get me wrong, your drill, you know, your power drill at home and stuff like that. Power drill at work, totally fine works perfectly good for five years, 10 years, replace it, right? But when you're looking for long term solutions for the infrastructure of a, like a government, local government, federal government, these
things are
bigger issues than just five year band aids, right? You can just
slap
that on
and say taxpayers pay for this and in five years we're going to build a new one, especially since there's a limited source of these precious metals needed to make these batteries and um other components. So that's just one thing lithium ion batteries, but there's all these other types of batteries and then there's even batteries are called flow batteries which are like these giant containers think of like Gatorade and like giant cylinders of Gatorade and then you have like a plate and then when you run it, you create current, but then when you charge it you fill it up.
So that's a separate topic about solar fuels. I haven't talked about that. This is just batteries. There's something called a flow battery and a flow battery would just be like when you have electricity flowing into a system essentially when you could be doing to charge something, you're separating charges, you're bringing something to a
higher energy so that when you release it and you turn it into just discharge, you're bringing it back down, right? So you could be doing that with a giant vat of chemicals and that would be your electrolytes. So, for example, you have vanadium, um vanadium flow battery, but then there's also other things that you could discharge. And then once you discharge it, then you're using the energy. Think of like fuel cells, Have you ever heard of a hydrogen car? Or fuel cells? Yeah, So, you you get hydrogen right? You make it from splitting water, you make hydrogen, and then when you plug that sucker into your car or the fuel cell, you get the hygiene, you get air, you combine them together. Electricity, splits the protons, and you make water and you make energy, You run your car. Um Imagine the reverse of that. So, you would be um using electricity to make hydrogen, right? Because if you if you're using electricity or if you're combining hydrogen oxygen at this field cell, you're making energy, you're turning over a car and you're having a drive. But imagine in the reverse where you can put energy in and you make hydrogen, right? Hydrogen is a fuel source in this case, right? Because that's what you put into the system to go burn with the oxygen to move something forward. That's the combustion. So The same principle can apply to co two. Co two is a rock. You breathe out CO two, it's quote unquote greenhouse gas bad for us. We're at 423 PPm of oxygen, part of seo too awful for us.
Rising
star. Yeah, everything's bad with it. Global warming and stuff like that anyways. So you get the sun, use that to power renewable energy or you could even use it to excite and shine on a metal like certain catalysts. Imagine you know catalytic converters imagine like something like a catalytic converter type of thing but it absorbs
light and then it does stop, it changes CO. Two to some other things. So you can actually put copper. Certain crystalline copper is not just the ones you can just buy a home depot, you can put that inside of water or put that inside of some solution with CO. Two dissolved in there and you can actually crank it and crank as and you can put electricity to it. You can start bubbling out other things so you can make with copper you can make ceo mhm like gasoline, ethanol, methanol information. Certain certain ones they reported to be beautiful and propane all but I don't really know about that. But yeah they can make like C plus long chains of carbon, they don't have the same energy density as gasoline. So it's not the same thing. But it's the idea that you're taking the sun's energy and you're storing it in a chemical in a liquid or in a guess and you can burn that and then it's essentially carbon neutral because you took the carbon from the air, turned it into a carbon fuel source and then you're bringing it back. That's how you that's part of the solution. I believe that we will see in our lifetime about how we're gonna tackle energy story. So when they say we are going to be green, we are going to be energy like energy independent. Part of the solution is batteries. Part of it's going to be making these giant infrastructures of energy storage with these flow batteries. But part of it is going to be making liquid fuels using sunlight to convert some of these things into. Yes.
so what do you think chuck?
Yeah, I mean like it's one of the things that I don't mean to take over any time, I feel free to leave
at any
time.
was it, I really enjoy it and I think that for me, I don't really, I fell in love with science and I've been searching for ways to contribute back and like a lot of that's through teaching
mentoring and stuff like that. Another
issue
thing is like actually serving the higher purpose of trying to contribute back to society of like solving some of these issues because I feel like one of the things that my dad after seeing my dad worked in the automotive industry and him explaining to me a lot of the issues with, um, working with your body, no offense, blue collar jobs are perfectly fine and everything like that. But he was just saying he really didn't want it for me because it wears down on your body over
time.
He's like, it's a grueling job, I mean obviously he loved it and it was his passion, he really didn't want that for me and he was like, and I've actually learned a lot through him in terms of, excuse me, um, some of the things and byproducts of these industries, like automotive industries and stuff like that, because of all the oils, gasoline spills, all the ways that we do and stuff like that. It's like we got to really turn it around people, we need to figure out these solutions now because by the time we have kids and stuff like that, and by the next generation our kids have kids, there's nothing to be left. You know, Oregon is gonna be, what is it now, what California is? You know, California used to be green and now it's all brown and dead and stuff like that and we sucked up all the oil, we drained all the water is organizing. I mean next is Washington together, The next
that's what California thought. I don't know, I'm
just saying like, I don't need to be super dark or anything like that, but I want to contribute back to society in that way. I think that's why I
served.
Mhm. I think that like there's something because um that my dad like instilled in me was hard work and dedication as well as a love for working with your hands, so I don't necessarily only think, I don't know, just like some guy behind a desk, I also like actually um working my hands so like that a lot of experiments have actually come from things that my dad taught me which is how to be. Um Was it used the resources that are available to you? I didn't grow up rich. I didn't grow up with money so I have
learned how to really stretch things a little further than they should have and really try to make do with what I got. It really has come in handy with my progress in life. Yeah. Good. Yeah.
For sure man. Uh Are we able to just like leave? I don't know.
Well we reached 25 minutes. Yes
we close it up man. I nice time you Jack.
You too man. Bye.