SPEAKER_L: Okay. Right. Thank you. Mm hmm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, possible standards. That's a good question. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Hello? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Hi, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I'm good.
SPEAKER_L: Like your hands? Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: you, my little
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: is.
SPEAKER_R: people,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It looks like it's from Disneyland for somewhere there
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: like Minnie's hat.
SPEAKER_R: a Minnie Mouse hat.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. It looks cool. Where are you calling from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm in Greenville.
SPEAKER_L: No,
SPEAKER_R: North Carolina.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I'm in new york. Yeah. And it's pretty cold here as well. I mean, I assume it's cool because you were had, but yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's like in the 30s right now. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know how was the temperature right now, But I just walked my dog outside and it was pretty windy and yeah, not really pleasant. Yeah. So what, what do you do?
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm a single parent to a six year old, and then I work part time doing like retail merchandising, so we go into like different food stores and uh pharmacies and dollar stores and put up ads and put the little stickers and coupons and stuff on merchandise. Uh
SPEAKER_L: that's pretty cool. I work as a, as a tax associate. I work for one of the bigger public accounting firms. So right now it's kinda slow the work. But when it's tax season we're pretty busy, which is pretty much like, I don't know, in February until like middle of February two, middle of March and then whoever doesn't file, we do extensions and then we do, again, it gets busy, middle of august until middle of october because there are different filing dates for depending if it's a partnership individual or corporation return. So we have different deadlines. This year was a little bit different because of Covid and uh the deadline was extended until july, so it was not like a regular busy season that we would have.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So are you working from home,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: or you
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: still
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: got to
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: get
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: married.
SPEAKER_R: the office?
SPEAKER_L: No, we work from home, we started middle of March sometime around there. And it's funny because we had a meeting in the office like basically like a week before we got quarantined. Uh so we had a meeting and one of the partners was held in the meeting and he was saying, well cases arising and we don't know when they're gonna say like the state because this is in Connecticut, they live in new york. But I work in Connecticut states here like pretty close. So my job is half an hour from where I live and they said we don't know what the governor is gonna when it's going to shut down because they see like you know it might happen and then a week later I know it was thursday and uh they said like you know if you want to go home go home tomorrow, you know don't don't come to work and then we'll see like after what's going to happen like we'll keep you posted. And since then I haven't gone to the office like it's been like almost a year much. Yeah I mean it's not it's not bad. The only thing is that I have I don't wear glasses but I have like the pork glasses, that Air Force for screen protection because I spend a lot of hours on my computer and then I don't have those glasses now because they're they're uh oh my I spent like a lot sometimes. Um but other than that, I mean I like working from home because you're you're at home and you don't have to wake up that early, you know because you lose an hour between waking up getting ready traveling like this. You know I just wake up with a hoodie on and I'm ready to work pretty much and I have two screens, they send me one additional like I used the screen from my desktop computer and then I have another screen that they sent me, the firm sent me and we also have a laptop. So it's easier to to work like that. Sometimes like we have challenged with like technology like this where we do the tax returns uh sometimes it's not gonna work or it's going to crash or sometimes like because we don't do just tax returns. We do like a lot of um was called um like analysis before we prepare tax return. Like especially for partnerships and corporations that we have to analyze the financial statements to make sure everything is correct. And also some amounts
SPEAKER_R: Just
SPEAKER_L: that are for for their uh on their income statements cannot want the tax return. So it's like a lot of analysis that we do and it's good that I have two screens. But sometimes with these technology issues it's challenge. Uh But it's good, you know, I can't complain. But on the other hand, I miss being in the office because I don't see anybody right now in the office. Like you would even when it's busy season, you would get up and talk to somebody or walk around or go to the bathroom or you know, talk to somebody new here is like just I work from this room, my husband from the other room and that's pretty much it like we don't really do anything trying to stay safe. How is the covid situation over there?
SPEAKER_R: Um in north Carolina, it's high and rising like slow, like kind of fast, but um in the county that I live in, like, they just recently went and posted like this map of the different counties in north Carolina to show who's like, where the hotspots are. So it's like yellow, orange and red and of course red is critical. Um And we're in yellow, so it's not that bad in our county, but as a state, it is getting worse
SPEAKER_L: I'm not sure for here exactly know when it started back in March, it was horrible to hear. We
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: had like 607 108 100 deaths per day and the number of cases were enormous, not where I live that much, but it was mostly in new york city. So I live in a county Westchester County which is right above new york city, so if I want to go to city it would take me like Half an hour, 40 minutes, pretty much with the train. If I want to drive kind of the same time, maybe like less it would take me. Um but yeah, most of the cases were there because they have subway and that's how people, I mean there are cars in the city, but most of the people use public transportation or bus to go around. Um And uh but where I live it's it's fine. I mean there were cases now it's it has been lower than when it started, but now I haven't checked like how much are they, like how many cases we have, but people are really trying to protect themselves here. Like when you go to the store you wouldn't see anybody without a mask. Uh They're not really gathering. I mean there are some people, you know like everywhere they would gather, but not not that much. Maybe that's why we don't have that many cases around here. And like when I walk my dog, I don't wear a mask. Uh just because if somebody is coming, like I'll just cross the street or you know, wait until they pass and then I'll walk the other direction. So I don't really have any contact with anybody. But yeah, that's that's pretty much it. I mean we wanted to go to florida with my husband, but we decided not to do to covet because it's not just the flight, like it's three hours. I will sit with the mask, it's fine. But when you get there, then what you're gonna do if you're going to go to the beach. But then I don't want to just go to the beach. I would want to walk around and with this covid situation, I would rather stay home and not do. I cannot expose myself to the virus. Pretty much. It's tough time. It's definitely tough time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Here, I think our daily case for the state is like in the two or 3000s per day. Um We were at the 1000 mark, but like I said, it's starting to climb
SPEAKER_L: That's in the entire state or in your area,
SPEAKER_R: The entire the
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: entire
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: state, Yeah. For our area, I think it's like 300 some per 100,000 people are like for my county, it's like a 6.8% positive positivity, right? So,
SPEAKER_L: And also like, I don't know if that's that accurate because at the beginning, when it started my husband, he got sick and he was calling like, I want to get tested. I mean he was sickly for a couple of days. He had high fever, he was coughing and he was saying I want to get tested. And he was calling to make appointment and they were like, you have to wait. And then after two weeks or three weeks they call him, you know, now you can go test test yourself. And he's like, I'm fine now. I don't want to go test myself now. I'm not like I work from home, I don't go anywhere. And when I needed to test myself, it was three weeks ago. so what's the point of doing that now? And Yeah, but my sister, so I'm I'm originally
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: from Macedonia, which is a country in Southeast europe right next to Greece. So my my whole family is back home and uh my sister um and my dad, they got sick like my dad had high fever for a couple of days almost like a like a week. And then my sister, she had breathing problems and she also had fever and they they did a test my sister and they are also, it's hard to get a test like you have to pay money and it's like expensive. So my sister got tested and uh she was positive, so they were all parking at home, like they were self isolated for two weeks, They didn't go anywhere, not even to the store, we have like friends, bringing them supplies or anything in. Italy groceries um to it. But yeah, but my aunt, my father's aunt actually, she was 88 she died from Covid like recently which was pretty sad. She was a very healthy woman. And uh I think she was even that she was old. I think we should have lived for at least like I don't know any a year 23 maybe. But she got really sick. She had high fever for like 10 days and she lived alone and there was nobody to take care of her. So her sister, like my my father's other end, she would go there every now and then too, you know to bring her groceries and something. But she couldn't really
SPEAKER_R: Shoot.
SPEAKER_L: Do anything because she is in her 70's and she can expose herself to being infected. So she would have gone liquid Like two or 3 masks and with towels, like, you know, around the area, like the nose and the mouth. And yeah, so it was a good news to hear those last week. But no, that's life. It just said how she, how she went, you know how she died from Covid and then they couldn't even have a proper funeral um because they usually, it's like an open coffin that they have and we do like a small ceremony and then uh, you know, put the person the grave, but they did, they couldn't do that because she was infected
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: and they have to put her in basically like sheets. Um like, I don't know, they put some disinfection on them and then they had to put her in a, like a bag and uh like a metal coffin and then a regular coffin. So first it was very expensive and secondly, it wasn't like a funeral that she deserved to have, I feel like and not a lot of people who go there were like 10 people only my parents went, but there were like 10 people total because you can't gather a lot, it just said like with this virus
SPEAKER_R: it's true
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: that, so they think that even after they pass away that they can transmit it. Yeah. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so everything was, everything was closed, like sealed and uh yeah,
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: I I didn't know that they could, but at least like no one started here in new york, they were digging like big graves where they were putting all people that were infected and sparing them there without a funeral. At least she had a funeral even though it was small one and not like a funeral that she would have had, she passed like in a different time, but at least she had something and it just it just said you know like what's happening, it's
SPEAKER_R: Great.
SPEAKER_L: terrible. You can't travel anywhere, you can go anywhere, you can do anything pretty much stuff. Did you have any plans for this year?
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um we took my daughter to the zoo for her birthday and it was during Covid, but um we
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: were of course they had you wear masks and there was reduced capacity and like you had to purchase your tickets in advance and select a time slot that way like when you went in like they were able to stagger the entry so you weren't really in contact with other people. Um So we did that and um we're thinking about going to an indoor water park thing for christmas, but it's all within our state, like we're not going to go outside of the state.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's nice. That's really nice. I mean we have plans. My parents first were supposed to come because I graduated from college in um in december, so my graduation was supposed to be in May this year and we just had virtual graduation and my parents couldn't come and we had like tickets and everything for them. And my sister like just before like when was it like in february or something like that? She went for uh for Visa, for tourist Visa, the Visa to come here and she got approved and she was happier she's gonna come, I got her ticket and then like it covered it and I had to cancel all of the tickets. It was good that I got the money back instead of just the credit for the airline because they were the one canceling the flight and I was arguing with them a little bit because they gave me a credit initially and I was like why are you giving me credit? I didn't cancel the flight. I mean anyway I wouldn't have have them come here because of the situation but I was like I didn't cancel the flight. There are no flights going and uh yeah I want my I want my money and also I said the tickets are not on my name so I don't know when they're going to be able to come if it wasn't my name, I can use the credit like to travel wherever but they don't go anywhere. I don't know when they're gonna be able to come here. So I just want the money back. And they gave me they gave me a refund, like a full refund, which was pretty good. And then in june we were supposed to go to Germany to my
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: my friend was getting married. Yeah we didn't buy the tickets at that time because we were waiting to see what's gonna happen with Covid and then we ended up not buying the tickets. They had a small ceremony, just their parents and like their families were there and not not not that many people but yeah, I mean all the plans that we had, they got canceled and you know we'll see what happens next year like really want like at this time it's gonna be now it's a year and a half. How I haven't seen my my family. And uh because usually I go like every year or they come here or I go there, it just depends one year I go one year they come here in terms, but now That year passed and I haven't been since 2019 was the last time we went my husband. So now I don't know if they can come next year, we'll just have to wait and see. I guess how, because I don't want to buy tickets and then be in the same situation that I was before that you don't know if you're gonna get your money back or they can come or not and cases arising everywhere. So I was even thinking to go to Macedonia um like a few weeks ago basically
SPEAKER_R: Look.
SPEAKER_L: at the end of last month. But I decided not to go at the last moment. And it's good that I didn't because my dad and sister got sick so I wouldn't be able to do anything. And also I was scared because when Covid started they shut down the country. So only if you're a citizen you could get in but not through the airport. You have to go fly to another country which the closest is Bulgaria or Greece and drive like a couple of hours to get to you know the country like where you want to go and then you have to quarantine for two weeks in a hotel. So if that happened like I wouldn't be able to see my family at all and I was gonna stay anywhere for two weeks. So I was like what's the point of going and risking if something like that would happen and then I'm not able to see anybody and that's what I went for. So I'm alone in a hotel. Mhm. You don't even quarantine in the house. Like you have to be if you go from somewhere from another country, you have to quarantine like alone in a hotel, like self isolation basically for two weeks. And I just decided not to go for that reason. You just like tough, not seeing your family, but things will get better I guess.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I graduated in May as well. And of course they they turned turned our graduation into virtual as well. It was but they are planning to still hold an in person graduation at a future date. They haven't stated when yet, but instead of like because here we do graduation, they have people graduate in uh december, they have people graduate in May and then they got people that graduate over the summer, like in june july the summer semesters.
SPEAKER_L: New studies available
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: on prolific
SPEAKER_R: so they
SPEAKER_L: very
SPEAKER_R: we're
SPEAKER_L: students.
SPEAKER_R: able to Combine everybody instead of having like individual one, they're going to combine everybody who graduated 2020 and have an in person ceremony. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: that will be able to happen, you know, because like we, for our graduation we were having like whoever graduate in december or in May, we're going to have like a graduation together. So I graduate in december and we were supposed to have like the whole ceremony in May, but it didn't happen. Yeah, so we don't know what's going to happen. Like there are no news or anything like that to say uh you know,
SPEAKER_R: Peter.
SPEAKER_L: your graduation is postponed until them not not such a thing like at all.
SPEAKER_R: She
SPEAKER_L: So who knows, maybe they'll have something like a small ceremony or something like that in the future but there's no date. But also I don't know
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: even if they have is it going to be together with the other students are graduating at that time or it's gonna be like different dates. I mean I was just excited because I have been in like in this country for like it's gonna be 10 years in uh in May and I have a bachelor's degree from back home and it's in social work and we have graduation there but it's different here than over there. So I wanted to experience that and my parents were very excited about coming that just too, especially my sister, she has never been here. Uh So she
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: wanted to like I'm gonna take me
SPEAKER_R: look.
SPEAKER_L: there and everything you have seen on the movies. Like I would like to go there, Times Square and Brooklyn Bridge and the statue of liberty, like all those places that she was wanted to see. Uh and also like they wanted to be part of the graduation and see, you know how, how is it here like in the movies like what used to be that everybody throws the head and I just want to experience that, but it just didn't happen. It was, I guess that's how things were supposed to be. Sometimes I believe in that sometimes just as they're supposed to be. Yeah. So do you do any other like studies and things like this?
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: Like prolific or this is
SPEAKER_R: do I do prolific. Um And then I do like uh swag bucks, but it's it's like a it's a survey site, like they don't do the video stuff and whatnot.
SPEAKER_L: please.
SPEAKER_R: It's just like regular surveys.
SPEAKER_L: my husband does that one and I signed up but it was, I don't like it that much because I know with prolific like it tells you you spend five minutes, you're gonna get, let's say a dollar or 50 cents
SPEAKER_R: After
SPEAKER_L: over there. Like you you just get disqualified a lot
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: of times and I spent already like 10 minutes and they're like A. D. N. O. U. You don't qualify. And I'm like you know I'm just not gonna do this. But my husband doesn't like he's like you know I'm going to do it because he doesn't know where he stands with his job right now. So he used to work for Popsicle a couple of years ago. And then last year his entire department got laid off. He was in uh data and all this. But like the like the internet side, like the technology side. Uh And then another company acquired his department and then the rest everything was outsourced to India. And then now the company he works for uh does the same work that he was doing in Popsicles has the same
SPEAKER_R: Everybody.
SPEAKER_L: account. Uh And now they want to outsource 100% to India. Uh So technically he has pretty much until the end of the month. Um to be part of those accounts. And then they said they're going to have like another five weeks to see if they're gonna find you another role. And if they don't then you know, it's going to be without
SPEAKER_R: fine.
SPEAKER_L: without the job. And it's hard now. Like if it was a different time, he might be able to find something easier. But at
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: have a
SPEAKER_L: everybody is applying for jobs and they're like just so many jobs available because
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: a lot of companies have shut down. So I don't know like he has been applying but it's it's really tough. So what food?
SPEAKER_R: Has he gone on like indeed
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: and stuff like that because there's a lot of remote positions
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. He goes
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: to
SPEAKER_R: the things?
SPEAKER_L: me if he goes to like Lyndon sometimes I will look like for stuff and because you get different notifications sometimes uh And I sent him like whenever I find something like I would I would send him so he's applying. But you know we'll we'll see and
SPEAKER_R: Him.
SPEAKER_L: if that doesn't work like he'll go under unemployment at least it's not going to be like he's not going to get any money but it's not gonna be the same. So that's why we kind of start doing this these things. And uh we started to do Uber. It's also uh like the delivery. So like for now it's like I don't know just like two or three times per week. But if that happens then we plan for him to go under unemployment and then do brits undermining because you can't get unemployment and work. So this way you know we can even out and don't go really into the savings and we'll see what happens. It's a tough time definitely not just for hours but for for everybody I guess. Yeah it's just very bad and I know other people that they wanted to the same experience not exactly the same but they have been laid off
SPEAKER_R: Treatment
SPEAKER_L: or they work in the restaurant especially in the city like whoever works in the restaurant they have been pretty much without a job Now it's a little bit better because the restaurants are open but for outer city and then for indoor like it has to be like the distance it has to be like six ft. So before you know how the tables for one next to another next to another.
SPEAKER_R: Two.
SPEAKER_L: Like you can sit like more many people now it's like if if the capacity, let's say it was 100 people in that restaurant now it's like half probably because of that distance that they have between the tables. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. My my degree that I graduated from was in social work, and that's, so most of those jobs have been frozen because the area that I want to work with is either Children or elderly. And so they're like not allowing you to go and visit those populations. So now I'm like that's why I ended up having to do the part time merchandising, which I mean I'm happy that I was able to at least get a job because a lot of people can't even find one, so.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, it's it's good. I just I think it's better if we don't take things for granted because a lot of people do and just go with whatever you can. And then after Covid happened, sexual, like more jobs will, will open unless the there's a big turn down in the economy. But you know, we just wanna, we'll see. I guess what, what happens? Do you have any pets? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I've got two cats.
SPEAKER_L: To cast Nice. How old are they?
SPEAKER_R: Um one is like almost three And then the other one is like 10.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They have usually a long life. We have one dog. I mean, we we used to have A dog, she was called Brandy. And then um she was almost 10 or 11, because when you get a dog from a shelter, they tell you like, Oh, she's like two or three or they don't know for sure. Uh so she she died in uh in June in the last year. She got really sick and she had kidney, liver and pancreatic disease.
SPEAKER_R: Why?
SPEAKER_L: So I have to cook for her special food. And then she just couldn't take it anymore. And she we put her down, she couldn't even walk.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: And now we have another dog. We got her in um, in august, so she's three and uh she's happy, she's running around being just uh
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, when my daughter, when my daughter was born, we had five cats and they won past the day that she was born or we had put down because she had breast cancer. And then a little while later when she was like two, we had another one that we had to put down because she had hyperthyroidism and then another one passed away and we think it was just old age. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Well, I'm sorry to hear that, but you know, that that happens. I know exactly how it feels because they're like, your kids. It's like, it was very sad moment that I wasn't ready for a new dog, but my husband was like, you know what? You want to start working a lot of hours at work and I'll be just alone. And I was like, okay. So, I don't know, I don't regret even that I was not ready at the time. I don't regret having her. Like she's she brought a joy in our life for sure. Yeah. Well it was really nice talking to you,
SPEAKER_R: It was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: yep, and enjoy the rest of your day and tell your
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: daughter love
SPEAKER_R: too?
SPEAKER_L: to have to pick for you. It's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Like my
SPEAKER_R: Bye.