Hello.
I'm good.
you, my little
one
people,
it's
a Minnie Mouse hat.
I'm in Greenville.
North Carolina.
Yeah, it's like in the 30s right now. Mhm.
Um I'm a single parent to a six year old, and then I work part time doing like retail merchandising, so we go into like different food stores and uh pharmacies and dollar stores and put up ads and put the little stickers and coupons and stuff on merchandise. Uh
Yeah. So are you working from home,
or you
still
got to
go
to
the office?
Just
Um in north Carolina, it's high and rising like slow, like kind of fast, but um in the county that I live in, like, they just recently went and posted like this map of the different counties in north Carolina to show who's like, where the hotspots are. So it's like yellow, orange and red and of course red is critical. Um And we're in yellow, so it's not that bad in our county, but as a state, it is getting worse
or
Yeah. Yeah. Here, I think our daily case for the state is like in the two or 3000s per day. Um We were at the 1000 mark, but like I said, it's starting to climb
The entire the
entire
state, Yeah. For our area, I think it's like 300 some per 100,000 people are like for my county, it's like a 6.8% positive positivity, right? So,
And
Shoot.
But
it's true
that, so they think that even after they pass away that they can transmit it. Yeah. Mhm
What?
Great.
Okay. Um we took my daughter to the zoo for her birthday and it was during Covid, but um we
were of course they had you wear masks and there was reduced capacity and like you had to purchase your tickets in advance and select a time slot that way like when you went in like they were able to stagger the entry so you weren't really in contact with other people. Um So we did that and um we're thinking about going to an indoor water park thing for christmas, but it's all within our state, like we're not going to go outside of the state.
I
Look.
Yeah, I graduated in May as well. And of course they they turned turned our graduation into virtual as well. It was but they are planning to still hold an in person graduation at a future date. They haven't stated when yet, but instead of like because here we do graduation, they have people graduate in uh december, they have people graduate in May and then they got people that graduate over the summer, like in june july the summer semesters.
And
so they
we're
able to Combine everybody instead of having like individual one, they're going to combine everybody who graduated 2020 and have an in person ceremony. Yeah.
Peter.
She
I'm
So
look.
I
do I do prolific. Um And then I do like uh swag bucks, but it's it's like a it's a survey site, like they don't do the video stuff and whatnot.
It's just like regular surveys.
After
Yeah.
Everybody.
fine.
I
have a
no.
Has he gone on like indeed
and stuff like that because there's a lot of remote positions
do
the things?
Him.
Treatment
Two.
Yeah. My my degree that I graduated from was in social work, and that's, so most of those jobs have been frozen because the area that I want to work with is either Children or elderly. And so they're like not allowing you to go and visit those populations. So now I'm like that's why I ended up having to do the part time merchandising, which I mean I'm happy that I was able to at least get a job because a lot of people can't even find one, so.
I've got two cats.
Um one is like almost three And then the other one is like 10.
Why?
No.
Yeah, when my daughter, when my daughter was born, we had five cats and they won past the day that she was born or we had put down because she had breast cancer. And then a little while later when she was like two, we had another one that we had to put down because she had hyperthyroidism and then another one passed away and we think it was just old age. Mhm.
It was nice talking to you.
You
too?
Uh huh. Thank you.
Bye.