SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah. Yeah. Report. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah, we're back. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, wow. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I can.
SPEAKER_R: Oh cool. How long does it say we have to talk for?
SPEAKER_L: Uh at least five minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Alright, cool. I can do that. I thought they fucked up and didn't send the because they said they're going to email me that link. So I was just checking my email for, I don't know, they're going to send it on prolific.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, did you check your junk mail?
SPEAKER_R: No, you're, yeah, I didn't even see it in there. They just send it to me. Do you get the survey through a prolific?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, but I also got the email, so Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know why, but yeah, they just give me the message.
SPEAKER_L: But well, who $15?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The highest paying one I think I've seen.
SPEAKER_L: I know all the other ones are like 50 cents or something.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, pounced on that one. I was glad I was awake whenever it was. Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: All right. So, I guess we're supposed to talk about anything.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Where you from?
SPEAKER_L: So um from like Korea,
SPEAKER_R: That's real.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I'm visiting my boyfriend right now.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, in the States? Okay. I was gonna say damn you.
SPEAKER_L: explains why I look like a mess right now because I am so tired. I just woke up.
SPEAKER_R: alright. I don't look at the best either. I just woke up. I set an alarm for this survey.
SPEAKER_L: So where you from?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from like pennsylvania. The suburbs like philadelphia. Um Yeah, so I just kind of living in a couple different states. A lot of the Maryland. Um I've lived in New Jersey but nowhere like besides the tri state area.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, cool. So you kind of lived around the area? Huh? Like Oh, cool.
SPEAKER_R: Pretty more. Yeah. How old
SPEAKER_L: Isn't
SPEAKER_R: are you?
SPEAKER_L: America? Oh, I'm like 21. How about you? Yeah. Oh cool. Cool. So like are you like currently a university student or?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I'm going to a couple different schools but basically I'm on my last semester uh studying finance and management. Mhm. Yeah. So it should be done by the springtime. So
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: you enjoying the program?
SPEAKER_R: uh it's all right. I mean I don't know I'm just I'm already on like the seven year plan so I just kinda wanna be done at this point. But
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I feel that.
SPEAKER_R: What about yourself
SPEAKER_L: So I myself am kind of like, I don't know, it's kind of confusing because at first I started out by going to like this like art school I guess
SPEAKER_R: and,
SPEAKER_L: her body because I wanted to apply for like actual like art universities and like doesn't Maryland like Baltimore. Not Baltimore. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: so there was one school in Baltimore that I wanted to really go to and they have a really good scholarship. So I wanted to apply for that and stuff but you know our school is expensive, you know, so I kind of had to like quit because my family is not really doing good when it comes to finance and stuff. So I quit on that and then I moved on to like I thi you know programming and stuff. So I started going to like this technical school for about a year and I actually finished it but in terms I really didn't like that either so but right now I am enrolling in like an online college so I'm trying to change my major to like urban architecture engineering.
SPEAKER_R: cooper. Um So where you want to get the I. T. Was it like a certification or was it a degree? The
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: one We
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: want?
SPEAKER_L: like complications like a technical school that you go to about a year and they give you like the started certificate or something.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Is there good money?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Dude it's like funded by the government and they pay you like every month for even being there they'll be like paying for your transportation fees And like yeah they give you like $500 a month or something and
SPEAKER_R: Damn.
SPEAKER_L: you just you know turn the classes
SPEAKER_R: Where uh what was the school called if you don't mind me asking?
SPEAKER_L: oh it's in Korea so
SPEAKER_R: I was in Korea. Damn.
SPEAKER_L: sorry I made it confusing. I'm sure there are a lot of like maybe not government funded with something similar very affordable ones in the states to I did hear about it.
SPEAKER_R: there's a lot of good money in I. T. And like there's not there's not anything specific I want to do with my degree or think that I'm going to be doing instantly with my degree. So yeah. Money up. That's funny. I was like where the fuck is that?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah but other than that I think if you are interested in like I. T. I do suggest you go on like I don't know like you do me or something dot com and actually attend online classes and they do like give user certificates for that and I hear you can apply for jobs with that, it's pretty helpful. Yeah it's definitely worth searching up.
SPEAKER_R: Yes the word. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. We're supposed to ask each other like random questions to
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: keep the conversation
SPEAKER_R: it
SPEAKER_L: going
SPEAKER_R: was. Yeah you can ask me anything like I have I've lived a very interesting life I've been so like I spent this whole last summer in uh county jail. It was awful.
SPEAKER_L: jail. Why what happened if you don't mind me asking?
SPEAKER_R: No seriously you can ask me anything like anything I can bring up just because I probably never talk to you again. You know what I'm saying? Like.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah we don't even know each other.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah That's funny. I just talk to my girlfriend about this the other day. Like I'm more honest with people that like, I just don't fucking know. Versus the people closest. Mm. Um But basically I have a like a terrible problem with like drugs and alcohol and I've been to rehab a bunch of times And this most recent time. And I also have three D. us now. Uh So basically I'm on probation in County one county over and I had relapsed and I got high again and then I gave my probation officer a hot urine. So like had drugs in it. And so we just locked me up on a violation. And like I thought I was only gonna be in there for, you know, like a week or something and then they send me to rehab. But it was I ended up being there for like 3-4 months. And uh
SPEAKER_L: Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: yeah and it's like, it's the only privately run jail in all of pennsylvania. So like basically it's not regulated and people just do whatever the fuck they want.
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: sounds
SPEAKER_R: like,
SPEAKER_L: horrible.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it was just one of those like eye opening experiences because like I don't view myself, I get, I don't view myself as a criminal, like I know what I'm saying. Like I have a, the problem with like substances and that leads to other shit. Like don't get me wrong, I don't advocate for drinking and driving or anything like that. But I get it just opened my eyes to a lot of things in America is fucked up. Like majority of people in their, in their for drugs and alcohol related problems and like it's just all the money pit and I don't know to open my eyes a lot. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God. So I personally never talked to anyone who's been to you know who's been
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: in jail and yeah, that's kind of eye opening to hear that, wow, so like I have a question though, if you don't mind me asking,
SPEAKER_R: no good.
SPEAKER_L: have you ever been in like a life threatening, you know situation where you sense that oh this guy is really dangerous and I should stay away or something like that in jail?
SPEAKER_R: in there. Um Honestly there are like definitely some situations that I've tried or like I think I just learned to carry. Like it's, it's all about how you carry yourself. And I think that like I kept myself a lot and like people, I don't know, people, people like respect that. People fuck with that as one might say. However, yeah, there were definitely instances where like, because I was still getting like I was getting high in jail and then like if one person knows that I have drugs, they're going to try to, you know, do something.
SPEAKER_L: feel
SPEAKER_R: Like they're going
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: to, yeah, they're gonna Exactly, they're going to try to pull some some fuck shit. And so yeah, I definitely had to like washing my back with that. But honestly I it's not like I had like a squad in there but like I'll tell you this, I didn't talk with any white people in there. Like white people in jail. Like they suck because they're all like just drug things and like they don't just I don't know how to describe it, but there they're like mooch is or like um Yeah, you know that, you know what I mean by that and like I don't know, I just Yeah but now to answer your question, I didn't really like fear for my life at any point. Um I wasn't worried about like getting sexually assaulted or anything like that because honestly I was in county jail, it wasn't upstate so like county people don't do, they're not they're not there for life like versus state prison you are or some people are right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: My thing was like if you if you go to county jail and you're only there for 1-3 years and like you're already going gay like you're gay. You know what I mean? Like?
SPEAKER_L: Gay isn't dropping the soap?
SPEAKER_R: No, as in
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: like, you know how like some like they'll talk about like people going upstate like they go to jail for the rest of their life. So then they go from, because it's the only option. All right
SPEAKER_L: so that's
SPEAKER_R: Muslims.
SPEAKER_L: the difference.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So like if someone's in county jail and like they're already fucking other dudes within like a year and they know they're getting kind of like, that's a little suspect. Shoot Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah my boyfriend and I talk about that a lot like he always, he's like and you know he's actually from America, he was born and raised here, so he always tells me about like how horrible the american jail system is and like it's horrible because like the whole point of jail is like letting people know not to do that shit again, right? But instead people are locking them up and I did hear something about the jails themselves like getting money like under the table or something to make it even a harsher environment and that's, I don't agree with that. You know, you hear shit
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: about european jails, about, you heard about like um Finland's jails, about how they're really nice and
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: people actually get rehab in there and actually you know get better and once they come out they come back out as better citizens or something. And I believe that's what prison system is supposed to be, you know, changing people's lives.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But I can tell you that my experience with it was the furthest thing from it. Yeah. It's fucked. It's true. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No. So um I don't know like how would you say that you've gotten better from it or? I don't know, I can't words, I just won't go up,
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: so like
SPEAKER_R: am from jail. Um Honestly, I think like be real with you. I've been my light like in terms of I have things going well for me on paper. Like I have a great girlfriend like long term. Like I have family in my life that loves me is that I've been, I don't know if you can see him. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: You have a dog? Oh my god, what's his name?
SPEAKER_R: His name's Gates after kevin Gates if you would.
SPEAKER_L: Hi Gates. Oh
SPEAKER_R: More. Mhm
SPEAKER_L: he's a little puppy. Oh my god,
SPEAKER_R: yeah,
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: I adopted
SPEAKER_L: cute.
SPEAKER_R: a couple years ago. Best but
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Don't throw shock.
SPEAKER_R: you know ugly. Yeah I got him. Yeah I got him actually. I think I got him two years ago after my dad passed away and like
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: best Yeah that was a tough one. But like if my recommendation to people is if you ever lose someone animals like he's been, I don't even know how to do better than
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: any real
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: gun. Yeah. But uh
SPEAKER_L: I'm really sorry.
SPEAKER_R: it's all good. Yeah. Uh after jail though. No, but like I just I don't know, like I would say, I think I just got smarter in ways that like, aren't is it actually good for me? Meaning like I just learned more bad shit, like ways to get away with things or like, like uh you know, I told you I went in there on a hot, you're like a failed urine test for my probation officer. Like any normal person would say, okay, like I'm not going to do that anymore, or like I'm not going to get high anymore. Like I'm just going to comply and give them clean yearns and this and that like in there, like I just learned how to basically I have this whole way of like faking a piss test that's like supervised. So like I go like I've gotten high, but he doesn't know that because I'm smuggling in like, you're in for the touch is crazy. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: hm. So if you don't mind me asking, why do you think you um get high and you know get drunk and drive under the influence and all this stuff that you've done in the past and as of now as well, what motivates you?
SPEAKER_R: Well, I don't know. That's uh that's a question I've been because like, deep, deep down, like, I don't want to get high. And like, I always had, I started getting high was when I was in high school, when I was like 17, I'm 25 now. We're like, you, but I don't know like what, what motivates it. Um Honestly started with curiosity and then like, it just kind of led from one thing to another like um but I don't know it because I've sat in rehabs and like talk to therapists and counselors about this and that and like why I get high or what these is to do things. And like, I don't know if there's like, I don't think that there's some underlying thing that like, oh, this happened like such and such happened when I was six years old and like that traumatized me. So then this led me to get, you know what I'm saying? Like my dad got sick, so then I started doing this and then I don't know if like that, I think honestly like I just curiosity like I tried getting high and then once I started like other substances that was, I think it's just like sparked something. I don't know like they say that or predictions like a disease and shit, so I don't know if I buy that. But um I don't know. I think I've always had an addictive personality, like just been all balls to the wall with certain things, so maybe that is a part of it. Um But honestly like right now at this point in time, like I don't want I want to be sober and like, I don't want to keep getting high and like, you know, fucking up my life. But like it's just I don't know, it's it's the craziest thing to describe. Um No. Yeah. I wish I knew the answer to that question because then I would stop and I would really know.
SPEAKER_L: No, no, no, I understand. I understand. Don't get me wrong, I do have like, well I don't know like as for me I definitely do know that I have like a mental some kind of like a disorder that motivates me to be thinking the way I do and act the way I do right now. But have you ever tried talking to like, a professional for like a therapist, psychiatrist? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: You have done that works. Um I see a therapist right now and I
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's nice.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it helps. I think a lot. I think more people like, I think regardless of if you have these serious problems that people should see a therapist, like I think it's a very good thing. Um
SPEAKER_L: I I used to see my psychiatrist regularly, but then I stopped and my depressive episodes kept coming back and I still do. And my boyfriend always yells at me and he's like, you need to see a therapist right now, like,
SPEAKER_R: Or
SPEAKER_L: yeah, you need to take care of it and stuff and Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's one of the movement is like, it's just easier. It's almost easier said than done. Like it's it's tough to I don't know, I've been in those those spots and like, you don't want to I don't know, it's just something about it. Like it's so difficult to either ask for help or just get up and get yourself to that point. Both.
SPEAKER_L: Well, regardless of what you've done, of course, I don't ever condone like driving under the influence because it takes other people's lives, you know? And this is not cool, but kudos for you were trying to get better, you know, like who does for you? I'm trying to be sober or at least beyond that journey to be sober and I believe you can do it, you know?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Thank you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Of course.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And that's one thing I'm so so happy for is that I didn't kill anyone because the amount of times I drove fucked up and I didn't get caught. Like, I mean it wasn't just those three times and like that alone, like I would be able to live with that, you know, uh using the chills. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: certainly does.
SPEAKER_R: drunk driving accidents like all that and like that could have been me on the other end of it. I would never want to do that to someone. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you read those stories online about how, you know, a husband or a wife with Children in the car and they get hit by like a drunk driver and that does give me the chills, that's why I always tell my boyfriend like you know, put your seatbelt in like you may not kill someone, but someone will kill you if you're not careful, you know, you never know when that truck or that car will come for you and it's horrible way to die. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Also if I thought if I had just paid for an Uber or done something like that, like the amount of fines and like debt that I have from lawyers and court feet. Oh my God, I shouldn't, you know what I'm saying? Like just a cab. I could uh yeah, I could just like I could pay for so many things, other things in my life versus that. So yeah, that alone should deter someone put it is what it is. You know, at least I didn't do anything bad or didn't sleep in the, yeah. So what, what state, what part of the United States, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Georgia,
SPEAKER_R: Okay, so this east coast nine. Yeah. Nice.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Got anything good on the agenda for today.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my god, today I'm meeting my grandpa, um not my grandpa, what am I saying? I can't uh I'm meeting my boyfriend's grandma today and
SPEAKER_R: So grandma,
SPEAKER_L: it's gonna be like first time meeting the
SPEAKER_R: well
SPEAKER_L: grandma thing and so it's kind of like a big deal, I'm very nervous.
SPEAKER_R: you're going to do, what are you guys going to do?
SPEAKER_L: work, we're doing dinner and then after that we're going to this place called Georgia theater or something and we're gonna basically like a 10 like live concerts and I don't know drink I guess. Yeah she brought some meatballs. I
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: do hear that she's like racist and like a trump supporter so I am scared because I'm asian as fuck
SPEAKER_R: I wouldn't think she'd be really towards asians, I would think should be raised to stores like black people are just given the location.
SPEAKER_L: and mexican people
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: like apparently
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: she talks about that shit a lot. It tells me everything.
SPEAKER_R: That's like, that's one thing I avoid conversation with with my girlfriend's parents, just any extended family is politics and racism, like it doesn't end well.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah or religion to maybe if
SPEAKER_R: Status.
SPEAKER_L: they're like hardcore christians or something that
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: would
SPEAKER_L: scares me. Yeah like my hands will be starting to sweating and everything and I'll be like I kind of don't want to you know participated in the situation like conversation right here.
SPEAKER_R: I know.
SPEAKER_L: It gets really heavy and it really does show like what kind of people they are like I mean no offense of course you anyone that I love. But every time I try to talk with my friends or my family members and like people that I know at work or something. Every time politics comes up like people, Oh, it gets really ugly.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh mhm Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I have my dad like telling me. So you agree with, you know this person and you don't agree with that person whom I support. And I was like, I'm not saying that, but I kinda, you know, I'm saying that I do agree with some things that he does and my dad would get really angry because he really supports the other person, right? It's just really hard to like continue having that
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: conversation, especially with your dad or like family members.
SPEAKER_R: Absolutely the sentence. Yeah, I just started early. Susan
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. So how
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: did you meet your girlfriend?
SPEAKER_R: Um I actually I met her at this most recent school on that and I actually met him because I met him because I met her because of the dog. Um Yeah, like basically I was living on campus and they allow for um sir, if you have like an emotional support animal, they allow you to have the water cat or whatever on campus. It was actually the first day I got him and I was just walking around campus and then it was funny because he's super skittish and shy and like doesn't like people at all like at all except those think his closest with like he's so super attached. But like especially in the first day like any time we'd see anyone, he would just go like tail between his butt and like, you know, cower and would let anyone pet him with them. Yeah, but then we were walking by or she walked out with one of her friends and like for whatever reason like he did not do that and like he let her pet him and like, I don't know, I'm just super comfortable. But um
SPEAKER_L: Oh, it was fate
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and then yeah, it's a long story short, I just kind of ended up getting connected with her and dating for like two years now. And
SPEAKER_L: all That is so sweet.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, so she's
SPEAKER_L: So, you can
SPEAKER_R: put.
SPEAKER_L: say that your dog with a wing man. Huh?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah exactly, he's like the better better social lubricant and alcohol for real. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah glad to hear that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah so that worked out yeah and she's holding all this bullshit so. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh.
SPEAKER_R: Again.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. All right well It's been like 27 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we reached that was we we reached it right? Yeah. Cool. 25
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: look.
SPEAKER_L: so because you you signed in here at 9.03? Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I see. Mine is it has a little ticker thing. 26 09 26 10. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh you yours has it timer or something? Oh I don't so
SPEAKER_R: it's in the prolific thing. But yeah. So what do we what do I do I have to call?
SPEAKER_L: Hold on I'm thinking of okay I'm looking at the page they sent me. Okay so here says 29 minutes We've been talking for 29 minutes and mm
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: when your conversation is complete or if your conversation gets interrupted um Please return to this browser tab to continue
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: your participation. Okay so there's a blue arrow there.
SPEAKER_R: it is sweet.
SPEAKER_L: I think we're supposed to click on it. I'm gonna still keep the tab up here in case. No. All right I think
SPEAKER_R: Our
SPEAKER_L: we're supposed
SPEAKER_R: group.
SPEAKER_L: to close. Well
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: good talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: and talking to you,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah good luck with your boyfriend's grandparents. It'll go well you know and
SPEAKER_L: Thank
SPEAKER_R: him
SPEAKER_L: you,
SPEAKER_R: asking you like just him asking you to meet those people in his life is a very significant thing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah thank you. And good luck to you too. Of course in terms of everything in life you know
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: hope
SPEAKER_R: you. three
SPEAKER_L: you get
SPEAKER_R: people.
SPEAKER_L: better.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Bye bye.