Can you hear me?
Oh cool. How long does it say we have to talk for?
Alright, cool. I can do that. I thought they fucked up and didn't send the because they said they're going to email me that link. So I was just checking my email for, I don't know, they're going to send it on prolific.
No, you're, yeah, I didn't even see it in there. They just send it to me. Do you get the survey through a prolific?
I don't know why, but yeah, they just give me the message.
Yeah. The highest paying one I think I've seen.
Yeah, pounced on that one. I was glad I was awake whenever it was. Uh huh
Yeah. Where you from?
That's real.
Oh, in the States? Okay. I was gonna say damn you.
alright. I don't look at the best either. I just woke up. I set an alarm for this survey.
I'm from like pennsylvania. The suburbs like philadelphia. Um Yeah, so I just kind of living in a couple different states. A lot of the Maryland. Um I've lived in New Jersey but nowhere like besides the tri state area.
Pretty more. Yeah. How old
are you?
yeah I'm going to a couple different schools but basically I'm on my last semester uh studying finance and management. Mhm. Yeah. So it should be done by the springtime. So
like
uh it's all right. I mean I don't know I'm just I'm already on like the seven year plan so I just kinda wanna be done at this point. But
What about yourself
and,
Yeah.
cooper. Um So where you want to get the I. T. Was it like a certification or was it a degree? The
one We
want?
Yeah. Is there good money?
Damn.
Where uh what was the school called if you don't mind me asking?
I was in Korea. Damn.
there's a lot of good money in I. T. And like there's not there's not anything specific I want to do with my degree or think that I'm going to be doing instantly with my degree. So yeah. Money up. That's funny. I was like where the fuck is that?
Yes the word. Yeah.
Well
it
was. Yeah you can ask me anything like I have I've lived a very interesting life I've been so like I spent this whole last summer in uh county jail. It was awful.
No seriously you can ask me anything like anything I can bring up just because I probably never talk to you again. You know what I'm saying? Like.
Yeah That's funny. I just talk to my girlfriend about this the other day. Like I'm more honest with people that like, I just don't fucking know. Versus the people closest. Mm. Um But basically I have a like a terrible problem with like drugs and alcohol and I've been to rehab a bunch of times And this most recent time. And I also have three D. us now. Uh So basically I'm on probation in County one county over and I had relapsed and I got high again and then I gave my probation officer a hot urine. So like had drugs in it. And so we just locked me up on a violation. And like I thought I was only gonna be in there for, you know, like a week or something and then they send me to rehab. But it was I ended up being there for like 3-4 months. And uh
yeah and it's like, it's the only privately run jail in all of pennsylvania. So like basically it's not regulated and people just do whatever the fuck they want.
And
like,
yeah, it was just one of those like eye opening experiences because like I don't view myself, I get, I don't view myself as a criminal, like I know what I'm saying. Like I have a, the problem with like substances and that leads to other shit. Like don't get me wrong, I don't advocate for drinking and driving or anything like that. But I get it just opened my eyes to a lot of things in America is fucked up. Like majority of people in their, in their for drugs and alcohol related problems and like it's just all the money pit and I don't know to open my eyes a lot. Yes.
Well,
no good.
in there. Um Honestly there are like definitely some situations that I've tried or like I think I just learned to carry. Like it's, it's all about how you carry yourself. And I think that like I kept myself a lot and like people, I don't know, people, people like respect that. People fuck with that as one might say. However, yeah, there were definitely instances where like, because I was still getting like I was getting high in jail and then like if one person knows that I have drugs, they're going to try to, you know, do something.
Like they're going
to, yeah, they're gonna Exactly, they're going to try to pull some some fuck shit. And so yeah, I definitely had to like washing my back with that. But honestly I it's not like I had like a squad in there but like I'll tell you this, I didn't talk with any white people in there. Like white people in jail. Like they suck because they're all like just drug things and like they don't just I don't know how to describe it, but there they're like mooch is or like um Yeah, you know that, you know what I mean by that and like I don't know, I just Yeah but now to answer your question, I didn't really like fear for my life at any point. Um I wasn't worried about like getting sexually assaulted or anything like that because honestly I was in county jail, it wasn't upstate so like county people don't do, they're not they're not there for life like versus state prison you are or some people are right.
My thing was like if you if you go to county jail and you're only there for 1-3 years and like you're already going gay like you're gay. You know what I mean? Like?
No, as in
like, you know how like some like they'll talk about like people going upstate like they go to jail for the rest of their life. So then they go from, because it's the only option. All right
Muslims.
Yeah. So like if someone's in county jail and like they're already fucking other dudes within like a year and they know they're getting kind of like, that's a little suspect. Shoot Yes.
What?
No.
Yeah. But I can tell you that my experience with it was the furthest thing from it. Yeah. It's fucked. It's true. Yeah.
I
am from jail. Um Honestly, I think like be real with you. I've been my light like in terms of I have things going well for me on paper. Like I have a great girlfriend like long term. Like I have family in my life that loves me is that I've been, I don't know if you can see him. Yeah.
His name's Gates after kevin Gates if you would.
More. Mhm
yeah,
I adopted
a couple years ago. Best but
you know ugly. Yeah I got him. Yeah I got him actually. I think I got him two years ago after my dad passed away and like
best Yeah that was a tough one. But like if my recommendation to people is if you ever lose someone animals like he's been, I don't even know how to do better than
any real
gun. Yeah. But uh
it's all good. Yeah. Uh after jail though. No, but like I just I don't know, like I would say, I think I just got smarter in ways that like, aren't is it actually good for me? Meaning like I just learned more bad shit, like ways to get away with things or like, like uh you know, I told you I went in there on a hot, you're like a failed urine test for my probation officer. Like any normal person would say, okay, like I'm not going to do that anymore, or like I'm not going to get high anymore. Like I'm just going to comply and give them clean yearns and this and that like in there, like I just learned how to basically I have this whole way of like faking a piss test that's like supervised. So like I go like I've gotten high, but he doesn't know that because I'm smuggling in like, you're in for the touch is crazy. Yeah.
Well, I don't know. That's uh that's a question I've been because like, deep, deep down, like, I don't want to get high. And like, I always had, I started getting high was when I was in high school, when I was like 17, I'm 25 now. We're like, you, but I don't know like what, what motivates it. Um Honestly started with curiosity and then like, it just kind of led from one thing to another like um but I don't know it because I've sat in rehabs and like talk to therapists and counselors about this and that and like why I get high or what these is to do things. And like, I don't know if there's like, I don't think that there's some underlying thing that like, oh, this happened like such and such happened when I was six years old and like that traumatized me. So then this led me to get, you know what I'm saying? Like my dad got sick, so then I started doing this and then I don't know if like that, I think honestly like I just curiosity like I tried getting high and then once I started like other substances that was, I think it's just like sparked something. I don't know like they say that or predictions like a disease and shit, so I don't know if I buy that. But um I don't know. I think I've always had an addictive personality, like just been all balls to the wall with certain things, so maybe that is a part of it. Um But honestly like right now at this point in time, like I don't want I want to be sober and like, I don't want to keep getting high and like, you know, fucking up my life. But like it's just I don't know, it's it's the craziest thing to describe. Um No. Yeah. I wish I knew the answer to that question because then I would stop and I would really know.
You have done that works. Um I see a therapist right now and I
Yeah, it helps. I think a lot. I think more people like, I think regardless of if you have these serious problems that people should see a therapist, like I think it's a very good thing. Um
Or
it's one of the movement is like, it's just easier. It's almost easier said than done. Like it's it's tough to I don't know, I've been in those those spots and like, you don't want to I don't know, it's just something about it. Like it's so difficult to either ask for help or just get up and get yourself to that point. Both.
yeah. Thank you. Yeah.
Yeah. And that's one thing I'm so so happy for is that I didn't kill anyone because the amount of times I drove fucked up and I didn't get caught. Like, I mean it wasn't just those three times and like that alone, like I would be able to live with that, you know, uh using the chills. Yeah,
drunk driving accidents like all that and like that could have been me on the other end of it. I would never want to do that to someone. Yeah.
Also if I thought if I had just paid for an Uber or done something like that, like the amount of fines and like debt that I have from lawyers and court feet. Oh my God, I shouldn't, you know what I'm saying? Like just a cab. I could uh yeah, I could just like I could pay for so many things, other things in my life versus that. So yeah, that alone should deter someone put it is what it is. You know, at least I didn't do anything bad or didn't sleep in the, yeah. So what, what state, what part of the United States, you know?
Okay, so this east coast nine. Yeah. Nice.
Got anything good on the agenda for today.
So grandma,
well
you're going to do, what are you guys going to do?
No.
I wouldn't think she'd be really towards asians, I would think should be raised to stores like black people are just given the location.
I
don't
That's like, that's one thing I avoid conversation with with my girlfriend's parents, just any extended family is politics and racism, like it doesn't end well.
Status.
that
would
I know.
Uh huh mhm Yeah.
Well
Absolutely the sentence. Yeah, I just started early. Susan
what?
Um I actually I met her at this most recent school on that and I actually met him because I met him because I met her because of the dog. Um Yeah, like basically I was living on campus and they allow for um sir, if you have like an emotional support animal, they allow you to have the water cat or whatever on campus. It was actually the first day I got him and I was just walking around campus and then it was funny because he's super skittish and shy and like doesn't like people at all like at all except those think his closest with like he's so super attached. But like especially in the first day like any time we'd see anyone, he would just go like tail between his butt and like, you know, cower and would let anyone pet him with them. Yeah, but then we were walking by or she walked out with one of her friends and like for whatever reason like he did not do that and like he let her pet him and like, I don't know, I'm just super comfortable. But um
Yeah and then yeah, it's a long story short, I just kind of ended up getting connected with her and dating for like two years now. And
yeah, so she's
put.
Yeah exactly, he's like the better better social lubricant and alcohol for real. Uh huh.
Yeah. Yeah so that worked out yeah and she's holding all this bullshit so. Yeah. Yeah.
Again.
Yeah we reached that was we we reached it right? Yeah. Cool. 25
you
look.
Yeah I see. Mine is it has a little ticker thing. 26 09 26 10. Yeah.
it's in the prolific thing. But yeah. So what do we what do I do I have to call?
What?
I
it is sweet.
Our
group.
Very
good talking to you.
Yeah good luck with your boyfriend's grandparents. It'll go well you know and
him
asking you like just him asking you to meet those people in his life is a very significant thing.
Thank
you. three
people.
Thank you. Thank you.