Yeah. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah. Yeah. Report. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Right. Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Yeah, we're back. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah, wow. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Yes, I can.
Uh at least five minutes.
Oh, did you check your junk mail?
Yes, but I also got the email, so Yeah.
But well, who $15?
I know all the other ones are like 50 cents or something.
All right. So, I guess we're supposed to talk about anything.
So um from like Korea,
Yeah, I'm visiting my boyfriend right now.
explains why I look like a mess right now because I am so tired. I just woke up.
So where you from?
Oh, cool. So you kind of lived around the area? Huh? Like Oh, cool.
Isn't
America? Oh, I'm like 21. How about you? Yeah. Oh cool. Cool. So like are you like currently a university student or?
are
you enjoying the program?
Yeah, I feel that.
So I myself am kind of like, I don't know, it's kind of confusing because at first I started out by going to like this like art school I guess
her body because I wanted to apply for like actual like art universities and like doesn't Maryland like Baltimore. Not Baltimore. Yeah,
so there was one school in Baltimore that I wanted to really go to and they have a really good scholarship. So I wanted to apply for that and stuff but you know our school is expensive, you know, so I kind of had to like quit because my family is not really doing good when it comes to finance and stuff. So I quit on that and then I moved on to like I thi you know programming and stuff. So I started going to like this technical school for about a year and I actually finished it but in terms I really didn't like that either so but right now I am enrolling in like an online college so I'm trying to change my major to like urban architecture engineering.
I
was
like complications like a technical school that you go to about a year and they give you like the started certificate or something.
Yeah. Dude it's like funded by the government and they pay you like every month for even being there they'll be like paying for your transportation fees And like yeah they give you like $500 a month or something and
you just you know turn the classes
oh it's in Korea so
sorry I made it confusing. I'm sure there are a lot of like maybe not government funded with something similar very affordable ones in the states to I did hear about it.
Yeah. Yeah but other than that I think if you are interested in like I. T. I do suggest you go on like I don't know like you do me or something dot com and actually attend online classes and they do like give user certificates for that and I hear you can apply for jobs with that, it's pretty helpful. Yeah it's definitely worth searching up.
Nice. We're supposed to ask each other like random questions to
keep the conversation
going
jail. Why what happened if you don't mind me asking?
Yeah we don't even know each other.
Whoa.
It
sounds
horrible.
Oh my God. So I personally never talked to anyone who's been to you know who's been
in jail and yeah, that's kind of eye opening to hear that, wow, so like I have a question though, if you don't mind me asking,
have you ever been in like a life threatening, you know situation where you sense that oh this guy is really dangerous and I should stay away or something like that in jail?
feel
it.
Yeah. Mhm
Gay isn't dropping the soap?
What?
so that's
the difference.
Yeah my boyfriend and I talk about that a lot like he always, he's like and you know he's actually from America, he was born and raised here, so he always tells me about like how horrible the american jail system is and like it's horrible because like the whole point of jail is like letting people know not to do that shit again, right? But instead people are locking them up and I did hear something about the jails themselves like getting money like under the table or something to make it even a harsher environment and that's, I don't agree with that. You know, you hear shit
about european jails, about, you heard about like um Finland's jails, about how they're really nice and
people actually get rehab in there and actually you know get better and once they come out they come back out as better citizens or something. And I believe that's what prison system is supposed to be, you know, changing people's lives.
No. So um I don't know like how would you say that you've gotten better from it or? I don't know, I can't words, I just won't go up,
so like
You have a dog? Oh my god, what's his name?
Hi Gates. Oh
he's a little puppy. Oh my god,
So
cute.
Yeah. Don't throw shock.
I'm
Thank
you.
I'm really sorry.
hm. So if you don't mind me asking, why do you think you um get high and you know get drunk and drive under the influence and all this stuff that you've done in the past and as of now as well, what motivates you?
No, no, no, I understand. I understand. Don't get me wrong, I do have like, well I don't know like as for me I definitely do know that I have like a mental some kind of like a disorder that motivates me to be thinking the way I do and act the way I do right now. But have you ever tried talking to like, a professional for like a therapist, psychiatrist? Yeah.
Oh, that's nice.
I I used to see my psychiatrist regularly, but then I stopped and my depressive episodes kept coming back and I still do. And my boyfriend always yells at me and he's like, you need to see a therapist right now, like,
yeah, you need to take care of it and stuff and Yeah.
Well, regardless of what you've done, of course, I don't ever condone like driving under the influence because it takes other people's lives, you know? And this is not cool, but kudos for you were trying to get better, you know, like who does for you? I'm trying to be sober or at least beyond that journey to be sober and I believe you can do it, you know?
Of course.
certainly does.
you read those stories online about how, you know, a husband or a wife with Children in the car and they get hit by like a drunk driver and that does give me the chills, that's why I always tell my boyfriend like you know, put your seatbelt in like you may not kill someone, but someone will kill you if you're not careful, you know, you never know when that truck or that car will come for you and it's horrible way to die. Yeah. Yeah.
Georgia,
Yeah.
Oh my god, today I'm meeting my grandpa, um not my grandpa, what am I saying? I can't uh I'm meeting my boyfriend's grandma today and
it's gonna be like first time meeting the
grandma thing and so it's kind of like a big deal, I'm very nervous.
work, we're doing dinner and then after that we're going to this place called Georgia theater or something and we're gonna basically like a 10 like live concerts and I don't know drink I guess. Yeah she brought some meatballs. I
do hear that she's like racist and like a trump supporter so I am scared because I'm asian as fuck
and mexican people
like apparently
she talks about that shit a lot. It tells me everything.
Yeah or religion to maybe if
they're like hardcore christians or something that
just
scares me. Yeah like my hands will be starting to sweating and everything and I'll be like I kind of don't want to you know participated in the situation like conversation right here.
It gets really heavy and it really does show like what kind of people they are like I mean no offense of course you anyone that I love. But every time I try to talk with my friends or my family members and like people that I know at work or something. Every time politics comes up like people, Oh, it gets really ugly.
I have my dad like telling me. So you agree with, you know this person and you don't agree with that person whom I support. And I was like, I'm not saying that, but I kinda, you know, I'm saying that I do agree with some things that he does and my dad would get really angry because he really supports the other person, right? It's just really hard to like continue having that
conversation, especially with your dad or like family members.
Mhm. So how
did you meet your girlfriend?
Oh, it was fate
all That is so sweet.
So, you can
say that your dog with a wing man. Huh?
Oh yeah glad to hear that.
Oh.
Mhm. All right well It's been like 27 minutes.
I
think
so because you you signed in here at 9.03? Right.
Oh you yours has it timer or something? Oh I don't so
Hold on I'm thinking of okay I'm looking at the page they sent me. Okay so here says 29 minutes We've been talking for 29 minutes and mm
when your conversation is complete or if your conversation gets interrupted um Please return to this browser tab to continue
your participation. Okay so there's a blue arrow there.
I think we're supposed to click on it. I'm gonna still keep the tab up here in case. No. All right I think
we're supposed
to close. Well
it's
and talking to you,
Thank
you,
Yeah thank you. And good luck to you too. Of course in terms of everything in life you know
hope
you get
better.
Bye bye.