Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Uh, Jeff. Right. Okay. Okay. Right. Yeah, he's got, but yeah. Yeah. Yes. Mhm, wow. Mhm. Mhm. Okay. Mhm. No. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Okay. Yeah, literally. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Mm hmm. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Right. Come on. Uh huh. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hey? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Mhm. No. Mhm. Oh, mm hmm. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Mhm. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. My God. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Mhm, mm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. The property two. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Okay.
Hey, Good morning. How's
it going?
Are you out out west?
Yeah, I didn't know. Well, obviously nine a.m. I'm in Ohio, so I didn't
think
that it would be. That's funny. How's it going?
Good. This is crazy.
I did
the same
thing.
They didn't
get it. I know, I know you've been on prolific long.
Yeah, it's kind of nice. Really?
Oh, I know, tell me about it. There's a ton of those Kevin 19 studies.
Yeah, I'm in several like that. I just I can't keep track of it, but yeah, the other time,
but
it there's a lot of content now and it's not, I mean what I'm
working from home, so it's I'm constantly on, I just kind of keep it open when something pops up.
Yeah, I didn't bad, it's I've been uh probably about a year and a half two and it's, I don't know, easy money I mean for what it is.
Yeah, it's not a gimmick or nothing, you know?
yeah, you can't beat it, That's cool.
Oh, you're
watching
it, Okay, that's cool.
I traveled a lot
for my job, so it's
uh I'm always um in Washington or I'm out west a lot, but it's nice out there. Yeah,
I'm
kind
of
stinks.
Um I mean we can still get out, but it's uh there's no travel, I mean for my job, so it's like everything I got to do now. I got to do it over a computer or telephone, so that makes it a little more difficult.
But
but yeah, I don't think we're traveling the rest of the year really. I mean they've already mixed it. Yeah,
I don't know what it's gonna go like, you know what it's gonna be like moving forward either.
Yeah, you have no idea. I mean there's gonna be a different normal I guess, but I don't know what it's going to be.
What?
yeah I think it I want to say like March 13 when it went that's like the last normal day so it's feel like forever ago now
there
you go
I mean it's it's kind of good and bad.
still
yeah they're over yeah I get it I guess but it's I don't know I'm getting a little sick of it but it's nothing
you
can do about it. It is what it is
Take
the good
with the
bad.
Yeah Yeah how do you like the name, how do you like the nanny job?
Oh that's
I hear you.
why
not?
Oh yeah especially by word of Malcolm sure
Yeah, that's perfect. Really? In
yeah, that's gonna be days, every day is a little bit different and spice it up a little bit
doing
the same
thing.
I'm
really just at home every day uh five days a week right now,
so it's you know, I'm not working the full eight hours I mean, but
you
know.
No, so it's kind of nice to be able to get things done around your house, that kind of things that you can like instead of waste time at work you can go cut the grass or something, you know, so you can get a lot, you can multitask
I guess, personal stuff and then you work stuff, but um I don't know other than that it's it's not it's not too bad, I mean I'm a fraud investigator so it's like I I need to be out traveling and actually face to face with people. So
um it kind of makes it more difficult to when you got to talk to somebody who doesn't want to talk to you when you call them over the, call them up, they you're just to hang up on you instead of showing up at their house.
Oh yeah it's a lot different. But um you never know. I mean if if we get good results without traveling then I could see them, the company saying well because our travel budgets pretty big so you've been cutting that out or cutting most of it out, you never know. That's a concern too.
Yeah. Yeah let's zoom so big now.
that's the thing. Yeah.
Zoom
Crashers.
it's kind of weird.
I
yeah. Oh yeah I think it's gonna work out good for a lot of people. I think a lot of people's jobs could probably change where they you're not in the office at all. Or uh every day like like like the old days but so I mean I can see that that would be nice but you know,
I want to
see.
Yeah. It's a lot of waste of time at school in at the office.
Yeah, I'm sure.
Yeah. Yeah. I mean it is kind of nice. You did you like like at least for me it's like I'm not driving, getting up driving to work and driving home and wasting all this time, you know just in the office when there's nothing going on, usually just talking to somebody else when like here I can get something done Or 2020 minutes or something. Um So I don't know it's been it's been different but I'm kind of used to it now, so it is going to be tough when they
say go back or if they say go back,
yeah, that'll be a shock, you know, slap in the face, it'll be a new experience,
who knows, I
don't
know.
But
yeah, the malls and everything just opened back up yesterday, I think it was yesterday um or Monday or one of the two, but they got just weird,
you know, restrictions, you know, so many people can come into a store and I don't know if they're requiring masks now or what, but it's like they're slowly easing
back into it. What about you guys?
Yeah, that's it's crazy if you know, you have really stepped foot in a restaurant or like a store outside of a grocery store in months,
I mean
Yeah. Really? I mean, that's just the truth, It's
fine, everybody
is gonna
Yeah. Yeah, it is, there's a lot of less trapping even just just being out that you could just tell there's hardly any traffic and there's like you said, there's a lot of open parking
spots now and where they're usually wouldn't be um But it's it is wild, I mean, just, You know, I'm walking around in my neighborhood after like 7:00 PMclock um there's zero cars out, you know, it's just it's weird, it's like a ghost town.
But
yeah, I haven't been on a freeway. I couldn't tell you when it's it's weird. I mean, I'm sure everybody's gonna be talking about this for years and years.
Going to be a thing. That's wild.
Mhm. Yeah, you're right.
Yeah, I mean, I can already remember, I mean I could tell a story about it now it's it's weird.
No.
Um That's kind of the same thing it's just netflix or um who lose what we have and so
I've just been doing that and then just odds and ends like getting a new roof put on my house soon so it's like I'm able to get
of things done. Yeah I mean I'm like the last the last house on the on the block that needs a new roof so held out so I mean it's been nice to be able to get a lot of things done and like I said just cut your grass on Tuesday morning instead of saturday you know? Um
So it's been nice. I mean I've been busy I mean it's weird I have
been
busy you know just odds and ends things but how about you? Just
just
two
personal
I know but it's I guess it feels good what
it's
done
they just
need you just moved in there or.
That's
Yeah that's nice when families kind of close.
that's cool.
Um yeah I I got a brother that's like five minutes away and then another one that's like 15 and then my parents are like 30 minutes away but it's still relatively close so
so
everybody's within a half hour
kind
I know what you mean.
heck yeah. Get out.
no that's
yeah it makes more sense. Yeah.
yeah I know what you're saying.
Yeah they're just use that's just where they that's just their house. Yeah
they don't
actually,
it catches up to them all you know it's hard to get up and down the steps and just back
of life. Yeah.
Do
they
cut
their own breast or did somebody cut it for
more?
That's
like my parents
right I just can't stop. I know what you're saying.
I guess
it keeps him going.
Thanks
making up for it. Yeah.
Oh yeah I love that. I know that's what my dad did a couple years ago.
I don't know. They got a pretty big yard though. It's like it's makes sense to have a providing lawnmower. But
can't you can't I was thinking about having somebody come over and
pay them to you know cut their grass every couple weeks or a few weeks. But I don't I don't think that he'd go for it you
know?
Yeah like you said they just make them feel useful just to do something like that.
So
how
is your
son?
Well, that's not bad. Yeah.
She
said you had
How was your son?
I got 33 girls, so Yeah.
UB 17, 15 and 12.
I'm
writing
that right in that mix on everyone, but I wanted to get them, you know, every couple of years and just be done done with kids, you know? No. Yeah.
I
don't know. But it's weird, I don't, you know, with girls and boys is completely different,
so I wouldn't know what to do. I wouldn't know what to do with the boy at this point.
There you go.
Oh yeah. I mean
they're not, you know, it's just changing their routine I think. Yeah.
my
gosh.
That's funny. Hi makes sense. So I guess I mean you know just everybody it's affecting you in your own special way,
jeez
she's got she's got it down. That's funny to
me.
Did he play sports or anything or does
he do anything
like that?
that's there's nothing wrong
with
that.
Place
of
You know
what
I mean?
Computers are where it's at. I mean it's it's been that way for a long time and it's that ain't gonna go away.
Yeah. They're constantly changing. That's for sure.
Is calling Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. That's
Is he going to go to college or anything or like a
At
I
Oh I bet it's a culture shock.
That
Right. Right. Yeah that's that's good that's that's kind of what or my daughter's looking at colleges now too and I'm like I would stay in state and quick don't it's college so you know I don't wouldn't because you're going to have to get some loans it's like you know you got to think about that kind of stuff you know it's not just fun and games it's you know it's it is what it is you can't just you know you don't don't go here just because it's more fun you think it's gonna be more fun that's not why you go and you know I'm trying to teach with the ways of financing, budgeting and that kind of stuff that they don't teach you in school.
Kind of smart
that's good,
that's
that's
smart.
that's
terrible
we'll have this
I see,
that's a shame because I come back to bite you
and
then
and then you've got other things that start piling up, you know they don't think of that and you've got the real world and you know you might get married and take on their debt and then you've got yeah you know you got to take care of yourself before you get into all that but it's tough.
I was I never understood what they don't teach you how to you know responsibly use a credit card or budget or that kind of stuff in in school, you
know?
me
too,
me too. I remember going to think in college they would walk up and down campus and they'd have little stand set up where you can get a free t shirt if you sign up for this credit card or something and I'm like you know, film something out stupid. They
don't teach
it.
I mean to
yeah it's like treat your life like a like a business, you're running a business you know. Got
to be
smart.
It
sucks. Yeah it sucks. It is what it is though. I mean takes a lot of money to live that's for sure. Yeah.
Yeah it's kind of everything, everything works out better. No,
I
hear
you.
Oh I bet. Oh wow. Yeah that makes sense. I can't
imagine
that.
the location,
I'm
it's probably
always going to be somebody looking for that in that area.
let's go. At least you didn't have the struggle and don't
worry
if you're going
to.
So
Well
that's
good.
Well there you go. Like
bidding war.
Yeah, you can't
beat that.
Well
there you go. I mean that's pretty the Microsoft kind of changed the atmosphere in that area. Yeah.
Yeah. Well that's pretty cool.
that nice.
Uh gosh that's like 03,
so we built it. So it was like it's um yeah uh been here ever since so it's getting kind of you know there's a lot of people moving around you and it's like the it seems like the neighbors when they move, you get you get worse neighbors in every time you get new neighbors it seems like in certain
houses. So it's like it's and it's one of those neighborhoods words you don't got a like a huge backyard, you got a house kind of butts up against you. Um So I'm ready to like get out of here and find something with a little more privacy and you know, it's just one of those cookie cutter neighborhoods so. But
well that ain't bad. It is I'm used
to
it now.
Yeah well I'm
almost there so.
yeah it is a good like neighbor because it's like now it's like all the people that are moving and have young kids. So it's like that's kind of how it was when I moved into the neighborhoods and all my kids are older. So it's like we you don't hang out with the neighbors as much anymore because there's a lot of new younger families here now that hang out together or whatever so it's just it's different. That is but
that we make it to
30 minutes
I think
we do.
So
you too. So what do we gotta do just close this
window
I think.
let's see. It
says
30 minutes. I might. All right well thanks
you
tell
I hope
so. Right back at you
take care