there. It is, good morning. Yeah
But
I regretted clicking that six a.m. available spot.
I was like oh I didn't think they'd actually matched me up at six a.m.
How are
you?
good good thank you. How about yourself?
It is very strange. I know I was trying to explain to someone, I was like well I have to go do this thing where I have to talk to a stranger for like a half an hour like. Yeah that's not
something
I would
do.
So
um probably a little over a year I think.
Yeah just random stuff here and there and of course with all the COVID-19 studies, everything is just like, hey let's check in with you every week. I'm like Okay I'm still depressed. All right.
I know. Have you gotten into any of them where you just have to do it every week? The same studies?
let's
go.
From,
See I'm not home that much. I have everything I do, I work outside of the home so usually I have one day a week and like okay is there any studies? I'll do some studies.
I know it's something interesting and.
Right. Exactly. That's why I was telling my sister because she she does it too and I was just like you know, I went through some things and tried other stuff like I just narrowed my focus down to hey what's a little bit of easy money for my time and uh this this is the top of the list for sure.
Good. Good. So you're at the Ohio, I'm in Washington
all
you?
You know kind of the epicenter of everything? Yeah.
Lot
dear.
So what's it like not traveling just kind of being locked down at home? How
are you,
are
you
guys locked down very much?
it
doesn't. Uh
Yeah.
Right. No, it's just an absolute unknown,
That's what I keep saying, I'm just like, so I was telling something yesterday, I was like okay, I go back just like to february
and really realizing what february was like and like okay, how long is it going to be until I see that again in my life and you know, and I just can't know predictions nothing whatsoever.
Yeah, I mean I feel a little bit lucky because I work multiple jobs, I'm just kind of a crazy person, so I worked six days a week, but that takes me out of the house six days a week, I don't get to be, I'm not one of those people that work at home, I work in grocery store merchandising, so I'm in a grocery store several days a week with his super fun stuff. Um and then I nanny for two doctors families basically,
and
so I'm there, I have a lot of interaction with people and so I can't quite relate to people that are stuck at home, trust me, I have absolute sympathy for,
but you know, but at the same time I have that, you know, kind of jittery feeling every time I'm out and all the time, because I'm just in contact with people six days a week, I'm in contact with doctors that go into the hospitals, they're not in the they're not on the front lines, but
they go to the hospital every single day, right, and they come back and to their families and it's like okay and I love their wives, they're like okay, did you wash up, did you wash up? Yeah.
I
know
it is. I know, yeah, it's just kind of the
the weird life
we
have
to live now,
okay, so I kind of fell into it. I did a whole moving changing life situation last year and I just kind of did it, I'll make some extra money until I figure out what I wanted before job, right, and I found this family and it's been the coolest thing
I really like, I mean, I have a teenage boy who is very much a teenage boy, so it's been fun to go back to see the girl I'm with Four days a week, she's 18 months old, so I've been with her since she's eight months and uh it's been super fun, it's been kind of reinvigorating for me to meet this little person again and watch them grow and have something and they don't talk back as much, so
yeah, it's been super fun, I really, I like it and I actually can see doing it more as a career after this, just only
because
they, you can get some really nice paying jobs out there,
right, right, and then the other family, I just used to do their transportation for lessons and sports and everything like that after school and you know, so that was super easy, it was a couple of boys and I didn't have to do it, I didn't do anything with them, it's just like okay, you got your soccer stuff, get ready, okay, let's go to sock,
it's been really cool, I like it, I like my little combination of jobs because then I'm doing something different every day.
yeah, not something
started
for
my, how about you, work wise,
are you? Yeah,
girl,
you
never
do know,
Like
that
Oh you know like a face to face?
It is it's going to be interesting to see how this impacts so many jobs because can you how much work can you do at home? Right um you know the doc one of the doctors I work for he's half the day he's at home doing zoom meetings, zoom consultations.
Yeah I have to do my first one with my other company today and I'm just like okay this is gonna be weird, my kids all like oh they're going to somebody's gonna crash it and do all this
like
well
you know I guess you have to roll the dice on that but yeah but must be uh yeah I just I wonder
so I think to a lot of people will find out like you said you can
do so much at home and still be productive. Right.
doing that. Well, I tried
to explain
to people to like with everybody schooling their kids at home, I home school my son for eight years and so I just put him back into high school, he wanted to go, I didn't force him um and uh you don't have to homeschool for six hours a day, that's just such a, you know, you literally when you have one kid or you see you have four of them, you're focused on. Teaching them is so narrow, you get them the information and then you're done for the day.
So much wasted time and he kind of really hated it when I went back. So
he was thrilled when this all happened. I'm like you're not supposed to have that reaction to.
I
They're like here's your travel schedule for the next four weeks, right, hop on the road and
here.
if you
guys
had like your restaurants
closed down and everything to or
you're
What?
we're still pretty shut down. Yeah, we're there doing a phased opening. They have a three stage phase opening in all the counties. So we probably have like eight counties that are in the outlying area that there's no people in them basically. So they get to do they get to have restaurants open at 50% capacity. But the way they're going to do it is that between each phase we're in phase one um there's a minimum of three weeks so we just started this so we don't expect to see restaurants open for seating until june sometime. Yeah, but we're really pretty much more locked down. Yeah.
No I know the
big excitement is going to Costco, you know? Yeah.
Although
I noticed
that I have been telling people, I noticed that there for us because I don't know where where we are, we're kind of a little bit more packed in. So our Costcos are always super super busy. I know Costcos are busy but there's actually parking which is uh real. And so people are doing entertainment shopping. I mean I used to entertain myself by going to Costco seriously. And so you can tell now people just go in, get their essentials and they leave, they're just not doing that to drive up to Costco and find a parking spot right away. Is bizarre to me.
What?
I don't think I've driven more than like 10 miles
in either direction from my house in about 2.5 3 months. Right. So I don't know what the freeways look like or anything like that around here.
yeah. Just the impact on everybody. This is our event basically the big thing.
Where were you when
that happened? Yeah.
Here's my experience, I remember this day, in this day, in this day, so goodness
how are you keeping busy when you're not at work? I've been binge watching way too much stuff, so.
No,
the project,
Right.
Well
no.
I'm still in the process of I swear moving, in I moved here about 10 months ago and I still have a storage unit that I haven't cleared out and so I'm just kind of
you know, bringing stuff, but it's a little hard because I don't have as much free time with, you know, six days a week, it's just because my job is kind of overlap each other, so saturday is my big day and
a free day
who really wants to do all that, so
I
have
to kind of drive myself a little bit more to get things done, but it's slowly
but surely.
Yeah, I just moved, so it's kind of kind of weird. I'm in a whole new, I live about two hours south of where I used to live up north because I used to live up by Redmond Bellevue area And lived there for almost 20 years and so moving south was a little bit different and I love it though, I really
do. My sister ended up buying a house Within two weeks of me um that's like seven miles away so it worked out perfectly. Yeah
it is yes, so
I was I was happy about that, how about you, do you have family around you or?
Yeah. Well that's
not bad.
That's
good. I think I move further. Yeah. No I moved further away from my parents. I
was just like sorry I got my own life, I got to make my own decisions and
we're actually trying to convince them to move down by us,
you know we're like hey we're down here, we both have homes down here now so
sell that big house that you guys don't need anymore and get close.
It's so hard though, it's so hard to convince them to move.
Yeah it's like you're old, you're old don't you know they got these steep stairwells and southern stuff, you're just worried
about
them. But they
I know.
No I just want him in a nice one level home somewhere I can
keep an eye
on
them.
No
my dad is still super active. He shouldn't be he has had like so many shoulder surgeries and heart stuff and everything like that and he'll still go out there he's 77 and they both have been out working in the yard and I can
do
this year and like everybody else. Yeah.
Yeah so that's
good.
He had a lot of years where he was
kind of down and didn't do anything because of the surgeries and everything like that. So I think now that he's feeling good.
went about bought himself a big driving lawnmower and
Yeah I get that.
See well
what?
they
like.
Yeah. Well he's he's been in outdoors his whole life in construction and digging dirt and that you know big machine moving dirt things and that he just can't stop. So
he's
got
couple
of couple of acres he can play with.
get out there
and play
little bit.
He is 16. Yeah.
How old?
Oh wow. You got good experience then
with that.
Ancient.
Hm. What
about
as
I really wanted a boy which was awesome and
and I think it was a good mix for our personalities so you know he's he's smart, he's crazy, he's I don't know he's really super fun to be with and talk with but then he just has his teenage moments where you know it's just like oh and this whole thing I don't know about your kids but it just I can see it impacting him even though he's saying it's not
so
I'm talking to my 10 year old niece last night and she's A great person to talk to. two. We were talking about the impact and how this is a crisis on their lives even though we don't sometimes see it as much we feel it in work and life and everything else. And she's like oh yeah I totally feel this She was getting all philosophical with me about the crisis in
her
life at 10.
well she just she went through the list of how it was impacting her life right away she just went boom boom boom boom boom like
you've thought about this a little bit I think
my
gosh.
He
doesn't
he's like that little computer nerdy guy so
you
know
uh he's just yeah he's not into sports or anything that much to the dismay of his grandfather, you know the ex football coach, high school football coach and everything, you know it just drives me a little crazy that he doesn't do those
kind of
things but I don't know
I can't
make
him
No no and that's I mean that's what his dad dad does and that's always been the major influence on his life. So he's moving with him, he can tell me things about computers. I mcclaren. Wait I've been around longer than you have. So
I know so that I mean that I imagine will be his career someday.
So I cut
God I hope so right now he's so disillusioned with the school thing so I have to kind
of get him back on track to
realize and it was just you know where we're at, it's kind of a it's a smaller town and so it's kind of a small town high school. So he had to come in as the new kid. And because I was home schooling him, I dropped him a grade. And as he was, he would have been going into 10th grade. I was like, you know, I just didn't think that was great for him to go straight into high school in 10th grade. So he was just like, the kids are so immature. And so, You know, they're a bunch of 14, 15 year old boys, right? And yeah, he just could not stand them.
So I'm just like, oh, if I can get you to sixth or get you passed 10th grade, then there's so many options here for doing college at high school and Um, just a
ton of other options, even at 16, they can go to community college and still go to high school and get their diploma there and then two years at community college.
fortunately.
First on my kid, he's super aware of college loans. I don't know why, but because, well I did make him take some finance subjects when we when he was a little bit younger, so he had to do this whole credit card interest loans, all
those types of things. And we watched a few things, not documentaries, but you know, little things on news shows and that type of thing about college loans. So he doesn't want any loans. He knows that for sure. And
then we have a
family
friend whose daughter decided to go to an out of state college and we're just sitting back watching how much it costs. And the it we're just like they, you know, she's a single mom with two girls and her child's going to A college, you know that's cost under 30 35,000 a year
and
like you know what?
She wants to be a God bless you want to be something in teaching. So you know it's not like it's a something that needs to be specialist at a special school or anything that like that she could
local in doing it.
Yeah she's
going to walk
out with $120,000 in debt.
it's really
Even
this many years later they're still not doing, I know how stupid I was with credit cards when I got
my first
one.
I know.
It's
just really I the errors I made in my early financial life impacted me for so long, so I'm just determined he isn't going I'm a crazy budget. Er So I have him
logged into my budget system now and he has his own little separate budget but he gets access to my main budget so you can just see how this is how life works. Right?
These
are how
much things cost, this is how much it costs to feed you this month.
It
does. I did move to a lower cost of living area so that was nice.
it
was
not
expected, it was not cheap to live up in that area You know right. eight miles from Microsoft.
it
was
it was it was a great location. Fabulous that helped me sell my house for money that I should not have been able to sell my house for because it was an old house but they
bought it as a um investment took them a few months to rent it. But you know that's what they were doing, they were renting it out for a ridiculous amount of money and I'm sure they just got two or three people that work in tech somewhere around there to pool their
money and moving in and
it's just,
Yeah. Always I literally, I had 40 different people and families show up to my open house. Yeah.
it's
sold
away.
So and I did it, we priced it so that it would sell quickly
and we were like the lowest house in the market. So it was just mobbed basically. Yeah.
And
then we
had, we had like five people bidding on it.
it's like,
I know it's awesome.
It
was thought that here's my little old house, I shined
it up as best as I could.
it's so, it's so detective and there's so many other companies to that are up there. But um Microsoft is the beating heart of everything up there,
so Yeah.
How long have you had your house?
Okay. You've been in a while.
like
Hey, you know?
not
bad.
Just don't keep it like I did for like 20 years. Yeah,
you're
all you're getting there. Yeah, somebody, it will be a great house for somebody else though. They'll love it as there.
good deal. All
We
made
it
or almost yeah, we're past the time limit, awesome. Well it was
great chatting with you
so
yeah, I think we close
this and then we go back to that other window, I'm just kind of popping away over here. Uh
there
it is.
Have a good time and hopefully
life
back to normal in like a year or so for you and your family
and
okay. Sounds good. Talk