Hi. How are you?
What?
But
no
you're fine. Okay. Hi. Okay
good. How are you?
Um I just woke up a little while ago so it's just started.
Yes. Yes I am. Okay. Do
you know?
um
I don't, on the weekends I'm pretty lazy. I don't do very much. I you know wake up leisurely. I spent a lot of my mornings reading so mm.
Yeah.
What did you like to read?
How did you, so you found this through prolific or another site or?
that's how I found you. No.
I've made a couple $100 through this um over the past. Mhm. four or 5 months.
Yeah. Yeah. But you have to like really be kind of on top of it and like taking all the surveys. Um There is a prolific extension you can get for your browser so notifies you when service pop up.
Yeah.
No
no I was doing um amazon mturk for a little while um but like it's so hard to like sort through everything so I don't find that
you know. Yeah and you know I'm only doing this to make a little extra money, it's not like $200 over my mom is like
I'm I am finished with school. I uh I went, I studied women's studies in undergrad and I got my Masters in women's studies too, so yeah, feminism
really.
Um No not particularly. So when I was in um undergrad I didn't really know what I wanted to do. So it seemed like and I was like thinking about like I was thinking about higher education as like a profession right? Um And so I got my Masters in women's Studies to kind of see like oh how how is this, how how do I feel about this? Do I want to like do this for a good chunk of my life moving forward? And I found that writing papers and being in the library and doing critical analysis of it's just not a lot of fun, you know, it's it's fine I
guess.
absolutely, and like the the job market for liberal arts or social science phds are, it's horrendous, right? Like you spend all that time getting that degree and then you're, you know, I've heard horrible.
so.
But um
who are
come on.
Yeah, that's awesome. Um So I spent the last six years working on the issue of human trafficking in Ohio, so um I just kind of stumbled into it like after I finished my masters, I like really struggled finding a job I did AmeriCorps and like that's turned into my career for the last six years, so it's been really good. I do feel like I'm doing something good and meaningful and, and interesting. Um but you know, after six years I'm kind of like, what else is out there, what else
should I be doing with my life?
I will definitely have to be patient with with survivors. Um I think so many survivors are not viewed as being victimized, their views as like the bad people, right? And think there's so many barriers, systematic barriers they have to overcome. Um Yeah, it's really, it's really tough. I am like, I could never be a fair
Next.
Absolutely,
I'm sure. You sure?
Absolutely, Absolutely.
Come. Yeah. Uh huh,
it's depressing when I think about it, it's incredibly depressing.
Of course.
No.
Well,
Mom,
Mhm.
well, I'm right there with you. My family is a family of immigrants, I like didn't know what a mozzarella stick was for the longest time, like
growing
up
I like, and I went to someone's house in a high school and had when I was like, this is amazing.
All
uh huh,
yeah.
Yeah, so I went back when I was in high school and I didn't enjoy that experience that much. Um but I went back a couple of years ago with my whole family and I had the best time, I don't know what it was between like high school and a couple of years ago, but I had the absolute best time in the world, and then I went back again um just this past january, and again, I had a wonderful, spectacular time. I love it. There it is. Um it's changed, I think it's changing very fast, It's uh rapidly evolving country that's trying to uh bring more rural areas into a more modern context. Um and I'm sure there's a lot of like, Mhm. You know, I think if you look at the news in India, it's it's so like, there's so much conflict um like, you know,
like,
violence
So
there's a lot of discrimination and prejudice against Muslims in India, there's still some discrimination and prejudice, prejudice against people who are um lower caste or outside of the caste systems now,
even though people say that the caste system has been abolished, like it still lingers for so many people and has an impact on their like day to day lives in ways that, you know, we don't even realize. Um So I think there's a lot of that um I think there's a strong hindu nationalist movement in India, you know, that is not the greatest. Um So I don't know, it's it's hard, you know, to I don't fully understand all of it because I don't live there. I don't, you know, I don't pay attention to the news on a day to day basis about what's going on there, but I think it is a lot very like cultural religious, you know, classes, classes, stuff like that.
No.
I'm pretty good. Liberal.
We really
are, we really are. I have been so concerned about like the upcoming election in november and like how is that going to go and I'm just, you know, it just doesn't feel good in any way.
Running.
It
is, it's really hard.
Why do you
care?
Yeah.
Mhm. Uh
yeah, I I'm kind of, I admire that sort of minimalist uh mind frame. I'm kind of the worst, I feel like I grew up kind of in um poverty and so like I think I overcome and state by like
you know now that I like have a decent job and you know can pay all my bills and you know have a little bit of extra money left over. I am the worst at saving. I am the absolute worst at saving And I know it's something that I need to like
change.
But it's hard, it is, it's challenging. Um I'm, you know, especially as I think about like What's my life gonna look like 30, 40 years down the line? Right.
Uh huh. It's depressing.
Absolutely.
my
that was such a measly little like,
whoa,
no. Can they give us like stimulus checks for the next six months?
That would be something, you know?
And
I think there are a lot of people that don't even are not even going to be able to get their stimulus checks, you know?
Yeah. Or um, you know, a lot of people who are like homeless and you know, there's,
I
think there's going to be great. Like I think there are a lot of people who maybe don't won't know how to like access it or even if they are entitled, you know?
Yeah, I think the intent was that everyone should get it, but then how, and then, so I work with the foster care system. Um, and one of the questions that we've been kind of coming up against is like foster parents, like, what about foster parents who have Children in their care now, but who didn't have them a year ago when they file their taxes, right? Like
there, they won't get the extra money for the kids that they're taking care of now,
And then similarly, what about foster parents who no longer have kids in their care, but did have kids in their care? So it just feels a little unbalanced, right? Like,
and then you have like biological parents who are getting that money who
maybe
aren't
wanna,
it's just like this little tangle that doesn't affect like a lot of people, but does affect, you know, probably like tens of thousands of people across the United States, you know? So, yeah,
From
my
In
Yeah.
hmm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mhm,
mm.
No, it's ok. It's I think it's all around just very sad and upsetting and I think, I think everybody needs to know, like everybody within the child welfare system knows that it needs to get better, but like you have to have a lot of buying from a lot of different people who aren't necessarily on the same page with you. Um It's challenging, it's really challenging. I think there's a lot of things that the child welfare system can and should be doing in regards of like preventing Children from getting into into care by supporting families earlier on, you know, providing uh you know, whatever mental health or behavioral health support they needed, right? Um So we don't get to that point, but like the system is not set up that way, unfortunately. Mhm. Absolutely.
Yeah. So a little bit about the foster care system in Ohio. Um currently for the last um Last year, uh at any one time, we would have had about a little over 17,000 Children in state custody, right? And we only have about 7000 foster families.
I
don't know. I honestly don't know. I think there's a lot of different reasons for folks, but like, I don't think it seems like a like I've thought about fostering, but like I feel like I'm just not like set up to be a good father here in any way, but like we have such like, I don't think that's unique to Ohio,
that we
have
and, and so I think a lot of kids end up in like residential facilities and group homes and stuff where they're not given like a supportive family to like hell and you know, and that maybe does like worse, you know, for them, it's just so cyclical, right? Like you have these
because then they become parents and then their kids
become
I don't
think
it's like,
I'm a little sympathetic. Like I don't think people think they're going to be bad parents when they have,
but then they don't like have the tools to be good parents, you know?
No, I mean we don't offer like parenting supports to everybody, right? Like we're not teaching people this is how you discipline a child in a way that's not going
to
bar them for the rest of their life, right? Like we don't give them those tools. Yeah,
Yeah, no, that's absolutely a thing. So I think um people are trying to move towards the idea of um fostering as a support to the primary family, right? Um but I think the way a lot of people think about fostering is that you foster to adopt eventually and um the ultimate goal of fostering is eventually reunite the child with their biological family. Um that's the ultimate goal of the child welfare system.
No, it's
not, it's not,
that doesn't mean the biological parents have rights too and
their constitutional rights that we can't rate
like.
Um and so part of I think there's a lot of flaws, no offense, right? I think
there's some people with that sort of thinking because like, well I think we're putting a lot of onus on people to get their whole life together in such a short amount of time.
No,
if we're thinking about individuals with significant substance use disorders, right?
Um it can take 33 to 5 years for someone to recover from that fully.
And so I don't blame someone from for having a substance use disorder. I understand that that is a disease, like typically Children, once they're within the foster care system for two years, they are like that is usually what happens that they um we try to find a place of permanency for
them that
even though they go back to the biological family or they get adopted or go to a relative or something like that. Um So I think it's kind of unfair in in all regards, you
know,
Absolutely.
We're
Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Right. I think we've been talking for about 30 minutes.
Do you know if if this were supposed to close this or like what we're
Okay. So don't close it until you're completely finished with your conversation. All right. All
right. It was just talking to you.