No. All right,
really good. My olympic
will think. You know what? I'll
raise my tape. Oh, I think hi speaking can kind of see. Yeah.
Sorry.
Hey, how's it going?
good. I think you can see. Move on. Of uh it never had this problem before, but Mhm. Well, anyway, how's your morning going?
All right. So you're in the East Coast or Eastern Time zone.
So how do you usually
start your morning? Oh,
good.
So that's nice.
I miss actually I miss reading. I used to read a lot.
Mostly nonfiction. Mm hmm. Yeah. Mostly just nonfiction and things on productivity and no self help, I guess. Self improvement. Yes.
Yeah, prolific. So been honestly, I guess a couple of months now I've been following this reddit thread. I don't know. Yes. There is this whole reddit thread about like side hustles and actually it's really funny. It's called Beer Money. It's called Beer Money. Yeah.
Yeah. I thought it was a cool little side thing to do just to make a little bit of extra money and it's been tough.
that's pretty decent.
I'll check that are using chrome. Okay. Cool.
Other other sites that you like that you've had success
with?
useful.
Shit. Of course. That makes it uh So I have, you know, app in, are you familiar? Yeah, so I I do that also just doing freelance like digital find work too. Uh I mean it did have a work from home job but I didn't really love it. So I'm trying to do something else. And so you know, in the interim like Alright, this seems like I could do this. Yeah. Mhm. So what did you study in school or are you finished with school or going back?
Yeah.
So and what did you, I want to do with that degree, Was there something specific that that's why you chose that path?
if
you love doing that sort of thing, it is there are people who love doing that, so
preaching to the choir, I said you're preaching to the choir, I
mean I have, so I actually have a couple of degrees, but one of my my undergrad degree, my final one, my bachelor's is actually in liberal arts humanities, but my other degree, I have an Associates and fashion Design and I started out I actually started going to college to do a criminology and criminal justice. Uh but once I figured out that you have to be a cop which have no interest in and
if you want to go any further you really need a masters degree. So
No, I don't really want to do this. Like I just didn't see myself uh continuing with that. And then I sort of fell into um working with costumes, which I loved and I didn't necessarily
need a degree for and then after working in the industry for a while, then I went back to school from the fashion design degree. Yeah.
Question.
It must be fulfilling. Um One of my best friends is actually a licensed therapist and she's probably one of the most like patient people I know, you know?
I don't I don't know honestly because I think from I know I've known her for 25 years, like I know real well and I know her demeanor so well actually. She works mostly with uh schizophrenics and people who have border life, but now she's going to start working more with the general population a little bit and she's kind of and she kind of feels like relieved in a way because
she's like it's a lot easier in some way, you know, because you can only get someone to the point of like they have to be able to connect with reality and if they cannot act with reality, it's very hard to help them, you know?
And just a lot of work. So
But yeah, I mean I think about that sort of you know, you want to be involved in like a community sort of effort and just feel like what you're doing matters. I don't think that the way things are set up really, you know, makes it like inviting for people to want to do that sort of thing and often doesn't give people a trajectory to even do that. And I think you like saying there's so many barriers, like even if you want to do that, it's not easy to even get to that point, you know, before she was therapist, she was a social worker, which she like, she was like, that sucks. I don't want to do this. Or like I get, you know, it's hard doing any of that kind of work like those people, anyone who does that is like amazing person. So,
so,
so what I'm doing now though is uh mostly digital design. And so now I'm using my kind of design background and I guess and he had a reason away. It's like there is a lot of art psychology. Um So I mean it is kind of general, oh, okay. I don't think it's a waste necessarily. I think our society thinks it's a waste, bring value to it. It doesn't understand like something that I've always thought about is how, you know, our country doesn't value education the way that other countries do because they get them free education or it's like it's affordable so that everyone could be educated and it's a right and you know, they can become productive members of society and make the country better. And obviously we all know the case like what's going on. And I mean we're getting this little break which is nice, but it's like okay, and then after that, like, all right, well expect pain those monthly payments and so Yeah, true. Mhm.
Well I do think on some aspects earliest, like what I'm hopeful about is that in my like now I'm doing a different certificate program to do, I'm doing user design. So things like the survey perfectly, you know, right up my alley and
I mean the people who are doing these, who are creating these surveys are essentially
they're doing user design, uh, next user experience. So I just find it all very, very interesting. Of course there's a psychological element to it, which I've always been interested and fascinated with. Especially like I love sociology, you know, I'm taking a lot of
the use of college and classes and I just always find it so interesting like how people interact and like why does someone do this or what does someone do that and like what was it parked around and you know, um you know the way I was raised, I was actually raised by my mom as a single mom and her
first language is french. Oh,
I feel like a lot of ways like there's a lot of things that are quote american that I work, I wasn't really exposed to. Like to me. Like I would never eat a ding dong or a little Debbie. Like I look, I'll never eat that stuff.
And
in the
army.
of course. Of course.
We're uh,
where's your family from? Mhm. Have
you ever fought back or?
Is it
the
culture, is it culture clashes? Because I know there's a lot of different culture, which
is,
Well.
I mean really no different from any country. I mean they have, I feel like we have all those problems too. It's just take, maybe we try to work on them or I don't know. I mean, of course I'm not an expert either, but he needed something like what's going on everywhere else or hear
anywhere, but I, you know, I don't know where you fall on the political spectrum, but
Okay. All right. Well, yeah, just like we're just a mess right now. We're just
mess.
Have I mean, I think it's, it's hard for, I'm just thinking about some of the kids that are graduating from high school now. They're supposed to go to college live their life and oh, I can't imagine. Well, I mean we're not when I graduated from high school, but when I, when a lot of my peers and we're graduating from college, of course, then the collapse happened was not good and then it took a while to get out of that. I feel like another one is coming. So it's like, all right. I mean, that's, I feel like that's just inevitable. I mean they happen any like they kind of happen on this sort of, What is it, like 2-4 year scale or something like that? I read yeah, whatever the logistics of time for that to happen, it's like we're due for one. We should have already had to buy now apparently. So I was like all right, coming, all right. So um I guess I'm very lucky that I have, you know, my expenses are very low and of you know like my husband works remotely season web developers so that helps and I'm doing anything remotely too. So I mean that's all you can do is like set yourself up in a way where you just don't need a lot, right? Don't need a lot and like you can live very simply and you know, and I think it's something to take, you know from, you know, I've read a lot of, not necessarily a lot of hindu
text at all, but you know, I've read a lot of buddhist philosophy and you know, I've been a minimalist to the best of my ability for many years and always just had that sort of like let's use what we have, what's not a bunch of stuff. And they're really and you know, living in America. That's very hard. I
mean
and with the check, I've been I've been sharing almost like 20 years and so obviously it's not shocking to you, but to other people, it's like, oh you know, you're not or whatever. It's like why do you care what I eat? Like even
we
want, that's your body, do what you want. It's totally uh
I'm not offended. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
I
we're
done.
Great.
It can be, but I mean the fact that you're in such a good position means that at least you have options where, you know, a lot of people don't even have options. And
even with the stimulus check that was just given, it's like, that's
not the only
it's like I can only imagine like a family of four trying to do that. It's like
ridiculous. That's not gonna happen.
Hi.
Well yeah,
of course
because I don't checking accounts or
there
on that.
that's true.
as
right and they need it
definitely.
And then
of course they're not
give it yeah,
what's wrong?
Yeah. I can only imagine just how many dilemmas there are between all the different scenarios. Like, you know, actually my husband was telling me this morning that so we live in florida at, it was just like some kids, some like a five year old shot themselves with their parents gun. And then we were
saying
like great. And I said, well that's horrible. And then he's like, well who's going to be held responsible? And I said, well, if I if I'm thinking about the process, I would think that
the parent is held liable because it's their gun and then they would be held for negligence and then if they had other Children, the Children would be taken away, but I don't know if they are what the jail sentences or whatever for that, but just yeah,
I mean, I just thought, I mean that's not something I normally even think about, but just what I know about DCF and how they were
Okay.
A lighter note. Sorry. It just means
Um something that I remember was I had a coworker years ago, she was from Denmark and she was telling me that with their social system that lets say kid went to school and like they were dirty, they would immediately help the kid and make sure that like everything was perfect and I thought about that like well that's nice but they also have so many less people like all of those things will of course they were, but when you have the population that we have it's impossible to do all those things.
wow. So what why are people not wanting to foster
kids?
No
it's
not, it's not.
of course
There
are fears and then they cursed at their kids or whatever. I mean, so I lived in New York for New York City for about 10 years and I mean I've seen everything, I've seen people like like drag their kids and I was like why did you even have the kid if you're gonna act like that? I don't understand hey?
Just
try
just trying to be a good pair like. Oh
Of course.
That's true. We don't force people to take tests before they do it
time.
All
what you were saying about the fostering? So my friend, her brother and his wife, they want uh they can't have a kid but they would like Have you know adopt one. But the problem is they said they don't want to foster because they were afraid of getting attached.
Uh huh. That's that's rough on the people who want to adopt a kid because it's not in their favor. It's
so
it doesn't really motivate them. I feel like there should be set in place like if you foster kid for six months or a year or however long that is seen, that is a good chunk of time proven that like you're more um capable parents and the biological kids and you should have a right to, you know, clean speak.
I know, I know.
That's
that's true.
of course.
That's true.
True.
What?
That's,
All
Great.
That's
true. I mean obviously I it's just something I was thinking about because I mean, you have to do something where where you get people to want to foster kids, but I can understand that if you're trying to adopt a kid and you don't feel like you really have a chance at it because it's stacked against you. Well then you're just like, well, why am I doing this? Like, out of the kindness
of my heart? I mean because you don't really want to adopt a kid, like you want a part time kid. Then why wouldn't you be a big brother or big sister or something?
Because that would make more sense if that's the kind of experience that you want. So, I mean, it's your right. There's so many things wrong with the system, like hopefully it will change in a way where it can benefit both parties, you know?
Yeah. So we we did our part.
It's a Okay. Do you see a timer? Okay, good. We got 33 minutes and then you can kept the page open. Right says we already got the conversation for at least five minutes. We did that. Okay. I think you can close it.
Are we good?
Take care. Bye.