SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Check. Oh yeah. Did you? Yeah. Yeah. Hello? Yeah. Okay. Script Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah, I don't know. So this is, yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hello? Hi, how are you? I'm
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: going to maximize my screen here now that you're here.
SPEAKER_R: very good. Okay. Um My name is cole I
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: live
SPEAKER_L: sorry.
SPEAKER_R: in Atlanta. Uh Nice to meet you. Uh
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: Cr
SPEAKER_L: too. I guess we're having one of the unstructured conversations because I didn't see any questions listed.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I didn't see any either.
SPEAKER_L: So I guess I'll start with how is your day?
SPEAKER_R: Uh It's been nice I guess I'm supposed to go to California and now that like corona spiking again, I don't know if that's going to happen. Um But I had like a lot of schoolwork and I procrastinated all of it so that's been enjoyable for me.
SPEAKER_L: Actually to be honest, it's not spiking again. I read an article that said that um normally on average there are about um 600 Autopsy deaths a year nationally that are for unknown causes. And lately we've been having about 3600 a month of unknown causes. So basically what they're doing is anybody who's dying of corona, who hasn't had a positive corona test before they died there just saying is dying of unknown causes, so they don't have to count them towards the corona count. So I wouldn't be too excited about the numbers yet. Um I would, I'm still, I'm, I'm in new york, I'm still staying in my house, I'm not in new york city, I'm in upstate, I'm in Albany. Um and we're actually in Phase three in Albany, but I'm still staying indoors, I'm still like, no, like
SPEAKER_R: Let's face three.
SPEAKER_L: Um Phase three is pretty much like, I think everything but like schools and restaurants and like movie theaters and concert halls and things like that are open. Yeah. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: That's yeah, Georgia we opened everything like a month ago, probably the more than that except for movie theaters and like schools, those are only two
SPEAKER_L: Look
SPEAKER_R: things
SPEAKER_L: at the school.
SPEAKER_R: but restaurants have been long open. Um No one down here cares anymore and it's really weird to see.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And like, I think it's so weird about like the different attitudes that people are having about it, how like a medical issue is being so politicized and it's like why is a medical issue being politicized? Like it's about your health. Um
SPEAKER_R: it's weird.
SPEAKER_L: And another thing is how it's also being linked with like with the Black Lives Matter movement. Um For instance, like they're like, they're doing all of this stuff. We're like, I don't know if you've noticed, but none of the people complaining about dealing with coronavirus issues are people of color. There are always people, they're all like the super privileged people.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, that's true.
SPEAKER_L: I'm like, I think it was, I don't remember if it was Minnesota or michigan, but like they actually had people with like automatic rifles inside like the government buildings. Apparently it's
SPEAKER_R: like michigan.
SPEAKER_L: legal. Like in new york we have we have like, we have metal detectors everywhere. I have my purse here, I want to show you something um on my purse, I have this, this is a little pocket knife here, You can see it's like an inch and a half long. If I want to go into a government building, I have to take this off my key chain and leave it with security to go into a government building and they can go in with automatic rifles. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: it just doesn't add up. Yeah. Yeah. How was your day?
SPEAKER_L: Um my day was fairly uneventful except that um, we didn't have water for up until about an hour ago. I think they were probably doing some work on the lines. So like I didn't get to brush my teeth until an hour ago, so I haven't
SPEAKER_R: That
SPEAKER_L: eaten
SPEAKER_R: plugs.
SPEAKER_L: anything all day.
SPEAKER_R: That sucks,
SPEAKER_L: So after this I'm going to like have a really big dinner.
SPEAKER_R: That's where that happened. Uh I go to school attack like Georgia tech and today, like a couple hours ago, the water main like pipe broke and like half of like the area surrounding just didn't have water either. And it's really like both those happen back to back.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So what do you study at George attack?
SPEAKER_R: I studied computer science
SPEAKER_L: That's
SPEAKER_R: and then,
SPEAKER_L: That will be useful.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm doing like artificial intelligence, so I think it's like kind of the way things are going.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's really cool. I understand none of that stuff, but I think it's really interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, It's scary more than anything else.
SPEAKER_L: But the thing is, is that like it intersects with so many different things. Like I'm a total by a geek. What? But I saw a documentary once and the largest single cellular organism is slime mold.
SPEAKER_R: I say.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I like those
SPEAKER_L: yeah, because they have because they're multi nuclear related and they just for more nuclei but they stay within the cells so you can have one that's like that big. But it's
SPEAKER_R: whenever.
SPEAKER_L: still a single cell and you can split it off and it will become too and then you know these stay alive. But they actually had a robot. But one of the ways that the way that it grows and it makes food is through electrical impulses. So what it does is it grows in a circle and then if it finds something yummy it'll shrink except to um except to areas that make it convenient to go that way. And it always has a few redundancies. The way computer programs do in case one of those areas gets cut off. Um
SPEAKER_R: Oh, it's kind of like recur version. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah because like you don't only want one road to go somewhere because like if you get a flood and that road gets cut off then you no longer have a road gets dust there. So like you put me like a little map. Uh So they make like little maps. Um But they actually create a robot that used the slime mold and the slime mold, electrical impulses to control the way the robot moved, and basically it was just like a robot. And they had these little pads and they just took like little slime molds. And and they just like put them on the little pads and then they pretty much they took like one piece Like one flake of um of like oatmeal and they put it on top so they'd have something to eat so they wouldn't starve to death because they're on a robot which doesn't have any food in it, and
SPEAKER_R: Doesn't
SPEAKER_L: it was just so cool to watch it like move around.
SPEAKER_R: that's bizarre. So weird. So did you study bio?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I studied bio and environmental science,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. What do you do now?
SPEAKER_L: I'm actually disabled, so I just sort of live at home and do random things. Um right now I'm kind of going crazy because right before coronavirus hit, I got a new house, so I have an empty house, but I'm living with my parents because I have an empty house, like it has a bed in it and a bunch of boxes and nothing else. Like I have no furniture. So like
SPEAKER_R: Where?
SPEAKER_L: it's like I'm going crazy. That's why I like you see me in a bed with like all this weird stuff because of my brother's old room. So like you have like Star Wars stuff here and like some calculus math graphs here
SPEAKER_R: He has
SPEAKER_L: because
SPEAKER_R: calculus on his walls.
SPEAKER_L: well, there, well, I mean that's the way I describe them because they're like three dimensional, not three dimensional shapes that aren't really describable as like this is a circle, this is a cube, This is mm this is a cylinder. Um And I can't like, you can kind of see but like the bars here kind of keep the truth. And like up over there is like a Gumby toy still in the container on the wall. And I've been here since like March or not even I've been here since like the beginning of the year because like we closed on the house and we got the house but it took like a really long time to close for some reason because um the woman's Children were dealing with selling the house because she was old and she had moved and she was just like, here you deal with it. And they were having trouble finding paperwork. And so I like, I'm just like, I want to go home, but luckily going to the house does not require being around other people because there's no one there. So like finally I was like I don't know how because in the beginning you didn't know how long it was going to last at first I was hoping it was gonna be like swine flu where it was like everybody thought it was gonna be such a huge deal and ended up being like nothing which unfortunately did not end up being the case but
SPEAKER_R: For us it was exciting like for me it was exciting because I don't like going to school at Georgia tech. I absolutely hate it. And when I saw the corona was spreading overseas and like it was starting to come here I didn't want it to get bad here but at the same time I wasn't opposed to coming home because then I could just like chill out my old room and I could like hang out my brother versus like being there at school and just kind of like not really vibing with anyone else there. So.
SPEAKER_L: If you don't like Georgia tech why don't you transfer to a different school?
SPEAKER_R: well I backed myself into a hole because I got rejected at U. G. A. But I got into tech and then the other schools that I applied out of state I didn't I got in but I didn't get a lot of financial aid. And Georgia has a program where if you get like over a certain score like G. P. A. In high school they cover all your tuition while you're in college. So I didn't want
SPEAKER_L: That
SPEAKER_R: to spend
SPEAKER_L: is
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: a pretty good deal
SPEAKER_R: right so I don't want to spend a ton of money to go to like Tennessee or like Miami or anything like that if I could go to tech and it be free. So I ended up at tech
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: and then I changed majors to computer science because I was looking at doing like economy finance at first. And then when I found computer science I found out like I kind of worked with it and the money potential to make off of it is much more than doing a con. So I was like this just makes them.
SPEAKER_L: definitely. It's like you shouldn't bother doing Nikon unless you either want to get a business degree or you want to be a professor.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. So I was like because I want to do more like business trading but a lot of that's like automated anyway now. So I figured if I did computer science I could still do like the finance later. But Georgia has a not good computer science program at all. And there's the only other schools memory that has it, but they don't allow you to take the Georgia scholarship that covers tuition is only for public schools, so I'm just stuck at tech.
SPEAKER_L: Uh I was just wondering because I spent a couple of years of R. P. A. And they just have a fantastic um They just have a fantastic computer science program although
SPEAKER_R: almost,
SPEAKER_L: they are not cheap and they also have much different weather than where you are
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I like
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: the cold
SPEAKER_L: from
SPEAKER_R: though.
SPEAKER_L: California where you're used to so.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I like to code from a fashion standpoint because here you can wear a jacket like once
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: a week, like not like once a month of the year. It's never that cool. It's like really get into the park as at all. So I was excited to like go there and get some boots because I don't even own boots, not practically here to have them. So I was kind of looking forward to that but stuck at home.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I'm also very practical with my clothes. I pretty much have a policy where I don't buy shoes with laces unless I can put them on without having to untie the laces
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Okay I I can relate to that.
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: slip on and off. Otherwise they're like zipper or velcro or buckle. Like I'm not dealing with taking the time with having to tie and untie laces, especially if their boots because then you have to go all the way up Like except for one which is like a pair of like old school doc martens that I've had since high school that they're like the ones that go up to here and I never wear them just because there is such a pain in the ass, like I never wear them to the point where they're not even broken in. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: I could
SPEAKER_R: those
SPEAKER_L: probably
SPEAKER_R: expensive?
SPEAKER_L: sell them online as new. Except the thing is everything 90s is back in again, so like they're selling them again, so I can't really sell them as like vintage nineties doc martens, because like, how do I prove that they actually are from the nineties as opposed to like, Just like a pair I got off Amazon like yesterday, and I'm claiming there from the 90s, like I don't think they have a date stamp on them, or
SPEAKER_R: they might have
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: they do
SPEAKER_R: on the
SPEAKER_L: have a date, it'll be like 1914, because that's like the um name of the style
SPEAKER_R: they might
SPEAKER_L: there,
SPEAKER_R: be on the tag though, like the sizing tag because I dabble in like sneakers and a lot of times if they do re releases of Nike shoes that they will have different um barcode numbers that you can like You can take a picture and be like loonies are actually from the 90s,
SPEAKER_L: I don't know, I can see. Um But um Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: you can wear it. I want you you don't want to like wrap the high boots?
SPEAKER_L: well, first of all, I don't really wear shorts ever and I don't wear skirts or dresses and they're the type of boots where you can't really tuck your pants into them, so
SPEAKER_R: so kind of like
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: invalidate
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: them.
SPEAKER_L: even if I wore them, like these are my pants, you would see this much of the boot. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: So it's like what's the point in wearing, you know, old school doc martens, if people can't tell you're wearing old school doc martens and they're really uncomfortable because they don't make them in your size, so there are size
SPEAKER_R: in terms
SPEAKER_L: too big um because you have to get them in men's sizes and they only go down to size seven and you're a size six in men's sizes and they aren't broken in, so you know, you're going to get a blister, you know exactly where you're going to get a blister and you know that even if you do things to prevent getting those blisters which you have tried many different things to do, they're not going to prevent you from getting those blisters.
SPEAKER_R: I can understand that, I can relate to that. Yeah. Uh huh. What kind of hobbies do you have?
SPEAKER_L: Um, mostly, well I don't have any hot, like physical hobbies that I can do right now because I don't have any room to do them in my parents tests. So currently I read, I watch stuff on my computer and I play games on my computer and I listen to audio books and I wonder why my cat is ignoring me
SPEAKER_R: Fair enough, fair enough.
SPEAKER_L: because for some reason my cat is ignoring me. Otherwise it would be I spend time with my cat. Yeah. Well I haven't, but except for like if I go downstairs in the middle of the night to get a drink or something and I see my cat and I pet her for like a couple minutes. I never see my pads.
SPEAKER_R: I don't have a cat. I can't I can't relate to that at all. I have two dogs.
SPEAKER_L: I'm planning on getting a dog when I move. But
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: but when I was in apartments, you know, I
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: never
SPEAKER_R: expensive.
SPEAKER_L: wanted to deal when I wasn't in apartments, there are always so many more like rules about dogs trying to rent apartments. Usually they don't care about cats. And um I definitely can't get a dog while I'm at my parents house, so now that I actually have a house, you know, I can actually do that. Um But I'm going to wait until after, you know, I've lived in the house for like six months to like settle in and see how I feel about things and see what things would need to be done in order to dog proof the house. But
SPEAKER_R: that makes
SPEAKER_L: I love
SPEAKER_R: sense.
SPEAKER_L: dogs. What kind of dogs do you have?
SPEAKER_R: I have one that's a mix of like a cocker spaniel, a poodle, like a little bit of damnation and then I have one dog. She's just um but we are like adopted her off the streets. They're cool. They're small dogs though, so it's fun to like play around with them because like tug of war with big dogs, like they actually play back with a little dog, you just kind of like hanging out with them.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, growing up I always had dogs. We always had like medium Mish dogs. Um We usually had black lab mix is, and then um when I was in my twenties I adopted a dog from my parents that was a little bigger because it was a half black lab half rottweiler and that dog died a couple of years ago. Um and they haven't had a dog since mostly because they didn't want to like take care of a dog anymore. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and I miss having a dog, so I want to get a dog and now that I have and it used to be that like whenever I wanted a dog fixed I could just go over to my parents house and play with their dog, but not anymore, but I'm going to get a small dog because um I want a dog where like If there's three ft of snow outside and I haven't like shoveled off, steps. I can just like put out a wee wee pad and like play catch with it for half an hour in the living room and that's enough like to get its, you know, its energy
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: needs taken care, wow.
SPEAKER_R: All right. Yeah. Yeah. Um I play music and like I make music on my computer and I have some friends like we make music together and then I've been trying to learn how to play instruments. I, my parents got me like a keyboard that I have like over here on my desk and then I went to Salvation Army because next year I'm getting an apartment with some of my friends and is unfurnished. So we've been like collecting furniture from like facebook marketplace. Like, hey, we're just trying to get rid of this college like here we go and we get that. So we ended up at a Salvation Army because this dude, we bought a futon from this guy, but the futon was like stained and you couldn't see on his pictures and you couldn't see inside of his apartment. So until we got the photon outside, we didn't realize like how bad condition it was in. So we ended up taking it to a Salvation Army just like get rid of it. And they had a futon back behind um like the donation area, so we traded our futon for one of their photons and then they had a guitar that was back there too. So I got the guitar. So I've been trying to learn guitar, but it's miserable to learn that I've not been having fun with it at all.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I am not a big fan of Salvation Army because they donate money to anti elite et que I organizations.
SPEAKER_R: I did not know that.
SPEAKER_L: but like Goodwill. Um, I like restore a lot, which is the habitat for humanity version of like the home, Good Salvation Army. Um, I don't know if you have those down there, but
SPEAKER_R: We
SPEAKER_L: we
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: have one
SPEAKER_R: restore, we just
SPEAKER_L: I've gotten
SPEAKER_R: good will.
SPEAKER_L: some cool stuff there. Um, One thing, I don't know if you guys have them here, but one thing that we have, which is like really awesome is, um, not the day that school gets out, but the day after graduation. So it's when the seniors are leaving and so they're like going somewhere else and they're not coming back and they're getting rid of stuff that actually has value because they don't want to have to take it with them. You go to like R. P. I. Because they have a higher percentage of people with money than like the other schools. Because in addition to the super smart people who get scholarships, like it's the people who can actually afford to pay like $20,000 a semester plus room and board. Um And like you just go around and you look to see what's around the dumpster and um and you can get some amazing stuff that
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: people just aren't taking with them. And
SPEAKER_R: that's a
SPEAKER_L: it's the private
SPEAKER_R: good idea.
SPEAKER_L: schools, it's the
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: private schools, not
SPEAKER_R: good
SPEAKER_L: the public
SPEAKER_R: idea. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Um
SPEAKER_R: I'm going to do that. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: but also if you don't really like your school moving off campus unless it's the academic part that you don't like. Um if it's the student body part you don't like then um then you can then once you move off campus it will be fine because it's like you're not even going to college anymore. It's like you're living your life and then you go to classes as opposed as like your job and then you go home and you study as like your job assuming that, you know, going back to classes is going to be a thing in the fall. Like a lot of people are questioning, you know, whether like what school is going to be like and whether it's even worth it. Um do you have netflix?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I do.
SPEAKER_L: Um there's this show on there called Patriot Act with
SPEAKER_R: I've
SPEAKER_L: Hassan
SPEAKER_R: seen
SPEAKER_L: manage.
SPEAKER_R: all of them. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I love that show. But like he makes some really good points and the one he did about college, like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I saw that
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: one.
SPEAKER_L: mean your your school is free so like whatever
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: you're getting is more than you're paying for, you know? But you're also putting in time, you know, So it's like time you could be doing something else. Um So that's another thing you have to consider. Um.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I know for me like I'm going off campus and all my roommates, like I know two of them from high school and like the other guy they met because they all go to Georgia state, which is like right near tech. So we kind of got an apartment in between. Both. So socially, I'm much more looking forward to next year And then going to school. I know all my classes are going to be online because computer science at the beginning, it's like this huge 250, like 300 kid classes. So I've accepted, I'm going to be online as far as the time. I, I'm like on the fence about it because most of the stuff that I'm learning at school east now that I've gone through all the humanities and like english too. And like those kind of classes is all applicable. It's like what I'm going to be doing later in my life, so I'm not too worried about wasting time. But in the video, he made a lot of good points like if I was going to school out of state, because I know there's a ton of international kids that pay like 40,000 year to go to college and like it's online and there's your taking online class for 40 K. And you have in state kid that's taking online classes for free or for like, you know, 10-K. I would not be taking that online class.
SPEAKER_L: Well I guess it also depends on, you know, what the prospects are at home. Um But like and it also depends on your major, like some people can't take online classes. That's that's one of the reasons it took me. It actually took me Like 17 years to finish college because uh and 14 of those 17 years We're the last two years because I got an associates degree In the normal amount of time. And then I transferred to a four year school. Um First I transferred R. P. I. I was there for two years. Um And um I had a lot, I was really really depressed. Um It was probably the worst depression I have I have. Uh I have um clinical depression that is not intermittent, it just doesn't go away. So like I take medication and there for people who have clinical depression that doesn't go away. There are three types of people in terms of medication. There's a type of people where medication does work, the type of people where medication doesn't work and the type of people are medication kind of works and I'm one of those people. So
SPEAKER_R: The kind of work. Okay.
SPEAKER_L: like I'm not like so depressed that I can't get out of bed, but like I'm not really motivated to do anything and like I'm not on disability just because of depression. I have like a bunch of things that put together or the reason why I can't work. Like it's a combination of that plus migraines plus I have a circadian rhythm disorder, which means that, like, most people have in a neat sense of a body clock, like, for 24 hours were, like, their body naturally wants to be awake during the day and asleep at night, and I don't, that's
SPEAKER_R: So.
SPEAKER_L: what a circadian rhythm disorder means. So, it has always been really difficult for me to maintain a set schedule. So, like, I would never be able to have a job that wasn't working from home, where I could make my, well actually, it wouldn't have to be working from home, but I would have to be able to make my own hours on a daily basis. Um because I would not be able to control, like, when I had to go to sleep, and when I had to wake up, like we each week. Um And so that's the reason why it took me so long in school because if I had a class like I could do night classes no problem because night classes were always once a week I could force myself to be awake for a certain block on a certain day once a week. Even if I was tired I could force myself to be awake. Um And I could do online classes because you can do those whenever you want. But when the classes you're taking, our biology classes and chemistry classes and physics classes and these classes all have labs you can't they don't offer them as night classes. Well they didn't community college actually but they don't at four year colleges they don't offer them as night classes and you can't take them online. And that's why it took me so long to get my degree. Because if you look at my academic transcript it's like withdrawal withdrawal, withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal withdrawal, withdraw a withdrawal withdrawal, withdraw the withdraw withdraw,
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: withdraw. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. So do you like um is the pattern, I guess if it's, I need to phrase the question, so with the circadian rhythm, like imbalance, will you maintain like certain periods where it's like I always sleep for eight hours or you just like randomly sleep for four and then like sleep for 12?
SPEAKER_L: Actually unless I force if I can force myself to stay awake and usually if I do that it um it will disrupt my normal sleep pattern which um which will do weird things and I will sleep for longer and shorter periods of time but usually I sleep in blocks of like between four and 6.5 hours at a time. And so like for instance I went to bed around 4:00 AM I think. Yeah I think and I woke up around 10 and then I went to take a nap around um three and I woke up Around a quarter to eight and then um but I would probably be up now and either I will take Like a small nap around 11 Or I will go to sleep at 11 and I'm not sure which. So usually
SPEAKER_R: proof.
SPEAKER_L: I take my medication when I go to bed, so I'll take my medication then just in case because if I go to sleep without taking my medication I wake up with an enormous migraine. And like my medication doesn't make me fall asleep. That's just when I take it because having the ritual of taking it all at the same time at the same time every day. Um And not like the same time, like on the clock at the same time at the same time, you know for my schedule. Well remind me to take it. Um So yeah I take a lot of drugs. Oh like this is what I will be taking tonight.
SPEAKER_R: I can't see that I owe,
SPEAKER_L: I dropped some and
SPEAKER_R: that's a lot,
SPEAKER_L: it's not even all my drugs because I also take one that I only take twice a week and I'm not taking that tonight. And I also take injections that I do twice a month and I get Botox for my migraines which is once every three months. And those are only the ones that are on a regular basis and not as needed, which are my allergy medications, my asthma inhaler and my migraine treatment medication.
SPEAKER_R: wow, that's a lot,
SPEAKER_L: See this is why like I don't drink, we'll also alcohol will give me a migraine even if I only take a little little stiff um although I do love beer bread and I make it and it's
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: delicious.
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: Um and I'm also quite fond of like my romantic partners drinking especially scotch, so then when I kiss them, I can pay scotch because it's so delicious and I can't forget myself, I'm like well you drink scotch for me and um and like I don't do recreational drugs because it's like well first of all like I'm prescribed a few drugs that like a lot of people take recreationally, so if I wanted to take drugs recreationally I could just abuse the drugs I already have. Um I also, in addition to that I also have a CBD tincture that I take when I go to sleep um which has greatly increased, greatly improved my relationship with my parents. What? Um No seriously like. Mhm. Living with my parents used to be a nightmare, like I used to fight with my mother all the time and like after that like the stress that I feel hasn't gotten any lower, but like my tolerance for her bullshit has
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: gotten a lot higher.
SPEAKER_R: interesting, interesting.
SPEAKER_L: and then I also um if I have a really bad migraine, I might have a pot coming.
SPEAKER_R: Is it legal there in new york?
SPEAKER_L: uh in new york it's not legal for me because I don't have a medical um card, right? And the gummies are not legal because um the way that you're allowed to have pot in new york isn't legal, but the methods in new york that are legal um would pretty much require me to smoke it or gave it, and since I have asthma, I don't want to do that. Um
SPEAKER_R: it makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: Also you're not allowed to import pot from another state. And new york has really really shitty regulation laws and massachusetts, which is only an hour away, has amazing regulation laws. So I would rather go to massachusetts and get it and have it be safe and risk, you know, breaking the law then then You know, get it here and if I'm
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: doing that already then what's the point in getting the medical license, you know and spending like $300 for no reason because you know. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: makes sense.
SPEAKER_L: Well but it's legal um. Mhm. It's legal medicinally and there have been laws on the books or there have been uh laws there have been bills in the state congress like that just and in there that they pretty much are ready to approve their rewriting and rewriting the terminology that they want to use for recreational use. So like that would be illegal. It's just more to do with like where you can get it Um who can get it like how old you have to need. You have 18, you have to be 21. Um what forms you can get it in um Like what kind of regulatory systems need to be in place for the sellers and all of this would be so much easier if they just decriminalized it. So there could be national standards and it all went through the F. D. A. And you could just get it from your pharmacist. But. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: So it's weird to me to think about that, like over there, like you can at least like kind of get it and then like you go, you know our in the direction and like all the rules just change.
SPEAKER_L: well technically I'm committing a felony by bringing it even if I had a medical license to um to have pot and I bought pot in a form that is legal for me to have with a medical license in new york. I would still be committing a felony by bringing the marijuana over state lines from massachusetts to new york.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Which like to me it just doesn't add up if it's like real their and it's kind of legal there that you would get,
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: you have the
SPEAKER_L: as but as a conventionally decently attractive white person who's female who looks young even though I'm 38 I usually can probably pass for a college student. Especially
SPEAKER_R: I thought you were much younger.
SPEAKER_L: if I, yeah especially if I dress that way who has, I'm very high functioning but I'm a good actress who has autism whose mother has fibromyalgia, who can argue that she was going to massachusetts to get medical marijuana for her mother who has Iro my algebra and they were and she was going there because the drugs that are safe and the drugs in new york aren't safe and she doesn't want her mom to get anything bad. And, and I could probably get the charges dropped to like really, really low or even dismissed because of my privilege and how much people are going to sympathize with me, especially if I dress in like, like the way like a parent would dress a child, but in adult sizes.
SPEAKER_R: necessarily.
SPEAKER_L: So it looks like I'm like even more disabled than I am because I don't have to let them know that like I'm super smart. Like this is not, this is not about like me impressing them, this is about me winning, right? It's like one of the things I've been thinking about lately is about that Karen in the park with the dog who wasn't on the leash, who like threatened to call that black guy because he asked for her to put her dog on a leash. And everyone's saying that she's racist and I'm not sure that she's racist, I'm sure she's evil but I'm not sure she's racist. I just think that she knows all of the tools that she has available to her and she's willing to use them. And one of those tools is you know, putting him in mortal danger. Which is why she is evil because she was willing to do that. Her being willing to use a racist system against him doesn't necessarily mean that she has any racist feelings against him because she might have behaved well she probably wouldn't have called the cops because doing that would have worked. But she might have had the same reaction towards somebody who was white who behave that way towards, or we don't know, she could have just been that much of a bitch. So, I mean, she very well could be racist. I just don't know if, I just don't know if doing that proves that she's racist. I think it just proves that she's a veil. She's aware of all of the tools she has to use against her. She's willing to use the one that is the most effective to her, even though it's really morally wrong and it's really disgusting because like, I know I'm going to commit a felony, I'm going to think ahead of time what I'm going to do if I get caught for that felony. Like what I just
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: told
SPEAKER_R: normal.
SPEAKER_L: you. Exactly. And so like I've been thinking a lot about, you know, black lives matter and stuff and like since I have asthma and I'm at a higher risk of Contracting COVID-19, I'm not going to go out and protest. And I've donated money to various places, but you know, money's money, you know, like anyone can donate money. That doesn't really mean that you're doing anything. Like I want to be able to do things more than just donate money and I also want to be able to do things that have an impact in the long term and not just a short term. So, so like one of the things I've been, so I've been reading a lot of articles, especially articles that have been written by people that have been impacted as opposed to like experts that know about things that don't have any experience because I could write articles about stuff. But like, you know, I mean, I don't totally consider myself like white privileged because I'm jewish. So like I do experience some like discrimination. But the thing is is like I pass like somebody, you know who is a person of color as opposed to somebody who is discriminated against because of their culture can't pass. It's a completely different thing.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I still think they're like donating money is better than nothing because you can just post pictures
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: and you can just
SPEAKER_L: I'm not saying I'm not going to keep donating money. I'm just saying I'd like to do something in addition to that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, no, I get that. I mean like circumstantially like there's not much, there's nothing that I know that you could be doing like right now that would make more of a lasting change just because of like corona happening at the same time that this is getting like even more important that
SPEAKER_L: Like could do something like sell t shirts that people could wear that have like slogans that they could wear and donate. And not only would they be able to wear them at the protest, which would do something. But also any thing I made that I wasn't putting back into making the shirts, I could donate.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, I agree
SPEAKER_L: The
SPEAKER_R: with
SPEAKER_L: only
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: problem with that is I would technically be making income and since I live on disability, that has kind of consequences. So I might need to like create a nonprofit in order to do that. And I would have to call my disability lawyer and find out, you know. Mhm. It's complicated because I wouldn't want to lose my disability over, you know, trying to help people because then I need people to help me and you know,
SPEAKER_R: You can't help people
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: if
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: to make
SPEAKER_R: need help.
SPEAKER_L: myself a burden by trying to help other people.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Oh well this has been fun. Okay, good luck with everything. You know,
SPEAKER_L: I'm wondering what like the purpose of like this study is and why they put us together? Like is it an age agenda location?
SPEAKER_R: I mean like work, I think it's like we're polar opposites. It seems like in all of those categories and then on top of that because it's unscripted, I think if you can compare all right, these two people don't, do we have to answer questions about how social are you? Do you remember?
SPEAKER_L: Um I think we did. Um But another thing is um I don't did we have to answer questions about political stuff because I think politically we're probably not that far off,
SPEAKER_R: Okay. I agree
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: on that point.
SPEAKER_L: might be more extreme liberally than you because I'm usually more extreme liberally than most people. Um
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: But they don't have a category for the extremity of liberal that I am. So I just put mostly because I think most liberals would be like, no, she's not liberal, she's like, right.
SPEAKER_R: Crazy. I know, but like it's important. Yeah. I don't, I don't know. I guess just to see like if you put two people together like that are most opposites, but like that one thing in common, will they find that thing where they talk or is it just going to be like really stagnant?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, are they going to be awkward or are they going to get along? I don't know, I'm one of those people where I can just like start conversations with people in the grocery store on online, so
SPEAKER_R: They are.
SPEAKER_L: I'll talk to anyone about anything. I think it's part of like the autism spectrum thing, like I don't get social cues, so like I can't tell if somebody doesn't want to talk to me, so I'll just keep talking to them.
SPEAKER_R: That's like the reason why I don't like going to tell because I just like to drum up conversation like talk to people like I'll be in line and like Georgia tech like at the semester like they changed the menu a little bit like, yo do you think that's good, like have you tried it? And I just get blank stares back and it's like I'm just trying to start like little conversation and they don't do that. So I like having some like this where you can just like talk to people.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Well that's another thing with moving off campus is you will be able to choose much more how much social interaction you have and you can have social interaction in different places than you were having before. So. So.
SPEAKER_R: more much more different than like the travel between the apartment and campus versus like within the campus, so.
SPEAKER_L: Also if your friends go to a different school and they want to hang out on their campus, you can go with them to hang out on their campus and see if you like it better.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I did that a lot last year. But yeah, good luck with everything.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, you too. I hope your school is in a decent position next semester.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. They're so lost, it's going to be terrible. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Hey look at it this way. They might be ending your semester at thanksgiving.
SPEAKER_R: But yeah, they have announced that we're going to end at thanksgiving no breaks. Um And then they just told us like a week or two ago, hey, we don't know what we're gonna do for classes, but we kind of know we're going to do. We'll tell you later though, like they're just making everything a surprise so we'll find out.
SPEAKER_L: At least your classes are classes that you can do online because their computer classes, like I feel bad for people who are like art majors and science majors and people who actually have to like be physically present in order to participate in their school. Like what are they supposed to do? You just put their education on hold.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Like I go to an engineering school, you can't go build stuff in a safe manner, like it's gonna be weird.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like my friend teaches 4th grade and she has no idea what school is going to be like next year.
SPEAKER_R: Oh for us, like for like my brother who's still in high school And they told them that they get to pick do you want to come in or do you want to go online? And that's for like uh kindergarten all the way through 12th grade?
SPEAKER_L: Well, I can tell you that. Well, I don't I don't know like what socioeconomic status you are. My friend teaches kids who are not, who are like really really poor. And um so a lot of times like the kids who were in fourth grade, like these are eight and nine year olds, like just even for the last part of the school year, like because all the kids were home, like they Kids at eight or 9 were like taking care of their younger brothers and sisters while their parents were at work. So like they didn't like, I think the policy of their school was like you weren't supposed to give them more than like an hour's worth of course work today. So like how is that supposed to work for an entire school year?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. It's going to, you really can't do that.
SPEAKER_L: I mean, I guess you could stagger like every other day different kids come in and like cleaning, I don't know. But like normally she's got like 35 kids packed in a room and kids touch everything and they touch things you wouldn't even think that they would touch. So
SPEAKER_R: It's going
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: be weird. It's really weird.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I think so. Many things are gonna change. Yeah. So anyway we've tried to say goodbye like four times now,
SPEAKER_R: we
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: have.
SPEAKER_L: I think let's just say,
SPEAKER_R: And it
SPEAKER_L: I think this is done. It was very nice meeting you. You were a fantastic single serving friend
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's it.
SPEAKER_L: and good luck with your questionnaire.
SPEAKER_R: You
SPEAKER_L: Hey
SPEAKER_R: too. Bye.