I've
very good. Okay. Um My name is cole I
live
in Atlanta. Uh Nice to meet you. Uh
Cr
yeah, I didn't see any either.
Uh It's been nice I guess I'm supposed to go to California and now that like corona spiking again, I don't know if that's going to happen. Um But I had like a lot of schoolwork and I procrastinated all of it so that's been enjoyable for me.
Let's face three.
That's yeah, Georgia we opened everything like a month ago, probably the more than that except for movie theaters and like schools, those are only two
things
but restaurants have been long open. Um No one down here cares anymore and it's really weird to see.
it's weird.
Yeah. Yeah, that's true.
like michigan.
it just doesn't add up. Yeah. Yeah. How was your day?
That
plugs.
That sucks,
That's where that happened. Uh I go to school attack like Georgia tech and today, like a couple hours ago, the water main like pipe broke and like half of like the area surrounding just didn't have water either. And it's really like both those happen back to back.
I studied computer science
and then,
Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm doing like artificial intelligence, so I think it's like kind of the way things are going.
Yeah, It's scary more than anything else.
I say.
Yeah, I like those
whenever.
Oh, it's kind of like recur version. Yeah.
Doesn't
that's bizarre. So weird. So did you study bio?
Okay. What do you do now?
Where?
He has
calculus on his walls.
For us it was exciting like for me it was exciting because I don't like going to school at Georgia tech. I absolutely hate it. And when I saw the corona was spreading overseas and like it was starting to come here I didn't want it to get bad here but at the same time I wasn't opposed to coming home because then I could just like chill out my old room and I could like hang out my brother versus like being there at school and just kind of like not really vibing with anyone else there. So.
well I backed myself into a hole because I got rejected at U. G. A. But I got into tech and then the other schools that I applied out of state I didn't I got in but I didn't get a lot of financial aid. And Georgia has a program where if you get like over a certain score like G. P. A. In high school they cover all your tuition while you're in college. So I didn't want
to spend
like
right so I don't want to spend a ton of money to go to like Tennessee or like Miami or anything like that if I could go to tech and it be free. So I ended up at tech
and then I changed majors to computer science because I was looking at doing like economy finance at first. And then when I found computer science I found out like I kind of worked with it and the money potential to make off of it is much more than doing a con. So I was like this just makes them.
Right. Yeah. So I was like because I want to do more like business trading but a lot of that's like automated anyway now. So I figured if I did computer science I could still do like the finance later. But Georgia has a not good computer science program at all. And there's the only other schools memory that has it, but they don't allow you to take the Georgia scholarship that covers tuition is only for public schools, so I'm just stuck at tech.
almost,
yeah, I like
the cold
though.
Yeah, I like to code from a fashion standpoint because here you can wear a jacket like once
a week, like not like once a month of the year. It's never that cool. It's like really get into the park as at all. So I was excited to like go there and get some boots because I don't even own boots, not practically here to have them. So I was kind of looking forward to that but stuck at home.
Okay. Okay I I can relate to that.
I
Are
those
expensive?
they might have
like
on the
they might
be on the tag though, like the sizing tag because I dabble in like sneakers and a lot of times if they do re releases of Nike shoes that they will have different um barcode numbers that you can like You can take a picture and be like loonies are actually from the 90s,
you can wear it. I want you you don't want to like wrap the high boots?
so kind of like
invalidate
them.
Yeah
in terms
I can understand that, I can relate to that. Yeah. Uh huh. What kind of hobbies do you have?
Fair enough, fair enough.
I don't have a cat. I can't I can't relate to that at all. I have two dogs.
Uh huh. Uh huh.
it's
expensive.
that makes
sense.
I have one that's a mix of like a cocker spaniel, a poodle, like a little bit of damnation and then I have one dog. She's just um but we are like adopted her off the streets. They're cool. They're small dogs though, so it's fun to like play around with them because like tug of war with big dogs, like they actually play back with a little dog, you just kind of like hanging out with them.
Yeah.
But
All right. Yeah. Yeah. Um I play music and like I make music on my computer and I have some friends like we make music together and then I've been trying to learn how to play instruments. I, my parents got me like a keyboard that I have like over here on my desk and then I went to Salvation Army because next year I'm getting an apartment with some of my friends and is unfurnished. So we've been like collecting furniture from like facebook marketplace. Like, hey, we're just trying to get rid of this college like here we go and we get that. So we ended up at a Salvation Army because this dude, we bought a futon from this guy, but the futon was like stained and you couldn't see on his pictures and you couldn't see inside of his apartment. So until we got the photon outside, we didn't realize like how bad condition it was in. So we ended up taking it to a Salvation Army just like get rid of it. And they had a futon back behind um like the donation area, so we traded our futon for one of their photons and then they had a guitar that was back there too. So I got the guitar. So I've been trying to learn guitar, but it's miserable to learn that I've not been having fun with it at all.
I did not know that.
We
don't
restore, we just
good will.
The
that's a
good idea.
That's
good
idea. Yeah,
I'm going to do that. Yeah.
Yeah, I do.
I've
seen
all of them. Yeah,
Yeah, I saw that
one.
It's
Yeah. I know for me like I'm going off campus and all my roommates, like I know two of them from high school and like the other guy they met because they all go to Georgia state, which is like right near tech. So we kind of got an apartment in between. Both. So socially, I'm much more looking forward to next year And then going to school. I know all my classes are going to be online because computer science at the beginning, it's like this huge 250, like 300 kid classes. So I've accepted, I'm going to be online as far as the time. I, I'm like on the fence about it because most of the stuff that I'm learning at school east now that I've gone through all the humanities and like english too. And like those kind of classes is all applicable. It's like what I'm going to be doing later in my life, so I'm not too worried about wasting time. But in the video, he made a lot of good points like if I was going to school out of state, because I know there's a ton of international kids that pay like 40,000 year to go to college and like it's online and there's your taking online class for 40 K. And you have in state kid that's taking online classes for free or for like, you know, 10-K. I would not be taking that online class.
The kind of work. Okay.
So.
Well,
Yeah. So do you like um is the pattern, I guess if it's, I need to phrase the question, so with the circadian rhythm, like imbalance, will you maintain like certain periods where it's like I always sleep for eight hours or you just like randomly sleep for four and then like sleep for 12?
proof.
I can't see that I owe,
that's a lot,
wow, that's a lot,
that's
it.
All
interesting, interesting.
Is it legal there in new york?
it makes sense.
What?
makes sense.
So it's weird to me to think about that, like over there, like you can at least like kind of get it and then like you go, you know our in the direction and like all the rules just change.
Yeah. Which like to me it just doesn't add up if it's like real their and it's kind of legal there that you would get,
you have the
I thought you were much younger.
necessarily.
that's
normal.
Yeah. I still think they're like donating money is better than nothing because you can just post pictures
and you can just
Yeah, no, I get that. I mean like circumstantially like there's not much, there's nothing that I know that you could be doing like right now that would make more of a lasting change just because of like corona happening at the same time that this is getting like even more important that
Okay, I agree
with
that.
You can't help people
if
you
need help.
Yeah. Oh well this has been fun. Okay, good luck with everything. You know,
I mean like work, I think it's like we're polar opposites. It seems like in all of those categories and then on top of that because it's unscripted, I think if you can compare all right, these two people don't, do we have to answer questions about how social are you? Do you remember?
Okay. I agree
on that point.
Okay.
Crazy. I know, but like it's important. Yeah. I don't, I don't know. I guess just to see like if you put two people together like that are most opposites, but like that one thing in common, will they find that thing where they talk or is it just going to be like really stagnant?
They are.
That's like the reason why I don't like going to tell because I just like to drum up conversation like talk to people like I'll be in line and like Georgia tech like at the semester like they changed the menu a little bit like, yo do you think that's good, like have you tried it? And I just get blank stares back and it's like I'm just trying to start like little conversation and they don't do that. So I like having some like this where you can just like talk to people.
more much more different than like the travel between the apartment and campus versus like within the campus, so.
Yeah, I did that a lot last year. But yeah, good luck with everything.
Mhm. They're so lost, it's going to be terrible. Mhm.
But yeah, they have announced that we're going to end at thanksgiving no breaks. Um And then they just told us like a week or two ago, hey, we don't know what we're gonna do for classes, but we kind of know we're going to do. We'll tell you later though, like they're just making everything a surprise so we'll find out.
Yeah. Like I go to an engineering school, you can't go build stuff in a safe manner, like it's gonna be weird.
Oh for us, like for like my brother who's still in high school And they told them that they get to pick do you want to come in or do you want to go online? And that's for like uh kindergarten all the way through 12th grade?
Yeah. It's going to, you really can't do that.
It's going
to
be weird. It's really weird.
we
have.
And it
Yeah, that's it.
You
too. Bye.