Hi, how are you?
Okay? I have no idea how this works. So
back. All right
I'm in Ohio kind of southern Ohio in the middle of nowhere,
it kind of is um actually there is a small town called Frederick Town outside of Mansfield and I have a large number of family there now. Where are you?
that's you know I I always have conversations with people from elsewhere about um like we live in our county has one grocery store in one stoplight and
our
our nearest hospitals like an hour drive, you know things like
that.
Right what do you do? Well you live in the middle of nowhere so it works, you know it's like the least densely populated part of the whole state.
It does and it I don't know I enjoy it. My wife's from out in the middle of nowhere in west Virginia, so she was thrilled. Yeah like oh this is exactly you know like
home.
Yeah we um we actually like two years ago sold a farmhouse up there, we had my great grandparents had 100 acres and it was down to the last four acres and my parents
have been like I think we got it when I was four and I'm in my thirties now and we've been restoring this house and working on this land and then out of the blue like two years ago and we're going to sell it. Oh okay, like I thought that was like we've spent all this time like we're just
done, you know,
kind
of like
well
right, and I don't know, I think we spent like every every weekend there every you know you go there for like a week or two over the parts of the summer and it's like man it's just not ours anymore, like that's an odd thing.
Good.
Now now what do you do for a living?
As a I I'm teaching remotely from a school building with no students in it.
that's my office,
like
it's
I
get
it. Either.
It.
actually it's been here since I was hired. Uh
This
is your
time. Well it doesn't, I just ignore it. Um It's my I'm in my office but like I teach in a room beside it and I was actually hired to be the library and I just teach by accident, so.
And
it's
Oh no, go ahead. Uh I'm
mumbling.
There were, I was so let's see, I was a children's librarian for like three years and we had two girls who worked there and they like part time clerk, Shell vers with a master's degree. It's like, well you know what are you doing?
And they're like uh you know, I just haven't found anywhere else to go yet. And I was here while I was in school and it's, you know, one of the bigger public library systems, I just figured I'd move up eventually. Both of them left. Uh one went to Chicago for a while and now she's in Colombia, so that's it, the other one, I don't know if she was, she was somewhere recently and they, I think I think she was managing like a branch and they laid her off because of Covid and but it's kind of extra nuts, it's like once you, I don't know I was there and then I left there to go to a small private university that had like four branches and that made a lot of sense. And then they were going to close a branch and move it somewhere else in the next like four years. And I don't want to do that because I got to drive real far, like that was close to me. So I ended up at this high school and like halfway through the first year the principal came in, he says, oh yeah, you know, you can teach uh ap java I guess. So it did it ever since, but he's like, you know, you,
it's an elective, you can kind of,
you
know, as long as you're doing this and I okay,
I
didn't at all. Um well or I was going to, I, when I was a grad student, I taught at a, an alternative school for students who were kicked out, basically. Um and it was the weirdest thing ever, like, we had A 1910s farmhouse and it was probably 10 students in the living room most of the time. And uh then I said like, oh well, I'll do that and get the license and it didn't work out well um because it was gonna be a whole another year of grad school. So Ohio had the program with the alternative. Like you do so many classes at the masters level and you do in all honesty, you pay so much money to the Department of Education, like It was an extra $3,000 out of my pocket, but I didn't pay for another year of grad school. Yeah,
and I mean it was like a year of taking classes, like I paid for the classes as a non degree seeking students. Um I took a class through od that they sent to me and all it all it was was like extra tests about theories of education and the teachers would have taken in their bachelor's degree generally, I just had to go take them and a lot of I don't know the best way said like, oh I know I'm going to take this test, I'm going to schedule it for november, and I've got from september to november to learn all about bloom's taxonomy and all this stuff.
and
and
like
all my money went to the Department of Education, but it was the same thing, like I'm a really big fan of testing out of doing things, like
I
I got a bachelor's in about two years um But I didn't realize you could test out of things, so I took like 25 hours a quarter and like I took classes over christmas break and I took classes over spring break and it was it was a mess but I just wanted to be
done and move on with life. Like I didn't I didn't want to be a student for five years, I wanted to go get a job, get a house and start being
an adult like
William.
Yeah it was it was it was probably not a good decision in other terms like
I
got.
or like my my niece is that uh W. V. U. They're living in a dorm and taking online classes. What's why are you living in a dorm? You know what what are you paying for? Global? Well it's my freshman year, maybe they'll open in the winter? Uh huh. Okay.
You know but it's
not
normal.
as we have like um our eight year old plate, well two of our kids play baseball, but our eight year olds playing fall ball and it's you have to wear a mask unless you're actively eating or drinking when you're at
the field.
Well, and they're like, if you're and they came around and lectured about this is like, okay, here's the rules, everybody wears a mask unless you're on the field of play, if you're in the dugout, you have a mask on. He's he's eight, like he's going to do his best to follow the rules because he loves baseball. But Then there explaining said anybody under 10 doesn't have to wear a mask. Okay, so no
kid
on the team has to wear one, and
you're
telling
me,
as long as I have a bottle of water in my hand, I don't have to wear one, this makes no sense at all. Like it.
What?
There's a, there's a little gas station. I stopped in the mornings and I was going somewhere on a friday morning. I was like, it was summertime. I wasn't coming to work and it was right after we had the mask mandate and they, they had the sign up and I walked halfway in and I realized I didn't have my card to pay for my gas anyway, so I walked back out of the car to get it. And my dad came outside. He was, he was in the store. He said, hey, are you going back? Because you forgot your mask. I have one if you don't have it. I said no, I forgot my card. I didn't even think about the mask thing at all. Like I just wanted to pay for gas and buy Gatorade and he said, well, there's five employees in there, none of them have their masks on, so it's fine. Okay. I won't worry about it. But I went in and I didn't have one on and none of them had one on. And this really big dude walked through the door and the clerk turned to him and was like, how dare you come in here without a mask,
You have to have one get back outside. And he looked, she must have known him, but he looked
confused like the most confused
guy. You can imagine like nobody else has one and he doesn't have one.
That's like, wow, that was a good morning, you know? Uh huh.
But I don't know, it's been an adventure. My wife, my wife works for the health department but not doing anything related. Um, but more like providing like, I don't know if you have it, they would like to help me grow program. Like, oh, I'm going to provide some support to new moms, things like that. And it's like teaching them parenting skills. It's really basic little stuff and well we can't go in houses, but we still have to deliver diapers because we provide diapers, two moms in the program. So she drives like in a big circle and drops diapers on porches and comes home and calls them and she's like, you know, there are diapers on your porch, you can use these today. I dropped off wipes. It's like this is the craziest thing. But even in her office they had positive tests and they didn't let other people in the office, like you're the health department, you don't like, yeah, this should be the ground zero for following those rules and you're not. So I hate to see, you know, you come in a restaurant you like we're going to cite you but you don't even follow the roles And it, it probably doesn't help. We're we are in the middle of nowhere. You know, like we were the last, I think the last county in the state to have any positive cases and we still have under 50 and well that's because there's nobody here like
It's
well and uh
my wife was a pending test for two days because she had a sinus infection. They made her take a test, but but she counted, she showed up on the pending test. Even though we had to drive, I think we drove almost an hour to get the test done. But
Or
sophisticated
we don't know if they
have
friend
that says
like in the in the years to come, there's going to be the most like absolute autopsy of this event, you know, like nobody's going to let it go.
that
makes
sense.
that's it.
Right. Is it? I don't know. I just always, it's a mess,
but it's an adventure. You get to have adventures,
That's I, and I don't say it often, but like we were on spring break the week before all schools were shut down, so I was laying flooring In like the 400 square foot of the front of our house over spring break, that was my goal and I got that done and then I was working from home. So like I would get up in the morning and hang drywall And then be on a zoom call with kids for 45 minutes, then go back in and put mud on the drywall, then come back in and be on another zoom calls. Like
I
got
so much accomplished.
Thank you
bullshit.
No.
The one that killed me, we ordered a couch or two couches and somehow we ordered it Through Lazy boy and they're like, it's going to be 10 weeks, okay. You know what, whatever things are going on 10 weeks. And at nine weeks the lady called my wife and was like um your order somehow never got placed and I listen, don't talk to any more, I'll call her, you know like I'm angry and I called back and I was like, I know this is a your fault, but what the heck have you seen? Um we close all our stores, so Our online sales went up to 700% and we didn't actually complete them. Um so it's going to be another 10-12 weeks. Okay. What? Like this is just because you had nobody in your stores, like how could you not? I understand the big sales increased, but you had employees sitting in stores that could have Process things. What what happened? And she's like I'm just the person who has to call these 3000 people and tell them that their
order was not done and I'm like well okay
you know
it worked out great because like for us it's like well in the end we were going to pay like a stupid amount and I don't know I don't remember what it was but it's like You're gonna pay $2,000 for furniture and at the end of it you have to wait an extra 10 weeks but you get it for $1,200 and then they Throw in like some cut or 1500 like you got a discount.
and really the dumbest thing is is and I was talking to this like I said you know you're saying the store that We selected as our closest store can't deliver to us because it's 85 miles away and they only go 80 miles away. But the distribution center that you're saying services that store is like 50 miles away. Can I just drive to that distribution center? The trailer it's like Um well there's like a $200 pick up charge. I okay you know we can waive that. Yeah I hope so. You're gonna drive it further away from
me to put
it in
to
come to me.
that's all
is it? She's are you sure like you can just bring a trailer? It can't be that hard. I drove a box truck for like three years. It can be hard to haul furniture. Should see. It seemed like a completely foreign idea to her that somebody would pick up their own merchandise. So That's
It's like, you know uh I think I learned to drive a truck with a trailer and it's about 13 if you go from the farm to the to the lake and back with a boat, you you don't really need a license if we're in the middle of nowhere. Mhm.
Right. I always talk about all the time like When we were as it was at their farmhouse near Mansfield, but I gotta go cart when I was like 10. And I remember like driving the Go kart into town and picking up a six pack of beer for my dad and driving it back up to the house like and the
guy
had
to
carry out new and I had a slow moving vehicle sign like I was I had brake lights, you know,
Early
90s. But it's also you know, thinking
of where you are like, I'm sure if I was in a city that never would have happened
this
Right. And that says, you know, it's an old farm community that my parents had grown up there. Oh yeah, you're out on that farm. Yeah, I'm just picking up for him
like.
have
been caught.
You know
what?
Once, once as a child I was hit by a truck
like I was riding a bicycle and he hit me and I didn't tell anybody because I was afraid and it was like slow impact. I was on the ground, I got up, I went home, it's mostly okay. And like by the end of the day, my whole family knew because somebody has seen the truck at the stoplight, it's like, well okay. And I thought I should have learned my lesson then. But even At 16 I got a ticket from a state patrol and I was 15 miles from home and by the time I got home, my parents knew and how he said, well, you know, Bill drove past and your car was there. I figured you got the ticket. Well, yeah, you're right. You can't get away with anything.
right. I'm real thankful
that that's where we are with our kids.
It's, It's funny there, you know, even the oldest one is 13 and he started to realize that you can't get away with stuff.
deal.
And
yeah, I don't know. This was fun. I never did this till today. I had signed up
and
it's scheduled me the other day and I ended up having a meeting and I was like, oh, I got a reschedule and they were really nice about it and
I
think,
It's, I
don't know. It's
like, it's fun, but all
right, well, I hope you have a good day and enjoy questions. I'll see.
I'll let
go
youtube.