morning.
Fine thank you. I'll get a time or going for it.
Uh lupus talk about whatever for 25 minutes and I run a climber to make sure we hit that. Um
So where are you uh phoning him from today?
I have family in Mansfield. I have no concept of the geography of Ohio other than I think that's vaguely towards the middle.
I am uh sort of the Chicago suburbs where the Chicago suburbs run into the cornfield. So technically I think it's called the X herbs. It's basically a word for you have to be insane to live out here and make that commute every day to Chicago. Some people do. But yeah,
I
love it, I love it.
That
part's a bummer.
I would imagine that makes it quite affordable.
I've
seen it both ways though. I've seen, you know, like I had family, I have some veterans in my family and some of them were, you know, we grew up in the middle of nowhere and we had to get out of there. So some people want to go back. Some people I want to go back. I'd like I, my grandparents sold their farm near Mansfield a year or two ago and it was kind of sad because somehow I always thought so while I was fine and go back there one day, I don't know, I've never lived in Ohio, it's insane. But that felt like family homes and mouth.
Well
that's
that does seem crazy. I mean in my case my my grandfather fell, broke his hip and their house was old style farmhouse. It was not set up. I mean he would have had to go up and down a bunch of stairs, you know, I'd like, it totally made sense why it made sense for them to move at that point. But yeah, something you spent forever restoring, wow. I mean
it
would just seem like you have so much of yourself in that house
in that land.
I spent some growing up years in California and I recently looked up the condo we lived in back then. I talk about
something not yours anymore. Like When we lived there it was a starter home and now it sells for $400,000. So everything, everything inside is like upgraded and a granite business and top of the line lambing at that and and it's just yeah, I wish it looked like that when we lived there.
Uh Well I was most recently a legal secretary. I go in one afternoon a week but I'm kind of on sick leave for a while. Um So yeah,
I wondered what your background like, like I can see behind
you there,
it looked like
work. Well I can only see like one shelf. And my husband, my husband's organizational style is piles
at
home
on his office.
So compared to him that one little shelf of books looks like, okay
well
it's not even
your math.
what's funny? I have a masters in library science. I was a librarian once upon a time and then basically I lost I had this great position. I was running a small church library at university student center church. And it was great because I had autonomy. Uh huh. And I got to do different things. I got the catalog, I loved
it.
Uh So go ahead.
I was
just going to say 2009 came. I lost that job. My husband was still in school so I had like geographic constraints and I just somehow I could never get back in. I could not like I think the problem was I had masters and it was on my resume and nobody wanted to hire me to shelves or clerk or.
You know.
So
we
also
do you also uh how did you do the teaching route when you or I don't
know.
That's interesting.
No. Uh So my husband is a lawyer and so we sometimes talk about what a racket grad school is now because for instance you have to take three years of law school that's very expensive to sit for the bar as opposed to abraham Lincoln, which is more, it sounds like what you were doing, you study for the thing you need to know and then you take the test and there's there's no grad school, there's no licensing board, you
just do where
you
don't
Oh yeah. Oh, yeah.
Well,
well,
and
I was great at school. I like, man,
I had more success at school, I think, than the rest of the world of life. Uh so I, I would have regretted it I think if I shoved through in two years.
I
do
think like, I feel really bad for the students in college right now with the covid situation because I feel like the extracurricular stuff I did, the relationships are hanging out with people that was very informative and helpful and like I seemed so much harder to do, it seems, I don't know, but the classroom stuff was not where the biggest benefit of college was for me. So I think like that be hard to replicate when you're I hung.
Well,
I
understand
the optimism, but yeah, I'm surprised. I mean it's so, it's so strange that like Covid still here, but you go out in the world and it's like everybody is sort of back to normal except for now and then there's these really jarring sort of reminders like, yeah.
So
that they are eating sunflower seeds. Talking one.
Well
boys.
So where you will
find
them
for?
Well, okay. I see a lot of signs up that say, please follow the safety guidelines, blah blah blah and just slapped on the door. Like,
like when is my ups store? You go in? The guys at the camera aren't even wearing the mask and they put the sign on the door is like I cover your butt or corporate or something like that.
What?
that's what I'm thinking.
No.
Well him.
Hm
I don't know everything. Maybe with your hospital, maybe being in another county, maybe things don't get counted back to your
county as often.
That.
Maybe they are tracking it back to where you live and not where you test
or you work. Sorry.
You tested your,
early on. They were, there were people on Reddit, there's a, there's an Illinois subreddit for covid and there were people on their scrutinizing the test and saying, we know that there were the, this family here that got sick and they're latino and they're not on the thing unless they got counted as white or this or that people really scrutinizing the stuff. But come
on. The
represents
good.
Period. It could go either way. Like in the early days I thought, okay, it sort of started to look like this wasn't going to be such a bad uh and that makes such a bad illness okay. But at least we got a dry run in case something serious shows up over here. You know, that was
my
thought
at first, but now I'm concerned that the longer it goes on, the more damage there is, the more likely it is that next time there's an event people learned the wrong lesson they learned. They don't want to shut down. They don't wanna jump too early. They don't want another uh cry wolf. Yeah. So
worried they'll take the wrong the wrong message there.
It is
Hey, there have been some definitely good outcomes here. My husband got a couple months off when they closed the courts down uh when he was home with pay because works for the state. Uh So that was beautiful and now he still works a full week. He works a half week. We're not sure what's going on there other than they don't want so many bodies in one building at a time. But I mean it's an amazingly wonderful schedule. Like it has helped our home life so much stuff gets done. Ah uh For us it's been mostly good. We meant to buy a house this year that got kicked out for the guts. The housing market went nuts during that month and a half, it was actually open. But
Yeah, that worked
out
good.
My parents
were just starting to do renovations
on the house which has needed it. It's like 1,970,000, most of it hasn't been touched. And so they had guys lined up to come in right after the lockdowns were
starting here at least. And so all the guys they say what's going on, what's going to happen? They said if you're going to pay us we're going to show up because the collection industry they need to work. And so they got they got their flooring and they got I think they had new furniture in order that got delivered. It was worked out well for them. They got a painter coming in.
who
you feel
bad for that lady?
Oh so you did get them to do something for you there? Yeah
well
if
you're gonna
try
you're gonna drive
to go pick it up. Yeah.
well maybe she's calling you from some big city where nobody has a car. He holds more than two people.
funny story. So my husband is a public defender working in misdemeanors and he said sometimes people get charged with stupid stuff. I was thinking about if somebody actually pulled over the kids with you know, driving the boat, we're driving the struggles about and he says you know sometimes people get misdemeanors that could be charged with felonies and it ends up being better for them if it is charged with felonies because you take in front of the felony judge, it's not only judges like why are we here? This is stupid. I don't think of that. I can't drive with. Yeah.
Where
was
this
impressed?
Well the the the gentler time of the 80s or
what,
I care.
Well I'm hoping that uh Yeah, it's definitely where you are but I think that's partly like there's an older frame of mind that
lasted longer in the country areas that, you know, the city really move ahead quickly and it was a bit far sometimes.
That probably
helped you when everybody knows everybody. Yeah. Well, and that's the other thing. So if you had taken a six pack and gotten drunk of out in the lake and with some friends and then they back
parents
and they get back to, you know, everybody knows everybody. So something's going south.
They came out and
spoke houses actually. Cause,
well, no.
But you know what, that would be the place to be a parent. Right?
little.
Yeah. All right. Yeah.
Yeah. Uh, so we hit the timer here really
high. We're
set,
you
know?
Yeah. And I think you can do it three or four times.
There's
some up. But yeah, they've got a bunch of questions for us to do after the video part. But it's been nice since its Covid and I wasn't getting out for a while. It was just nice to have some affection and talk to people. Yeah.
He was
hotel,
Already
talking
to you.
Okay. They get