Hi.
I'm laura. Hi, nice to meet you. I'm so sorry.
Uh Nothing. What's up with you?
that's really cool. What did you move to?
Oh my God. Um Are excited?
Oh my God, like I'm pre med so like yeah, but I'm like a junior in undergrad right now, so
I go to U. S. F.
Well
Yeah, we're just here waiting out this hurricane. I think it passed. Mm.
Yeah, we had a tropical storm passed by us because it flew into the, well not flu, it went through the caribbean so it like kind of hit us last because it always does. So. Yeah.
Yeah. No, no not at all.
Um So I don't know like specific areas that are harder hit. I live in like a more affluent ish area, so I'm assuming we're gonna be okay afterwards. But I think more harder hit areas are like areas that are like further up north, like more rural florida. Because yeah,
because of how the health care works up there and how the politics generally works up there. So
yeah, if you around north florida, that area around Georgia and Alabama and all those places, it's a lot more conservative and
Travis more southern, it gets a lot more liberal.
we were masked down here um around my school area, it's mandatory. Uh so we're pretty safe. But like if you travel in different areas, like my friend recently traveled to Kentucky and she was like there was no one wearing a mask and she was like terrified. And I was like
I've seen the maps that show like where Covid is actively happening in like the worst cases and it's really concentrated on the east coast right now. Like more populist places and like the middle of the country hasn't been hit yet.
I feel that's why they're being more lax about it now, but I feel like as this progress is they're gonna get harder hit, but also like I'm from new york originally, so when you said massachusetts, I was like Q because I've been to boston a couple of times, but that's kind of it.
Yeah, I remember when I started in like, new york was really hard hit and it was getting really scary up there. Um So I'm glad they took it seriously, I feel like the more populous states are going to get it worse obviously because more populous. Um But I'm kind of waiting for like things that hit the fan over here because we're going back to school, like Wisma. Yeah,
so it depends on your institution to move because we have a lot of florida state schools down here, so um my school is part of the florida state school program because the public florida school and they've come up with a plan, it seems pretty comprehensive. Like we had to get tested for. We go back on campus, we're going to have restricted areas. We're gonna be required to um stay in our dorm rooms. We're not going to have that many in person classes if you can avoid it. So we're doing so we have like a bunch of restrictions to keep us safe if people
call them. But some schools like my sister, she's starting high school this year. She's going to be an online school. Come
on.
All of my siblings are starting new new schools and they're like my brother starting middle school and he's starting in high school and they're like it's gonna be online. Yeah.
It's
I couldn't even imagine. But how do you get by starting medical online?
Well hopefully you'll make some zoom friends like and look at the average for you. How much good thing or bad thing, depending how if you bought the bodies.
Mhm. Oh you know how white coat ceremony this year?
That's nice. I know like certain people who have graduated, who are starting my school or who started mental last year and being pre med like I know like this is not these are not topics to be taught online on a screen. Like I'm doing physics this semester and I'm not looking forward to it. My friends took it before me and they were not having it. It was not fun for them at all.
Ox.
Um I have actually no idea. I'm doing physics one.
Yeah. It probably isn't. Chemical physics. Thank God I'm not doing technical but I'm doing physics one and its outer based this for um because I refuse to take calculus
well, it wasn't worth it for me, like I'm good enough at math, but like the stress and like the extra time putting it off wasn't worth it for me. So I'm taking it this master and I didn't take it during the summer because I said I'm not like a, like I'm a chemistry person, like I did my best in my chemistry courses and physics does not sound fun for me.
Oh, okay, I hope I will cause I'm really, I started it. My friend, she had her give me her give me her like power points from perfect of class and I got to like Chapter three and I was like, I'm not, I'm not here for this, I
don't want to do this
What?
Yes, but I'm actually not akin major, I'm a psych major because I just like the globe on chemistry and like science teachers at my school is like very brutal. Like all my friends just be stressed all the time. Like I took biochem last semester and I got to be,
Yeah, so I just prefer cam like I got pretty good grades during my kIM. Um and I like, I really appreciate it cause that chemistry is like math, but with like we're problems was kind of like fun for me
by was not it for me and everyone's like pie also easy and I hated it. Oh my God, I want
to
tell
so I did a bad thing. I chose my bio one teacher and I was like, I don't know what was wrong with me, I chose the wrong teacher essentially because like there's a way that their types of teachers that I like vibe with this man was so what we're gonna do is I'm gonna lecture you and you have to read it all the notes and then you have to realize your notes and then you'll come to class, your teeth exam and if you do everything I said you will pass and I was like, so it's this text is useless. I just, I just have to sit here and listen to you in this cramped like four by four room for like hours on end and I would fall asleep in his class and it was just a train wreck. I still passed though. And then for bio too, it was just like, I just, well in the first two exams and I was like, it's a lot of stuff to remember. And then the last two exams are kind of hard, but like I just find bio like, like it's just there and I had to take it.
Yes. By own contact is fun. But no, they were high power points from textbook company like
hour and a half.
No
shelling of the light is really cruel because that that means I'm gonna fall asleep
and I'm not a loud person either. Like I am a lecture person. Like I took anatomy in high school I think three times just as it was fun for me.
So I took regular anatomy. I think I took No, I think I took honors anatomy and then I took a not anatomy dual enrollment. I'm at another time. But
Yeah. So it's kind of like a P. But I guess I didn't take the exam, so thank God A people were like so tough, but I took it twice and like I was stumbling through lab, but I got an A. In a lecture. So I'm not, I'm not a live person at all. Yeah.
Yeah. I just like labs. They scare me and there has to be standing for like an hour and a half and it's just like if you get it wrong. So
yes, I did.
I never, we never left before like, so we had like a long time period, like our school over books are labs, so we have a lot of time to get everything finished. We were never gone before, like an hour. Like we would stay there almost the entire time. We got out early once. And that was because we were like making essential oil and I was super easy, but we would always just sit there for two hours on our feet by the time we left, like you're handsome like latex, you're tired of reading through the mat with your goggles on. Mhm.
And like I'm pretty brave in the lab because I know like nothing and they're going to kill me usually.
So like I just smell of aspirin, all chemicals. I was like great. Yeah.
Well you just moved into a new apartment so like that's not your fault.
Uh No, isn't he?
Yeah. Like I was really born. My friend recommended the site. So I started like, um students in june because like I was home because of quarantine. What government before?
Then there's like minor technical issues. Um The last one was pretty okay. He was he like used to break up and skip a little bit, But that was like, like the extent of it. So you just finished your like 25 minutes and then you kind of exit out and then you answer a few questions and they give you your money. Like pretty pretty seriously.
I wonder what you think of my reaction is. I just look at the camera like a little confused.
Well
I wonder what my my thing was with. My thing is with you because my last partner um we're like pretty far essentially because he was like male and he was like why? And he lived somewhere like in the south. But I think in the south or on the other hand of the country like All the way over there. But we talked about like the virus and how it's affecting everything for like 25 minutes.
Can.
Uh No we just talked about how like different things are affecting us like that we notice because of the virus. Because I have like things plan that I wanted to do like over summer and during spring they just got 100% canceled. And I was thinking about how different people are affected that we don't really think about like um the thing I wanted to do was like I paid for this concert with my friends and my first concert and I was super excited and the ticket was like medium lee expensive and then why not cancelled? Not cancelled postponed?
I was going to BTS concert.
Yes, I love them too. But like I was going to the BDS concert. I literally I give him a ticket was so hard and then there was $300 ticket. Now sometimes you go and then they were like so coronavirus, we're going to meet you later and like we've been waiting for dates since they canceled. Since they postponed it
In
if they cancel it we get our money back but since it's postponed and we're waiting for dates um it's not a problem.
And the way that it's looking it's not looking promising.
People are really sad about missing out on their summer and I understand who's calling me. Yes Francine said you have five minutes to get your Broccoli. Tell her ticket. Thank you. Exactly. That's my brother. My sister.
Okay. Um Yeah people are missing their summers and I feel bad for them but like I'd rather not like miss out on life. Like my friends have been like attitude is playing. Do you want to you know Go ahead. No like my own friend put this on my on her stories the other day about this lady who um in order to fully recovered from Covid should get a lung transplant and she got a double lung transplant. Mhm. Those are rare. Those are hard to come by. And
yeah like doctors normally don't transport lungs like like to learn transplants, but she had to get it and that people are coming back after surviving Covid with asthma and lung disorders. So I was like, you know what? Maybe the park isn't worth it.
I'm petrified of picking up the virus. Like, I'm not I'm not concerned about what happens to me. Like, I'm not afraid of dying, I'm afraid of what happens if I don't die.
Because I've never had long. I'm pretty I'm pretty much healthy. Like I've never had long issues. I've never had asthma. I've never had like, any, like, very like, pressing medical issue. So I don't want to pick up on now. And since this is such a new disease, like, I remember when we were being told not to wear mask in order to give them for like the sick and the doctors and now everyone has to wear one. So I'm not and the quarantine is fine and dandy for me because I'm an introvert is fine. This is how I usually am anyway. But like I don't feel like being quarantined in the box. 14 days. So
So my university, one of the stipulations were going back to school is if you catch covid or if you contract it you have to go into isolation for 14 days. Yeah.
Yeah. Honestly the reason I'm going back is I can't do at home remote learning. Like it's a lot harder for me, especially with like um the way that my house is set up so I just want to go back just so I can focus on my studies. Like I need a place.
Oh yeah no no one's leaving the house. Absolutely not
when I go to college. So I don't know actually because I still do dorms because I prefer them. So I had him in my room mate, hopefully she's like as concerned as I am, but all of my friends that I I go to college with their like staying inside to my knowledge and hopefully my really the same or you kind of like forced to stay inside because there's nothing to do anymore. Nothing.
So our schools being kind of lenient now that I've heard that like we're we just have to sign up for different moving days and we're not allowed visitors but hope, thank God this semester I want to live in the same like building as my friend because we're always in each other's drums anyway, so we lived across the hall from each other so we get to bypass that rule. Um but we're not allowed visitors were allowed to leave campus but we do have to get tested before we go back to campus and I'm not looking forward to it. Not looking forward to those swabs out.
They don't want it. They don't care. Like we said, like,
we won't accept anything else besides a pcr. And I was like, because I really didn't want to take it, like I'll get my blood drawn instead and I hate getting blood drawn.
I might get one honestly because I would hate to be asymptomatic. But like I, one of someone in my house recently got tested and they came up negative and like I have been in contact with them. So that that makes me pretty optimistic for my results. So it's
not
they had a negative PcR test. What about the it's like this,
but most
Yeah.
How
about you? Does anyone like around you, did they get tested? Are they like positive? Do you know anyone who's like kind of suffering with covid
people
telling
us?
Oh my God. This mortgage board of like covid symptoms. It's like not fun at all.
Well,
The
Loss of Face one Scares Me. Yes, I might. Do you want, she said maybe for me. Thank you. Okay. Alright. I'm sorry. Uh, you know, like the lost, like certain covid symptoms are like really scared of me and like all of my friends got sick like late last year. Earlier this year. Like my friend caught a really bad flu. Like she was like, she couldn't move. Um, like her body hurt. Like she was like in a lot of pain and that I got a little bit sick, but like I'm anemic. So I get like these weird colds when I'm, I don't feel like it sound like a cold, like I sound like a viral, a viral thing to you, but if I stay too close to the air conditioner for too long, I feel like a little stuffy for a few days. So I've got that and then my friend got sick like all of us got sick,
she's frozen. Okay. Yes. I actually I can get my hands on line. I should try to get my aunt twice tested.
We
want.
It's not,
it was for me it was like a mild cold. Like it was like a regular one. But I don't know because I I was really scared of being asymptomatic because I get kind of sick and I am in contact with a few people because of my work. I volunteered at Moffett and I volunteered at that hospital for up until like they told us to stop coming. I was in contact with a lot of people email, it's like a cancer hospital, like I wasn't afraid because I was like, I'm more dangerous to them than they are to me. I still could have come in contact with someone and not known. So,
so we were watching new york get hit. So it came to us later because we were I was forced to move out of my dorm in March. I was seeing Covid happened to new york, like when we got it um are teachers thought so we got during our spring break, which my spring break was like a week later than everyone else is. So I thought everyone was done with their spring break, but we got it, we were forced to move out of our dorms that spring break and we thought we were going to be back in school in two weeks and then we weren't.
And he
has.
Yeah, So because I was sitting biochem and he was like, I don't want to put you all on online school. And it was horrible because he wanted to maintain like our integrity for exams. And we were just given the, hey, we're going to be online for the rest of the semester.
So for biochemistry, the way that he tries to be online was we didn't do soon. Thank God because I don't wake up early enough to do zooms. Um, he narrated his power banks and
they're like, exactly that because they're
like 100 slide power point. And we're just sitting there listening to him and taking notes on the slides. And that was like my numbing, right?
And then I was speaking in genetics and by him at the same time because I thought it would be smart and it wasn't. Um, so both of my teachers just narrated their slides and I would just sit there for days on end, just taking notes on the slides and it was not fun at all.
And
I remember I was like, I refuse to fail genetics and I would read the textbook and the textbook was fine, but like, I would just sit there and like, this is boring. I thought it's really more like, I think we're going to get into like, altering genes. How did how to tell me where you can have blue eyes or brown eyes? And we're just sitting there like, So Darwin in 18, months of the Figure eight.
We learned a lot of Darwin and length jeans and things and like disorders. Like I want to get into the disorders, I can get like that mutations. We got like 12 of them. And then we're just learning about like link jeans and crossing over and things like that and recombination. We did like a quick my toast this review for like, so like, we didn't get exciting things I was looking for. We got a lot of boring kind of history kind of mask. It's very interesting.
Yeah. Do you know what, what you want to be? Like what your specialty is? Like, what are you like cleaning too?
Remember be some boring to me.
no, I don't think it's worrying because like, I have like picked like three things that I would want to do for like my supposed to my specialty like so far and like top of psychiatry because like, that's why I started wanting to be a doctor again. And then Derm is like second because of like the lifestyle, like the ease of life. And then third is like Dino.
Yeah, I'm not afraid of like the birthing videos and watch them all the time. Like this is fun.
Honestly, at this point when I get to it I get to it like I think I might take a gap year but that's
more research because like I don't feel like physically able to handle it like mentally and like I'm a I'm graduating really early so especially for florida, like I'm A year younger than everyone in my grade essentially because of like how my birthday is Florida. If I had started school in Florida, I wouldn't have been able to graduate at 18, 17. Like I did because I didn't skip any grades but my birthday is late and I was born in 2000 so I'm younger than everyone in my grade. Um I graduated kind of early, I did a lot of ap classes, so I'm graduating even earlier
or
Yeah, kind of. So like I'm doing this like super early and I don't feel like I'm capable of doing medical, especially like Mexico and coronavirus, I wonder that
what's so weird. Like people like are married and like they're an undergrad with me. I'm just like, people are getting married
I'm not a research person, but like, I just want to cultivate myself and cultivate my skills. Like I can be a little awkward and talking to people. So I want to like even myself out maybe more well rounded and like doing all the medical requirements in undergrad is so stressful, like getting volunteering hours, getting research hours and getting teachers to vouch for you. And I'm just like, this is a lot and I'm just trying to pass for boot camp and like, you're just putting the weight of the world on my shoulders. So I think I might want to take a year out maybe do like teaching America like, but no one's teaching America anymore, we're taking through zoom. So
yeah, I kind of wanted to um I think to me work because Mexico is like hell expensive and not always concerned me, it's like how do you live while you're not able to work technically?
Well
yeah. Oh I can't wait to look at my loan balance and just see.
well and like people talk a lot about like how you're like, you miss years of your life because you're spending it in med school while people are starting. But you know what, I've always kind of been like a late bloomer so I'm okay with it. I live
it
yeah, if I didn't you, I wanted to trauma er because like I like adrenaline, like I have an issue, like, I can't, like I did um a shadowing of like a year before and I was like, so this is the worst place ever, and like, I kind of was tempted to say it's really quiet in here because that's when
everything
like.
like, I think I'm gonna enjoy this, like, I really like helping people and like, local office jobs for me and all of our office spaces and workspaces are changing anyway. So
yeah, this is like the most they will jump out there because everyone's always going to need a doctor.
Yeah, so you're always a media nurse shows me a doctor. So
imagine working on the thing that replaces you, that's
that's me. I'm a person who uses the automated versus talking to someone because I'm like, please.
It is, and like, I understand that my debate teacher, you see this to us, um it might be replacing jobs, but what what happens is it makes way for more high paying jobs and better jobs for others because you're cutting out something that was so minuscule, you know what, you know, I don't referring to like service shops is minuscule, but I just wonder like what is this open and what this is close,
It's so hard to get a degree. Like I just think about it. Like I got really lucky, I'm down here in florida. We have a scholarship jin tuition. Humans are insane, like they're not, they're pretty low for college and for florida, but like it's crazy.
No, not at all. Like room board is room board is honestly more expensive than my tuition most of the time. Like my tuition. Yeah because like um my tuition for like the state of florida is pretty cheap. It's like 8000 When living on campus and then eating on campus and then they protect us and everything else that it adds a lot. Usually like cost of attendance like 26,000.
Yeah. My friends and I used to get sick from the dining hall food and we're just like, we paid so much for like, it's insane
everyday pizza, everyday pizza because it's the only thing that can, you don't eat and it's like won't make you sick.
Oh yeah, definitely. I've been cooking a lot since I've been home and like I'm going back to cooking more when I go back on campus, so let's make fun for me.
So I'm excited for not honestly, I'm excited just to see how this works. Like I've been telling my dad like I'm just excited to see what coronavirus life is. Like. Honestly.
Yeah. And my school is like super. I don't know if this happens for every school, like we're pretty big. We have 12 three whole hospital's on campus. So we have a Children's hospital, we have a cancer hospital. And then we have um another hospital. So
we have three copies. Yeah. There are like the outskirts of tips of campus. But the school bus will take you there and it's like all the rest of property.
So you could go there. I'm pretty sure. But they're teaching hospital. Actually, I don't know they're teaching hospitals but they're all like hospitals. We have Shriners on campus and then we have um model which is a cancer hospital. And we have a hospital off campus which could go to a student. But that's like, I don't I've never heard of anyone going to on campus hospitals, but we do have three of them. I'm forgetting the other one. I think it's a I institute, which I like that
it's florida. There's a lot of space.
we have a really big iguanas and iguanas and stuff. And then there are a lot of, there's a lot of water here. Like you know how you have like a regular suburban community and like massachusetts and it's like just houses. So for us, um if you drive um behind any housing complex or if you drive alongside the road you'll see like water. So like Yeah. So.
Yeah, because there's a lot of place for them to be. So we have
a lot of water. Like even there's areas by our roads where it's like alligator warnings.
Arab waters and lakes and swamps and stuff. So yeah, we
have a lot
of
we can go swimming but not in there. Those are the dirtiest water you'll ever see. You don't want to go there right?
pools. Ocean. Some people do swim in those places. I don't recommend it. It's not proof, but everyone loves our beach. We know because they're still there.
I've never loved the beach enough to risk my health. Like all the sand and like I can kind of slim but not really.
No, not at all. And like I forget that you're supposed to put sunscreen on very regularly. So not good for me at all.
I'm just like I'm super into my skincare which is why I love dermatology but like I ran out of sunscreen and I was like I'm not leaving to get a new one. So I'm just
um you're supposed to wear it every day because if the sun can to you then if you can see that from the second to you so you can you can get UV damage in your house. Like people say to wear it even if you're in your car. But like I have my book my blinds drawn every day and I kind of stay in my room and even like outside like our blinds are, I feel like I feel pretty safe. So
yeah, I guess on early,
well
oh it's okay, you'll be fine. Orientation is a just welcoming and you don't have to get up that early so you'll be fine.
Okay. I used to love getting for idiom when I can manage it, so I don't get like to upset at it, but I
just want to tell you since like it's oh my God, you can't even see it, it's 9 40 43. So if you like when I stopped talking to me like I think we're leaving our limit.
Yeah, I noticed. I was like, Oh, it's 9:30. She had to sell her,
smith
for your great
maybe.
Thank you so much. Good luck. I found your
region.