Hi,
I'm kate
nice to me. What's up?
Not too much. Just moving into a new apartment. So it's super like empty. The,
I moved to michigan for medical school.
I am excited. Yeah. It's gonna be crazy. Like it starts an orientation, like starts tomorrow. So it's gonna be a lot. And then classes start in a week. It's gonna be a lot of work. But
where do you go?
You southern
floor. Cool. Okay. Are you in florida right now?
guys are getting everything right now?
um, and like the covid is not good there. Right?
Is your area like hard hit?
together.
Is it like more conservative up there
from experience.
So people are masked there and stuff like that. The team were seriously. Mm
But you're insane. Wow. I heard the same thing. Like, like I'm from massachusetts so like everyone's really serious there. But like I was talking to someone from Ohio and he said like nobody there were his masks and like nobody in this town more of them. And like, you wouldn't even know like covid is a threat there. It's crazy.
No,
Well, new york is very similar. Like the, you know, people are like mostly progressive and stuff like liberal and like at least they, I mean now the Northeast has like, um, like for massachusetts, you can like, you have to quarantine 14 days if you're not from like new york or like New England and New Jersey. So it's like everyone else except like that little section of the country because like they're doing so well, but they took it seriously. It's good.
How's that gonna work
And
for high
school? Oh, that's so weird.
I wonder how little work out. It's just like a different, I don't know, it's so different from when we were in high school and like
you with your friends.
Um It's gonna be weird to like they also honestly told as much information like it is online. But I think we have anatomy. I mean anatomy is important. You know like your you need real people in front of you. But I think they're like being so safe about and they said like if you don't wear mask, you get kicked off campus and like being really serious. But it's gonna be weird. It's nice like not having to go to class at eight a.m. But also like you really need an ad in me and like it's hard making friends if you're not from the area and I'm like no one can hang out so we'll see what happens.
I guess I mean it's just like a traditional thing though. You know like everyone has their like cadaver like white coat ceremony.
It got postponed a year, which is better than being canceled. But it's like it's a big thing you always look forward to and now it's just like we start orientation tomorrow and like we had to go separate like socially distanced too. Like everyone in different time slot to get like our laptops and stuff. But I mean like at least people live in this apartment complex and we've been hanging out but like you can really see anyone other than that.
physics is awful. I'm so sorry.
Which is um electrics, what's it called? E. And M. Or is it like mechanical?
Also? Probably mechanical physics.
I'm good. You yeah,
it's not if your chemistry person, believe me, I was too in physics is brutal. But you'll get through it.
You think
we just gotta get through it and get that like A or B. And then you're good, but you're you're you're definitely smart enough to do if you're like a chemistry major and everything. It's just it's like not as cool and intuitive as
chemistry, if that's your thing, but like obviously you're smart enough to do it so you can get through it, but just do a lot of practice problems.
It's hard.
Any sense,
is it
just
how can you hate it? Do you think it was boring?
it's just the professors that sometimes they can make it so boring, like when they just read from the power point the whole time. But like in context, it's really interesting
mind if it
was so boring, she was just she was shut off the lights to make it even worse. And she
would read the textbook power point on class.
Exactly. Yeah. You're not only actively engaged or anything, like it's so hard,
You've been taken out of me three times.
like a P and adam.
But at least med schools mostly lecture and stuff, so if you want to do that will probably be golden.
Uh Did you ever take the organic chemistry lab
Brenda lambs? Like really long them? And we're like three, like 33 hour levs per week.
You always smell like acid tone and like all these different things like all the time.
It's
to freeze up. You guys, sorry, my wife is not the best.
Mm. Actually, wait, is it all weird for you?
Have you done this before? Like this study thing?
Like you did the talking to someone. Did it have like any problems come up during it like that. Like I mean minds like weird. But
it is interesting though because like I did this once before and the lady was like super like she's done a ton of them and she was also like a like a researcher and she was actually a doctor before but then she went to research and I'm like we started with like a lot of issues and she said that the scientists can do that on purpose to see like how do you react to it? I thought that was really interesting because they're like mine was just kind of messed up but I wonder like it might have been even messing with it. Yeah
You're
like your normal for you. But she also said like we had all these things in common, like she was a doctor before and like I'm going to med school and like um we love animals, like all these things like you're you're pre-med like obviously like we're both young, we have stuff in common, but she said like they match you that way on purpose sometimes and there's like some fundamental difference and it's so interesting because um I think that's what like she mentioned, that's what they like try to achieve. Like they say all these people like have all the same things except one thing is like really really different religion or politics usually. And like when when I talked to this lady like we were very like opposite politically. So kind of interesting.
Oh you didn't get into like the other stuff
like the politics like religion and stuff.
The concert was
oh cool. My friends like obsessed with them
so you don't get your money back or anything. It's just like hoping that in the future they'll find
something else.
But too bad because like, you don't know I mean no one knows like when things will be okay again, you know,
for anyone, I feel like it's like in massachusetts were doing amazingly and now the cases are going to like they're starting to rise again probably because people are like being idiots and they're all coming to Cape Cod in boston like vacation but
True.
Yeah, burger good. Yeah.
Yeah. It's like you could trade like you're a summer and that sucks but like it's making things better. Like you're safe or you can like put yourself and everyone else you're risking it's way better to be safe. We even had this patient and she was 96 in the er and she um she had like a chest X ray before she had Covid and it was like for something else and then she had it, she tested positive was asymptomatic. So she never even knew she had except she tested positive and then she had a chest X ray after and she had scarring all over her lungs and she never even had symptoms. It was really scared like all these people walking around you probably had and didn't know and like we don't know what what like what damage is done.
No.
we wouldn't be in quarantine
Yeah that would be awful. I feel like college isn't even worth it at this point. Just so different. So miserable.
Are you living with people who are like mature and responsible at least?
I mean like when you go to college?
my college was like that to us looking at their like the things they have in place and it looks so miserable like I mean for my college I graduated from but you get one been to move in with because if they say like everyone go home you just pack up your one bit and go home. But like I went with two carloads like that would be so awful. And then um do you like get tested when you go tested all the time? Um like you can't leave camp as well as mandatory, like no visitors and your residence hall or anything like it. I'm sure yours is the like the same but it sounds so miserable.
Mhm. I hope by then they have like the Saliva one or something because it looks so painful
and
you should you should get an antibody test. So just out of curiosity,
like
they were negative antibodies or like negative test.
it always feels good when some of your clothes will test negative so you know like you're pretty
much. Mhm. Mhm.
Yeah good
luck.
Um One of my friends back home was a nurse who got it early on and she was fine and then my friend um we think he got because his roommates, a nurse, he like got antibody positive but he didn't have symptoms but my friend and the purple toes which is really weird. Um
And
the
but he also had like a sore throat and like a mild cough, it was like really mild and here like I'm just I just moved here two days ago so like I don't really know many people but yeah I don't know anyone personally except I worked in the er too, so like I knew a few people and then they is so interesting like someone I was talking to here, she worked in California and lived there and she said they had covid in november, like they found that out and so I think it was here very, very early and like people in the er it was really bad flu season but like everyone got vaccinated and they still got the flu or the test was negative for the flu and we were just like, oh you know, it happens like the test is faulty or whatever but now they're saying I think that was like a lot of covid mixed in and we just had no idea it was in like february so it was really early. Mhm
Yeah, it's just everybody's system like kidneys
bringing heart like, I don't know.
Pancreas
It could have honestly been covid, you should get antibodies and see if you're positive.
Yeah. I saw one on one like I think it was expensive but now more insurance companies are like covering it and there was one
like
Lab Corps if you ordered online is $10 and then you just go to like a whatever request or whatever and get drawn.
When you're not so interesting.
Yeah. I wonder if it was in California and probably boston and new york like so early. Like did a hit florida really early too or was it just like later that it's hitting everyone else?
Remember everyone thought that like they thought they were just like oh after a spring break you know it'll be normal again and like after spring break
just no
one went back. It's insane.
Mhm. How was it online? It was it hard to like pay attention?
bra
what
you couldn't even look at him like in person or anything to stay awake. Like you're just sounds terrible.
I came and genetics at the same time genetics was like a snoozefest
sometimes at least in my school.
That's why you learned about.
That's too bad though. But hopefully we're in med school and then you can learn all about all the cool stuff.
Um I really like emergency but I've worked in the air for six years. I really liked it. But that's really all I know except dermatology which is really boring but so it's cool. Like everyone changes because like I don't I don't really know anything before compared to what we will know.
You think it is worrying too?
Gunnel sounds cool and they do it's cool. They do surgery and they do like office visits and stuff.
Yeah maybe you like it sounds really intent, like emergencies intense, You get like adrenaline but I think that one you would too but it's like less often but it sounds really interesting but Durham is just like it's all molds and like it's all age spots and it's like the same thing over and over and over and over again and the lifestyle is good. But like those lights off for a lot of things, you just have to immerse yourself in it. Are you applying to med school like when you're a senior?
It's good.
they're gonna
be like two years younger than everyone else.
Oh yeah most people are honestly older too. Like I'm I took one gap here and I'm like the younger one here, like there are a couple of people who came right out of college and like a lot of people in their late 20s are married and like a couple of kids. It's really weird. But
wow, that's, I can't imagine it's just, we're in different stages of life I guess. But like in med school, I mean, yeah, it would be like really, really young. So it's good to get a little more experience and like take a couple years off and some people like say, oh, I like this better and I don't want to go to med school. Some people like, yeah, hate research. I want to be a doctor for sure. So is definitely beneficial.
Yeah. And like you could, I mean some people do Fulbright, I don't know if you've heard of that, but that's really cool. It's like really good for um, if you before med school. But yeah, that'd be good. Just like you have your away from the stress and then you like reset a little bit and you'll still be like 22 so it's good for you.
loans, savings
and loans.
I'm not looking at it it's very soon. Uh But it'll work, it'll be worth it one day you know?
Yeah and you're doing the coolest thing ever.
Like in the er they would tell me like you put a chest tube in a patient, you save their life and like your friends are like at an office job like sitting at their desk all daily doing calculations or whatever and you literally put a tube in someone's chest, massage their heart to make it like start being like that's pretty crazy. It sounds so worth it.
I
never
said the word. Mhm.
Yes. Only we work from home now.
That's what they always say. Yeah and then like certain doctors, like robots can never replace. So. And also like people don't want robots. They want humans.
Yeah, engineers. Maybe they'll be like automating fun.
A lot of people that like if you go in Panera now they have like the automated, like the thing you order like there ever was just automating everything.
It's easier like, you know. Yeah. You don't have social contact. It's so nice. But it's replacing jobs.
Yeah. Because maybe it opens things for like people who have like more education or like they have the like, I don't know if they were born lucky or something. But then like people who weren't born with the same resources. Like they can't get the jobs and then like that it's just not equal. It's like perpetuating inequality kind of.
It's still crazy. And our parents and my parents said like they could work during college like summers and paper all of it and like my college cause like $65,000 a year. Like maybe working in the summer you make like $3,000, But it's not easy.
They rip you off so hard.
It's awful to, it's not healthy. It's all like Greece and like garbage. Mine was so bad too. It's just inedible.
Mm that's not good ours with recycling if there was like two and a one day would be like 200 pizza the next day or like Mac and Cheese Pizza. It was nasty. But that's when you learn to cook for yourself.
Yeah, it's such a good skill to have it. It's just like fun and relaxing and you can eat a lot healthier and like it can be delicious too.
because we're I mean this hasn't happened before like ever. So it's really interesting to live and especially being like medical areas when there's a pandemic we'll see.
on campus.
Oh Let's Wait 1st. Are they all for students?
Oh that's crazy though wow, my school was tiny,
that's true. Yeah florida sounds like a wild place. There's this girl from florida here and she was saying how like you can't let your baby like go down near the river or else an alligator could eat it and they're like pythons and all these crazy like monkeys, I don't know but monkeys in florida.
Is that work? That's why there are so many alligators
from.
Whoa.
So
you can
go
right so you just can you only go in like pools or in the ocean?
yep. They're still crowded like sardines in the beach,
it's just hot and boring. It's not good for your skin.
Yeah be careful. They're working in dermatology, you learn to wear sunscreen and like he's the all the bad things that can happen to anyone.
So you work every day?
mm. Yeah it's fine and said like I mean I like I wear it every day too because especially driving like you get a lot of damage you don't know about but like it's really good you agree with like you do that because I didn't even learn till I worked in that clinic and like you're you're gonna have no wrinkles because you wear sunscreen every day.
Yeah exactly it's good. I'm
gonna I got ahead because I head out because I have so much to do before orientation at 8:00. AM.
eight a.m.
Well
okay so that was very so fast.
Well it was it was good talking to you. I just want to do it. So it's like prepared for tomorrow anyway. But it would have been
student.
Thank you. Good luck to you. I hope you get in somewhere. Maybe you'll end up here, you know?
Yeah. Good luck. Real good. And you seem very intelligent, very passionate about it. So it'll be good.
Thank