SPEAKER_L: what? Yeah. Mhm. Uh huh. Right, mm, good morning.
SPEAKER_R: Good morning,
SPEAKER_L: How are you?
SPEAKER_R: good, How are you?
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: Okay? And that's good.
SPEAKER_L: So where are you located?
SPEAKER_R: Um I'm in north Carolina
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I used to live in north Carolina while back.
SPEAKER_R: or did you like it?
SPEAKER_L: Um Honestly I do not like the highways and the roads down there, so that's what made me come back to new york. I'm born and raised in new york and yeah, it's a different uh it's different down there, the weather is much better. I love your weather,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, well it's cold right now, so I'm freezing,
SPEAKER_L: well it's snowing right here right now so I'm sure it's not that cold. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, no, no.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, that was the one thing I did love when I was down there that it was warm, but when I was there for the holidays it didn't feel right to me. I need the four seasons. So yeah. Have you always lived in the Carolinas?
SPEAKER_R: Um no, I joined the military and I lived in texas for a few years, so that's what I've been to.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, so even hotter? Yeah, my best friend used to live in texas. So yeah, so I've been there, but yeah, I like the nice warmth, but I'm a sucker for the four seasons. I suppose. I just wish our cold season was shorter.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I bet.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, because ours last about six months. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Oh
SPEAKER_L: like from now until april yeah, it's going to be real cold. Yeah, I don't like it. So you said you were in the military? What what branch?
SPEAKER_R: Air Force
SPEAKER_L: Oh, very nice. Exactly. How long have you, are you still a part of it or how long were you a part of the Air Force?
SPEAKER_R: Um I did the full eight years and then I got up. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: awesome. Well thank you for your service.
SPEAKER_R: You're welcome.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: It's cool. Do you have any Children?
SPEAKER_R: Uh no, I don't have any Children. Not right now, but maybe in the future.
SPEAKER_L: Gotta
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What about you? Any
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Children?
SPEAKER_L: do I have two daughters. My oldest is 26 And she lives in Florida and my youngest is just turned 21 a little while ago and she lives about a half hour from me. Mm
SPEAKER_R: see the visitor often. The other one.
SPEAKER_L: My youngest. Um we see probably at least 23 times a week.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's good.
SPEAKER_L: And I actually just came back from florida last month. I went down to see my daughter. She had had coronavirus. So
SPEAKER_R: Well, okay.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so luckily managed to squeak in and out of florida before the travel restrictions got horrendous again. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: so um is she doing better now?
SPEAKER_L: she is, she's doing much better. But she says she still has breathing issues here and there. Like she would just be cooking in the kitchen and having a hard time catching her breath, but she's doing a lot better than she was. So yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: mm hmm.
SPEAKER_L: Do you know anybody that's had the coronavirus?
SPEAKER_R: Um um well I was friends with a girl in high school and her dad, he had it and he died from it, so yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I'm so sorry to hear that.
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: That's terrible. That was my biggest fear with my daughter. That's why as soon as she was past the point and I knew I could get there and back I went to see her because it's just scary. Very scary. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it is. Uh Right, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So what do you do for a living?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well I go to school, I go to Liberty University Online.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, what do you take him? Psychology. what year are you in?
SPEAKER_R: Um My senior year. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: congratulations, you're close to the finish line then.
SPEAKER_R: hopefully by next year I have a bachelor's degree in Psychology.
SPEAKER_L: Very nice, congratulations and good luck to that.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you're welcome. That's great
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What about you? What do you do?
SPEAKER_L: right now pretty much this. I actually quit my job back in March and I have just been staying home taking
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: care of my guard in my house, my husband and you know doing surveys and panels and trying to stay indoors and states myself for the most part. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So do you like it, the whole survey thing? Are you liking it?
SPEAKER_L: Um I like this one because it's nice to meet other people and talk to someone outside of the home. It's a safe way to communicate. So so ones like this I really do like and I love testing products that gets sent to me. So those ones are really fun. But yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Do you do a lot of these or?
SPEAKER_R: Um I do it pretty much maybe like five or six days a week, so pretty often, Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It's an easy way to make extra cash from home, you know? So yeah. Plus
SPEAKER_R: Jack,
SPEAKER_L: being a psychology major, I'm sure you garnish a lot of information when you're interacting with other people. So cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, why don't really interact with a lot of people doing surveys? I just um answer a lot of questions.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I mean, so I hate that you have to do all the screening and you get so far and you take so much time and then, oh, you're, you're not imagine you guys started all over again drives me nuts. Especially because for most places I'm like a panel member, so they have all the dynamics and I wish that they would just put you into things that were a match for you and you didn't have to answer those because you've already answered them and they should be on file, but I guess I don't create them so I can't really complain. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I can't believe it's snowing. This is the second time it snowed this year, the first time it was very minimal. But I think this time we might actually um I'm sorry my window is like right beside
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: me and I'm looking out and like oh I don't like to see it I guess I don't like the cold and I'm not ready for the snow. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_R: I'm like a snowblower to get rid of it too, you know
SPEAKER_L: My husband does that, I don't do that. I don't like the cold. I don't like to be out in it so thankfully he's nice enough to take care of the snow blowing and whatnot.
SPEAKER_R: mhm Oh, that's good, you know,
SPEAKER_L: it's very good because otherwise I probably, I don't know I I don't like to in some years we could have you know a good 34 ft outside all at once so you don't really have a choice here in new york for the most part. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: so um for new york, is it like a safe place to live?
SPEAKER_L: Um where I am, it's pretty good. I don't live like New York City. I'm 66 hours from New York City. So I'm in a very rural area. It's pretty quiet and pretty safe. I mean I guess as safe as anywhere right now because the world is kind of crazy. I mean I don't know if you've heard of Rochester new york. They've been on,
SPEAKER_R: I've heard of it,
SPEAKER_L: yeah, they've been on the news a lot lately because of the looting and the rioting and it's
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: been pretty crazy but the whole world is kind of different than it used to be I guess. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I guess it's getting worse maybe, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: I think so. Only because I have lived through a lot and I've just I've seen things this past year that I've never lived through and it's it's frustrating, it's very frustrating. So I worry, I worry for, you know, a lot of different groups, it's just a rough rough world we live in right now. So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: yeah, well, I don't know if you pray, but I pray a lot to get through all the bad stuff, so maybe you can try that if you don't already do it.
SPEAKER_L: absolutely. I don't believe me, I do. I just, I worried because people are getting real mean these days, you know, not the same, but I pray that at some point we'll go back to some normal,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, me too,
SPEAKER_L: you know, I don't know, we'll ever get back to once we want what we once have uh I guess we'll find out. I just tried to take it day by day. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I was just about to say that, you know, one day at a time, yep,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's all we can do. But
SPEAKER_R: no
SPEAKER_L: you know
SPEAKER_R: one
SPEAKER_L: when your kids, you're not just worrying about yourself, you're worrying about other people and how they're handling things and like I said, my daughter's down in South Florida, so she's in a kind of crazy area. She's only about 20 minutes from Miami, so it's pretty busy and I worry about her down there. I mean I'm real thankful it's a very diversified
SPEAKER_R: You know?
SPEAKER_L: area and location for her, so I'm hoping that helps her. But these days there's no guarantee no matter where you are, so I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: Right. For your daughter, does she go to school?
SPEAKER_L: Um No, she actually just um completed the clinical beauty esthetician program. So she she has a certification and she did make us a spot in the back of her um house. But with Covid, she's kind of nervous to do that and with all the restrictions. So she's been waitressing for the time being for to make money. So yeah. Yeah. Not the optimal time for personal services, you know, with everything going on. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, we're gonna put it safe, you know?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. How are the restrictions down in the Carolina? What what part are you you said? North Carolina?
SPEAKER_R: I'm north Carolina,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. What part of north Carolina?
SPEAKER_R: um, eastern Carolina,
SPEAKER_L: Okay. I used to live in Gastonia. I don't know where that is in relationship to you, but
SPEAKER_R: I'm not sure either. And I don't
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: um I would say it was probably like 20 minutes from Charlotte.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. And I'm like three or 4 hours away from Charlotte I believe.
SPEAKER_L: Oh, okay. All right. So you must be like charleston area.
SPEAKER_R: Um have you heard of Jacksonville? North Carolina?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah, I've never been there though.
SPEAKER_R: Well, I'm like an hour away from there. Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: Because I lived in north and south Carolina. I was like right at the border area. So my husband's family lives down there and his parents live in the south Carolina and his grandparents used to live in north Carolina where we were. So yeah. How
SPEAKER_R: mm.
SPEAKER_L: are the restrictions down there?
SPEAKER_R: Um Well, for the most part, you just have to wear a mask when you go inside of a building. That's pretty much the restrictions
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Everything pretty much back open down there or
SPEAKER_R: for the most part. Yeah. Mhm,
SPEAKER_L: we were we were doing pretty good and then all of a sudden I guess we are spiking again and they have shut back down the movie theaters and they're restricting like everything has to be closed by 10 p.m. and I have a feeling we're gonna shut back
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: down completely again. So sure.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: I hope, but I mean it's for people's safety, so I understand.
SPEAKER_L: it is. And I've actually heard that there's other countries right now that are shut down for six weeks. It's a mandatory shutdown. And I actually heard they're talking about doing that here in the States. I hope that's not true. I don't know how that would work. But
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah, that's that's a long time. six weeks.
SPEAKER_L: it is. I had to quarantine for two weeks when I came back from florida. As soon as you get off the airplane, you have to sign a form, you have to quarantine. And I did that for two weeks. But let me tell you before I left, I went shopping and stacked up on all my groceries. And it was still hard to just stay in the house knowing you couldn't go anywhere for two weeks. So I couldn't imagine six weeks. That's a long time. In
SPEAKER_R: long
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And it's not like, okay, I stacked up for your groceries, but you can only get so much milk. You know, there's certain things like fruits and stuff that go bad over a certain period of time. So I'm like, how to say it worked for six weeks because I don't like a lot of like overly processed stuff. So I'm not a fan of like frozen inbox. I'd prefer like fresh fruits and vegetables and like how would that work for people like that? But just need to be able to at least three up, you know, every couple weeks. Strange. So do you have any pads?
SPEAKER_R: Um No, I don't have any pets. How about you?
SPEAKER_L: I do. I have one cat. He's 20 years old and that's it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, you had a dog a long time ago, but he died, he got hit by a car, so,
SPEAKER_L: Oh, sorry dear. That that's what he said. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm okay. And then I had a cat for like a couple of weeks. And then yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: was kind of like a mom to the cat because I didn't know it, but it was pregnant. I didn't know it at the time, so I was just feeding and taking care of it and then um I let it go. But um like a few weeks later I saw the cat and it's kidding. So I was like okay, it was pregnant. Like I didn't know that until later.
SPEAKER_L: well, it's probably good that you didn't have it when it had its kittens because anybody had to contend with the kittens too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but that's a good experience, you know, helping out with the cat and you know, taking care of it for a little bit. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I couldn't imagine I'll be devastated when I when my camp finally passes away. I mean he's pretty old for a cat so I know I can't have them too much longer, but he was my first adopted animal and he would probably be my last, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: So you've never had it like any dogs or anything?
SPEAKER_L: Um, when I was growing up we had dogs. I'm not a dog fan. I've been bit several times. So yeah, I don't know, a little more cautious about dogs. So I'm more of a cat person. They're much my speed. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I love cats. I love how cute they are, You know?
SPEAKER_L: They are. And you know, people say they don't have personnel and it's just not true. I've owned several cats and they're very, very individual and unique. So just like a human. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. We have a lot of personality.
SPEAKER_L: they absolutely do. Like mine is extremely spoiled and by the way, if he wakes up, you're going to hear him because he's very vocal and he will come out me out because he wouldn't want me to feed him. He's so old that every time he wakes up and comes into the living room he starts me allowing him usually he wants to treat or something to eat because he thought old, I just give him whatever he wants because he's very spoiled. So yeah. Yeah. So what do you do for entertainment?
SPEAKER_R: Um I don't really do too much. Kind of like, I guess you were saying I go for walks like walks in the park like that.
SPEAKER_L: Cool. Me too. Yeah. I love,
SPEAKER_R: we're watching Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I do a lot of hiking. I love to hike.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, yeah. Like I get to. Mm
SPEAKER_L: You know, I recently, my, my brother in law, he still lives down in the Carolina region and he's been posting a lot of photos. He's been going to look at waterfalls and stuff, which I was unaware you guys had very many of those down in the Carolina region.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Well, I haven't really seen too many over here, so I'm not really sure where they are.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I wasn't aware, but I only lived down there for About six months. It wasn't very long. And for some reason I lost visual
SPEAKER_R: You lost
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: visual.
SPEAKER_L: I can hear you but I don't see you.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I wonder why that happened. I'm not really sure why that happened.
SPEAKER_L: I don't I don't know. It's got like a headphone in the top right of my screen and then there's like a silhouette of a man on my screen. But it's great out with a black screen. It's very strange. I've not had this happen before.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, me either. This is my fourth time doing this and this never happened for me. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: Mm This is my third time. I did have a technical sound issue with the last person I was speaking with, we had to refresh our screens but that's okay. I think as long as we can hear each other, we're okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, Hopefully that'll be fine.
SPEAKER_L: I would think so. We're continuing on and we really only have another eight minutes. Oh, there you are. I see you now. I don't know what happened. That was very weird.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Just a glitch. You know, technology. You know how that can be sometimes.
SPEAKER_L: Absolutely. That's okay. As long as we got through it. So
SPEAKER_R: Hurt.
SPEAKER_L: this is the fourth time you've done this.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You're you're my fourth one. The fourth person I've talked to. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Are you my fourth? You might be my fourth, my third of my fourth. No, I've got no, I've done it three times, so yeah, you are also my fourth person, yep. Yeah, and I believe we can do this six times or seven.
SPEAKER_R: I think they changed it to seven. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: it's kind of cool. Like I said, it's nice to just see people from different areas. Every person I spoke to has been a different age, different locations, so it's kind of cool.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I love it. Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Oh by the way, I didn't get your age, so I don't know about how, how old you are.
SPEAKER_R: I'm 29.
SPEAKER_L: Okay, so you're in your twenties, So I've spoken to three
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: people in their twenties that have been going to college in one person that was my age, so
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. Same. Same for me. I've spoken to like a lot of young people, so Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I've only had one other person that was my age and which is fine because you know, it's pretty cool. The first person I spoke to, even though she was only 20 years old, we have like so much in common. It was kind of crazy. So it, it just goes to show it doesn't matter who you are, you can still have commodity and you know, really have things together and it's kind of cool. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Um So for the election, did you vote? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I did not because I am really not a fan of either option that we had. So, and I know that I'm part of the problem by not voting, but I just couldn't bring myself to, there was just no candidate that I felt was viable that represented me. So I just, I couldn't do that. I think our world is a hot mess when it comes to the presidency and I don't think there's good things coming either way. Unfortunately. That's just my opinion though. Yeah. Did you vote?
SPEAKER_R: Actually, I've never voted before and I didn't vote this time either.
SPEAKER_L: Got you? Yeah. This was this was really hard year. It was really hard and I was really I'm really upset still because I just like I said, I think bad things are still coming for us. Unfortunately I try to be positive but I feel like I'm not being but you know I really am positive. I want the best outcome for for us obviously. But
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, I just hope for the best.
SPEAKER_L: no, I absolutely do. I just I don't know, I look at our world. Mhm. No.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I hope, I hope everything works out. I've heard a lot of good things about joe biden, but I mean, you never know until they get in the office and do stuff so we don't know until, you know later on. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I know that no matter what happens, I really do hope
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: that trump is officially gone because I I just couldn't stand behind him. He doesn't represent me as a female. My daughter
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: is biracial, I just feel that he is not a representation of her. You know, I just I'm not ingredients of the things that comes out of that man's mouth. He just can't be my representatives. So I think he's going to be out of office, but there's no guarantee because God knows what could happen. So Yeah, but I have my fingers crossed. Yeah. Uh Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I heard he didn't take it too well about possibly losing and he he tried to like fight against it so I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, he's definitely fighting it. So I I don't know, I mean how far his reach and his money will take him, but he's going to try. So me personally just concede and graciously transfer power, but that's not how it's gonna work. So
SPEAKER_R: Yeah if only it were that easy you know? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: should be, I mean the people have spoken so they should honor what we the people of you know, voted so, but
SPEAKER_R: So um do you have an idea of when we find out the outcome?
SPEAKER_L: won't be until january. Yeah, I I don't think they swear in the next president of the end of january and I think that there's so much going on in the courts that um it's probably not going to be, I mean they they have kind of unofficially said biden has one but they won't transfer power until the end of january. So yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I didn't know it was that far away. I don't know
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. They don't do those ceremony until january. So we have, you know, a couple of months where
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: I don't know what he's going to try to do but I know, you know, I've seen on the news that he's already, you know, instituting legal repercussions and what not. So I'm sure it'll be a big stink because he doesn't do anything quietly. I'm sorry. So but I guess we'll find out. We just have to wait and see. I mean I'll be interested to see if it changes the whole covid thing also.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah me too mm.
SPEAKER_L: Again, it's just that one day at a time wake up and see what's going on.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah keep keeping our fingers crossed you know. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: for the best hopes for the best for our world. That's why all we can do do our part to be kind and responsible and respectful to others and I don't know,
SPEAKER_R: yep. Um So do you go to church?
SPEAKER_L: I do not. Um I have to say that when I got pregnant was very young, I did go to church regularly at that point. Um, but because I have my daughter out of wedlock, the catholic church told me that I couldn't go to the church anymore, so I just stopped going, I was like, you know what, I still believe in God, but I I think it's very hypocritical and I don't believe that God said, oh because you have a child out of wedlock, you can't be in heaven and you can't believe in me. I don't believe that I believe I can worship from home or anywhere. I don't need to be in an establishment. So average since I happen and granted it was a long time ago, different day and age, but I still believe that I can have my beliefs and communicate in my own home. So yeah. Yeah. You
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: do. You
SPEAKER_R: Um I haven't been for a while but I just started going back because I have a cousin he's a preacher and he invited me to his church so I went like a couple weeks ago and it was pretty it was pretty nice, it was about five or six people there but it was pretty nice
SPEAKER_L: also small little establishment then by the sounds of it,
SPEAKER_R: mm Well I guess it was only a couple of people because of the coronavirus, so not many people. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah. I forgot, yeah. That they haven't gone back to full capacity yet. Have they
SPEAKER_R: No I don't think so. No.
SPEAKER_L: catch to which see you again. I don't understand why we can go to walmart, can't go to church. You know, I just, sorry, just, there's so much about this whole situation. I don't get, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it doesn't make sense.
SPEAKER_L: no, you know, it really doesn't just like, okay, there's a time and imposed of 10 o'clock for us up here. And it's like, oh, so covid goes to bed and after
SPEAKER_R: People,
SPEAKER_L: that, you know, I,
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: I just, I don't understand it that.
SPEAKER_R: It's kind of confusing
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, a little bit because
SPEAKER_R: if.
SPEAKER_L: everybody has different rules and stipulations and it's like, okay. Should be the same everywhere. Just um, yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: and then I heard that people are kind of like mad at trump because in other parts of the world um the coronavirus is kind of lower than the United States so they're blaming him for that.
SPEAKER_L: Well I can't testify because I'm not there. I don't know. But I do know what I see in the news and they did say that he downplayed it for quite a while. You know, he didn't bring attention to it and he didn't do anything about it for quite a while. So I mean, have we been a little more proactive? Maybe the situation wouldn't be as dire as it is right now. I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: it's kind of ironic that he downplayed it because you know him and his wife that they got it eventually
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, but that was more recent though. I mean, I think that was what last month, last month or the month before
SPEAKER_R: it could have been. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: and even so I mean he has like the best care you could possibly have. You know, he's got a full team and he's got like stuff that you and I would never be privy to. So, you know, I don't think that that can be on the same playing field.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Well I was just saying I was just saying he should have took it more seriously, and that's what I was saying. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I do agree. I mean, I understand he didn't want to worry the general public and he, you know, didn't want fear, but knowledge is key and its power. So you have to share what, you know, and you know, if you can say, hey, start wearing a mask, if we would have done that a while ago, would our numbers be a lot less, you know? So I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: So do you wear a mask when you go places?
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I knew.
SPEAKER_R: That's good, yep.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I don't know very many places. I go out and get groceries probably once a week, But yes, I always, when I'm in public, I definitely wear a mask unless I'm outside where there are not other people, but I do not like I see people riding bikes with a mask or jogging with a mask and I'm just like, no, that's too much. I don't think it's quite that necessary, but if you're around other people then yes. Absolutely.
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Yeah, that's good. Yeah. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: mm.
SPEAKER_R: Okay. Um well, I've been keeping track of time. We're at 27 minutes, right, I believe.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah I think you're right. I think we're I think we are yet so I guess we are all set. Well
SPEAKER_R: I think so.
SPEAKER_L: it was a pleasure to meet you. Good luck finishing everything and happy life.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. Same to you.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Have a great day. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I think we're supposed to leave this open, Right, So I'm gonna leave mine open. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Oh no we can close this. The other screen had to be open.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, we can close the thing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah our window we can close we just have to go back to the other screen and finish the questionnaire.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I've been leaving it open the whole time, but I'll go ahead and close the video part.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah and I've closed it every time and I've gotten paid I closed the video and then I go back to the other page where we clicked on to get to the video and then I complete the questionnaire and close out everything. So
SPEAKER_R: I'm glad you told me that. Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: yeah I've always close this window out but you do what you're comfortable with I'm going to close it so just, just know that I'm closing it and continuing on. But you do whatever you think is beneficial to you.
SPEAKER_R: Okay, I'll close it. All right, bye.
SPEAKER_L: Have a great day.
SPEAKER_R: You too.
SPEAKER_L: Thank you. Bye bye.