Good morning,
good, How are you?
Okay? And that's good.
Um I'm in north Carolina
or did you like it?
Oh, well it's cold right now, so I'm freezing,
Yeah. No, no, no.
Um no, I joined the military and I lived in texas for a few years, so that's what I've been to.
Oh yeah, I bet.
Oh
Air Force
Um I did the full eight years and then I got up. Mhm.
You're welcome.
No.
Uh no, I don't have any Children. Not right now, but maybe in the future.
Yeah. What about you? Any
Children?
see the visitor often. The other one.
Oh, that's good.
Well, okay.
so um is she doing better now?
mm hmm.
Um um well I was friends with a girl in high school and her dad, he had it and he died from it, so yeah,
and
it is. Uh Right, yeah.
Um Well I go to school, I go to Liberty University Online.
Um My senior year. Yeah,
hopefully by next year I have a bachelor's degree in Psychology.
Thank you.
Yeah. What about you? What do you do?
What?
So do you like it, the whole survey thing? Are you liking it?
Okay.
Um I do it pretty much maybe like five or six days a week, so pretty often, Yeah.
Jack,
Yeah, why don't really interact with a lot of people doing surveys? I just um answer a lot of questions.
Mhm.
And
I'm like a snowblower to get rid of it too, you know
mhm Oh, that's good, you know,
so um for new york, is it like a safe place to live?
I've heard of it,
No,
Yes, I guess it's getting worse maybe, I don't know.
yeah, well, I don't know if you pray, but I pray a lot to get through all the bad stuff, so maybe you can try that if you don't already do it.
Oh, me too,
I was just about to say that, you know, one day at a time, yep,
no
one
You know?
Right. For your daughter, does she go to school?
yeah, we're gonna put it safe, you know?
I'm north Carolina,
um, eastern Carolina,
I'm not sure either. And I don't
know.
Okay. And I'm like three or 4 hours away from Charlotte I believe.
Um have you heard of Jacksonville? North Carolina?
Well, I'm like an hour away from there. Mhm,
mm.
Um Well, for the most part, you just have to wear a mask when you go inside of a building. That's pretty much the restrictions
for the most part. Yeah. Mhm,
What?
Oh my gosh.
I hope, but I mean it's for people's safety, so I understand.
Right. Yeah, that's that's a long time. six weeks.
long
time.
Um No, I don't have any pets. How about you?
Yeah, you had a dog a long time ago, but he died, he got hit by a car, so,
I'm okay. And then I had a cat for like a couple of weeks. And then yeah, I
was kind of like a mom to the cat because I didn't know it, but it was pregnant. I didn't know it at the time, so I was just feeding and taking care of it and then um I let it go. But um like a few weeks later I saw the cat and it's kidding. So I was like okay, it was pregnant. Like I didn't know that until later.
Yeah, but that's a good experience, you know, helping out with the cat and you know, taking care of it for a little bit. Yeah.
So you've never had it like any dogs or anything?
Yeah. I love cats. I love how cute they are, You know?
Yeah. We have a lot of personality.
Um I don't really do too much. Kind of like, I guess you were saying I go for walks like walks in the park like that.
we're watching Yeah.
Oh, yeah. Like I get to. Mm
Mm. Well, I haven't really seen too many over here, so I'm not really sure where they are.
You lost
visual.
Oh, I wonder why that happened. I'm not really sure why that happened.
Yeah, me either. This is my fourth time doing this and this never happened for me. Mm.
Yeah, Hopefully that'll be fine.
Yeah. Just a glitch. You know, technology. You know how that can be sometimes.
Hurt.
Yeah. You're you're my fourth one. The fourth person I've talked to. Yeah.
I think they changed it to seven. Yes.
Yeah. I love it. Yeah,
I'm 29.
What?
Right. Yeah. Same. Same for me. I've spoken to like a lot of young people, so Yeah. Mhm.
Um So for the election, did you vote? Yeah.
Actually, I've never voted before and I didn't vote this time either.
Mhm. Yeah, I just hope for the best.
Yeah. I hope, I hope everything works out. I've heard a lot of good things about joe biden, but I mean, you never know until they get in the office and do stuff so we don't know until, you know later on. Yeah.
What?
What?
Yeah I heard he didn't take it too well about possibly losing and he he tried to like fight against it so I don't know.
Yeah if only it were that easy you know? Yeah.
So um do you have an idea of when we find out the outcome?
I didn't know it was that far away. I don't know
what
Oh yeah me too mm.
Yeah keep keeping our fingers crossed you know. Mhm.
yep. Um So do you go to church?
Yeah.
Um I haven't been for a while but I just started going back because I have a cousin he's a preacher and he invited me to his church so I went like a couple weeks ago and it was pretty it was pretty nice, it was about five or six people there but it was pretty nice
mm Well I guess it was only a couple of people because of the coronavirus, so not many people. Yeah.
No I don't think so. No.
Yeah it doesn't make sense.
People,
no.
It's kind of confusing
if.
Yeah
and then I heard that people are kind of like mad at trump because in other parts of the world um the coronavirus is kind of lower than the United States so they're blaming him for that.
it's kind of ironic that he downplayed it because you know him and his wife that they got it eventually
it could have been. Yeah.
Right. Well I was just saying I was just saying he should have took it more seriously, and that's what I was saying. Yeah.
So do you wear a mask when you go places?
That's good, yep.
Mm. Yeah, that's good. Yeah. Mhm.
Okay. Um well, I've been keeping track of time. We're at 27 minutes, right, I believe.
I think so.
Thank you. Same to you.
I think we're supposed to leave this open, Right, So I'm gonna leave mine open. Yeah.
Oh, we can close the thing.
Oh, I've been leaving it open the whole time, but I'll go ahead and close the video part.
I'm glad you told me that. Thank you.
Okay, I'll close it. All right, bye.
You too.