can you hear me?
I've had like three people not
show up in a row, I'm so happy to see somebody.
I think my first one, they didn't show up, my second one,
they did my third one, they didn't my fourth one, they did and then they didn't do anything for like a month and a half, I thought they were done. Um But
this is great because like the first couple of times I was so nervous, I actually signed in early So I was waiting even longer. Just and this is the first time signed in and somebody was already there, it was great, it was great. So it's like there's a big difference between a dollar $50 and $20.
Yeah, you step beside, beside the hour, you're already you're focused and it's not actually that bad. I mean I found them to be enjoyable when I did them. Um But yeah, this is great, this is like I don't know the most exciting thing that's happened in train, sitting at home doing nothing.
Oh yeah, I think that both of mine um the women were Um one Girl that lived in a rural area
and her mother was really vulnerable so they hadn't left the house at all and then the other woman, they just moved to florida so they didn't know anyone and she had come from India so they didn't really know anyone where they before they moved either. Um we just went on for like 45 minutes and her kid came and joined us and everything, it was like she was so happy to talk to another woman because she had a husband and sons and all this stuff but she hadn't talked to a woman and ages and you were talking about girl's stomach recipes and where to buy spices when you're in the middle of Florida and all this stuff.
Where do you live?
So that's
kind of right right in the center of the country.
I'm in south Carolina. So I'm on the coast
Um where I live. I mean exactly where I live like a 30 mile radius. It normally skips over us. We still have to do the preparations and sit there and worry. But Like the last five or 6 storms it can be flooding 30 miles away. And I guess we're just like on a high knob they call it the sandhills. So maybe it really is, you know a little bit higher than the rest because I've had to cancel flights before because I couldn't get to the airport. We're on our little island. Um
and all around you know it's flooded, it's underwater but
we
haven't. Yeah it's funny because you could get to Augusta Georgia which is like 20 miles away and you can get to the middle of nowhere. Um That's your only two choices because Colombia that The capital and everything from the coast in and stuff was underwater maybe three or four times in the last 10 years.
But here on the hill and it was fine in our town. Um We're just cut off from everything and I just feel lucky but you know we'll wait and we're watching and we don't have to board up our windows or anything but we have to we'll have lots of animals so you have to collect a lot of water and be prepared. Most people have generators now and or solar.
And I really haven't had an extended power outage since 2014. So I feel really fortunate and there's storms all over. I mean there's how many times Louisiana and texas and everything had been hit in the last year. Um And then they come toward us and they just they split and go around us or just make a little you turn around us. Um So it's tense
waiting for it. But you know we definitely have been super fortunate
in that it's all around and it just doesn't hit us.
you're in tornado alley right?
Oh
it's the only office that I prefer tornadoes because you get lots of warning. I mean I prefer hurricanes and tornadoes. You're like asleep in the middle of the night and then maybe your phone all day. Um Do
you have
storm shelter?
What
no.
no
not you know that.
Yeah but if you've been through a tornado you probably don't worry about stuff that much at the moment. You're just so glad to not be taken off by the tornado. I really I mean I strongly considered it this year. Um I think the only reason I didn't
was
because the companies from Oklahoma in places where you know it's big business to make storm they'll they'll deliver them here but they want to install them
so I'd have to trust you know four different you have the concrete contractor and then the one who is digging out the whole and trust them to place it in right and secure it because your life depends on it. Um And I just can't I can't run a whole project like that and trust that they're gonna do it right and then trying to decide what kind of shelter to get because everything falls on it then you're trapped
under there.
Well
it's their money. They used to
be
criminals now. They have to lock the criminals out.
No I looked at them too.
What?
I'm also scared to do
that. I know I'd poison this. Yeah
if I had like a hill I wouldn't mind like cutting an old old style but it called root cellar into the hill and then lining the walls. But I don't and like I said we're in sand hills so it's like it's just a hell of sand so there's no water table that's for sure. I mean it's at least 200 ft down. Um But still I mean there's things flying around because we only see the pictures of the destruction.
We don't really see the tornadoes. They almost always late at night and we're not used to him yet. Um So in the morning we see the pictures of the house is totally there's nothing left but the foundation. And I have seen a few pictures where there is the foundation and the safe room
that
they built into their house and I can't build one in my house.
And most of the ones that you put outside
you're not allowed to buy them because they're not weather proof, like what are you talking about? Don't you understand it's made for a storm, Did you not think it was gonna be raining? And they're like well we just don't sell them because they're not watertight, I'm not gonna drown in there. Like the brains are gonna come through the little ventilation holes so much that you drown but they won't sell them. But there is a a few companies that do um And it is literally a big
like bank vault and they have like a bench that locks so you can put your valuables, valuables in there. And
and then like I think people also buy them if they're afraid of
mad
max armed intruders coming or something that they use them as like a place to block them because they have gun racks in them and everything. Yeah,
so it's a lot easier that way because it is you know just pouring a concrete slab but then they're just screwing it down there on the concrete slab and I just have to see them surviving stores before. I believe it because Those things are so powerful, they live just lift up 18 wheelers, they rip anything, they just like
they can pick anything up and I'm thinking are those eight screws really going to hold if the tornado hits? And I know most of it's to protect you from the flying debris and I think they would do that. Um
So
I'm pretty close to doing it because it was really bad. This april, we had a few tornadoes that came in and they travel for miles are not just Touching down. So one traveled for about 25 or 30 miles
and
it took out everything in its path.
But like you said it's real precise. Had one client who took out the back of their house, the garage, the addition, the front of the house was still but everything from the back, the big oak tree with swing on it, you know, there have been there for five generations. It went all the way through their farm, took out all the fences, took out timber, took out the ponds, took out the barns. Um and that was after it hit the ground 40 minutes earlier and a nuclear bomb plant. People are bombed flat. First things aren't built for it here because we're not in tornado alley, it's just shifted. Um
So I mean you guys are just like it's a tornado and we're like we're all gonna die A
yeah you can't see them and it could just decide to come out of the air right where you are. You know and and the phones like I have several phones so it was the middle of the night you couldn't see it and the phones start going off and then people who have weather radios were texting me and they're like it's on the ground, it's right near you. And it's like why even tell me what am I going to do about it? Because I live in a trailer. It's like get in the closet. I'm like okay that's like being outside except for you're not getting wet. My closet is not going to protect me from anything. So I called up like 10 different companies and like I had all these tabs open for weeks so I could compare them until they got back to me. And one company sounded really good. They're really willing to do everything, but they want to install it. So I lost interest because the weather moved on and you know, we forgot, but we get them here mostly in the winter and the spring as opposed to the hurricane season. Um, so it won't happen again. I mean we get them around christmas and we had one that was about three miles wide and it went from the middle of Georgia all the way into south Carolina about six years ago. And it was so weird because when you drove by it's just like you said, there'd be like wiped out, wiped out house, perfectly fine, wiped out, wiped out. Just this long trench where
it dug up all the trees, it dug up like five ft of the topsoil but some houses were just still sitting there
and some were completely wiped away so I'm scared to be you know under the ground to. Um But the safe rooms I think that's what I'll do. They have one that's it's pretty affordable and it's round it's shaped like an egg or a bullet. So the wind really goes around it And they make them for one person and you could get ordering through home depot which is everywhere. Um So I may do that. It sounds silly like you're going out and getting your bullet
but when
it's actually happening if
you had
because you see the pictures and everything is always wiped out except for that propane tank. It's just sitting there right where it was you know because it's round so it really does things
zing off of it and the wind goes around it. Um I'm just worried since I live in a trailer, I'm worried about the whole trailer getting picked up and dropped on like the witch and the What sort of, because I've had my roof waking up before and it just lifted it up quiet as can be flipped it through the air, twisted it into a helix and dropped it like 20 ft in the middle of my yard, missing everything didn't land on the cars and land on the well house. But it was just such an awesome powerful thing. I never heard a thing. I was in the house, I just felt this one bump and it was until I got
out of the bath tub to go look and saw my roof in the backyard, that I even knew what happened.
But
obviously.
because it's the shape of it. It's like if something, something would probably crack and split,
you know, instead of landing flat because
the ones underground, they're aware of it. And so they tell you to buy a jack and then you can jack the door open. But you know the awesome power of a car landing right on the door. I'm not going to jack the car up and we don't have that strong cell phone signals. So if, if I was inside of one of those things, I can't call for help and we don't really get help that fast
because it's a very rural area and it's unknown. I mean when my roof came out, I did call the police and they sent police out here. I'm like, why? It's too late. I mean it came, it's gone. I'm just reporting it because I thought you just reported so they could warn other people and they're like, well stay on the phone. I'm like, I can't, you know, it's still a landline. I'm like, I think lightning and phones are bad. And then I saw them in my neighbor's yard like they went up the wrong driveway and she calls me back and she like, we can't find you. I'm like, okay, have them turn around, do they see the house with the roof in the backyard? That's me. But all they told me to get my car and go somewhere safe where uh
the
indicating
I lived in Alabama for three years, which is like Oklahoma, it's part of tornado alley. So they had sirens
and I live very close to the big stone university that had, you know, big basements and big stone buildings. So when you heard the sirens, you could be in one of those basements in five minutes or less.
and that was much less stressful because
everybody had a plan and they knew
and if you lived away
from town they had this big underground
like
plastic ones,
but I couldn't get in those turns out I'm claustrophobic.
Their new,
but they have like 10 or 20 people in there and it's all human and the pressure is like really low and they got their stinky dogs and there's crying babies and it's just really hard to stay in and there's something fell on that then you're trapped in a
Plastic
bubble 15 ft underground.
Do I worry too much
for him?
Yeah. It does. I mean when I moved to auburn and heard the sirens, you know, not growing up with them when I was young, um, we had sirens like every Wednesday. They were still cold war. So the nuclear, the vaster sirens drill on Wednesdays and you'd hear him on Wednesdays, but you know, I guess you're used to that and plus you're a kid, so you didn't really have a concept of
what that meant. But I think I prefer the sirens to no sirens because they go off
at the first alert. Although I didn't, I wasn't aware that the cell phones
were so effective too. I also didn't know what to do because I didn't know how to google like a live weather report. I was coming up with reports of two or three years ago in the closet trying to figure out what's going on. Um, but I did practice. It's just amazing how quickly you can forget
like
when you're in the closet, you're like, I'm calling first thing in the morning, I'm getting a storm shelter. I don't care how much it cost, you know, and then as time goes by, you can get less and less worried about it. But when you're in the moment you do anything and anybody that had like a lot of money in any sense would start a storm shelter company and send out ads for all those people in their closets
because they'd all by right, then that's
the
last time I'm in the closet,
25%
off storm special. You know, it doesn't matter what you could add, 25%. I would have paid twice as much that day, but by the time you can actually get a storm shelter,
the fear is worn off and you're starting to feel lucky again.
But the way they're just so unpredictable and they can jump just form and jump out of the sky with no warning. I dislike that because of the hurricanes, partially
the fact that I've never had any hurricane damage makes that seem easier and I'm not in a flood zone. Um
like that's something I think we go to look at it after it's over, like you drive somewhere to to see the river flooded or something, But I've never been directly in the path of like a category four and have it hit either, I certainly see what they've been doing. Um but I'm nowhere near any water.
My
house is blow away but it doesn't happen in five minutes.
I've only,
I don't
twitter never used
to it.
Well
yeah, that would be great because
I mean,
yeah, I'll do that because I have a twitter account, I mean I definitely signed up for it and 2014 I just never used it. But you
can also look at it even without an account
and news. I
mean news used to travel really fast like on facebook people would but now they just don't use it for that anymore. But twitter is where most people went. So that's a really good idea. I just um you know I know I'm in the zone where probably
not going to happen right now. This would be a really good time to do something about it. Just yeah You need that sort of push so it really hits 10 10 miles away again. Um At least I know I probably have decided on which one I probably would get that egg even though they have the bigger ones.
I just don't I don't feel like a square box
is going to handle the car falling on it as well as
a cylinder. I mean we already sort of, no the cylinder just works better as far as being structurally sound.
And then they just have to pour one pad
and then they just have to bolt it onto the pad. But even if that thing broke off the pad or it tipped over or something I think you'd be better. The walls of the trailer. I think one thing that was holding me back was the door opens out so if it does fall over something gets shoved up against it You're not getting out of there. And if it's in the summer I mean it could be 110°
in the sun and then you're in a little metal box in the sun. Um
But
it's much less likely for something to shove
up
against that door. But
I could design one because some of them have a sliding door. There's no reason you can't have a sliding door in a cylinder just have a cylinder door. So I guess I was kind of hoping they just make that one little design tweak. So it had a sliding door in a cylinder
advisory warning. Yeah
I mean
it could just slide in tracks like a like a track door.
It's like they have the you know the big like handles it bolt on and locked to keep them closed. Um But
you know having to push the door out, it's just not going to happen if your car is there and the way you know I've seen them just pick things up and move them like like it's a toy like it wants to play with things, it just let's go. They could anything could land anywhere and that's you know there are cars parked here, that's part of it in the electrical lines and and that was um but I only get I've only seen after, so it's hard to tell what's happening during a tornado and it's hard for scientists to tell too because you really can't be prepared for when one is going to get, you
know, they can see it far
away
and
yeah, and everyone around here was pretty much of the same thought that you know, when it's your time, it's your time
and
you just have to kind of go with it and I'm like, well does that come from them not having any options? Because you know, you kind
of have to be like that if you don't have it because in Alabama, they were like,
if it's your time getting the storm shelter, you know, you may have to do that every week during the season, but it's not really your time just because there's a tornado because they happen all the time. So everybody is used to
it and they have plan B. But you're saying that in Oklahoma now are, I'm not surprised if a tornado hits the people sort of have that attitude also.
yeah and it's so fast, you have enough time to like worry and berate yourself for not doing anything about it while you're huddled down for that hour. But
then
when they hit like it is over so fast that the healing, it begins telling yourself, okay, well that probably lowers my odds for the next five years. I mean, how
could that happen again? Like? Probably pretty likely you're like right where all the winds like to go. I mean I I lost my rib twice, so you know, I am in a micro climate that likes to funnel the winds up the hill. Um
hang on. You froze.
no,
that's
really true because when I was in the closet googling like tornado and I tried using the date, you know,
so I could find out what the tornado news was then. Not from two or three years ago, I got so many hits from like every two or three years, April 13, the same day, the same month, You know, because I was trying to Google specifically so I would get that instant information, but I'm like April 13 17 and 14 in 2011 tornadoes have come through. So it was like every few years pretty predictable and I was kept getting the wrong results because it was so often. But sitting there, I didn't remember them from those other years and I certainly didn't remember april as being a dangerous month, but apparently it is because I was googling at hiding in the closet coming up with the wrong years over and over again. Um And I know christmas when new people move here, they're like christmas, what are you talking about? Oh yeah december is like a big month. No And then December will come and there's always one somewhere like within 50
miles enough to get your attention. Um And they're like wow that's really true. But I have a new neighbor that they built a basement and I don't know why they don't build basements in the south. I think it's really hard to keep the water from seeping in and structurally they just want to collapse But they just kept throwing money into it until the walls would stay up. So they have like a 5600 square foot basement.
So
we were fine. Yeah we were fine with that because she's pretty close until the pandemic came and then it's like well you can't get in a basement a bunch of other people. But since it's so big we figure we actually can get in the basement if we wear masks and be
57 5 over there they got hit on this right away. They were still
building when they lost trees and their band of their driveway and building materials were and that were in the garage were dragged out Like 500 ft and there were trees that have just been bombed all over. And the weather services saying Oh no that's not a tornado that's something else that are like well we don't know what else it is but we can't have that happening. It was just and it was just all over it was like the end of the driveway and then near the new construction of the house and then over here and over there and some trees were just picked up and then jammed down like lawn darts again and the stuff in the garage. You know it's like a magic magnet. I just dragged it from the pressure. Just dragged
it across the grass and through trees and everything
and they're like well that's interesting
but it was too late for them to leave so they were stuck. Mhm.
Okay let's quickly think of something pleasant and good. We didn't get hit by any hurricanes.
There have been many this summer and both of us have been spared.
That's good. That's nice.
Does it makes it seem like 2020
is going to be over faster? Yeah. Yeah it's been
not even
cold yet.
It had a happy new year and may we have 2021
be much better. Although I don't know why it would be.
Well
yeah that's definitely you have to knock on wood territory now surprisingly it can always get worse. He said oh well you know we didn't we were the hurricane missed us. Well they could do better. We can have two hurricanes in the gulf at the same time. But
wait
there's more yeah
it can definitely get worse. I mean it could be worse if I had to go out there all the time but at least I get to stay home most of the time we're I'm in control of the worst. Only I can't control is the tornadoes. But I could if I had that shelter a little bit more. Yeah.
Yeah it might be it just had some kind of contract and said oh yeah don't worry I can I can oversee that whole project. You just sit back and don't worry and hand us money then I would feel better. Um and maybe I'll do that. Maybe I'm re energized to do that.
Well that's
it was super talking to you
and
we have to fill out our half hour with the survey things, but it was great talking to you and yeah, would be great if this motivated me to get back on the, get a storm shelter thing while I'm at home and I have time because I can do that. I really can.
It is and maybe that actually show up because they need the money. Everything. Nice
meeting you.
Bye bye.