So who's your last visit? two guys out uh Mhm.
I can hear you. Yeah.
But
dear. That happened to me one time and it was my first one. So then I was scared to do anymore, you know? Because I had to that was back when they first started them and they didn't really have a system in place for getting the payments out for people who didn't show up. I had to fight for what uh for whatever it was so that I did I don't wanna do it again for a while.
No.
Mhm.
Yeah. Yeah. So she says you have to be here anyway. Right.
I know there have been a couple of them. I didn't wanna I didn't really want it to end because you know anyone to talk to.
Job.
Oh that's funny.
I'm in Oklahoma,
we
have a little of everything. Where are you?
Some weather, haven't you?
Given
the
month
how loud?
See? Yeah.
He's
Mhm. The victim jesse.
That's good. We get tornadoes here which
kind of stressed. Yeah. I
think if I have a choice between tornadoes or hurricanes, I would prefer the tornadoes because they come and they go so fast. You know, you don't have that build up of watching it on the radar come in for two weeks or whatever.
that's
not really
um Now a lot of people I would, it used to be a thing. Everybody had to have a storm shelter, but I think people have just kind of gotten away from it, decided to take their chances. You see a lot of people now they'll stand out there and take pictures
of the tornado was coming through. I think they figured out they're just gonna hit just a very small space, you know and everybody else is going to be fine. So it's just you know if when it's your time to go it's your time to go and unfortunately most people
aren't that stupid. They will get in this in the center of their house, um are under a stairwell or in a closet or in a bathroom. And even in a worst case scenario
where it hits your house, it will usually take off the outside
but it will leave that core standing. And so most people survive even a direct hit, you know which you know, you survive, you lose everything but at least you know you have a chance to start over. So uh.
that's
why.
Irene.
People
safe rooms where you put it like in the garage or in a central location but it's uh they're using them, what they're really popular for right now is the marijuana shops because they'll at night they'll put all the merge in in there and lock it up and it
is just about impossible to break into or out of. Yeah, but but yeah,
I
said
yeah they call them safe rooms, it has a double meaning because it's really like you're inside of a save and they
that's that's kind of what people are moving to instead of having to dig a hole because then you know around here we're so close to the water line that um your storm shelter will flood or you'll get all kinds of creepy crawlies down
in there, you know? Remember grandma grandma used to be terrified of storms, shelf of storms. So she always had a storm shelter and then she would use it for canning and stuff, you know? But we don't do as much of that anymore. So. And the moonshine.
What?
see these old guys, especially out uh Kentucky and those places, you know, and they'll have their moonshine down there.
No.
You
see
you bring up
Boys before the resources.
Constant.
Those with me.
The
school.
The arrival of people around here. You're funny.
Like,
there's
some
And that's
what?
No,
Yeah.
Oh, we get scared. I mean, you know, you get bravado going on because you just don't want to be scared all the time. But yeah, I mean when the sirens are going off, it's scary. I don't, I don't care. You just don't get used to that. You know the idea that it could come along any minute and suck it up.
Thanks
him.
I
think
and around
what happens to them.
All
Thanks.
Oh my goodness. Yeah.
Hey, if you had that bullet, you know, especially you would probably take your food in there
with you. So worst case scenario, even if the house landed on you, you could at least get someone's attention before it got two days.
What?
And
You
If you
would,
yeah, that would obviously Right
two
Security. Three months. It's
all the
800
I
one
of the
month
we're plan
12.
Help
center
White.
Well,
it doesn't hurt to be prepared. You were talking about the tornado sirens. I moved about 20 years ago. I moved for just a short period of time to upstate New York And up there, they don't get a lot of tornado. So they use those systems for the volunteer fire department. And so, uh, they have, they'll have a one or two firemen at the station, you know, to bring the truck out and then everybody else is on volunteer fire. Well, they do get paid, but they're just on call. And so when they hear those um, sirens, they slapped these blue lights on their cars and off they go to wherever they're told to go to. So I was up there and all of a sudden tornado sirens are going off and I realized I had no idea what what to do. Yeah. Like there's no, you know, there's no low spot where what do I do And then you took me a while to get used to that.
nick
yesterday.
I actually
so
that.
What
I
do
give you a discount
if you buy right now.
Have
as good
black
it.
that's
good.
I like to go on twitter when all the storms I can go on around here. The hashtag is okay W. X. Um I would imagine out there it's probably like S. C. W. X. And
people
pick
what's
going on and I mean it's like on the ground updates it's faster than the weatherman can get it out there. In fact
the weather.
I don't
I mean I don't like post on twitter or anything but I use it for stuff like that. Or if there's a any kind of really interesting news story and figure out what the hashtag is and follow that. It's faster than the news can get it out.
didn't
and
what?
lot.
We'll take some shots
No, no
thanks.
How just about sir
being
And this
Right. We're
headed
how to
get
like,
On the inside,
the inside
and
Contador. Yeah.
Money.
No.
So
often that are the,
you know, they can't even see it. They just have to look at what happened the next day and go from there.
Something to
hurt.
This
what
But
Yeah. Well, like I said, they have, we have that attitude when it's not happening, you know, get real brain. It's a whole other story where there's actually a storm going on.
Just
what?
Hi,
it looks like every few years because we'll have yeah
Or a period of four or 5 most like shifts and it moves to a different pocket or something. I don't know what changed. It's
very
strange.
sorry
come on.
You
get
its urgency.
Second.
From
No,
that's not
that's scary.
Thanks you.
sir.
Yeah, I saw somebody put up their christmas lights over here last week and normally I get kind of irritated when people put up, you know, start christmas before it's even Halloween, but I was really glad to see them when I was a thing to normal I've seen in a long time.
I think
merry
christmas?
No.
Who?
Right well see I won't
say get worse because we know that's not true.
That's
me.
there's always earthquake.
that will be your christmas present to yourself.
Mhm. They're
writing a reason this came up
and I was scared
to believe
and you'll be stimulating small business in your area so that that's a good thing, so
you like
doing
bye.