Mhm. Okay mm. Okay. Okay. Yeah yeah. Mhm. Yeah yeah. Mhm. Yeah yeah yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm Mhm. Mhm. With the rate control? Mhm. She's stupid with no. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm Because mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah description Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. That's right yeah yeah. Mhm. Yeah.
I'm doing well, how about yourself? Can you hear me all?
got it.
So what are you tutoring
for
yourself?
Planet
So
are
Are you tutoring for like local students or people? Uh 2nd language?
I kind of want to write it that. What's the name of the Crumbly? Oh Cambly
What?
All right, let me tell you if that applies or not here's why I'm so interested. Not directly for me but my parents are learning to speak spanish yeah
and they you know they got all
the textbooks and the Rosetta Stones and all that stuff, they've been practicing with each other and through Youtube and through everything and anything app related, anything online. But for them, the biggest issue is that they're looking for somebody to actually have a conversation, like a native spanish speaker to have a conversation with and
I'm wondering,
no, no. So
specifically
and vanished. Yeah, I'm
wondering
why not?
All
Got it.
I know, I know, but I figured I'll ask because I've never heard of such a, you know, of that particular company, but I'm like, huh, maybe.
That's
everybody is like that, I think.
Absolutely.
Excellent,
Excellent. That's a great win win.
No,
Oh, that sounds like a fun job.
No, I don't personally satisfaction of it probably.
Yeah. So you see
your animal is cats mostly?
What
what area
of the country are you in?
san Francisco, bay area.
So why
you haven't been there during the summer then? Huh? Yeah,
probably
humidity? Right.
I'm in san Jose. Yeah. So yeah.
gosh.
Talk
about
heated
summer.
Whoa!
What what made you get out?
Yeah, I've
been there. Hm.
No.
Well
honestly if you were to go to like, you know, if you were to go back to your roots like in Fresno Orland park or even Joshua tree, it would not be that expensive. It's just you know northern like you know bay area and then southern California san Diego L. A. That's the that's
what,
I've
seen in your background like you have like a something that looks like a greenhouse or
that is a lot
but it
could feed
you for a while though.
Well that sounds amazing. So you kind of like self sustaining a little bit.
You
win?
so I actually, so I live in san Jose but I used to live in san Francisco and when I did live in san Francisco I was probably three miles away.
No
not at all. Not at all.
But
I'll tell you I, you know before I moved to san Francisco I really wanted to be in san Francisco and then once I lived there for about three years I got so fed up with that city to tell you the truth it's just it's hard, it's not that it's hard but it's really it's lonely you know people are
Like if you're there for like you know the purpose of like let's say studying or specifically working or specifically doing something but just living there like building a life there is so
difficult.
Thank you.
Well it's okay like you know it's like like I said you know before I lived in san Francisco I really wanted to be there once I was there I was like I'm over
it. I
feel like
well I've been here for 20 years I mean I went to high school here you know and then I went you know I went to San Jose high here you know and then I went to a couple of community colleges like foothill d. And I'm not sure if that those names thing to you. Um Then I went to SAn Jose State University and then in college I moved to SAN that's when I would move to san Francisco.
So
you have
local.
Well that area yeah it's really nice. I wonder though if you stay there long term I do eventually get jaded
out of it like you know
Um I'd actually work at a dental office yes and when you are talking about the mass because I'm like yeah
I know you know
there's nothing you can do. We
have
we actually we have fans going all the time which is a good thing based on CDC recommendations. They're like well have an airflow to prevent accumulation of aerosols or whatever else it helps with that, but also that's the only way we can do it. We have the A. C. Cranked up, there's just it's like a cycle because you get sweating underneath. Then you get kind of flustered that you're sweating okay, they cannot be under the mask but you know, they can see your forehead and you kinda get flustered that and it is just like a cycle, you know, well there and there's just no way and you know, not only the mask, we have, you know, a face shield, so it's not like it's everything else is open air. No, it's also sealed up and then we have these like paper gowns that we have to wear that are not breathable because you can't, you know, their water impermeable.
yeah, we were like a hair thing too.
I agree. I agree. Well, at least, you know, the, you know, you're dealing with, you know, more animals or you know there, you know when you have to deal with patients and you have to look professional and all you're doing is sweating and read all over the place.
It's
that.
Well for anywhere between the entrance to the office and the opera story, um they wear a mask once they're in the
chair,
you know, we kind of have small talk while they have the mask on. We tell them, hey, all right, we're gonna go ahead, get started with whatever we're doing and then we tell them, okay, you're welcome to remove your mosque. So and
then,
well, we still have them talk because it's difficult in our situations because a lot of people are nervous and they don't want to be there. So there's that aspect of things. Yeah,
or they have to say something. Um our patients are usually pretty numb so not a lot of that. But um yeah there's that aspect of things, they would, you know it's we're not that strict like because we are protected and we have measures to catch all that aerosol
that yeah, so it's not like it's a vacuum room or something. So you know we have these air purifiers in every room, we have these fans that we have in every room. We have these um sections, it's called extra oral suction. So it's like something that kind
of hovers.
that we still have that one and while during the procedure we still have it in there. But any aerosol while they're talking while it could escape, its like, distinct. That kind of hovers on top of the mouth and sections everything extra.
So
we're plus
we're all suited up.
It's unbelievable. It makes such a big difference to us because we we we make it feel safer for ourselves and once we're comfortable and our patients know what we're doing is it's a huge it's a game changer. Yeah.
Yeah. We would not if we have not instituted those kind of maybe over the top measures we would not have returned to work
and the only
it is.
Not a top 10 list you want to be on? Right. Yeah,
I
think
so. I haven't seen the news today. I kind of was like I need a weekend break from all that.
I know
for sure. The first couple of weeks I also found myself really just kind of glued to the TV, you know, once everything shut down like after March 17 or whatever, you kind of, I was sitting there glued. And then the first after the first couple of weeks I just found myself like in a state of anxiety and I'm like, what the hell is going on? I'm not this person, I don't get this way. And then I figured out I was getting wound up by the news and then I just, I made a rule for myself. Yes, I'm gonna watch every day, but I'm literally gonna watch from one commercial break to the other and that's it.
impartial. No, forget about that. It's like whatever, whatever, however you want to feel that day you can pick and choose.
No, no, I'm not. Yes.
Oh yeah, of course.
I
think
it's a pretty good choice to Yeah,
no.
you
catch
yourself
well.
so how many cats do you have at this point?
I'm so
sorry.
I know.
no, not not adoption but kind
of return to where they were.
that's
good.
Well um it was really really nice talking
to you.
Oh that's she's a handsome lady.
I
see
what I
wish you the best of luck. Okay.
I have, I have
I knew
uh for a while now for about a year or so.
wow,
I just like it because it's fair
star.
that's good luck to you and
your newfound cat happiness.
you as well. Thank you so much.
Bye bye.