Hello? Hi, how are you?
Yes I can hear you very well. Sorry I had to come right at six but I was on I have an online tutoring job and I on a committed priority our from 5 to 6 and
you can't switch away or they say that you're shirking your duties. Um So
english and I I just
got
that um it's on it's on Cambly is the website and I'm a substitute teacher too, but now schools
closed and even if it opens I'm not going to go back because I think it's unsafe. So um so I found this job tutoring english online so it it
doesn't
you know
any second language, most of the people I've been talking to um like today one was from Saudi Arabia and the other one was from brazil. But I've talked all over the world now, it's really kind of cool because
Yeah and actually um if I have a referral link I could
send it to you if you I mean if you want to give and if if I send it to you and you end up joining and doing it then I-20 bucks and I need the money so you know.
huh.
What?
up
a conversation within english
in
spanish
Campbell.
Campbell
Campbell is strictly uh teaching people people english strictly
that. But yeah I was thinking I was thinking um you know you could probably there's probably people who are of hispanic descent that speak spanish fluently that are maybe that are on there. I don't know I just don't think it was designed to go in that direction, it was
right for the reverse direction. Yeah.
Well it's not I mean I just kind of happened to I'm on this site that's called Rat race Rebellion and it's for jobs that is that work at home jobs. I've been on for a long time, long before the pandemic and all that. And uh one time this one happened along and I'm thinking that one looks possible, you know, So I did the application process which you know wasn't too much. I have a teaching certificate as a substitute so you know, I could do it. The hardest part for me was this being on video. And I hate my I hate the sound of my voice on tape always
happen.
And and um putting yourself out there on video, it's like okay well it's only the head up baby. I could do this. It took it took me from uh like a month after after I was you know hired so to speak before I actually started doing it because I was like afraid, you know? And now it's like oh I shouldn't waited so long. Um You know the pay is not great but something is better than nothing and
I don't know, I don't have to drive anywhere and they don't send you 10 90 nines. They pay you through Paypal and Paypal. They're not gonna send anybody at 1099 unless they make like 20 grand or more. So for me unreported ble income way to go
way.
Uh not that I want to you know shirt paying my taxes or anything, but it's only $10 an hour. So if you had to pay taxes on that then it wouldn't be worth it anymore.
You know Then I'll just I'll just do my retail job where the net is probably $10 an hour. I work I work at a pet store so.
Mhm. It is. I got it. I got it for fun. initially I didn't get it for the money because I knew it wasn't gonna be high paying, but I'm a really big animal person and the time I got my job I was still married and there was all sorts of trouble and all I wanted to do is get out of the house and most of our troubles came because I'm an animal person and he tolerates it, but just as happy to have them all gone and thought when the last cat went that there wouldn't be any more animals and I came home with two more. So um you know, so I got that job for fun and to be around people who were like minded and and that's why I keep it, it's not because it pays much, it doesn't pay pay that much. But
yeah, yeah because I get to handle little critters and I talked to animal people and they all, you know, if one of the managers, you know, they get somebody who needs help with cat related things. So where's Christie? You know, it's like I'm their resident expert on things cat because that's me.
Well,
I like them all, but as an adult, I settled on cats to have as my, you know, personal choice. But through, through working there, I mean, I've met all sorts of dogs and seem really cool breeds, you know, just people coming in and stuff. So it's, it's a fun, it's a fun outlet nowadays with the whole pandemic thing. I'm, I'm only going in once a week. And because, um, I don't know, it's just really difficult. I don't know how these nurses and doctors and anybody does it, but having those masks on you the whole time is so difficult because you can all sweaty underneath and uh and um a lot of people in the, in retail um there are people out there that don't respect the boundaries that you're supposed to keep, you know like the day alone, I must have said like six or seven times you've got to keep your distance, you
know,
I'm
in Illinois. Where are you? Uh cool, where in California? I grew up
jeez,
I wow, I love san Francisco. Um and
well actually I have but I bet you are summer here is worse than any summer you've ever had there,
but Oh
yeah, definitely. But um used to go to san Francisco and that in the bay Area, Marine County and all of that, that my grandfather lived in Albany California, which is real war by and my great aunt lived in Berkeley, so and I grew up in santa clara. So your sunny,
so I went to cabrio Junior High in Sunny and I went to santa Clara high school For for two years and and then uh then moved to Fresno so that was nothing special.
But I
lived
in, I
lived in California
until I was 25 and I
left Cornea at 25.
got married and he got up somewhere else. So I had to go my mom still there. My mom is in Joshua tree which is um um east of san Bernardino and it's in
you know
but I love California and I would love to be back. We lived in long poke for quite a while to um and my kids went to school in long, hoped for just a very short period of time while we were but I love the state. I just I wish it wasn't in such financial trouble and it wasn't so costly to live there.
You know,
it's
and
anything resembling beach stay a couple hours away from the beach and you might be okay. But, but well my son moved about four years ago when he got married, he moved to Colorado. And so that's actually where I'm going to go next Probably, I don't know, maybe a year or so. Um, I need to downsize. I live in a pretty good size house with a huge yard. It's a lot for one person to take care of. And so I'm, you know, and I'm, I'm only getting older and you know, maybe in another 10 years, I wanna won't want to bust my hump working all the time. And so, you know, a smaller place less yard, but I still want something because I love to take care of plants and I like growing unease and
stuff.
Yes, it's a it's kind of like uh it's right in front of the window and it's one of those cheapo things, I think I got it for like $15 at the nards, it's kind of flimsy polls, but once you put it together, you know, you can, you can put a lot, there's like four or five shelves on it. So I started a whole bunch of seedlings this time, like swiss chard and kale and stuff. Then when they got picked up I put them in pots outside instead of our garden, we have a really large garden, but I'm just tired of schlepping the hose out feet and then you have to take it back into model on its, its like almost three quarters of an acre. It's a lot to take care of.
So I put, so I put
on
links.
Yes. Yeah. And so the seedlings actually did really well in pots and so I've got swiss chard and stuff like that growing and some flowers and, and it's much easier just to go out the patio, get the hose and water everything and takes two seconds as opposed to, you know, go on the way out there. Yeah.
a little for the vegetables. I still by my three pack of romaine hearts from the store and
then I
just put other stuff with it, you know? But so you live in san Francisco? Huh? How far away from the iconic fisherman's Wharf are you?
Oh, that's not bad. That's
something.
I
want.
if you don't have a good friend base or you know. Yeah.
It's
hard. Yeah. Well, um I don't, I mean I remember some, I didn't live in san Jose, I lived in santa clara, which is the neighbor, you know? But um I think my mom worked for the san Jose police department for years.
Um so I mean I remember the town and everything, I liked it there just fine, but I was a kid so you know you know and I liked my high school, I always hung out in the music department you know, I have fond memories of that part of you know. But uh I don't know. Yeah, I miss California.
Are
you
Californian? Have you grown up there? Have you lived your whole life?
And
I did yeah
I did
Fresno state for like a quarter or a semester then I did all the rest at santa Barbara City College and at at UCSB, that's where I got my degree from. Um yeah santa barbara was great, I loved that job,
I
don't, yeah, and I don't I don't know, I mean I as after college, I probably wouldn't have been able to survive there because it just costs so much, you know, and but you know, I still pay attention, you know, like when all the fires went through Montecito and and just that so sad, you know? But then me, I think I think about all the animals that got trapped, that's me too, it's like it's terrible, but so what do you do for work?
You're
doing well and what do you do to counteract all that face sweat?
They
didn't do,
Yeah, I'm not here with those because the veterinarians were them and I'm I'm at the quite a bit. But yeah, I know what you mean, getting flustered because like today when I went in, you know, I go in with my mask on, then there's the whole rigmarole of getting your headset and doing all this, getting my shirt.
And then, you know, then by then you're all warm, you know, and there were a couple of times today, I just thought I can't do this. I feel like I'm going to pass out but then it would pass or I go step outside for a second to just gulp some air and you know, then level out again. But my face gets all red and you know, it's awful. But
Well, yeah, I
mean we,
well we deal with the people I can handle the animals from here to eternity. But the people sometimes are challenging and I imagine for you as well and then I don't know. I mean even in your the patients did the patients have to wear, I haven't been to the dentist in a while because the mobile one that I go to um they closed down for a while because it operates in a very based so they're open again but they weren't open for cleanings. So I'm supposed to go again this month. But are the patients wearing masks to they can't really because their mouth has to be open so.
Look
it up.
And
then they can't talk anymore.
it hurts and they have to tell you.
That's
Different
different from the one that hangs in your mouth. Oh
that sounds cool. I
mean
you
feel a little bit safer you know?
I mean if you have to be in fear constantly that is going to affect you that affect every part of your work, how you you know just how people perceive you and everything. So.
considering
the state you live in, I don't think that's over the top because California is is a pretty awful mess right now
a few other states but I know that
not. Or in your case I believe it's what top three right now
something
like that.
Yeah. And when it first started I was watching news like all the time I was glued to the tv but now it's like you know okay maybe I'll listen today maybe once a week or maybe just for that half hour for world news. Very 1st 10 minutes maybe I'll watch that. Then I try and stay away from it because most of it is all of these newscasters spewing stuff that they don't really know what they're talking about. Anyway give Fauci give me berks, give me a scientist, I'll listen to them, anybody else I don't, you know, I don't trust them. So
then at all.
Yeah I agree because and then and then depending on what station you watch, like if you're feeling anti trump watch CNN but if you're feeling positive about him watch Fox News because you know they they they've all got their biases you know and it it's like okay well um we need somebody to, I thought news was supposed to be, you know, go
so are you married?
is that your choice?
Oh good, good,
good,
good.
I'm fine with it now, you know? It took a while to settle into the whole idea, you know, after being
married for over half your life. Um It took a while to get used to it, but now like four years out, I'm kind of like, you know, okay, my life's my own again. Um And I don't, you know, like I'll still have those little things like I'll be doing something and I think oh he wouldn't have liked that, you know, I
still I still have
that happen,
you know, I
always happen, but but well it when you live with somebody so long you get pretty indoctrinated, so it takes a little while to break that up. But, but now it's now it's fine. I'm glad I don't have anybody to answer to. I can feed the feral cats on the porch and he can't see a damn thing.
Oh, I only have one of my own. Her sister passed away last year just before she turned 18. Yeah.
You
know the one kitty that I have remaining is her birthday was a few days ago and she just turned 19. I'll get a picture of her to show you. And then the cats I was referring to is, we have a lot of funerals in our neighborhood
and I've been working with a trap, neuter return program uh, to help trap them, taking the vet, get them fixed, then put them back where they were. And uh,
Both
if we, like, for example, the mom cat that comes by every day. She had a litter of about four kittens. Three of the kittens um, were fostered out and adopted. But the last kitten, I had two of them in my hand. One got away. And there was a really bad storm that night. I could never catch the other little kitten. So the other little kitten, it lived. I was relieved. And so now the mom, the dad and the kitten, they come by every day to eat morning and night. Um, but the mom still needs to be spayed and the kitten is now getting pretty big and it needs to be fixed. I don't know what sex it is because I can't get. So, and the end of next week, I'm supposed to get some more traps from my neighbor who's we're both working together on it to trap them. And the baby and the mom will just have to go back into the neighborhood. The mom is very friendly, she lets me pet her. But but my kitty is 19 years old and the vet said better not to adopt another one right now because stress anything like that. Any change like that, you never know how it affects them metabolically and her kidney disease is stable right now. But I would not want to upset the apple cart and have all of a sudden go downhill. And then I'm going to second guess myself forever. Did I cause that by bringing in another cat? So I just work with the cats outside. And since the mom is friendly, all the food and you know, whatever that I give them, at least there's a little bit coming back because she,
you
know, she lets me, that's fun. Okay,
here,
Here's here's my 19 year old.
She's a very cute little kitty. She's not big, she's kind of a small kitty. I had given her a little compressed catnip mouse for her birthday and that's what's hanging down and that's why she's being all rowley. She
just
likes that. But
I
have you have you done this particular video thing before through pro I
did to this is the third one I've done. It's been really
yeah. And how long have you been on prolific?
That's probably about how long I have to I really like that survey site because it's academic based and really
very
it's fair it's and it's a lot of them are really interesting. So anyway,
it was really nice to talk to you. Um
simple
and safe out there.
All