help?
good. I'm jennifer. Can you see me? All right
good. Yes I can see you fine.
Hello, where are you from?
Oh I've got to Washington. I'm in Rome new york.
Yeah I'm actually where they had Woodstock 1999 festival.
Yes they had on our air force base that year. And so that's all we're known for though. We're a very small town. We're about an hour from Syracuse so if you follow sports and all that were so
we're about an hour from Syracuse.
have been working from home for the last seven years and I not
just prolific but a lot of other I I actually work for amazon. I'm turk where you do the data entry and stuff. I do that. I do swag bucks into a mall. I'm more a lot. Yeah
it's I'm turk amazon amazon mturk. Yes I'm tur k
no
you you do what
um when you first start with them you have to apply it's like you're applying for a job but you don't interview or nothing. They let you in. There is a little bit of a waiting list so sometimes it takes like a month to get in. But what it is there's there's a lot of data entry, lot of surveys, a lot of stuff like that that's done by the universities and the colleges and you get paid per task so you're not any kind of ours but you can work as much as you want. So if you want to work at nine o'clock at night or two o'clock in the morning you can work whenever you want
and they and they pay you um they'll either pay you through bank account or you can earn amazon gift cards. But it's amazon, it's actually amazon that runs up.
I've actually.
Yes. Yes there's people that make um thousands of dollars a month working for their, I
don't do it that much but I make maybe I'm gonna say probably about 200 to $300 a month just doing just randomly and sometimes I get on and I work 10 minutes and other times I'll do it for an hour, you know what I mean? Sometimes all beyond their all day it just depends on what else is going on, you know what else is going on? But they're
very
good. I've been doing it for seven years with
an
turk
saw.
No
now it's very it's very based on uh just what is available to new but there's so many and sometimes like you get trained on certain tasks that require, like you actually do things for youtube, you do things for google uh where they check things to make sure that it's safe for kids or it's all big companies that go through amazon that it's a platform, I guess you want to say, you know, so it's very good. And they can, and you can get paid weekly or bi weekly or monthly or however you want to. Um, but they pay right on right on
the spot.
So,
Swag bucks. Swag.
Yeah. They've been around a long time to and I've done that a long time also. And I do the surveys and with them and you can get paid via paypal. It's a $5 cash out. So if you, you know what kind of deal box. Yeah. So, so I used to run a blog and I used to make money through advertising and stop and I did that for a very, very long time. And it kind of fell through when facebook started playing with the feeds and stuff like that. So I wasn't getting you know, but there's so many possibilities out there as far
as making a
Don't wear. But it was getting it was free samples in the mouth and how to get free magazine subscriptions and how to go to the grocery store and turn around and get stuff for free using a coupon. I did it for 10 years on facebook and I
made.
so I've always been if I haven't been selling on Ebay at sea or doing surveys or something on the computer, I've always done that, I've always I've always made money online. So um it's just something that I was diagnosed with sle lupus and
for me it's just easier to make money online than to go get a
job
kind of girl
soft.
Well
I haven't done that in a while so I can't really direct you right now. But it used to be where you could just go in
and
I would see the ads, I would look at an ad and then I would look online to see if there was a coupon or not in certain stores with double Q pins or they would um or you could get cash back. There's websites where like I, Barra and swag bucks, they will give you cash back if you buy a certain product or stuff like that where you can turn around scan your receipt and they'll end up giving you cash back on it. And a lot of times you can get the stuff for free or close to free because of that. So
that's
a bad idea. It's wag box doesn't No.
And then it makes it be free at them and Yeah, yeah,
so I've done I all that stuff, I just fell into it and started finding places where you know and uh instant win games, I used
to post list for instant one games and I would win gift cards, I want an xbox 360 off of an instant win game, I want gift cards to staple laugh makes all that, you know, there's different things online that you can do that could possibly if you win or Yeah, you know
and how are things in Washington with Covid? Yeah.
Mhm.
I'm
Yeah, a lot of people, a lot of places are not open wearing that. We still we still we're still just none of the restaurants you can't go dine in yet. Um It's I'll take out and delivery, the kids are going remotely half of the week and then they go into school or maybe two days a week. Um People are not wearing masks in my town there. Very stubborn kind of deal, but the increases are not really here
even
now.
I don't know, I want to say there's like maybe 36,000 people total. Um
But the movie theaters are not open, there's really, you know the gems are, the uh different places are opening up but it just it just seems like they've been told that they can open up the restaurants for in dining and stuff like that and they're not they're just too afraid stall or whatever, I don't know. Uh huh.
Right. And a lot of the restaurants um there's actually a friend of mine that owns a restaurant in Rome and she said well I'm not because it's only a certain percentage that they can open up their dining areas to their, like it's not worth it to me until were given the green light for a full capacity.
sorry,
Nascar,
I
was
I was the biggest fan in the world of Earnhardt sr and when he died I was absolutely devastated.
so
and then um so I went first sunday afterwards, you know Junior? And so I just, you know, but that was just, it was so I'll never forget my girlfriend calling me that day and telling me that he got killed. I just I will never forget that she was like, I don't know how to tell you this, but dale sr just just got killed like what? So I don't watch it as much as I used to and I don't really watch that much sports. I really just never got into it. I did
like
the Dallas cowboys, I loved the Dallas cowboys when I was younger, I just love them. And um you know, I'll watch the Super Bowl. I always picture that I watched the Super Bowl, but that's usually all I do.
What's
your
favorite team?
my family, unfortunately, they never really were into sports and so I just kind of, you know, even nascar, it was just kind of was just me and the whole entire family that even watched out already saying nobody else would watch anything. And I did like baseball for the longest time. Um I actually clocked a baseball cars. I actually went to florida and got to go to one of the spring training uh camps for Pittsburgh and um
you know, and stuff like that, but I even fell out of that, I just for whatever reason, I just don't watch it like I used to.
I
think
just
huh
Yeah, that's different. Life is different now and and hopefully they'll get vaccine and everything. Hopefully we'll go back to normal someday hopefully.
I know.
Mm hmm. Well I can't get the flu shot. So I'm a little bit nervous when the covid shots come out that you
know
what
I'm going to once I know that everybody else doesn't having a bad reaction to it because of lupus because of lupus. I have to be careful because my immune system's down, you know what I mean? So, so I can't even get the flu shot. So, you know, that's very, you know, so it makes me wonder if I'm going to even be able to, hopefully, hopefully I'll be able to, you know?
Right. Exactly. Yeah.
And how available
is
it going to be to everybody?
Yeah. And you know, so it's going to be interesting once they get there to see how they implement it and who's going to get it first and you know, it's gonna be the front line, you know, I think and I actually have an aunt That is 102 years old.
Yeah, no house issues and she's in assisted living, not a nursing home. And this was tough on her with Covid because they went into such severe black down, we couldn't go, you know, it was really tough for her. But she's lived through everything, you
know, you talk
world wars and everything else, the great depression and she said to me, I've never seen anything like this. Nor did I ever think I would see anything like this. So, you know, it's amazing what she's seen.
Yeah. She's been through so much and
right. You know, and she was just, you know, but it's hard on her because you can't go. But you know, we just started, we were able to go visit outside. We can, I'm
outside. But now that winter's comment, they don't want to take
them outside to get them sick. You know what I mean? That it's just so it's mostly phone conversations and you know, But yeah.
Right. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. And the nurses are great there and everything that are there. Um, but she just amazes me the things that she's seen and you know, and all that. So uh No medication. She's not, I'm one medication. She's 102. Yeah.
Yeah. That's amazing. And she's the oldest living person
in my family. Everybody else died blake in their 80s 90s. So this just, you know, is really wild for me that
She's
in assisted living and not a nursing
home
and
it's
just
it's just crazy and she's got her mind and everything. It's just blows
like
that's what I started where I'm like, Jeez, you know, you're going to be one of those ones that lived to be 110 or something.
I'm
uh I'm not
Yeah, she's so I just talked to her the other day and but they haven't got the hairdressers and the doctors and nothing still because they're still, you know, concerned or whatever bought, there's an emergency, they send them off to the hospital, but she's going God. So that's all that matters to me.
No, I don't have any cuts. Believe it or not. Believe it or not. I was a step mom. I was married, I was I lost my husband of lung cancer
15 years. I was married for 15 years and he died in 2015. And
that's another reason why I really had to when I got my lupus diagnosis and then became a widow after all that time that I had to find ways to make money and that's how I ended up with them turk and uh different things online that I have to, you know, So that was tough for me. Very tough That he he passed away at 51 and I was 44, at the time. I am now going to be 50 in February. So
you look great through
and um but
you
know,
I
wanted to numerous times, definitely numerous times, you know, just wanted to just, it's a tough deal when you're with somebody that long,
you
know,
you
know?
Yeah, we were married for 15, but to gather for 20, so I started dating him when I was 24 and last from 44. So it's tough. I'm not dating anyone, I'm not doing anything, you know? Uh Except just funding for myself right now. And it's tough when you're used to having a man, you know, having a man around and
and everything, you know? But I keep on tracking. That's all I can do
it.
I will.
Yeah, It's just gun shy. Very gun shy. Well, you gotta talk, you know, when you're in your twenties, it's easy to date, but when you're getting close to being 50 years old, it's a
little, you know, where am I going to go right now, you know with Covid,
you know there's no place
to
go, where do you go on and I can't even go on a date anywhere, you know what I mean? It's just seriously you can't, you know um some you know, yeah someday I'll just you know um how old are you?
you're young and you're
young?
that's fantastic.
I have a brother in law, he met his wife um it was Bruce's brother that my husband's brother that he met his wife online to pitch dot com and you know different ones that they have my online, I just haven't yet, you know.
Well
how long
have you done with your fiance?
Well yeah, but that's fantastic. That's fantastic,
Wait
pa
I don't blame you there. Yeah.
well, congratulations,
that's fantastic.
Is
it?
And
Oh wow, that's kind of cool. I have to check it out there.
I've never heard of that one, I've heard of all the big ones, you know?
Bumble,
Well
right, so those are the ones that I know people that have gotten married or found each other or whatever, you know? But I'm probably going to wait until after called it blows over.
I
just almost see starting a relationship,
you know, until that that's blown over, so
but I think we're almost there, we're almost there.
but
I would check out and turk check it out because you
have
to apply and you might be put on a waiting list for about a month or so, but then they will email you and say that you can come in and start working working
on that platform. So I know that there's a waiting list or the last I knew there was a waiting list for it. But it's not worth getting into.
And
I really liked
prolific.
I really like prolific a lot.
I think there
I can usually catch maybe I'm going to say maybe 3-4 a day if I'm lucky and then some days I get nothing. Something.
it's very hit and miss and a lot of times or I'll try to go get a survey and it's full, you know what I mean? Like the second it hits, it's like all of a sudden it just, it's not there anymore, you know? But I I do like them a lot if
they're serving skull and everything that it's just, it's really, really smooth going with them when you can
catch,
I
don't know.
you don't
get kicked out or you don't sit there for a half hour trying to fill it out and then that get crowded for for whatever reason, you know that I really really really God. And
I'm
yes. And I'm Turks like that too. So you see
it
when you never
So yeah, I think we're done. And it was very, very nice talking to you.
I regret
science and congratulations again. And
and
I got where?
I don't know where the thing is for us to get out of here. Let's see. Yeah, I don't
have my screen yacht. Do you have something?
Yeah, because I don't see mine on mine like
I
did before.
I found this two times before and I'm not saying click here to open cab. Okay. Got it.
We'll go back to the instructions and on the bob middle Talia. It will tell you to move forward
on the survey. Do you find that?
You're a little very nice talking to you. Have.
All
Bye bye.