they want? How are you?
Yep, I can see you just fine. How about you?
But in grass,
I am located in Washington, D. C.
Rome new york. Okay. I'm originally, I'm originally from state College pennsylvania. So it's, I've been up to new york plenty of times.
Oh very very cool.
I do very much so.
They canceled. Um wasn't there supposed to be a 50 year Woodstock that got canceled in the past few years? Okay. So what what brings you to prolific in doing these studies? Yeah
Hey,
I'm always looking for new ways. So I I that's why I was interested in talking to someone else who does these surveys. What was amazon's one called?
Do you have to work a certain amount of hours
per week or comedic
and
that's
That's great. Mturk I might have to look that up
to work as many hours as you want.
That's great.
And
that's,
That's
great.
And
that's what I'm interested in. Something that's not gonna where I have to work eight hours a day but something where I could you know pop
on for 15 minutes.
That's
that's
awesome. That's that's wonderful. So mturk I'm gonna absolutely look that up and apply for. And what was this white box you said was the other one?
Oh swag box. Okay. Yeah I've heard of swag Bucks before.
for
What was your blog about?
No
I certainly not laughing at all. I'm very interested in that kind of stuff.
I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah. Yeah.
Got
it yeah.
Makes
total sense. So give me a coupon rundown because I always found that fascinating when people could do that and but I'd only find my normal coupons in the mail and stuff
certainly not free. Mhm.
Very
good.
that
was,
you can probably use a coupon to get something down lower and then you still get what you get back from my body or swag bucks on it.
Got it. Okay.
Thanks.
man,
good. Actually, things aren't too bad. Obviously the cases are rising a little bit now because I think they're rising all over the country, but Washington D. C. Implemented a mask mandate. Well gosh, months and months months ago. So if you're walking around the street, if you're not doing anything athletic, so if you're not running biking you have to wear a mask. Um And because of that, I mean I guess we don't know if it's because of that but There is not been as many cases as you see in a lot of other bigger cities now. Also D.C. is not that big of a city. It only has right
around 800,000 people. So that's very very different than say your new york. But no cases are they have been minimal here for a good while now but it's not but I don't think that's gonna be the case
going into the winter with people traveling home for the holidays and people getting a little bit more antsy and trying to see their friends around this time. So I think I think we'll see a surge of the cases but who knows
that's good.
How big
is your town?
Okay.
and it's a little bit too cold up there to do outdoor dining at this time of the year. I mean you probably still could now, but you're getting close to the end of it.
Yeah, no, that makes that makes complete sense.
No, you're okay. So are you are you a football fan at all? Are you a Bills? Jets Giants? Do not, not truly care.
Nascar. Okay. You go
to Pocono
Raceway.
Yeah, that was the final lap, wasn't it? Right. Was the final
lap?
Got
it. Okay.
Right, got it. Okay. Yeah, it's not, certainly not for everyone. I just,
I like to
ask
I'm Pittsburgh Steelers fan. Yeah, it's just a good hardworking city. I'm from pennsylvania, it's a lot better than the Eagles. Um I like Pittsburgh as a city better than philadelphia and my family has been a long time. Steelers fans at least most of them, so.
cool.
Yeah. Well, especially this year, I feel like it was, so, it was difficult to watch sports this year. It
was
short and
no one knows it was going to last. No fans. It takes out of the atmosphere of it. It's just, yeah,
it was weird.
Oh, I think we will at some point. I think it's just a matter of time. That's all the fighter and one other, one bio in tech, they have a vaccine that's 90% effective. So that's, it's
a good start.
Are
you,
are you going to get the covid shot?
I hope so. I think it's going to be, I think that's going to be another controversy is when it comes out, how many people gonna get it, how many people are going to trust it? Um
Because there's plenty of people that are just also just lazy and they just don't simply want to. Yeah.
That's
shy
and how very ward is and can people go to ties? Because I saw some of them you have to get it twice. That's the thighs or one I think you have to get it twice.
Oh my gosh.
That's
amazing.
Yeah. That's incredible. Especially like, yeah, you said World War One, World War not World War One, World War Two. Great depression.
renoir
That's good.
But.
Yeah. That does have to be tough. But is she she can at least see other people that are in the same living facility. Right.
So that's good at least.
That's incredible. That's amazing.
I'm
102. No medication lived
through COVID
and
it's
just
said
living not a nursing home
so she might
be living for a long, long time.
That's why what's her last name? Is that way or what's her name? Is that way? I look out in the news for like five
years.
What? That may be. All right. Yeah.
That is good. And did you say you have daughters?
I'm sorry to hear that.
So sorry.
Well you look great. Yeah.
Thank you.
But
good
for you for like staying positive and you know talking to your other family and keeping good head on your shoulders and finding a way because I feel like a lot of people just give up and no let's do.
But you're good.
Oh I'm I can
imagine
I
don't
know that experience from personal experience, but I can imagine that it's very very tough.
Absolutely.
Good. I'm
glad to hear that jennifer that makes me happy. Are you, are you do you think you ever will date again? Okay,
good, Good.
huh.
Yeah. Right now it's hard.
Groups
are
Yeah, I'm 31. Yeah.
so
I'm still fill young um there's a lot, so actually I met my fiance online um
so there's there's tons of different ways and mechanisms that you can, you know, your online all the time that you can start talking to people. There's so many different sites and apps and
understandable.
You know, take your time whenever you're ready,
but
I'm not too long, so just about 3.5 years.
so 3.5 years and things are going while we're planning. We're not getting married until 2022. We want
to wait
until
tell Covid is long gone and we don't have to worry about
anything.
Thank you, appreciate
it. And
but we met, so there's an app, there's a lot of some different apps where you just like you can swipe on different people and then the one that we met on is called Bumble and Bumble is so it's one where you know the girl and the guy they have to match each other
so you have to like the way they look first and then you can start talking to them. But to stop guys from just like sending random stuff to girls, the girl has to message you first.
It is really
so
so it's an app, there's, I feel like you know you got the apps that cater to the millennials, so you got Bumble, there's like J Swipe which is a jewish one, there's coffee meets bagel,
there's a tinder, there's a lot of different ones for different reasons and then I feel like catering, I feel like the step before the app was the E Harmony, the match dot com.
I think
that's
yep, I think that's a very smart move.
Yeah, you might as might as well just wait at this point. Mm
I know, I I don't want to keep you from any of your other surveys but it's been I think we've got
what
I
will.
not.
yep. I will absolutely check that out because I like the idea of doing these little surveys and
it's just
good
way to make money.
how
many surveys do you usually get a day on prolific.
Yeah, that's how I am too. It's very hit or miss for me.
too.
And
I feel like they're they're so quick and they're easy.
They
pay you efficiently. It's
great,
And I like how they show you to that. When you submit something, I'll show you whether it's still waiting to be paid or it's
already hit your account. I like it. It's everything is very streamlined. It's great.
And
I think
we have a we have to take a questionnaire after doing this I believe,
It was nice talking
to you also.
Thank you and good
luck with everything
up there.
Thanks.
Hang on, let me click back to this directions page and see here. Check
drink
will open a new tab
on your web browsers are.
So what are you doing? You got?
man.
Oh yeah. The bottom arrow. Yeah.
It was nice talking to
you. Also, jennifer. Take care.