SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. At all at that point? Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. People? Yeah. What? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Right. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm mm hmm. Hello?
SPEAKER_R: I want what's going on
SPEAKER_L: How much? How you doing?
SPEAKER_R: well and better but everywhere.
SPEAKER_L: I'm gonna go ahead and start a timer for us if you want.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that sounds good.
SPEAKER_L: Cool. Alright. 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: I'm Brandon by the way,
SPEAKER_L: I'm jesse nice to meet you
SPEAKER_R: Nice to me too.
SPEAKER_L: part of the world. Are you from?
SPEAKER_R: Uh I live in Denver right now,
SPEAKER_L: All right. Uh You all
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: court?
SPEAKER_R: about you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm out here in Arizona.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Oh actually we, my wife and I just moved from Arizona to Denver.
SPEAKER_L: Oh shit. Really? That's
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. What what were part?
SPEAKER_L: phoenix
SPEAKER_R: Okay, yeah, we uh we moved from Chandler
SPEAKER_L: chart.
SPEAKER_R: out here in november.
SPEAKER_L: How long were you living here?
SPEAKER_R: Both of us have been out there since we were like 12 years old, so we're both from the east coast, ended up pretty much actually moving out in the same time and just met met later on. But but yeah we uh when I moved out there I lived in Goodyear for pretty much my whole high school experience and then kind of just moved further out east and then she was, she lived in Mesa and kind of just lived around in that area for the most part so.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Uh That's cool. So you guys met there? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: uh we ended up uh she's gonna kill me because I can't remember how long ago uh
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: eight years ago, uh We ended up both having the same job together, meeting through mutual friends and kind of a weird story that ended up meeting her work and then ended up getting together
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: were
SPEAKER_L: what?
SPEAKER_R: married and now we live in Denver.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. Why? Why I've actually never traveled to Denver Ben to Denver. What's what was in Denver that that when you guys want to move there?
SPEAKER_R: So it's a good question, I think we're trying to figure that one out. No, we always we always talked about if if we moved um we'd either move to colorado or moved to texas. Don't really know why those two states, but
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: those were like the two that if we move, that's where we go. Uh So back in october maybe somewhere around there and I was working. Um we were both working out obviously in Arizona but I hated my job um was miserable, ended up coming home one day and my wife was just like you're quitting like you're done, can't do this anymore, like you absolutely suck right now. So I ended up quitting and then
SPEAKER_L: Archie
SPEAKER_R: I ended up getting a I ended up getting offers from two jobs, one was out here and then one was with a S. U. And decided just come out here and check
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: it out, see how it goes.
SPEAKER_L: to to make the uh it's a small world even even weirder. I work for A. S. U.
SPEAKER_R: Do you really
SPEAKER_L: Yeah that's
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: do you do?
SPEAKER_L: uh I'm in their their U. T. O. The technology office. So
SPEAKER_R: I probably would have been your project manager to be honest.
SPEAKER_L: that's wild. That's so wild. Work with.
SPEAKER_R: I got an offer with them and uh I don't remember what department it was but it was yeah I was going to be a project manager over there so I was in the tech side of it.
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome. That's so wild wow. So what were if you don't mind me asking what were you doing that you hated so much?
SPEAKER_R: Uh So I was working for Salesforce consultant company,
SPEAKER_L: Oh shit. And that's what we use salesforce?
SPEAKER_R: that's that's what I was going to be the project manager for.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you definitely probably have been working with my with my managers. I probably wouldn't have had much like I'm the tier one like call center guy. I've been that way for like seven years. That's like I've I've been offered the supervisor role a number of times but that comes with a very little pay increase and a very big decrease in the perks. Uh So I was just like no I'm good uh This basic job is paying my bills and gives me enough work life balance that I'd rather that so yeah but no I know the people you would have been working with for sure so that's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Small world
SPEAKER_L: I know. That's wild. It's just anyway
SPEAKER_R: but
SPEAKER_L: so yeah. What about it though? Did you hate like is it was it was it because it was sales like sales sounds awful.
SPEAKER_R: uh now it's working with uh
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: so I'll continue to work with Salesforce, that's that's um what I'm doing now, more of a product owner position instead of a project management position.
SPEAKER_L: Look.
SPEAKER_R: But doing so I I got hired on from a company out here but I technically work for another company because I do consulting. So. No the reason I hated it was uh it was a smaller company which I liked, so I went from really really small like start up companies down here, I'm working for more like an enterprise like corporate which has its own funkiness to it, It's yeah, but now it was just constant changing, they didn't know what they wanted to do. I was working probably 60 hours a week, I was working weekends. Um My wife and I would make plans and then it was like last minute would just be like nah I just I can't, I need to get this done so just to be honest it just became miserable and it was, it was all about work and
SPEAKER_L: Have
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: that balance. Yeah for sure. Yeah I um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah
SPEAKER_L: I've never I've never actually worked for any place where I got very much farther from like a sort of tier one entry position to be quite honest. I graduated college and then just kind of went straight to work. Um Found a bunch of just random jobs and then fell into like text text support. Like I. T. Call centers. And I've been there for basically yeah 12 years now. Like I worked for 80 MTs like U verse like cable internet phone support. And that was God awful. Uh
SPEAKER_R: I was going to say I have known a couple of people that worked at 1810. They
SPEAKER_L: Uh huh. God it was so bad. But like Super Bowl days were the absolute worst because you know your your spotty cable connection goes out on Super Bowl day. I'm the
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: first,
SPEAKER_R: your,
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: the first.
SPEAKER_R: the worst person in the world.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and I'm like like like I literally just like like kick your puppy or you know hunched your grandpa like I'm like the scum of the earth because your cable went out on Super Bowl. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it's your fault. You purposely not cable.
SPEAKER_L: of course. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just like just fix it like there's not like a button sir, like I gotta send somebody out. I don't know. Sorry? Uh Yeah that was awful. So anyway I left that. That was a fun story and uh yeah actually okay I mean we got we got 17 more minutes so I might as well you were more than shared enough so I'll go out there now. So how I got to A. S. U. Was I was I was working at at and T technically like you know one of their you know little hiring companies not a TNT directly right like their little contractor groups or whatever. And I I had managed to do well enough that I was in sort of like a training department. So I was training new agents which I which I was like cool with. I actually like that work because hey I got to be off the phones most of the time and you know I was mostly just talking strategy and like call strategy, how to fix things all that to other people, other like employees not having to work as much directly with customers, which is always a plus. Um So I was there in that role and kind of like an interim, like they didn't they didn't give me the job, it was like oh you'll do this for a few months
SPEAKER_R: Here's
SPEAKER_L: and I'm like
SPEAKER_R: all the responsibility and not pay.
SPEAKER_L: yep. Exactly. But again it came with the benefit of not having to be on the phone, so I was like okay like I'll do it, I get what's going on here but I'll do it. Um So then the actual job opened up, I applied and I didn't get it so I was just like man fuck this. So I didn't want to go back to calls and all that, so I was just like yeah I think I'm done piece. Uh And at that time I had met my now you know my girlfriend, we've been together for like nine years. We're just we're
SPEAKER_R: congratulations.
SPEAKER_L: just those people that like we're both kind of like met on marriage so we're just together and it's like this is what it is like she's probably the person I'm going to be buried next to. So um anyway so I met her recently and she was working for Q. T. I actually had the same experience your wife had with you on job wise because she was miserable there. But she was kind of sustaining her a couple of her family members like she was kind of carrying them actually. So when I stepped in like not long after that I was like you gotta you got to get out of this like eventually like all I'll pick up the slack like once I get a good enough job I'll pick up the slack you can get out of Q. T. And like go to school if you want or something. Like it's not a problem. I just want you to be happy though. So anyway that was that so on the plus side of her job she did well enough on like those secret shoppers that she got entered into a raffle to win. Like you know some sort of prize through their company. And it happened to be like a trip to Hawaii for like an A. Plus one. So I got to be the plus one. So like this is probably like a few months after we had like started dating which was I was like okay I get a trip to Hawaii from my girlfriend, I'm cool with that. So
SPEAKER_R: where, where'd you guys go?
SPEAKER_L: uh they set us up in Maui. Yeah like you T. Q. T. Is one of those places that like a lot of people find it very grueling. It's very like work work work work work. But the plus side is as far as like a company goes, they seem to be fairly like generous to their employees when it comes to like these perks and stuff like these prizes. So yeah this was a I mean like the resort that they put us up, it was like right on the beach. Uh like I looked at like the price that they had on the rooms, it was like a $700 room, a night place. I was like I was like I'm never staying in any nicer place than this probably in my life. I'm enjoying the hell out of this. We were there for two weeks. So it was it was awesome. So anyway like the week before we were supposed to leave for that was when I decided like I'm done with with A T. And T. Like I'm putting in my two weeks like by I'm going on Hawaii I'm just gonna enjoy it later. At that same time right before I left I had also applied for an open new position at S. U. Which was it support help center and they were basically for the first time bringing it in A. S. U. So it wasn't gonna be outsourced because they were they had like the whole outsourcing to India tech support before that. And the president of A. S. You Michael Crowe got so many complaints about it that he was like you know what it's not worth it, like we're just gonna cut the costs or like eat the cost, bring this in house and have it be like top to your customer service. So I applied and I got it like I went to the I went to the interview before we left for the trip and then about a week end of the trip, I got the call saying, hey you got the job, we'll start you, you know this time. And I was like perfect, perfect thing to find out while on vacation suite like vacation and then have a job when I get back. So yeah, it was, it was great. That's how I started a issue that was probably about six years ago now.
SPEAKER_R: wow, congratulations man, that's
SPEAKER_L: Hey. Yeah, I like my most miserable job experience before that was working at Amazon's warehouse. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh God, I've had friends, I worked there and it's like the nightmare stories that you hear in the news, it's like no I had friends that work there and it's 100% how it goes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was grueling like you would go in, I would go in so early and like I got hired in as like through a temp agency because at that time I was just doing like temp jobs right out of college. And uh so it was it was during the hiring peak season, which was like the holidays, so it was like mandatory overtime, I would go in so early in the morning, the sun wouldn't be up by the time I left, the sun would be down. So like, literally for like, probably like two or three months straight. I felt like I didn't even see the sun. Oh,
SPEAKER_R: that's awful.
SPEAKER_L: time just stood still when I was in that warehouse. Like, one day I'm just sitting there scan and shit in the bins, and I look at my clock and it felt like an hour has gone by and it's literally been five minutes. Like, at that, like, it was literally that moment, I was like, uh no, I can't do this. I literally just set my little scan gunned down and just walked out of the building and never went back. I didn't tell anybody like, and like they obviously, so don't care. Like the next couple of weeks after I got calls from the, from the staffing agency being like, hey, there's an open position at, at amazon you want to come work? I'm literally the guy that walked out of the building, you guys don't even know like I
SPEAKER_R: You're
SPEAKER_L: could get in
SPEAKER_R: you're
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: trying to build a position that I left.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It's just like whatever I could be in a bin, like rotting and they probably wouldn't even realize it. So yeah. Yeah, that was that was that was fun.
SPEAKER_R: God. I wish sometimes I do wish I was younger though, where it's just like I've had those moments where it's like you could just walk out of a job and just be like, I don't know if you've ever seen half big, but it was like the fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, I'm out. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: It was, it's definitely like, uh like I've never done that. Like I've, I've only ever quit one job. That one I've only ever been fired once that was in college
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: because I was eating and I'm hungry. I worked, I worked for a big old place like bagel sandwiches at like I, you know, I made myself a sandwich. That was a punishable offense, so get
SPEAKER_R: Have
SPEAKER_L: wrecked.
SPEAKER_R: there were how they're you eat
SPEAKER_L: I know. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: I know.
SPEAKER_R: son?
SPEAKER_L: So anyway, that was those were my interesting work stories. Do you have any tattoos?
SPEAKER_R: I do. That was actually I keep seeing your arm. I was gonna ask about that. Um And I'm gonna have to get weird on camera.
SPEAKER_L: That's right.
SPEAKER_R: B I gotta add
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: half sleeve Uh really hard to. So I ended up doing the responsible like 18 year old, spending the cheapest amount to go to scratch artists and get a half sleeve which which is responsible, you know, not like it's going to be on you for the rest of your life. So,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no, that's fine, No worries.
SPEAKER_R: so actually before I moved out, I've got a, the guy, one of the guys who tattooed man, I've got three artists, three different sections of a half sleeve. Um One of the guys that did kind of one of the original pieces, I went back to him And I have talked to him in like 10 years and he started to redo everything that I've got. So,
SPEAKER_L: well,
SPEAKER_R: so, so not very tattoo. I wish I didn't have it, but he's going back through and once I go back to Arizona, I'll have them finish it up. He kind of like the first half of it, but
SPEAKER_L: I never imagined I would get tattoos when I was younger, but oh, I don't know, I don't know what, we'll actually know what changed it, I guess. Um I mean, I've never reminded tattoos, it's never been like a big deal kind of for me. Um So I just never thought that like, I would want something enough to get it tattooed and until I did so
SPEAKER_R: And then you got a full slave.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, and then basically, so this this is, it's not done, it's still got some work to do here, I'll but it
SPEAKER_R: A very japanese oriented. Good.
SPEAKER_L: I think we've like, I'm big anime and stuff, so um but anyway, like, and then this was actually my first tattoo, so this is ah
SPEAKER_R: I don't want to know that symbol.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's from a game, it's coming from a game called blood-borne. Uh so I was, this was my first one, I was just, I fell in love with that game, I don't know how many, I probably have like 6, 700 hours into that game or something, I don't know. Um so I wanted to get that, this is like a sort of main symbol from that game, Hunter's Mark or whatever, and then this one I got not too long ago, probably about a, a year and a half ago at this point, or I've done two sessions with this, so the first one was about four hours, I kind of got like a sushi sleeve and then uh the last one, I was just kind of wanted to see how long I could do it. Um So I was like just like how how long can you go? And he was like, well probably just the full day, and I was like, okay, let's do it, I did like an eight hour session uh
SPEAKER_R: Hello?
SPEAKER_L: which was which was fun. Yeah, yeah,
SPEAKER_R: All right. Give you credit for that hate
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: ever. Sessions
SPEAKER_L: honestly like, I just kind of wanted to see if I could, and like granted it's the arm, it's not that bad, like I'm not I'm not about going anywhere near my ribs or and like this part right here, as you can see is very
SPEAKER_R: Oh, it's it's
SPEAKER_L: is very
SPEAKER_R: all that
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: is the worst part.
SPEAKER_L: I'm not looking forward to this, like, I know I'm gonna probably get it done, I probably am, but like, I'm not looking forward to this this right here, this like swirl pattern, I'm like, oh, that shit hurt,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I heard elbows are tough to.
SPEAKER_L: I'm surprised, I was actually surprised at how bad the elbow was, but I think it's just because it's so like close to the bone, it's just like, feels like it's hitting it constantly whenever the needles going anyway. Yeah, I got this um, to commemorate um, so the two big trips that I've had in my life to hawaii in Japan. So yeah, I got, I took my girlfriend, we both went to Japan, my buddy was in the Navy, so he had a place there. So I, you know, I just had to get airfare and he would put us up because he had, you know, the Navy gave him a house to live because he's high enough rank that they, you know, I gave him a place to stay, he's not like living on the boat or something. Uh, so so we just had, we had a place to stay, so we were there for two weeks and I went to go during, if I was going to go to Japan like once in my life I wanted to see cherry blossoms. So we planned the trip for the, when the cherry blossoms were in bloom, which was very
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: like, God, it's crazy how like small of a season that is. So we landed and the cherry blossoms like hadn't started sprouting or blooming yet, by the time we left two weeks later they had bloomed and we're already all all like falling off the tree, like the trees everywhere, like
SPEAKER_R: randi.
SPEAKER_L: that's how so like we incredibly left out that we were there for like it, but I'm also like, jesus, how do you plan this? Like we just got super lucky. It felt like, I don't know. So yeah, I got a tattoo to kind of commemorate the trip and seeing cherry blossom is kind of a bucket list thing for me, so
SPEAKER_R: That's awesome. I'm not a huge fan of traveling, but I've got a buddy who's out in Arizona uh like my best friend um him
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: and his ex wife, her family is from Japan. Uh
SPEAKER_L: All right.
SPEAKER_R: And so they've done a couple trips to go there and they talked about it like it's the most amazing place ever. So
SPEAKER_L: it was.
SPEAKER_R: now
SPEAKER_L: It was.
SPEAKER_R: the big, big traveler, but Japan is like on my list.
SPEAKER_L: sure. That's awesome. So what do you what kind of we only got about four minutes left. Uh
SPEAKER_R: S
SPEAKER_L: What kind of what kind of stuff do you like to do? So travel is not your thing? What is your thing?
SPEAKER_R: uh definitely a big outdoors guy, love um, hiking, shooting, campaign, fishing, all that. I'm actually going out with my buddy this weekend too to go hunting. Never done that in my life before. Well, we'll see how that goes. Um big in the gaming. Um
SPEAKER_L: What's
SPEAKER_R: Not
SPEAKER_L: your
SPEAKER_R: not a pete
SPEAKER_L: favorite game right
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: now?
SPEAKER_R: you don't don't judge me.
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: Uh But yeah right now modern warfare is probably like my number one, it's most of my buddies play it. Um and then we can cross platform on it.
SPEAKER_L: I mean like I'm definitely like I'm 32. Like I like I don't I don't really equate a personal taste to whatever game preference you have at that moment because I know myself like I play a bunch of games that I think are just kind of shitty themselves, but they're fun because I get to play with my friends like
SPEAKER_R: Yeah but you enjoy it so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's just it's just socialization and like like whatever that makes the experience. Like the one the one that I would put in right now that I'm kind of jumping into is dead by daylight. I've never heard of that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I have,
SPEAKER_L: So like I hate that game. It's awful. I suck at it. I'm like the worst ever. But it's hilarious to play with my friends and we're all just fucking around and being stupid like it's great.
SPEAKER_R: it's all about fun, man,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah exactly. You and
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: I'm actually with one of the guys that I met out here we come,
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: I've played a couple of RPG like four games before but we'll start we're doing running a dungeons and dragons game right now um Dad's been super fun and he's like he's actually really good. So I played I played a couple of of those games with friend out in Arizona but he's not the best at running, it kind of gets a little boring. The guy that we've been running it without here is like he put so much effort into it
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: honestly the biggest so my my work not much really changed for me job wise when the whole quarantine stuff is going on because I was already telecommuting pretty much 100%. Uh but the social distancing aspect and the quarantine and all that. Like the thing I miss the most is our dungeons and dragons group. Like me and my friends have been in one with our D. M. Who is like probably like your friend like he put so much effort like we're not playing in like a dungeons and dragons like world really like it's his own world that he's like created all the lore and like races and he's
SPEAKER_R: Oh that's awesome.
SPEAKER_L: I mean this is you know he's like 36, Like he spent like pretty much his life building up this world over time and now it's just we're just playing in it. And uh he like paints all of our miniatures and he's like a really good like miniature painter and stuff. It's it's crazy. And like we've been doing this campaign for about over a year now and we haven't been able to play obviously in the last couple of months because of everything going on. Um And yeah it sucked because like I am loving the campaign, I'm loving the characters, like everything is so much fun. Probably like the only time in my life I'll ever take a character from like one to max level,
SPEAKER_R: ha ha ha
SPEAKER_L: we're able to pick it up again once this is over. Um and when that happens, that's probably going to be one of my next tattoos is getting my, my my I'm playing like a bird person, like necromancer guy, so
SPEAKER_R: that's all.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, it's been it's been wild. Um Yeah, that's awesome that you played to India. I love board games. I used to I kind of have like my own little business where I was like selling board games for a time. Um So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: really?
SPEAKER_L: I've been a big gamer in all kinds of formats, so that's our that's our 25 minutes um If you've got places to go or things to do, like we can cut it whenever. Um So yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah well we can we can cut it do you do you have a Xbox or?
SPEAKER_L: I have, I play on a playstation actually, pretty
SPEAKER_R: All right.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, sorry, the playstation and Xbox, like the never the two shall meet. Do you do any online gaming?
SPEAKER_R: I don't really to be honest.
SPEAKER_L: E CN it, that's what I meant to say.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I honestly I don't really um if you're interested in potentially joining a D. And D. Game I'd have to talk to the D. M. But do you have discord or anything like that
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, I run to score. Let me send you just how do I actually, I don't think I've done uh like at a friend thing and discord in a while, but
SPEAKER_R: I was gonna say I actually thought this conversation is gonna be super weird.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I know this was great. That was just me and you. I um I
SPEAKER_R: usual.
SPEAKER_L: uh I've done a lot of different things, like I'm kind of in one of those people that I've tried to turn in one way or another, like my hobbies that I enjoy into some sort of business at some point, and I've kind of cycled through all of them and
SPEAKER_R: Thanks.
SPEAKER_L: none of them have really, uh, stuck as far as a lucrative business or something like that. But one of the things I was doing for a long time was a freelance writing and reporting for like video games and board game industry. So I've done, I don't know how many interviews with just, you know, complete strangers who I decided to touch base with for whatever reason, either they developed a cool game or we're doing something. So yeah, I felt, I felt confident that I was going to make this conversation work, but you made it easier, You were fine.
SPEAKER_R: I'm a tough person to get along with. I get it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: jeez. Way to make this as hard as possible.
SPEAKER_R: I'm not gonna lie I was like I'm gonna stay here with like a 90 year old person and just like I have no idea what to talk about it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, No. Yeah, no, most of the, most of the people, I've, because there's been a couple of conversation things I've done like this through prolific. Uh, most of them seem to be on the younger, the younger, you know, spectrum or like, you know, like our age, you know, young, like, you know, 30s, maybe 40s and stuff like that. It's kind of seems to hit. There is, I think like old people, older people, sorry, would just like
SPEAKER_R: yeah, they would have no
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: idea.
SPEAKER_L: have too much trouble like managing and navigating all the technology and you know, stuff of these websites. I think so, yeah, it's been fine brahman. Um, well, I'm gonna let you go.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. We'll have a good one. It was a really nice talking to you. I hope
SPEAKER_L: My
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: question,
SPEAKER_R: guys west the best through the all rooms in here.
SPEAKER_L: you know, stay safe.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Years old.