I want what's going on
well and better but everywhere.
Yeah, that sounds good.
I'm Brandon by the way,
Nice to me too.
Uh I live in Denver right now,
What
about you?
Uh huh. Oh actually we, my wife and I just moved from Arizona to Denver.
Yeah. What what were part?
Okay, yeah, we uh we moved from Chandler
out here in november.
Both of us have been out there since we were like 12 years old, so we're both from the east coast, ended up pretty much actually moving out in the same time and just met met later on. But but yeah we uh when I moved out there I lived in Goodyear for pretty much my whole high school experience and then kind of just moved further out east and then she was, she lived in Mesa and kind of just lived around in that area for the most part so.
uh we ended up uh she's gonna kill me because I can't remember how long ago uh
eight years ago, uh We ended up both having the same job together, meeting through mutual friends and kind of a weird story that ended up meeting her work and then ended up getting together
and
were
married and now we live in Denver.
So it's a good question, I think we're trying to figure that one out. No, we always we always talked about if if we moved um we'd either move to colorado or moved to texas. Don't really know why those two states, but
those were like the two that if we move, that's where we go. Uh So back in october maybe somewhere around there and I was working. Um we were both working out obviously in Arizona but I hated my job um was miserable, ended up coming home one day and my wife was just like you're quitting like you're done, can't do this anymore, like you absolutely suck right now. So I ended up quitting and then
I ended up getting a I ended up getting offers from two jobs, one was out here and then one was with a S. U. And decided just come out here and check
it out, see how it goes.
Do you really
what
do you do?
I probably would have been your project manager to be honest.
I got an offer with them and uh I don't remember what department it was but it was yeah I was going to be a project manager over there so I was in the tech side of it.
Uh So I was working for Salesforce consultant company,
that's that's what I was going to be the project manager for.
Yeah. Small world
but
uh now it's working with uh
so I'll continue to work with Salesforce, that's that's um what I'm doing now, more of a product owner position instead of a project management position.
But doing so I I got hired on from a company out here but I technically work for another company because I do consulting. So. No the reason I hated it was uh it was a smaller company which I liked, so I went from really really small like start up companies down here, I'm working for more like an enterprise like corporate which has its own funkiness to it, It's yeah, but now it was just constant changing, they didn't know what they wanted to do. I was working probably 60 hours a week, I was working weekends. Um My wife and I would make plans and then it was like last minute would just be like nah I just I can't, I need to get this done so just to be honest it just became miserable and it was, it was all about work and
now
Yeah
I was going to say I have known a couple of people that worked at 1810. They
on
your,
you're
the worst person in the world.
it's your fault. You purposely not cable.
Here's
all the responsibility and not pay.
congratulations.
where, where'd you guys go?
wow, congratulations man, that's
Oh God, I've had friends, I worked there and it's like the nightmare stories that you hear in the news, it's like no I had friends that work there and it's 100% how it goes.
that's awful.
You're
you're
trying to build a position that I left.
God. I wish sometimes I do wish I was younger though, where it's just like I've had those moments where it's like you could just walk out of a job and just be like, I don't know if you've ever seen half big, but it was like the fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, I'm out. Yeah.
So
Have
there were how they're you eat
you
son?
I do. That was actually I keep seeing your arm. I was gonna ask about that. Um And I'm gonna have to get weird on camera.
B I gotta add
half sleeve Uh really hard to. So I ended up doing the responsible like 18 year old, spending the cheapest amount to go to scratch artists and get a half sleeve which which is responsible, you know, not like it's going to be on you for the rest of your life. So,
so actually before I moved out, I've got a, the guy, one of the guys who tattooed man, I've got three artists, three different sections of a half sleeve. Um One of the guys that did kind of one of the original pieces, I went back to him And I have talked to him in like 10 years and he started to redo everything that I've got. So,
so, so not very tattoo. I wish I didn't have it, but he's going back through and once I go back to Arizona, I'll have them finish it up. He kind of like the first half of it, but
And then you got a full slave.
A very japanese oriented. Good.
I don't want to know that symbol.
Hello?
All right. Give you credit for that hate
ever. Sessions
Oh, it's it's
all that
is the worst part.
Yeah, I heard elbows are tough to.
That's awesome.
randi.
That's awesome. I'm not a huge fan of traveling, but I've got a buddy who's out in Arizona uh like my best friend um him
and his ex wife, her family is from Japan. Uh
And so they've done a couple trips to go there and they talked about it like it's the most amazing place ever. So
now
the big, big traveler, but Japan is like on my list.
S
uh definitely a big outdoors guy, love um, hiking, shooting, campaign, fishing, all that. I'm actually going out with my buddy this weekend too to go hunting. Never done that in my life before. Well, we'll see how that goes. Um big in the gaming. Um
Not
not a pete
don't
you don't don't judge me.
Uh But yeah right now modern warfare is probably like my number one, it's most of my buddies play it. Um and then we can cross platform on it.
Yeah but you enjoy it so.
Yeah I have,
it's all about fun, man,
so
I'm actually with one of the guys that I met out here we come,
I've played a couple of RPG like four games before but we'll start we're doing running a dungeons and dragons game right now um Dad's been super fun and he's like he's actually really good. So I played I played a couple of of those games with friend out in Arizona but he's not the best at running, it kind of gets a little boring. The guy that we've been running it without here is like he put so much effort into it
it's awesome.
Oh that's awesome.
ha ha ha
that's all.
really?
Yeah well we can we can cut it do you do you have a Xbox or?
All right.
I don't really to be honest.
Yeah I honestly I don't really um if you're interested in potentially joining a D. And D. Game I'd have to talk to the D. M. But do you have discord or anything like that
I was gonna say I actually thought this conversation is gonna be super weird.
usual.
Thanks.
I'm a tough person to get along with. I get it. Yeah.
I'm not gonna lie I was like I'm gonna stay here with like a 90 year old person and just like I have no idea what to talk about it.
yeah, they would have no
idea.
Uh huh. We'll have a good one. It was a really nice talking to you. I hope
you
guys west the best through the all rooms in here.
Yeah. Years old.