Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Thank you. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. At all at that point? Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. People? Yeah. What? Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Right. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm mm hmm. Hello?
How much? How you doing?
I'm gonna go ahead and start a timer for us if you want.
Cool. Alright. 25 minutes.
I'm jesse nice to meet you
part of the world. Are you from?
All right. Uh You all
court?
I'm out here in Arizona.
Oh shit. Really? That's
phoenix
chart.
How long were you living here?
Right. Uh That's cool. So you guys met there? Yeah.
All
You
know
what?
That's awesome. Why? Why I've actually never traveled to Denver Ben to Denver. What's what was in Denver that that when you guys want to move there?
I mean
Archie
So
to to make the uh it's a small world even even weirder. I work for A. S. U.
Yeah that's
so
uh I'm in their their U. T. O. The technology office. So
that's wild. That's so wild. Work with.
That's awesome. That's so wild wow. So what were if you don't mind me asking what were you doing that you hated so much?
Oh shit. And that's what we use salesforce?
Yeah you definitely probably have been working with my with my managers. I probably wouldn't have had much like I'm the tier one like call center guy. I've been that way for like seven years. That's like I've I've been offered the supervisor role a number of times but that comes with a very little pay increase and a very big decrease in the perks. Uh So I was just like no I'm good uh This basic job is paying my bills and gives me enough work life balance that I'd rather that so yeah but no I know the people you would have been working with for sure so that's crazy.
I know. That's wild. It's just anyway
so yeah. What about it though? Did you hate like is it was it was it because it was sales like sales sounds awful.
Mhm.
Look.
Have
that balance. Yeah for sure. Yeah I um
I've never I've never actually worked for any place where I got very much farther from like a sort of tier one entry position to be quite honest. I graduated college and then just kind of went straight to work. Um Found a bunch of just random jobs and then fell into like text text support. Like I. T. Call centers. And I've been there for basically yeah 12 years now. Like I worked for 80 MTs like U verse like cable internet phone support. And that was God awful. Uh
Uh huh. God it was so bad. But like Super Bowl days were the absolute worst because you know your your spotty cable connection goes out on Super Bowl day. I'm the
first,
I'm
the first.
Yeah and I'm like like like I literally just like like kick your puppy or you know hunched your grandpa like I'm like the scum of the earth because your cable went out on Super Bowl. Yeah.
of course. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just like just fix it like there's not like a button sir, like I gotta send somebody out. I don't know. Sorry? Uh Yeah that was awful. So anyway I left that. That was a fun story and uh yeah actually okay I mean we got we got 17 more minutes so I might as well you were more than shared enough so I'll go out there now. So how I got to A. S. U. Was I was I was working at at and T technically like you know one of their you know little hiring companies not a TNT directly right like their little contractor groups or whatever. And I I had managed to do well enough that I was in sort of like a training department. So I was training new agents which I which I was like cool with. I actually like that work because hey I got to be off the phones most of the time and you know I was mostly just talking strategy and like call strategy, how to fix things all that to other people, other like employees not having to work as much directly with customers, which is always a plus. Um So I was there in that role and kind of like an interim, like they didn't they didn't give me the job, it was like oh you'll do this for a few months
and I'm like
yep. Exactly. But again it came with the benefit of not having to be on the phone, so I was like okay like I'll do it, I get what's going on here but I'll do it. Um So then the actual job opened up, I applied and I didn't get it so I was just like man fuck this. So I didn't want to go back to calls and all that, so I was just like yeah I think I'm done piece. Uh And at that time I had met my now you know my girlfriend, we've been together for like nine years. We're just we're
just those people that like we're both kind of like met on marriage so we're just together and it's like this is what it is like she's probably the person I'm going to be buried next to. So um anyway so I met her recently and she was working for Q. T. I actually had the same experience your wife had with you on job wise because she was miserable there. But she was kind of sustaining her a couple of her family members like she was kind of carrying them actually. So when I stepped in like not long after that I was like you gotta you got to get out of this like eventually like all I'll pick up the slack like once I get a good enough job I'll pick up the slack you can get out of Q. T. And like go to school if you want or something. Like it's not a problem. I just want you to be happy though. So anyway that was that so on the plus side of her job she did well enough on like those secret shoppers that she got entered into a raffle to win. Like you know some sort of prize through their company. And it happened to be like a trip to Hawaii for like an A. Plus one. So I got to be the plus one. So like this is probably like a few months after we had like started dating which was I was like okay I get a trip to Hawaii from my girlfriend, I'm cool with that. So
uh they set us up in Maui. Yeah like you T. Q. T. Is one of those places that like a lot of people find it very grueling. It's very like work work work work work. But the plus side is as far as like a company goes, they seem to be fairly like generous to their employees when it comes to like these perks and stuff like these prizes. So yeah this was a I mean like the resort that they put us up, it was like right on the beach. Uh like I looked at like the price that they had on the rooms, it was like a $700 room, a night place. I was like I was like I'm never staying in any nicer place than this probably in my life. I'm enjoying the hell out of this. We were there for two weeks. So it was it was awesome. So anyway like the week before we were supposed to leave for that was when I decided like I'm done with with A T. And T. Like I'm putting in my two weeks like by I'm going on Hawaii I'm just gonna enjoy it later. At that same time right before I left I had also applied for an open new position at S. U. Which was it support help center and they were basically for the first time bringing it in A. S. U. So it wasn't gonna be outsourced because they were they had like the whole outsourcing to India tech support before that. And the president of A. S. You Michael Crowe got so many complaints about it that he was like you know what it's not worth it, like we're just gonna cut the costs or like eat the cost, bring this in house and have it be like top to your customer service. So I applied and I got it like I went to the I went to the interview before we left for the trip and then about a week end of the trip, I got the call saying, hey you got the job, we'll start you, you know this time. And I was like perfect, perfect thing to find out while on vacation suite like vacation and then have a job when I get back. So yeah, it was, it was great. That's how I started a issue that was probably about six years ago now.
Hey. Yeah, I like my most miserable job experience before that was working at Amazon's warehouse. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was grueling like you would go in, I would go in so early and like I got hired in as like through a temp agency because at that time I was just doing like temp jobs right out of college. And uh so it was it was during the hiring peak season, which was like the holidays, so it was like mandatory overtime, I would go in so early in the morning, the sun wouldn't be up by the time I left, the sun would be down. So like, literally for like, probably like two or three months straight. I felt like I didn't even see the sun. Oh,
time just stood still when I was in that warehouse. Like, one day I'm just sitting there scan and shit in the bins, and I look at my clock and it felt like an hour has gone by and it's literally been five minutes. Like, at that, like, it was literally that moment, I was like, uh no, I can't do this. I literally just set my little scan gunned down and just walked out of the building and never went back. I didn't tell anybody like, and like they obviously, so don't care. Like the next couple of weeks after I got calls from the, from the staffing agency being like, hey, there's an open position at, at amazon you want to come work? I'm literally the guy that walked out of the building, you guys don't even know like I
could get in
there.
Yeah. It's just like whatever I could be in a bin, like rotting and they probably wouldn't even realize it. So yeah. Yeah, that was that was that was fun.
It was, it's definitely like, uh like I've never done that. Like I've, I've only ever quit one job. That one I've only ever been fired once that was in college
because I was eating and I'm hungry. I worked, I worked for a big old place like bagel sandwiches at like I, you know, I made myself a sandwich. That was a punishable offense, so get
wrecked.
I know. Yeah,
I know.
So anyway, that was those were my interesting work stories. Do you have any tattoos?
That's right.
What?
Yeah, no, that's fine, No worries.
well,
I never imagined I would get tattoos when I was younger, but oh, I don't know, I don't know what, we'll actually know what changed it, I guess. Um I mean, I've never reminded tattoos, it's never been like a big deal kind of for me. Um So I just never thought that like, I would want something enough to get it tattooed and until I did so
Yeah, and then basically, so this this is, it's not done, it's still got some work to do here, I'll but it
I think we've like, I'm big anime and stuff, so um but anyway, like, and then this was actually my first tattoo, so this is ah
yeah, it's from a game, it's coming from a game called blood-borne. Uh so I was, this was my first one, I was just, I fell in love with that game, I don't know how many, I probably have like 6, 700 hours into that game or something, I don't know. Um so I wanted to get that, this is like a sort of main symbol from that game, Hunter's Mark or whatever, and then this one I got not too long ago, probably about a, a year and a half ago at this point, or I've done two sessions with this, so the first one was about four hours, I kind of got like a sushi sleeve and then uh the last one, I was just kind of wanted to see how long I could do it. Um So I was like just like how how long can you go? And he was like, well probably just the full day, and I was like, okay, let's do it, I did like an eight hour session uh
which was which was fun. Yeah, yeah,
I
honestly like, I just kind of wanted to see if I could, and like granted it's the arm, it's not that bad, like I'm not I'm not about going anywhere near my ribs or and like this part right here, as you can see is very
is very
this
I'm not looking forward to this, like, I know I'm gonna probably get it done, I probably am, but like, I'm not looking forward to this this right here, this like swirl pattern, I'm like, oh, that shit hurt,
I'm surprised, I was actually surprised at how bad the elbow was, but I think it's just because it's so like close to the bone, it's just like, feels like it's hitting it constantly whenever the needles going anyway. Yeah, I got this um, to commemorate um, so the two big trips that I've had in my life to hawaii in Japan. So yeah, I got, I took my girlfriend, we both went to Japan, my buddy was in the Navy, so he had a place there. So I, you know, I just had to get airfare and he would put us up because he had, you know, the Navy gave him a house to live because he's high enough rank that they, you know, I gave him a place to stay, he's not like living on the boat or something. Uh, so so we just had, we had a place to stay, so we were there for two weeks and I went to go during, if I was going to go to Japan like once in my life I wanted to see cherry blossoms. So we planned the trip for the, when the cherry blossoms were in bloom, which was very
like, God, it's crazy how like small of a season that is. So we landed and the cherry blossoms like hadn't started sprouting or blooming yet, by the time we left two weeks later they had bloomed and we're already all all like falling off the tree, like the trees everywhere, like
that's how so like we incredibly left out that we were there for like it, but I'm also like, jesus, how do you plan this? Like we just got super lucky. It felt like, I don't know. So yeah, I got a tattoo to kind of commemorate the trip and seeing cherry blossom is kind of a bucket list thing for me, so
Yeah,
All right.
it was.
It was.
sure. That's awesome. So what do you what kind of we only got about four minutes left. Uh
What kind of what kind of stuff do you like to do? So travel is not your thing? What is your thing?
What's
your
favorite game right
now?
Good.
I mean like I'm definitely like I'm 32. Like I like I don't I don't really equate a personal taste to whatever game preference you have at that moment because I know myself like I play a bunch of games that I think are just kind of shitty themselves, but they're fun because I get to play with my friends like
Yeah, it's just it's just socialization and like like whatever that makes the experience. Like the one the one that I would put in right now that I'm kind of jumping into is dead by daylight. I've never heard of that.
So like I hate that game. It's awful. I suck at it. I'm like the worst ever. But it's hilarious to play with my friends and we're all just fucking around and being stupid like it's great.
Yeah exactly. You and
the
no.
I
honestly the biggest so my my work not much really changed for me job wise when the whole quarantine stuff is going on because I was already telecommuting pretty much 100%. Uh but the social distancing aspect and the quarantine and all that. Like the thing I miss the most is our dungeons and dragons group. Like me and my friends have been in one with our D. M. Who is like probably like your friend like he put so much effort like we're not playing in like a dungeons and dragons like world really like it's his own world that he's like created all the lore and like races and he's
I mean this is you know he's like 36, Like he spent like pretty much his life building up this world over time and now it's just we're just playing in it. And uh he like paints all of our miniatures and he's like a really good like miniature painter and stuff. It's it's crazy. And like we've been doing this campaign for about over a year now and we haven't been able to play obviously in the last couple of months because of everything going on. Um And yeah it sucked because like I am loving the campaign, I'm loving the characters, like everything is so much fun. Probably like the only time in my life I'll ever take a character from like one to max level,
we're able to pick it up again once this is over. Um and when that happens, that's probably going to be one of my next tattoos is getting my, my my I'm playing like a bird person, like necromancer guy, so
yeah, it's been it's been wild. Um Yeah, that's awesome that you played to India. I love board games. I used to I kind of have like my own little business where I was like selling board games for a time. Um So yeah,
I've been a big gamer in all kinds of formats, so that's our that's our 25 minutes um If you've got places to go or things to do, like we can cut it whenever. Um So yeah,
I have, I play on a playstation actually, pretty
Yeah, sorry, the playstation and Xbox, like the never the two shall meet. Do you do any online gaming?
E CN it, that's what I meant to say.
Oh yeah, I run to score. Let me send you just how do I actually, I don't think I've done uh like at a friend thing and discord in a while, but
Yeah, I know this was great. That was just me and you. I um I
uh I've done a lot of different things, like I'm kind of in one of those people that I've tried to turn in one way or another, like my hobbies that I enjoy into some sort of business at some point, and I've kind of cycled through all of them and
none of them have really, uh, stuck as far as a lucrative business or something like that. But one of the things I was doing for a long time was a freelance writing and reporting for like video games and board game industry. So I've done, I don't know how many interviews with just, you know, complete strangers who I decided to touch base with for whatever reason, either they developed a cool game or we're doing something. So yeah, I felt, I felt confident that I was going to make this conversation work, but you made it easier, You were fine.
jeez. Way to make this as hard as possible.
Yeah, No. Yeah, no, most of the, most of the people, I've, because there's been a couple of conversation things I've done like this through prolific. Uh, most of them seem to be on the younger, the younger, you know, spectrum or like, you know, like our age, you know, young, like, you know, 30s, maybe 40s and stuff like that. It's kind of seems to hit. There is, I think like old people, older people, sorry, would just like
I
have too much trouble like managing and navigating all the technology and you know, stuff of these websites. I think so, yeah, it's been fine brahman. Um, well, I'm gonna let you go.
My
question,
you know, stay safe.