Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay mm. Yeah yeah. Mhm. Okay yeah. Hello?
Hello?
Hi.
Good how are you? Mhm.
that's right
my name is Andrea
I'm from michigan
Yeah.
Um Those grand rapids there's Lansing ann arbor Detroit those are the main ones.
Oh that's
where
I'm from
Yeah it's yeah I probably could see myself living here for quite a while. I
spent
most
of my
I grew up in grand rapids um but I spend most of my weekends in northern michigan. There's quite a few nice lakes and condos and stuff up there that my family has.
What about you? Where are you from?
That's what
I heard.
interesting. I was actually supposed to live in California
in um in livermore for the summer
well I was supposed to have my whole summer there so
um my boyfriend is a nuclear engineer and he
was
going to work at the national lab in livermore and so that turned virtual so he's kind of working from them just from here in michigan. So yeah, I was just going to get like a trader joe's job or something this
summer.
But yeah, so.
Yeah, just because I mean I guess they decided in March may be the end of March um and still so much was just unknown, so they just decided I think they canceled nationally like all of the nuclear internships. So I mean it worked out that he can work from here. Um So that's kind of fun but
it
was really just for the summer. Um Pretty much just I guess may through august. Um So I guess it's a lot cheaper than we can just stay at home and like you can work and we can kind of do whatever pretty much every weekend we go up north and stay at the condo and you have vacation time, but it's nice that we can, you know, work from wherever and not really have a set schedule.
Um so what he focuses on currently is he does a lot of research and um so nuclear, I think nonproliferation, so uh kind of learning on how to stop um I guess nuclear information from getting into the wrong hands, but also stopping it and
learning how to stop explosions before they start. But then he also works a lot with nuclear energy. So
when you have nuclear energy, you're going to have a byproduct of I guess nuclear waste. And so kind of learning how to Ethically deal with that kind of waste is kind of what he looks at two,
of stuff that I don't understand, but
Um not 100% sure yet. Um he's just finishing his master's and then considering doing
depending
on kind of what education looks like for the next years to perhaps.
what about you, what do you do
for work?
interesting,
interesting,
No.
Yeah, that makes that makes sense to me cool,
that's great. So you can do that all virtually, Are you working from home?
That is great,
interesting,
Good.
so I just finished my Masters in nutrition um and I was I was in massachusetts for my um for that, so I kind of am back in michigan for good now um but I still have a dietetic internship to finish before I can actually become a registered dietitian Um and so I'll be starting that at the end of September and that's like a 10 months program, It's kind of just like a medical residency where you're learning and applying all of your skills that you've learned in uh you know education and actually putting in the practice in like a hospital setting.
That's
it,
yeah, that's what I love about it, I also love that, it's not an exact science and that you just really take into account you know, everything about the person when you meet them, not just you know, what's your end goal, it's also what's your lifestyle like because
you know, some some nutrition stuff, you know, can't be applied to everyone. So I love the individuality that goes along with that too.
I kind of started in high school,
I was a competitive swimmer and my coach was really honest, you know, like put good in, you'll get good out and so he was really, you know, stop eating those chips before practice because that's not going to help you out and um that kind of thing. So I really liked going further into
it in high school and learning more than, and then I got my bachelors in health and fitness. Um I don't really know if I wanted to go more and be like an athletic trainer or a personal trainer or go nutrition. I don't really know what route I wanted to go into. Uh and then kind of settled my senior year of undergrad um thinking like, okay, I really want to go into nutrition's. Then I chose a master's program that would um you know, really specialize and focus on nutrition, so that's kind of why or how I decided to go through that route. So I do have a special interest specifically in sports nutrition. Um but I think long term career wise, I'm going to focus on uh pediatric, clinical hospital nutrition. So, working with kids.
it
can
be tough,
it can be really tough to balance all of that. I mean, I don't have kids, but we learn all the time in our in all of our classes to not necessarily associate food with being a prize, but that's the easiest thing to do. And so you can't and you can't tell someone not to do that because it's so tough, like what else is
there?
You can't you can't keep giving them toys or, you know, other stuff like that, but that's kind of hard to, well, what we learn is putting, you know, what you actually learn and then actually applying into people's everyday lives. It's, that's probably one of the toughest, toughest parts. Mhm.
Um in Massachusetts, I worked at like a long-term care hospital and um with people who have been in the hospital from anywhere from 1 to 2 years to like 30 years and um working with that population was great and it was very consistent, and the same people consistently had the same issues and they were eating this thing every day. I really, it's not that I didn't like it, but I want and like those people were great, but I kind of wanted a population. Um that was changing. And so working in a hospital where people's maximum stays or maybe a week to two weeks um and so like, the people are constantly changing, You have Um there's a lot of new calculations in nutrition and everyone needs different things, so I think it's just be more fun with a higher turnover rate. Um and I think kids are at a wonderful age where you can have a lot of fun with them um and I'm sure, I mean 60 year olds are fun too, but
you know, they're jokes get old after a while. I think
that kids are tons of fun. I taught swimming lessons for a really long time and I loved getting to know the kids and it was it was like hilarious. Kids are so funny. So
I mean, I think working with them would be just my ideal. Uh you know, we're setting having
having a bunch of small co workers. Mhm.
Mhm.
that
would be,
so um it's kind of something that is definitely the outpatient where you'd go and go to like a specific nutritionists office by them by themselves, but in the hospital setting um like say some like a 10 year old comes in cancer. And they're going to be at the hospital for a week and they're going to start going to all these tests and they have to be there and um what not. So they have a special diet that they're going to need specifically for cancer uh and for that condition. So we're going to tell the cooks you know this is what this person has to eat. And so then we also monitor how much water they take in and then their electrolytes and like you know basics protein fat and carbs. So all those things are specific For cancer for this 10 year old male for example. And then you have on the other side say someone's going in and getting a liver transplant for some reason or some other I don't know Hi Some other issues. They have type one diabetes if they are born diabetic. And so they're going to be staying in the hospital for You know four or 5 days. And so that person needs immediately. They can't just get the random what everyone gets in the hospital. So they'll get like a specialized um nutrition plan or um if someone breaks their leg they'd get something slightly different than um just someone else. So depending on how long their stays are there going to be getting different food in um Just different proportions and others and then um there's also the situation for if their digestive tract isn't working correctly or they're having surgery stomach or something along the small intestines. Um There's called feeding tubes.
And so you literally put like a little um input area or like you go through like near the belly button and you go directly into the stomach. Um Or you can go um like through your nose and then like through like the nasal, through the throat, directly into the stomach. So you kind of bypassed the esophagus and you have like nutrition bags there, I don't know maybe about this big and it has like all of the food in it and it's a liquid form. And so all of those things are made by nestle makes them um I don't know all the different like food and beverage companies, they all have different formulations of different like protein carb, water fat and so it takes a lot of different calculations. Um So someone gets hooked up to a feeding tube and then it's just it just goes for them so that they're not actually eating it through
their mouths. And so that's kind of more of the calculations that we do for people. Um And so that's actually pretty common for younger kids when they go into surgery and especially if they have something um that prevents them from actually ingesting food. We do a lot of calculations for that.
Yeah and I actually
I didn't have any idea about a lot of that either. Um and I actually prefer because I I really thought that I was going to be doing more coaching and that the same what what you just described meeting with people and I have actually done that a few times already and I don't mind doing that. They would be definitely more like on the side if I were to do kind of a private practice type thing, but I kind of like the consistency of being able to go to a hospital and helping kids um that way um and then maybe do the coaching type stuff on the side because that is fun. I do think
it's fun to work with people and then help them either lose weight or manage a condition or something like that, I think it's fun to.
not yet actually. Um at least not with anything nutrition related, I've worked with kids kind of like I said for like swimming lessons and in preschools and um babysitting and stuff, but I've never done um any sort of clinical or education work yet, so that'll be super brand new and I'm hoping I like it because my whole internship is based
on
the kids, so yeah, I hope it
goes off.
And I've um in my masters, we took a nutrition counseling class and um just from the personal experience of my instructor, she was telling me well I guess she was telling the class but she she tried to work in pediatrics and she couldn't because she just couldn't like you're supposed to just it becomes customary and you get used to people coming in for that type of thing. But she said she just couldn't and she kept in like imagining like her sister in that situation or her brother and I just can't I can't get around it. And so that was really tough for her. So I know we'll be taught you know, some coping techniques for that thing. But I also think we're gonna be seeing so many people that we just need to remember that this isn't you know, this isn't our family member that's in that um.
And you
also get to see, go ahead. Mhm.
Uh I also like it because you get to see, especially with these one week, two weeks days you get to see the person progress so fast and it improved their condition which I think will be the bright side of it.
I mean I was there part time and so I mean I wasn't there every day but I did get used to like make friends with quite a few of the residents that were there. Um but sometimes it just feels I mean it is kind of sad when someone passes or like some someone who's there for 30 years and they I mean they're not doing any better and they can't leave but like sometimes family just doesn't visit as often. So you kind of feel bad for those types of people. There's there weren't a lot of happy endings I guess when you're working with an older population you know you just see the same people every day and
their
life.
So
um I guess I
don't like any diets and most dieticians don't um
Because when you look at all these diets and you hear tons of stories of all this amazing weight loss people had with them um a lot of times people gain it all back because like for whole 30, you have what is it like 30 rules or something that you can't You know, stray from and so people do it for a month. Typace people do whole 30 for a month and it's I mean sure I mean there's some things in there that are fine
but you're also cutting out major food groups and there's a lot of restriction and so when you restrict so heavily um you end up cutting a lot of calories that way, so it's not necessarily what you are eating into, that you're not eating a whole bunch because of all these strict rules. And so when people go back to their normal eating, they gain all this weight back because they restricted so much that they ended up binging on All this ice cream and cake and pie and all these things that they were telling themselves they couldn't eat for those 30 days. Um
And so I think ultimately the best
diet is one that, you know, you can maintain for the rest of your life. Um And I would tell someone if they're thinking about going keto,
it's like, well, do you think you could do this for the rest of your life? Do you think you could really realistically cut out eating bread and pasta and sugar for the rest of your life? Because you can't I wouldn't recommend you doing this and
that. And so the reason why most people lose a lot of weight is because they're cutting out these major food groups and you're just not you're not eating them anymore. And so then you you want to eat them because normally they cut out the things that people end up really loving and It ends up being a cycle of, well I lost £30 with this one, but then as soon as I started and as soon as I dropped the diet, I gained £50 because I ate all those bad foods again. Mhm. So I guess when I tell people the secret
to a diet or a secret to losing weight, I would say focus not on what you can eat, but what you should be eating more of. Because when you eat more like whole grains and fruits and vegetables and fiber and um you know, whole foods, so just whole fruits and things like that, you're naturally not going to have enough room for the foods that are high in calories, like chips and ice cream and pizza, not they have to cut them out, but if you make more of your plate vegetables, you're going to have less of your plate available for those uh lesser healthy foods.
So
that's
kind of yeah, that's kind of what I tell people as like the ideal diet is one where you're not actually dieting, it's what, you know what you can maintain long term and not get annoyed and you hate yourself for for doing.
I bet,
Well
you're
definitely sounds like you're on the right track, that's
good.
Um What kind of outdoor stuff do you guys do in California? Because that was kind of my yeah my main want to be in California for the summer, I feel like there's so much to do and outdoorsy stuff out there. Do you partake in all that or?
Mhm.
Well I think we passed our 25 minutes.
I think we
just
go back to the
original page.
I think we just close the tab. Yeah.
Yeah just as return to that browser tab to continue the participation.
It's Andrea
His his name's
Flynn.
Yeah. I had
time getting
to know you too.
Thank you. And good luck to you as well in California and
maybe a possible move. Yeah. Mhm.
All right.
Bye.
You do.