SPEAKER_L: Yes. Uh huh. Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's, wow. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: Hi,
SPEAKER_R: What we're doing?
SPEAKER_L: Good, how are you?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, one pretty okay. Not bad. No, just open my day kinda ends well. I got like a lot of almost to do. So hopefully
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: that yeah, it's constant, hopefully confirmation to grain because I'm, I just want to be free tomorrow. I don't want to do anything to me and I just want to relax, have a nice to stay and I would like that before the weekend comes and you kind of get busy again and I want to like that. So you know, that's my life so far.
SPEAKER_L: I I mean I get it. I have to go back to work after this, I'm using, this is my lunch break to take a break from having to be an adult. So
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: I sympathize with that, yep.
SPEAKER_R: no, no. Where
SPEAKER_L: Trust
SPEAKER_R: do you work out there? Like what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: I'm a software engineer, so I work
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: for a health care company that manages like healthcare data. No.
SPEAKER_R: That's pretty nice. Um I'm doing mathematics right now, but when I'm done, I plan on going back to take out print like an engineering cars, uh mechanical or electrical engineering, something like that. I don't know, it depends on whatever. Because I'm a really good attention people. Like I was, I was thinking, you know, it was gonna be easy, but how do I have pretty much like physics and mats, but I'm not really good at fascinated London, like whatever I know down to other people. So I'm like, you know, just fuck it. I'm just gonna do something, something else that would probably be a little bit like more, you know, easy for me to be able to like, oh, embrace it on every point that Yeah. So is anything
SPEAKER_L: I actually actually switched from physics into computer science because when I got a physics internship it was all coding and I was like this is kind of cool and then I was like but I can definitely get a job programming. I don't know if I can get a job in physics where I live, so I just was like, screw it, we'll switch. Ouch.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I pretty much leaving close to Chicago. So
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: how do I pretty much want to like move out when I'm done with college? Because I mean you guys was pretty okay but it's not like the best place ever. Like even like I have like people you pretty much know. It's kind of like kind of sucks so I'm hoping I could move out when I'm done. Go somewhere else. Just explore other places. Just not fun, things like that. But yeah, I know, it's pretty, pretty hard
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: to like, I repeat you in that. I did company science some semesters ago and I was like, okay, this is like a whole new world to me, like what's going on? I was kind of like kind of like what's going on there for us, then I have to like watch Youtube videos when I want to do piping and I know the kind of things because I wasn't really getting more, my teacher was trying to tell me everything like that, so I was like, no, I can't just waste my money. I'm paying for this thing. I gotta like glenn out to do other things myself. So I decided to like just sit down, just watch the videos, try to understand and do some other things, although I'm not really the best guy at it, but I'll try my best to try and it's pretty
SPEAKER_L: It's one of those things that doesn't make any sense until it clicks and when it clicks it's just like, oh it all falls into place and that's,
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: I mean that's how physics
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: was for me too. I was like when physics finally like made sense, I was like, oh everything
SPEAKER_R: that's the
SPEAKER_L: makes
SPEAKER_R: way
SPEAKER_L: sense now
SPEAKER_R: I feel about physics and maths and I feel like that's the
SPEAKER_L: purpose
SPEAKER_R: joy from satisfaction I get from, you know my name. That oh, this is the way the thing is, you know, that's how it's supposed to be. All, that's why this is this, that's why I pretty much love it. Like for others, I pretty much I'm like, okay, you know, I don't really care about physical matchup, like, wow, that's pretty cool, you know? Although I feel like others like biology, I'm not really good about it, but anthropologie my uncle told me it's no biologist, pretty much basically just life, you know, everything you see around you, apology, you know? But I feel like physics, I feel like everything is the same thing. Physics as well. Everything around you, there's a physics the same with max, you know, you did with everything like that. So, you know, although I'm not really good at biology, biophysics is just pretty sweet and interesting and at the point that
SPEAKER_L: well and physics explains
SPEAKER_R: what's going
SPEAKER_L: so much
SPEAKER_R: on
SPEAKER_L: about just like what you have to like go through on a day to day life, just like as people like in existence, like all the things that happen around us, obviously like everything is applied physics, every single thing is applied physics and I never get over. That blew my mind.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, probably just tells you why this is this why this that with an equation to it, so that you can pretty much Snowden didn't just come from nowhere. There's something that started it then linked with this this this this to found this. They're like, okay, so this is why the light is going like this, this is why something is working like this, and I'm like, okay, cool, cool, cool, cool. So yeah, it's pretty, pretty interesting. And so far, I guess hopefully it doesn't go too hard on me when I'm almost done and everything like that because sometimes we almost done. You feel like, you know, it's getting hard and everything like that, but you know, I can put you got it, thanks together. And at that point that, so
SPEAKER_L: what year
SPEAKER_R: how long
SPEAKER_L: are you in
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: school?
SPEAKER_R: the one I'm
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: currently, I told you right now? Almost my from earlier. I mean, I don't know how to put it. I would say it's my toad here, like it's supposed to be like a five year kind of program instead of four about what you don't spend for. So just like, okay, it's just my 30 years just have like one more to go away. So I don't really say four years or something like that. It's whatever another point. That's how long have people working with this um software engineer.
SPEAKER_L: I graduated two years ago with this december, so I've been working at this company for I guess, almost two years now, so it's pretty crazy. I feel old.
SPEAKER_R: Uh We all feel old at some home, but please,
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: you know,
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: weird because like, I doesn't feel like I graduated, especially because of like the pandemic and everything, it does not feel like I graduated two years ago. It feels like I graduated like six months ago, so I'm just like, no, it's been 10 years.
SPEAKER_R: so and that's what I felt, I just feel like when you're inside you just feel like things are kind of like a little bit slower or something like that. I don't know. Then when you go out you're like, oh everything is, you know, pretty fast, you know, nothing is waiting for your life moves on and everything like that. Something Okay, so how are you doing with coronavirus over like where you at?
SPEAKER_L: So I'm in
SPEAKER_R: Are
SPEAKER_L: Canada Kansas city area, so we're okay. Um I'm in the part of the midwest where there's a lot of people who are very Republican and very like I'm not going to wear a mask, like this isn't real, like you don't know what's
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: happening
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: and so it's really um interesting to be around it, but for the most part, like the people like I associate with and the people I'm around are all just fine, Like we're all just at home doing nothing. My friends to get together and play cards on zoom every weekend because we don't know what else to do with our lives. So how's
SPEAKER_R: I feel
SPEAKER_L: your college
SPEAKER_R: it.
SPEAKER_L: handling it? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: man, okay. It could be better to just, you know, because I actually thought it was gonna like be like okay you guys don't have to come for the semester and just stay back where they're like nah no no no you guys are coming back. No weird. And I was like okay let's go back and everything like that. But I was always inside most of the time. Well let's probably go to class. I just come back home and it's like, and I feel like people stick going to bars and everything like that. And then, and the school didn't do anything about it. So it's kind of like shocking. You know, just allowing everybody cases kind of like started going up a little bit. Then the old Illinois, the case is also like going up and everything like that. But they were like, nah, no, you guys are still gonna stay. You know, we're keeping it under control. And I'm like, okay, cool, cool. So I pretty much don't go out at all. But last week I kind of like thought I had the coronavirus because I had like all the symptoms like I was a headache. That is so true, like in high fever kind of everything, But I just found it like, it was acceptable or something like that. No, I was like, oh, cool. Because I thought, because I was like, I don't go out. I don't see anybody. So this is not like my, my, my chances as opposed to like really low for me to get it. But you know, it's whatever. But I'm glad I'm doing okay because last week I was doing entire book, wasn't doing fine at all. But now I'm doing better and I'm just looking forward to the thanksgiving break. That's in like a week or so. So I go back home and my family up some good time. Probably go for like black Fridays. I'm like, I don't know if this is going to be a black friday this year. I know.
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Probably
SPEAKER_L: don't know. I've heard
SPEAKER_R: online.
SPEAKER_L: that they're not really doing like a lot of stores have already started to try to prevent the crowds
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: on black
SPEAKER_R: gonna
SPEAKER_L: friday.
SPEAKER_R: be a while or something like that. What what's the problem? I feel like the big ones are still going to do it but
SPEAKER_L: Probably.
SPEAKER_R: some will probably be online. Just shop online and everything like that. Well I I really don't go. This is gonna buy first time ever going to black friday. And I think if there's gonna be one, I don't really go. I just like why why why do you want to go and just run around into car? Somebody push you like what the fuck? You know?
SPEAKER_L: go
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: two places on black friday and that's like home depot because I love like, like I
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: love building stuff and like doing woodworking projects. So like I'll go and get tools because one people go to pump people in black friday but people people to go to home depot on black friday aren't like the soccer mom who's going to kick people in like karate chop somebody to get to the $2200 tv. Now they're all like yeah this is a $600 tool that's now $400 so I'm just going to wait in line for it and I'm just like, yeah, you guys are my people all hang out here.
SPEAKER_R: true. I don't know. It's it's always different. She like new videos every year. People fighting over my dude. You're notified. Yeah. Fight
SPEAKER_L: It's just
SPEAKER_R: of oil. Yeah. I'm pretty sure, I'm pretty sure those like companies and everything like that they make, you know, sales and everything like that. I appreciate that. That's that's like the root price. It just put like a price on it. I was like, oh, 20% off. You know, it's supposed to be ordinary fund, right? But before on you it's 600 now. Just by now. I just like, okay, thanks buddy. But it's whatever. I guess it's kind of like fun or sometimes because I don't I don't really get the whole idea of being right. It's whatever. And I get to like do thanksgiving dinner with my family up some fun cook for them because I love cooking a lot. I'm
SPEAKER_L: cooking is
SPEAKER_R: lou
SPEAKER_L: great. I spend a lot of time cooking.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I spent a lot of time thinking so I could like twice a week, three times depends on whatever I could. But I must look like like stop that last medical long time because I'm a coach so I can't be cooking like every single day. But so I have to look like something I knew like, okay, just put in the fridge can come back to, you know, just pack it up and eat it again and everything like that. So that's my life. It's my life
SPEAKER_L: When I was in college I cooked on Sundays and then would pack like all my meals for the week,
SPEAKER_R: months
SPEAKER_L: so I would spend all
SPEAKER_R: year.
SPEAKER_L: sunday cooking and then just like pack stuff in the bridge
SPEAKER_R: Church?
SPEAKER_L: lined it up because I just didn't know what else to, like I wasn't gonna cook on afghan school nights at
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: home work.
SPEAKER_R: couldn't buy days because my Saturdays, I just pretty much just sleep all day on Saturdays for some red, just fine. Just find it like, just have like this pleasure, just doing nothing on saturday. Just sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep. So I'm like, do it, you gotta figure out. So I'm like, ok, instead of just sleeping out in the spring, but just kind of probably watch a movie, making a nice break first, you know, watch a movie or something like that. But on Saturdays, I don't do anything my own marks. I didn't do them during the week on Sundays. That's it. Pretty much premature. I
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: always
SPEAKER_R: like, I'm I'm the busy type
SPEAKER_L: so go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: some, it's okay, I'm like busy during the week, like from morning to like seven, depending on the time, but most of the time always been like money to seven, but after seven o'clock I'm always freezing doing anything. So those times I'm kind of busy during the week, so I kind of like, okay, you know, I have to rest, have to like try to like have some time for myself. I'm like, okay, saturday is just gonna be that day, but just don't do anything. I just pretty much just lay around doing nothing stuff and it's pretty much been okay. Pretty much just gives me, well I mental states a little bit better and it's not like that, so that's, that's something I really value a lot. Hello?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I used to, I always think like grand plans for my saturday is like we've been working on remodeling our house and like I'm always like, okay, this saturday I'm going to get these three things done because I've been procrastinating on them forever and then I end up sleeping. So someday my house was depended someday.
SPEAKER_R: no. So yeah, I was always like that, just pretty much want to do something. I'm like, nah, I would, I would like, like it depends. I feel like I do that for causes that I don't really, like when I was like a freshman, like, like the english and the Scots is probably, I have like an O mark. Do you weigh like two weeks? I mean it's just better if we could just do it today because it's something you could probably just do in a day. Well I'm like, nah, we're gonna wait for the weekend, the weekend cause by like next week, next weekend comes back like my day after or before. I'm like, I pretty much just end up doing it like a day before. I'm like, why? Why do I always stress myself? I'm like, you just do it pretty early and everything like that. But I still, I still pretty much on my own market like two days before or something kinda. I never let my lesson hopefully
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: someday.
SPEAKER_L: okay in four years. I never learned, I never figured it out. Or 4.5, I guess it took me 4.5 to graduate. I never figured it out. I literally, every time I was like, alright, this semester I'm going to buy a pretty agenda and I'm going to like line everything up and I'm going to schedule time that I'm going to do this stuff and it's going to be wonderful and I'm not going to be stressed out. And then I would like go home from class. I'm just like got
SPEAKER_R: probably don't do anything. Just unless I probably have like an exam coming up test then I probably just read um okay, read this, read that ha
SPEAKER_L: Hey.
SPEAKER_R: ha I'm fine. I'm just just call my own day. But you know, college has been fun and it's, I wouldn't trade is better than high school. Um In terms of trivializing a lot of people, I feel like high school is a little better. But in terms of education where I'm trying to like plan something for the colleges more better. I learned more from college and everything like that. And I said I wasn't, I was just, I was just always like, okay, let's go next day, let's please, let's just go wild day because I never approved. It just landed at, in high school. I was
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: just not.
SPEAKER_L: liked college
SPEAKER_R: It was like
SPEAKER_L: lot
SPEAKER_R: an
SPEAKER_L: more than high school, but I really liked my independence. Like I like not having to, I like moving on my parents, like, I love my family, but I was like, I'm ready to be my own person and like live on my own.
SPEAKER_R: nobody
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: knows
SPEAKER_L: when I got to college,
SPEAKER_R: me.
SPEAKER_L: it was just like privacy.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, That doesn't mean right now, but me in high school, like I would always sometimes like a break in a short break, long break. I would never be at home. Like I'm going to move, probably going to my grandma's place, my cousin's place, somebody. But I'm never always at home. Like all my music, my middle school year, high school year. I never had time for the other day. So with somewhere else, my mom was like, why, why do you always want to just go somewhere else? I'm like, I don't know. You know, it's just very much I stay with you like the old semester along three months and let me have my old freedom and peace from Youtube. I'm like, okay, just go, I'm like, okay, I'll have fun. You know, we'll come back again to in your semester. Just have fun again. So, so yeah, high school was very fun. Yeah. I was, I played soccer for my school. Um, I was in track and field and I was like, I'm not like the fast food by like this time in there I could go on and on and on and no, no, no, no. And even though sometimes I'll like, just chest abdominal pain, I felt like everyone for like two hours, but I would never get tired. I said like I could go for like another two hours. Like it was like, it was like I was on crack or something. I don't know, I was just like different, I was a different type of human being back then. You know, it's the same thing right now if I go to the gym and I was like a trade me or something like that. I think people just look at the wall, I just look at the direction I just kept running and running and running and running and I feel like I could go forever, but you know, I don't want to like break down my body because I don't know how, oh well nobody's going to keep up with me. I never find that just for, it's pretty much as, you know, I don't get James out that march just for, you know, probably where I eat like a lot and I feel like, oh, we're probably gonna get like a back chain reaction. I know, I don't, I don't want that. So I pretty much just go to the gym just, you know, lose some calories. I never felt like that then that's not eating again. And I'm like, okay shit, let me go back again, let me go back again, Just come back now. So that's me, that's me.
SPEAKER_L: I went
SPEAKER_R: Energy,
SPEAKER_L: to the gym a lot in college, but I didn't, I hated running. I hate, I hate running. I can't run a mile.
SPEAKER_R: Well I won't
SPEAKER_L: I can't hate it. I'm terrible. I'm slow. I'm like, not meant for that, but I like live weight, like weight lifted all the time in college. Like every morning, five a.m. In the gym open. That's where I was. Yeah. I haven't set foot in a gym since I graduated, but I didn't college. I tried.
SPEAKER_R: I mean right now you have to wear your max because my school we have like a chain, so you have to let max to like go to the gym and for the school, but I got to wear masks and running like two miles, you know, for two miles, women max, it's going to be difficult for me to bridge. I never played, so I pretty much just do my gym at the apartment I stay at because we have like a home gym and everything like that, I just do my stuff there and go back home because the same thing because I play soccer for fun on Saturdays or Fridays with my friends, I never plan. So the school is like for you to play soccer on the school field, all the school facilities you have to like your max. And I'm like, dude, I'm gonna be running left and right back in front. You know where my mass is not, it's not gonna be I do for me. So I just stopped going. I stopped going for a while, but hopefully I can go once all my time
SPEAKER_L: Published
SPEAKER_R: before the the and sign up for that. But I don't know, I'll see today if I'm not to be because this message is almost over about like four or five more weeks ago. And before we say by two, this christmas break, then come back again for another semester next year. How far I just want to go with it. I'm tired and really time?
SPEAKER_L: I feel that I was dead. By like your I mean, I was dead when I got to college but like by year three I was like get me out, get me out, get me out, get me out. And then it took me an extra semester to graduate because I changed my major. So like I changed my major like six semesters before I graduated. So I had to like 20
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: credit hours every semester to graduate. And I was like, this is the dumbest thing I've ever done. I
SPEAKER_R: 10?
SPEAKER_L: hate it. I want to die. I regret this. I should have dropped out and got in the army and I was like, yes,
SPEAKER_R: uh that's funny.
SPEAKER_L: so
SPEAKER_R: So if you would want drunk, uh come picture, you know, software engineer right? Is like something else you will be doing right now. Like if you really like doing software engineers, there's something else you would like to do.
SPEAKER_L: I always wanted to be a fighter pilot. If I could be anything, I'd be a fighter pilot.
SPEAKER_R: And more.
SPEAKER_L: I like, I don't know I want to be a fighter pilot for the military but I don't wanna have to go through basic training. I don't want to have to like I just want people to fly the plane just let me fly the plane and go home at the end of the night. No.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like it was also like, so, and that will become like a mechanical engineer. Um it's better. I don't know. It's man right now. I don't know because I'm not getting the job yet. No, but I was wanted to be pilots as well. Although I can still become one though if I probably joined the um, what's it called for us or something like that. Uh I don't know. Maybe baby. I'm still making up my mind probably in
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: think you ever really have to decide like I think you can just kind of like you can just be a kid forever in like someday you'll just be like, oh yeah, this is my job. I mean like I have friends that graduated with me in 2018 that are already going back and getting a second degree because they're like, you know, I thought I like that but I don't I actually want to do this. So at least there's always that
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I mean that's, that's the thing about life. You know, there's always like another child for you too decide what you like. You know, even if you tell you it doesn't matter as long as you kind of like know what you're doing. Kind of like know that okay, this is not for me, you know, I just want to go back do what I kind of like enjoy a little bit because you don't want to do something you don't pretty much like, you know, because you want to have like this kind of joyful you're doing even though it's gonna distress with most jobs our jobs are stressful. But as long as you how can I have like two compassion for it? Like joy for it? It gives you going. It keeps your keeps the drive there and I'm pulling that so that's what that's what like it's pushing me forward like that, you know, physics and everything matter the Detroit. I'm gonna do something beauty, something, make something fantastic, you know? And if it's like that, okay, let's just keep going. Don't go back down. I'm not backing down now. I have a longer to go, so let me just go, go go. So
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: do
SPEAKER_L: eventually
SPEAKER_R: you
SPEAKER_L: calms down.
SPEAKER_R: what is a
SPEAKER_L: I said it eventually calms down.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Um actually like that, I don't know, it's whatever, it's whatever. Just move on with it and move my life. So how often do you do? This is just like at the time, bruh?
SPEAKER_L: Like these chat things, I think this is the third one I've done. I don't know, I don't
SPEAKER_R: I think
SPEAKER_L: do it very often.
SPEAKER_R: this is my third one too. I think so. And I think they stopped
SPEAKER_L: It was
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: kind of
SPEAKER_R: wild
SPEAKER_L: fun.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's kind of fun to just meet some random person because I I barely talk to people, so I barely even say hi. I said hi Doper. I barely talked to people that problem. So it's kind of fond of I'm like a view is like oh if I could probably talk to somebody that I don't know, there's a big chance,
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: I could probably just say hi to somebody and just talk. But it's never like that. I'm always like kind of nevers because you know people you know you want to talk to black, I don't have a boyfriend. I'm like I'm not trying I'm
SPEAKER_L: I just wanted to say hi,
SPEAKER_R: not trying to ask you something but you know it's what happened, I
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, people are weird.
SPEAKER_R: don't want to like be ruled to anybody. So like every time I try to like approach a girl or something like that so it's like I don't know what's gonna go. I was gonna say I don't know if I'm gonna be judged because I hate judging people. I don't judge, I don't like judging anybody but you know, people will demand beings like always be here man. You know, they're always pretty much a judge you based on your first impression and never find that and I feel like the first impression doesn't really matter. Well this is like a professional standard where you're trying to get a job or something. It doesn't really matter what it is like relationship friendship because yeah the rest of whatever you guys are gonna have. So it will be based on the first impression is how much the tree too well and everything like that. So I don't know that's the that was my way of thinking but
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: that's what
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: man.
SPEAKER_L: everybody were to base their interactions with me up there, like first in person interaction with me, I wouldn't have any friends because I'm
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: super awkward
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: and I'm super shy. But once you can tell me, I'm like, it's just my humor. I'm good with stuff like this. When I meet people in person, I'm like, it's like once I get to know you, it's fine. But when I'm just like sitting here, it's just, I don't know, like I hate it. So I get that I totally try not to judge people off the first time I meet them because if people did that with me, I would literally never talk to anyone ever again.
SPEAKER_R: true. So I think probably the time is hot this but there was like 26 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I think we should be good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah so thank you. So thanks for talking with me. Was nice getting to know you and make sure you have a good time with your work, going back to work today and I would like that and just out fun this weekend. Hopefully just
SPEAKER_L: Why you too? And good luck with the rest of your semester.
SPEAKER_R: thank you. Thank you so much. I really appreciate that. So by.