Yes. Uh huh. Oh. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's, wow. Yeah.
Hi,
Good, how are you?
that's
I I mean I get it. I have to go back to work after this, I'm using, this is my lunch break to take a break from having to be an adult. So
I sympathize with that, yep.
Trust
I'm a software engineer, so I work
for a health care company that manages like healthcare data. No.
I actually actually switched from physics into computer science because when I got a physics internship it was all coding and I was like this is kind of cool and then I was like but I can definitely get a job programming. I don't know if I can get a job in physics where I live, so I just was like, screw it, we'll switch. Ouch.
What?
What?
It's one of those things that doesn't make any sense until it clicks and when it clicks it's just like, oh it all falls into place and that's,
I mean that's how physics
was for me too. I was like when physics finally like made sense, I was like, oh everything
makes
sense now
purpose
well and physics explains
so much
about just like what you have to like go through on a day to day life, just like as people like in existence, like all the things that happen around us, obviously like everything is applied physics, every single thing is applied physics and I never get over. That blew my mind.
what year
are you in
school?
It's
I graduated two years ago with this december, so I've been working at this company for I guess, almost two years now, so it's pretty crazy. I feel old.
it's
so
weird because like, I doesn't feel like I graduated, especially because of like the pandemic and everything, it does not feel like I graduated two years ago. It feels like I graduated like six months ago, so I'm just like, no, it's been 10 years.
So I'm in
Canada Kansas city area, so we're okay. Um I'm in the part of the midwest where there's a lot of people who are very Republican and very like I'm not going to wear a mask, like this isn't real, like you don't know what's
happening
and so it's really um interesting to be around it, but for the most part, like the people like I associate with and the people I'm around are all just fine, Like we're all just at home doing nothing. My friends to get together and play cards on zoom every weekend because we don't know what else to do with our lives. So how's
your college
handling it? Mhm.
I
don't know. I've heard
that they're not really doing like a lot of stores have already started to try to prevent the crowds
on black
friday.
Probably.
go
like
two places on black friday and that's like home depot because I love like, like I
love building stuff and like doing woodworking projects. So like I'll go and get tools because one people go to pump people in black friday but people people to go to home depot on black friday aren't like the soccer mom who's going to kick people in like karate chop somebody to get to the $2200 tv. Now they're all like yeah this is a $600 tool that's now $400 so I'm just going to wait in line for it and I'm just like, yeah, you guys are my people all hang out here.
It's just
cooking is
great. I spend a lot of time cooking.
When I was in college I cooked on Sundays and then would pack like all my meals for the week,
so I would spend all
sunday cooking and then just like pack stuff in the bridge
lined it up because I just didn't know what else to, like I wasn't gonna cook on afghan school nights at
home work.
I
always
so go ahead.
Yeah. I used to, I always think like grand plans for my saturday is like we've been working on remodeling our house and like I'm always like, okay, this saturday I'm going to get these three things done because I've been procrastinating on them forever and then I end up sleeping. So someday my house was depended someday.
it's
okay in four years. I never learned, I never figured it out. Or 4.5, I guess it took me 4.5 to graduate. I never figured it out. I literally, every time I was like, alright, this semester I'm going to buy a pretty agenda and I'm going to like line everything up and I'm going to schedule time that I'm going to do this stuff and it's going to be wonderful and I'm not going to be stressed out. And then I would like go home from class. I'm just like got
Hey.
I
liked college
lot
more than high school, but I really liked my independence. Like I like not having to, I like moving on my parents, like, I love my family, but I was like, I'm ready to be my own person and like live on my own.
So
when I got to college,
it was just like privacy.
I went
to the gym a lot in college, but I didn't, I hated running. I hate, I hate running. I can't run a mile.
I can't hate it. I'm terrible. I'm slow. I'm like, not meant for that, but I like live weight, like weight lifted all the time in college. Like every morning, five a.m. In the gym open. That's where I was. Yeah. I haven't set foot in a gym since I graduated, but I didn't college. I tried.
Published
I feel that I was dead. By like your I mean, I was dead when I got to college but like by year three I was like get me out, get me out, get me out, get me out. And then it took me an extra semester to graduate because I changed my major. So like I changed my major like six semesters before I graduated. So I had to like 20
credit hours every semester to graduate. And I was like, this is the dumbest thing I've ever done. I
hate it. I want to die. I regret this. I should have dropped out and got in the army and I was like, yes,
so
I always wanted to be a fighter pilot. If I could be anything, I'd be a fighter pilot.
I like, I don't know I want to be a fighter pilot for the military but I don't wanna have to go through basic training. I don't want to have to like I just want people to fly the plane just let me fly the plane and go home at the end of the night. No.
I don't
think you ever really have to decide like I think you can just kind of like you can just be a kid forever in like someday you'll just be like, oh yeah, this is my job. I mean like I have friends that graduated with me in 2018 that are already going back and getting a second degree because they're like, you know, I thought I like that but I don't I actually want to do this. So at least there's always that
it
eventually
calms down.
I said it eventually calms down.
Like these chat things, I think this is the third one I've done. I don't know, I don't
do it very often.
It was
kind of
fun.
And
I just wanted to say hi,
Yeah, people are weird.
I mean
if
everybody were to base their interactions with me up there, like first in person interaction with me, I wouldn't have any friends because I'm
super awkward
and I'm super shy. But once you can tell me, I'm like, it's just my humor. I'm good with stuff like this. When I meet people in person, I'm like, it's like once I get to know you, it's fine. But when I'm just like sitting here, it's just, I don't know, like I hate it. So I get that I totally try not to judge people off the first time I meet them because if people did that with me, I would literally never talk to anyone ever again.
Yeah, I think we should be good.
Why you too? And good luck with the rest of your semester.