Hello? Yeah. Mhm. How you doing?
I'm good. This is uh
prolific study right? Yeah.
Right.
I'm christian.
I am from Illinois. Uh huh.
Okay. Um I'm a Dallas Mavericks fan if you're a fan of sports
now.
No.
What's your favorite video game? I have an avid Xbox gamer.
I flipped
that.
I've played my favorite games are Red Dead Redemption because I I love the story lines and I
don't know
You sure?
Now
it's
not
thanks.
There you go. Right.
No your training you're not cheating.
Yeah you're just training up. You're not cheating. Yeah.
you're cold. Uh Far Cry.
Red Dead Redemption two has fishing right?
I feel like you would be able to get the shooting down on Red Dead because it's just like a you hold your tap L. Teen, it'll auto aim for you and it's not too different.
It's
but
Yeah. The second game and then you can, they have a legendary fish you can go after and you have to like use a special lure and it's a little farther in the game. You have to complete some of it to get to that point. But yeah, you can. That's
always
fun.
They have
what?
Mhm.
I'm 23.
I just moved into my first place and it's really been nice. I didn't know I was going to be moving in and the epidemic we're in. But yeah, it was right in the thick of it.
Yeah, it was,
yeah, I'm living with my girlfriend. Yeah, we moved
into,
yeah, we've been dating for five years and yeah, it's been nice.
started in high school and we made it all the way through college and now we're moving, we moved in this
last
month. Yeah.
Thank you. Uh Let's see.
Yeah. Yeah. Anything else have you? What is the best thing about texas that you could tell me about that? Maybe somebody else like me wouldn't know. Okay.
What
Put
Yeah. We're still dealing with. I mean it's like 50° today, you know, it wasn't too warm.
Well the whole northeast as that snow storm going on. It's crazy how? Yeah.
Mhm.
Are we?
Have you ever been to Chicago before?
You wanna you wanna adventure and see you. See what else? Yeah.
And
It's
and
it?
What?
I feel
like it. I wouldn't mind going in an RV and just you want to go to the quiet places that no one is that you can like see what the state has to offer or uh right because Illinois has a couple of places like that where you just sit in a park and enjoy the outdoors and it's just nice. But what I always wanted when I went to Nashville, I really like Nashville, but I started a landscaping business so I don't want, I
don't want to leave because I lose all my customers and starting a whole new, you know. Yeah.
hmm.
the
deserted, deserted amusement parks. Yeah.
When if you want to go see like the Russian or like the city that had the crisis and the nuclear, correct.
Noble. Wouldn't that be great?
it would look,
it would be eerie, but it's interesting to just here almost silence around you other than maybe a few birds. It's crazy too. Yeah.
But
maybe,
maybe not.
There's a whole
Yeah, there's a there's a whole YouTube channel of a guy who he just goes to these, he looks at Google maps and then he'll look at like the desert and he'll he found this house and then he went to the house, checked it out and was in a band and then he started searching through it and he's looking at letters from like 2012 and like there was nobody there, it was really interesting and then
yeah, it's just
a band hours
all this stuff and
it's like
That's
Yeah, that's it. I always think that's interesting too. So uh how long have you been doing prolific studies?
that's good.
Yeah.
But
it's really
I started doing it last, I think august when I was still in college and I wanted to occupy myself with something because I would have to sit on campus and wait. You know, I was like, why am I wasting my time? I wish I had done this throughout my old college. There's a ton of bland english classes that you don't need to listen to the lectures for. I wish I could just doing studies like this all the time. And
there's
yeah, there's a lot of interesting ones. I like, you know, they have like the court case ones and like what decision you would make? Like would you with if someone was getting sued? How much money and would you give them the full sentence or not?
Those are the interesting.
What?
No,
I
always,
I always
put it, I always put forward, I don't there's nothing that I would dislike or like about them. You've given me a couple of sentences. It's
funny.
O. J.
Yeah. I've tried all of the survey sites and prolific is definitely the best, you know.
lot of my buddies don't they just not into it. They don't, they just want to sit and watch Tik TAKS. They don't wanna they don't want to make money during their off times. It's funny. Uh huh.
She is a surgical technician and I went for public health. All I was running my landscaping business through college and it did so well. I just decided I have this degree in the back of this fails, but I'm just going to continue it and you know, and it's worked out really well this year and I'm happy with my decision and Mhm.
Yeah, I did. Yeah. No.
There.
Yeah. There is a lot up here, especially during the
spring. Is the lungs grow
so fast, you know? Yeah. Oh boy.
What did you, what did you, what did you end up you're a contractor for what? Exactly?
What?
Okay.
What?
Okay. And then have you ever heard of Playtests Cloud? That's another,
yeah. Do you have a smartphone? So if you
have a smartphone,
that's another way you can make money. Um you just, you're basically talking and reviewing an apple. You play it and they gave they pay $9 for a 15 minute play through. It's pretty good.
Yeah. Well it's definitely, I have never not got paid. They're very good. It's a german
company but they pay dollars
and they accept us like I really like that one too. That's my second favorite behind prolific. Yeah.
Great test. Cloud.
That
is one of my favorite.
$36 an hour is great and all its okay.
Yeah. They'll send you emails, you have to check your email quite often to him come up because they'll fill up like these will like preliminary guys if you have your notifications and you can get your email, you know, just click it to play it and then it's pretty fun. I mean they give you a bunch of fun apps to try out and then you get paid to play them. It's pretty interesting.
Mhm. Yeah.
Like.
Yeah. Well this is definitely an uh interesting study. I wonder what they're looking for in our conversation. I wonder what they're.
It's a
robot.
Maybe. Oh
boy. Mhm.
I am pretty diverse and like everything from rock, I haven't gotten too much in the country. Are you in the country because
Like her music, she's pretty good.
Her song for the Agent 47. What is the 007 if you listen to her news? Yeah.
Right.
And then the whole video, you hear all these people screaming and it's so annoying when she's performing. It's funny. Okay.
wow, it was really interesting. I
of
luck.
Nice to meet you. Best of luck. I hope
the
best for you.
Very
good.
I hope
you make it to
Oregon someday.
by
now.