I guess I can beat it. Okay, hearing around. Hi,
fine. How are you done?
Right.
on, I'm setting a timer because we have to talk for a full 25 minutes or we don't get paid. So I have a timer ready to go. Yeah,
here we go. Okay. I'm not used to talking to people on webcam, so this is real weird for me. So I'm Shannon.
Absolutely,
I'm from texas.
I dont sports ball at all.
No, no sports ball. Um let's see, I'm in the means let's swing in video
games. I'm 48, but I like means in video games. So um
I'm more of a play session, but um my favorites are for the playstation or like um you forgive me because I just draw blanks when I'm talking to somebody. Um like the ratchet and clank franchises spiral like dinky stuff like that. Um I also play computer games like I like um Grand theft Auto san Andreas and just um
I'll play
a bunch of stuff but those are the those are the kinds that I play a lot. So what kind of games do you play?
I
wanted to play that. That looks really good. I'm
not really good at those kind of games like Grand Theft Auto five. Like I kind of suck and that's why I don't play like multiplayer games because I kind of suck and I freak out when there's too much action going on so I want to play it but at the same time I know I'm probably gonna suck but I just recently found we might let me know if I'm screaming because I don't
know what my problem is
we
mod. It's a place for game mods but I don't have to download them and figure out where the game falls
are to put them in in anything. It just loads him out automatically. And so um I'm gonna start playing some harder games and I'll just use the cheats like full health or whatever that way I don't have to be scared.
So that's cheating. But whatever. Uh huh.
And what?
That's actually what they call and they call them trainers. And I'm like, yeah, because I might play without the cheats once I get used to it. Like um I got oh god, what? Yeah, it's a pretty but not fallout. It's a popular game and this one's about like a cult. And
Yeah. Yes. Far Cry five. I mainly got it because I want to fish. I wanna heard about how the fishing.
Okay. I have to get it. So anyway, so I got the far cry on sale, the gold edition. I got it on sale for like $13. And then and then I couldn't get the first level. I ended up on my gun out the window. It was really horrible. So now I've got the wii mod. So now maybe I'll play that game. Yeah. I used to get my son to do the hard stuff for me, but he works 12 hour midnight's now, so he's not always around. So yeah, I'm a little weenie if it's too hard, I'm just like I'm not gonna play this. So
that might
that will probably be a lot
easier with the far cry. Like you start off in this room and you're supposed to cover for your partner and your shooting out the window and everybody's shooting at you with me and then your partner is done. And and then when you run out of ammo, I just I didn't realize it. And next thing I knew I like was throwing my gun out the window and punching, I didn't know what to do. That's ridiculous. So yeah, I'm gonna use the cheap for that and I'll try a red dead redemption because that sounds fun.
I
love
stuff like that. I like collections. I like to explore. I like to like fishing. Well dinky
stuff
and I'll do some fighting, especially once I get better in a game. Like it took me forever to get good at um santa and dress, but I got better, but I still have not beat the game. I've got maybe halfway through and then I'll start again. Mhm.
I don't know. I'm not a game gamer, but I play games a lot, but I'm not, I'm not badass or anything. So. So anyway, so how do you?
23? My Children are older than you and my son five and my daughter is 20, 28 or 29. She's got her headphones in, I lose count. I'm pretty sure she's 29 now. I'm 48 and I'm going to see now obviously, so, but uh huh,
Oh gosh, that makes it more interesting.
So you're living by yourself during the pandemic and everything.
That's
good thinking. Not all by yourself.
Oh, that's that's good. That's good. That's always exciting your first place and moving in with somebody that you care about with.
I
was
congratulations,
but just
oh, you got the wrong person. I dream of leaving texas. I mean it's not horrible
here. I just don't, you ever just feel like you don't belong the place I've always lived here. I was born here, but I just maybe,
I mean I live under a rock, so I mean there's probably a lot of good things, but I mean just like, I feel like I belong like in Oregon or somewhere up north, that's not too cold though because I don't like a lot of cold. I actually have an online friend that lives in Illinois and she's offered for me to step there, but it gets a little too cold for me. But um
yeah, and somewhere up north and maybe it's in Canada, it's like snowing so it's crazy.
Um
I'm really coming up blank. I mean we don't
all wear cowboy hats and boots and say ha, but I mean as far as what's different here, passive aggression, I don't know. Uh huh.
No, I've hardly been out of texas. Maybe that's why I went out so bad just because I haven't been out.
my biggest dream is I would love to because I've never been able to travel. I've been out of the state like not counting seeing my grandma and Missouri. I've been out when Benda colorado twice. There's a fly in here colorado twice. Um and then on my honeymoon no longer married, happily divorced that you didn't ask
for that, but I just shared it. Um we went to like Tennessee and I don't remember where we just went to different places and but other than that, I have not been out of texas and I would love to have like a an RV and just go and just go place to place. And I don't want to just see like the tourist attractions. I want to just get to know different places. Just hang out, maybe make some extra money, cleaning houses for people or something or I do transcription
work. I could do that to you online and make a little extra money and just hang out and get to know the people,
get
to know the place of what it's like. And then we could find out where
I would be happy at from what I just research Oregon seems at the top of my list, but I might not like it there. So that's what I'd like to do. I'd like to just have a party and just travel around. So
maybe,
All
Yeah. When you have something like that, a career kids or family, then it can, it can be hard. And that's another thing, like I want to move to like another state, but also I don't want to move away from my kids were, you know, we're pretty close and so I want to move not so far that it's not easy to see him like, like once a month or something. Sorry, my nose it just um,
also, you know, and be fun as I watched the Youtube videos sometimes of these people that go to deserted like towns or um, just just a music amusement parks and stuff. I'd like to explore stuff like that. That would be
fine.
Yeah.
Chernobyl. That's
soccer. Chernobyl shadow of Chernobyl. Yeah, something like that would be real fun. And, and I would just stand there and pretend like nobody else existed because I love the idea of an apocalypse to convince but that I survive it and then I'm almost alone in the world.
What?
Yeah. Um, I was watching one today. There's an abandoned town. Like the whole town is just, there's a car, apartment complexes and city buildings and it's just all the electricity salon, but it's just empty and, but he could even go, um, what do they call it? Home studying? I don't know if that's still a thing you can do where you can just hunker down in a place and if you stay there long enough then it becomes
yours. That used to be a thing. I don't know if it still is,
come on
now
an apartment complex
and he's like what have been happens like
they
and then
that
would be so fun. That would be worth getting in good shape for where I felt good enough to go adventuring because right now I just don't feel good all the time and I don't really have the energy for half the stuff I want to do, but I would get in shape for something like that. If I had the money to travel in the how to figure out where to go and explore stuff, I'm getting shape and go do that, that
would be awesome. Mhm.
Oh gosh but I'm really sorry. My does is just it and I'm sorry about that. I can't leave the I'm afraid if I leave it that they won't pay me. So I'm just gonna scratch my nose right here in front of the um
at least a year. I found out about him from um I do transcription work for red dot com, it's freelancing and um you
pass the test and then they just have a list of jobs and you pick something you want and and do it. And they have a forum and they used to have a
thread where people shared different little side hustle money stuff and I found it there and I was really excited because I used to try to survey sites and you know they just like you answer like half of it and they're like oh not sorry you don't qualify for this one. Oh it was horrible. And then they didn't pay much and then I found this one and I can make like $25 a week easy. So
it's a nice little nice little side change. So how about you? How long have you been doing it?
we're
making some money while you're doing, you know? Yeah.
It
I hate the one. So where um they're like they give you applicants and then they want
you to answer questions about if you should hire him, but they hardly give you any information. And I'm not like
I don't know if they're a good worker from that or or is this person a good person? Well, I don't
know.
Maybe too
little.
If they
give you, if they give you a place to say anything about the study at the end, I'll tell them. I'll be like uh how am I supposed to decide if they're good or bad? You can tell me anything. Uh But and prolific also led me to I ended up signing up for Hive Mind, It's market research and just two weeks ago I did online focus group For four days in May, $200. Talking about pasta sauce.
It's the craziest thing. I didn't know you could talk about pasta sauce for four days, but I was like, I'll give it a try, I did it and they paid me and they gave me a $25 bonus. So I was like, Okay, so sign up for all the market research studies that you can do online and mm
yeah, I tell people about it all the time. So
I looked for years, some way I could make money at home online so if I can find something I'm gonna do it. So and it all adds up in a little bit so. So what did you and your girlfriend go to school for?
so you're still doing the landscaping but you've got a degree in public health.
that's good because it's always good to have options. So I mean working good for you. Oh
yeah go for that and then you've got the other to fall back on if the other one drives up. But I think you'll always have landscaping work so.
All
No.
mm
From red dot com. I just
just a free lancer um to
do transcription where people sit in their audios like stuff like this. Sometimes it's a video, sometimes it's just audio and then I've got to top up what they said in the back and forth and label the speakers and just provide a transcript for them. So, and it can be fun. It can be horrible because people saying in horrible audio all the time, but you get to pick them and once you get um so many minutes and you keep your metrics up, you get
into plus. And so you get first dibs on files And then you can pick from the better stuff. Because I used to have to do like 15 people focus groups, everybody talking over each other. That's horrible. You don't want to do that. So, so I pick easier stuff now and it's just, I've transcribed anything from like group studies to um court proceedings to um your classes, just all kinds of stuff. And I just top it up and submit it. Yeah. And they pay us to like so much per minute for each file. And and you work as little or as much as you want, which works good for me because I have a bunch of anxiety issues and some weeks I can go all out and other weeks or months I can work at all. So so it works real good for me. So
life has clown
and
or
oh, there's one for the computer to um like that and I forget what it's called. You you test or something like that, but you have to talk and I've got that lined up for like when um I'm living on my own, but my son that he works nuts and if he's not here and sleeping then he's at work and I'm about to go to sleep and so, and I don't want to think that it's a small trailer and I don't want to wake him up talking. So I have a quiet keyboard so that isn't bugging. But I think if I was talking out loud, especially since I tend to scream sometimes I think so. Um oh, try to remember that one though and put that I'm trying to make a list of stuff that I can't do that well now, but once I have a place of my own that I can add to the reb stuff that I do to my income. So
all
What's
a coke again? Play what?
By test cloud? I'm gonna write it down because like I said, I'm come
on,
I can't remember anything half the time.
Thank you.
Oh, that's what I like trying out stuff. And for a while I was doing product testing to um,
well actually I still do it for um, for amazon, I'm in the amazon buying program. But I mean I don't get paid anything, but I get the free products I get to just look through and fixed up. So that's pretty sweet. And then after six months I can sell things which I thought was going to be great. And at first I was requesting things that I thought people around here would want to buy are useful things. And then I realized that selling things in the local groups is not, I don't know, I just, I'm bad, I'm bad with growing plants and selling things. I'd suck up both of those or something. So, so I thought that was gonna be a that's something for me, but that didn't turn out that great. So now
just request things I actually want.
I don't know. I have expected because have you have you done the studies where they say they're going to pair you up with someone? But then they never do. I've
had
34 of those and I was wondering was I like are they gonna just psych us out again and we're going to get on and they're like psych this was just But no, they were serious. So I don't know, I guess to see how awkward people are when they talk to strangers, I don't know.
Uh huh.
So yeah. Yeah, with that now um What kind of music do you like? Yeah.
No, maybe that's one reason why I want to leave because I'm not when I was in high school and maybe my early twenties, I was in the country. But but not since then Uh for the last 20 years and I'm not like Dixie chicks. I like some of their older stuff. Still I might listen to that sometimes. But other than that, no, I don't listen to country. Um, I listen to anything from rap grunge. I like a lot of like grunge rock. Um, some of our, like, I'm a big Billie Eilish fan right now. I just love,
I just love her to death for some reason. Um,
yeah,
I want her live performance like seven times or something. She really belt it out there at the end. That was that was a shock. But
Well, we have talked 25 minutes.
It was, it was nice to meet you and I remember you were,
not
only because my cousin's name is christian. Yeah, no, you're christian. Her name is Kristen, but it's close enough, otherwise I probably have to ask you again what your name was, but but well, it was nice meeting you.
Thank
you
for you to good luck with your
business
and with your new your new apartment and and your girlfriend. I hope y'all have a good time together and
stay
safe.
Thank you. I hope so. If all right,
you have a nice
evening. Bye bye.