Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. What? Okay. Mhm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. Or Okay. Yeah. Oh. Mhm. Yeah, mm. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. But Brown says 200 examples where they have something. Yeah. Mhm. What? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mhm. What? Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well. Uh huh. Right. Uh huh.
Room.
I can hear you near me. Okay.
Okay. How are you?
I'm pretty good,
I just they're like the ones that got online. You know, reading glasses. So I just got them ones that work for me and good cheap paradise threw away if they are they break? I don't care.
Reading glasses are
Yeah. I had glasses. Uh 10 years probably. But like I never really needed him for most of my life and then just lost 10 years. I need him to read. So
You have a good weekend. Yeah.
I'm
that is
hard.
The
virtual thing to like us
is a lot different than meeting in person. Yeah.
Yeah, I'm married, have two kids, teenagers.
Yeah. 14 and 16.
Yeah, freshman and sophomore. Yeah. So it is an interesting age
and then
yeah it is. Yeah, we
did family pictures today and
so they weren't too excited about doing it but they we had fun doing it. One of my friends just took them so it wasn't like a real big
formal thing or anything. But
no, we haven't done it probably
in two or three
years. And so the
last
time we did it I was taller than both of my kids and now I'm not, it's been a while. We need to just update the family picture. Yeah.
I'm in Ohio. Mhm.
Hi
back.
No,
I didn't do that. Never.
It is,
Yeah, I take a lot of pictures, like it's kind of my part time hobby. Oh, the kids are, used to be
taking their picture all the time, like taking a lot of pictures. So
yeah, my son's in baseball and basketball, like water plays tennis.
Yeah, it is. They argue sometimes, but they're still like they're pretty close
to our 22 months apart, so at times they get along great, but they'll be good friends when they're older probably. Yeah.
So how often do you see them?
so
it
Yeah,
But
it,
I am the middle child too. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Well
I think
that's true.
I
know my, one of my bosses always told me he's like, so like when you have to, you're
like man to man defense, but like if you have three then you have to go to like a zone defense. So it's it's not, you can't just do when the one person to watch, but it's just it's
just
Oh yeah, I like all sports pretty much.
All
Did
you
really want to win? Okay.
All
Like
I
didn't know that.
What?
It sounds like it.
hm.
We're
listening
here. I like to hear that too.
No,
you
have the last name.
It
went.
But
now
they
have a lot of good players.
Mina
when, when?
Mhm.
That's
It
does. Yeah. Yeah, I'm, I think I'm rooting for the heat, but I don't know if they really have a chance.
You know the Lakers have so many players and well Lebron played for the Cleveland cavaliers for a while.
Well
not
necessarily.
I don't really have like one team for the yeah, but like how he left was kind of non
no,
and then but they welcomed him back like
no problem, you know? But I don't know I just he does a lot of good things too. But I think like I don't know his whole demeanor and attitude is just not like somebody too big on following I guess.
No,
I agree.
They're
different level in life.
What,
Well.
All
So
Truck.
To become
resourceful
but
shit.
Not
Do
it while you
can. Mhm.
Focus
well.
Uh
I agree. I think that's how, how it
always seems to happen. And even if you intended to I know
I started off. I came from a working family too like so we lived on a farm and
my dad was a mailman. So he did both my mom at home. So we
didn't have a lot of money growing up either. And and then like when I first got out of college, the first job I had, I barely made anything
but I just kept moving up, moving up, moving up and then it's probably in four years
I think it was just like a stressful job. And so um I decided
I was going to look for something else. And so it looks like a huge pay cut. But I am so glad that I did like just the time work work life balance is better and and so like it was like that they call what they're the golden ticket or whatever or whatever, gunny
handcuffs. Um But
like I just like it's
way more
important to me at the time just to have more time at home and so like we don't have all the extra maybe stuff that we had, you know, before.
But this is so much better mentally and I'm like, but I did it but you never know how it's going to work out, but it worked out that's
Great.
Does that
I'm really important. Like you just have to make sure there's a good balance because he is like tempting I'm sure, but it's not always always worth it.
Yeah. Yeah. There's quite a few people that I used to work with like they just hate their jobs but they can't they don't want to leave because they're so used to you know the money that they had and they're all still there and they complain about their job all the time.
I
love
my job.
No it is it's really rough.
Yeah.
Well yeah.
there's empty buildings and stuff.
More.
Yeah definitely. I much prefer the independent ones and I know it's been hard for especially restaurants. I think it's been hard for a lot of people. I mean your job been affected at all by covid
you too. So I've
been with historic here and affected me with some thankful for. But
you know there's
a lot of people that have been affected have been affected in a bad way.
all right. I hope so.
no.
Are
definitely.
No.
Mhm.
No
interesting.
Uh huh.
sounds
really interesting. You just say his name was thomas frank. Okay
I have to take care of
no.
He's a good writer too.
interesting.
because the news networks are usually biased one way or the other. Mhm.
Very interesting.
Yeah. I think a lot of people are ambivalent now because like neither candidates probably the offer anybody. It's gonna be an interesting year I think.
No not necessarily. Um I would say I probably more on the Republican side but I would think that trump's
really my ideal candidate. But
Yeah that's a film like either party isn't necessarily like what I would go for but like those
are the ones that are one of them is going to win. Right So the other ones, all the other ones are probably going to make any headway many times.
or
So.
Pretty small.
How
that is
it?
All right.
Talk.
that's
true.
So they probably are still in the same hometown right? And they just don't see outside of that at all. Mhm.
Oh.
there.
Well,
yeah, you made the offer, right? And suggestion and your part. If they're
not willing to do it, then my chicken do about it.
Heather.
So
hello Alice. Right,
Yeah.
Work.
I
don't
believe
that
because
people would like, I don't know, they would just be more loyal. I would think they would work harder if they knew, you know about their boss. But
Yeah, I know it's everything seems like it's so different actually from when I grew up, but I'm 50 so then uh different age, but
Well,
No. And
So,
huh.
What?
Earlier.
Yeah. Just passed down probably.
I agree. It shouldn't be that.
I don't think.
No, I mean it's it's hard to compare anybody with each other. And I always say to it's like you shouldn't be comparing one group of people because every person is an individual and like you can have like a great person and the worst person, like you just can't compare them violate their race.
I mean, it's individual.
I know,
It is complicated. Sorry, my son's texting me.
We
were staying
until 7 45.
We have. Okay. Well, it was great talking to you
help in the
beginning.
I wanna check them out. All
Have a good
night.
Bye