hi,
you can hear me
Yes
I'm doing well, how are you?
Thanks. That's an interesting pair of glasses you have there? Yeah.
Gotcha. Yeah I bought some classes a couple of months ago. I'm nearsighted.
No I'm nearsighted. Yeah.
Gotcha. Gotcha. Cool. Cool. Yeah.
some kind of ambivalent about it. Yeah. Yeah. Um I had like a virtual coffee date I guess earlier today and um so I'm single um and uh you know just doing the whole app thing and then um kind of like virtual dates I suppose. But I don't think it went super well. Um I don't know, I was just like all right. I just don't I didn't I didn't seem to like get any kind of, it seemed like she accepted just for the sake of doing so not like any, but I realized that um it's hard to really like get interest over somebody that way anyways like just from
looking at a picture
and
description.
But
no.
Um So but you are you like married or?
Oh, nice, nice. Hold.
Oh cool. That's a it's an interesting ages, like sophomore high school
Yeah. Yeah, it's like
critical juncture in a way, but
So
I.
Kitchen
yeah. Something your family does like annually.
I'm
you're
So
far.
I it's it's interesting because uh so I have a brother that lives in Tacoma Washington um and a sister that lives, so I live in Virginia to be you.
Yeah, so am I, I have my parents live in Virginia, but they're about three hours and 10 minutes away. Um So it's kind of rare that we get together for a family picture, but
I guess
when we do it's uh we're kind of what we take it, I guess, more or less. Um Yeah, yeah, it's uh but when I was younger, I don't think we took family pictures that often. Um
So
I think it's important to do so because like,
you know, yeah, like in a way I have some regrets from not being a part of pictures that much when I was younger, so.
No.
Do your kids do like sports and stuff?
Oh, that's good. You have a boy and a girl more or less? Yeah, that's a great, that's good balance. Yeah.
Remember?
But yeah, I have, my older brother is two years older than me, and my younger sister is uh five years younger than me.
Uh really only during the holidays. Um so
it's been uh eight
years since I graduated college, I guess, some 30 30 years old. Um Yeah,
it's uh, I don't know. We had a complicated upbringing, I guess. I am my parents
when we grew up. Um, I think they showed like favoritism and my brother and my sister get along better with
each other than with me. I'm the middle child, so.
Yeah.
I think it's something that people can't get away from if they have an odd number of kids, like three kids, no matter even if you like, purposefully try
to balance like attention, it's just hard to balance between three Children.
So I think
if you have two kids, that's perfect because,
you know.
All
Are
you a basketball fan or?
Okay. Nice, nice. Yeah. The, watch the game five
of the NBA finals
still today,
I think. Yeah. And
I, well, I said, to be honest, I don't usually watch regular season basketball, I usually
just watch during like the finals or semi finals, I guess we're yeah, more or less and um I'm familiar with the players though. Um Like i is not, it's the
reason why I get kind of more invested in it. I think during the time of the finals and everything is because I learned about their backgrounds and it kind of just interesting to me like the human story behind like certain athletes and um and this one player jimmy Butler, he really stood out to me. Um and he's I think he stands out to everybody because he's like more or less the captain and the Soul is the main head and but he's an interesting player because he listens to country music
and
yeah, he's a big country music fan and um so while they were in the bubble which is Orlando um he didn't like the coffee that they served. So he started his own coffee shop out of his hotel room. Yeah and ah
so he started charging his teammates $20 for a cup of coffee and so he's quite a character. But
but the other thing is he does a lot of good humanitarian type things. So like there were teachers in some schools who um the way they could really relate to their students was through basketball and a lot of the kid's favorite player was Jimmy Butler. So
he decided to just pop in one day
and
just like
good person then uh just uh an interesting guy and like so he's been sort of carrying the Miami heat for the most part in these finals and you can just see the level of exhaustion as the game goes by because he literally played, he only took like 48 seconds break in
the whole game.
Whereas
Yeah, and the
last
last
last few games. And whereas, so the Lakers, they rotate between nine players and the
heat.
They were,
Yeah, and they have size two on the heat and the heat, they rotate between six players and jimmy Butler. He's such a he's such a key person to the team that
I don't know. It's just like, Yeah, like me personally, like there have been so I I played some uh team sports in a way, and it's just like when there's somebody that's like a leader and you're and you're not the leader, but you really respect your leadership,
somebody on your team, you just kind of want to do everything you can to um like meet their approval. And it's kind of like that on the Lakers because from what I've heard um so there's a Lebron James um
prior to this season, the past season he used to be very uh so he criticized the younger players like very aggressively, but then they had somebody new on the team and that person kind of like calm Lebron James down and dial him down. So then Lebron James when he's like disapproving of their play, all these do is shoot a look, he just gives them a look and then they know to do better
and it's it's kind of uh it's these kind of like human elements that make it uh
kind of interesting. Yeah.
Yeah, I don't know as well but it's just um you know like most people, they like the scrappy underdog kind of story like from from team and everything, but um.
Oh yeah, I I know you must be, yeah,
that's
one
of those things. Yeah.
Yeah, it wasn't very closer for the most
part. Uh huh
now.
I mean, yeah, to be, to be fair for the most part, like I don't think regular people can relate to people on that level that,
you know, so,
but it was, yeah,
it's uh
yeah, it's, it's interesting when people make millions of dollars, they don't only change. Probably. So like me too. I mean like um you had this conversation with a colleague of mine was in college because
um you know, I came from working class family and then I went to college and
and when I graduated from college, um initially struggled to find a job and like most people do and I did like 25 applications and then when I finally got a job, I started making money and then um from there I just like continue to pick up momentum and more momentum. And I remember this conversation that this former colleague of mine that I had in college, he was like, do you think um you're incorruptible by money? Because we were talking effectively about how like, money changes people, and I said I really hope I am, but um and I hope it doesn't really change me, but to be honest, I think it has changed me in certain ways. It's just from a lifestyle standpoint. I
remember being in college and just basically like so I don't want to ask my parents for money um because uh I mean we didn't make that much like my both of my parents combined actually make more double more than what they make combined now. And so what I would do is so I had this meal plan and I subsisted on a 50 meal per semester plan and that's all I had. So
I needed to make it stretch. So what I would do is even though you're not allowed to do this, we go get breakfast, but also say I'm getting breakfast to go so I would eat there and then also get the to go box for later like a eight. And yeah, it was
like you're not supposed to do that because it's against the rules. But I did anyways and um yeah I remember
doing
that yeah and uh then
like get like friends that have bigger meal plans just like grabbed me an apple or banana and stuff like that.
But now it's kind of like, you know last last month I went to Sedona Sedona Arizona just on a trip. Just find myself a heck of it. And you know, I shelled out like $100 here, $100 there for like rental car, hotel and everything like that. And like partner me doesn't even think twice about it. Um, but when I was younger I could never just, I could never
imagine doing that. So what, you know, at the same time I don't have kids or you know, any dependence. So I think
like
it.
But I think about like people who are in Congress
and things like that and how like prior to them arriving, so people in Congress make more money than I do.
I think they make more money than most people do um,
individually and it's um, you know, you go in there and you think, oh, I'm here to represent these people, but then the money will probably change you, even though like you probably don't think it will initially, it's like one of those things,
No.
Thanks.
It
So
Bill?
What?
I'm sorry.
Well
but
it's
great.
I'm
mm. Yeah, it's um I've had opportunities to for for different kinds of work that can pay more, but ultimately what I have right now is like a pretty good balance. So the fact it's weird because like, other people that I know that are my like coworkers that have left the company that were for like they, they will immediately jump on that money, but then when they asked me why I didn't do it, I said, well it's it's different because when I was younger I lost a lot of time from having to work. So I my parents in a restaurant and I grew up working at that restaurant from the age of four. Um So every day after school I'd come home, you know
would do work and then I would do my homework and that was the day and doing that from the age of 4 to 18 and not having any money and then now making money it's it's kind of like all I want is my time, but I know I need to support
myself. Yeah. I don't know
Yeah. It comes with extra responsibilities and things like that.
That
sounds
like
me, it's not like me sometimes. Uh But yeah, but I it's I think it's important during this time for me to like have perspective on how lucky I am in some regards because you know, um my parents are nearing retirement retirement age but um you know it's like brutal for the restaurant business right now.
Yeah especially
the independent ones compared to the change because just an example right? Um in new york a lot of restaurants had so slim margins like less than 5% after paying for um you know the rent, employees insurance, you know
all the supplies and everything and now because of you know over and everything and they're not allowed to open, they can only do like take out and then if you take out and you have to compete with like big chains, you're basically gone. And now now that they're gone, the Brent has lowered because a lot of like um
yeah a lot of like um owners want that rent to be taken up. So then a lot of like big companies like Mcdonald's Starbucks, they're just buying up the place so they're actually taking a different approach during this time through expanding in becoming more aggressive and what that's gonna do to like, you know, America as a whole is not a good thing, I think because
without a lot of these it's going to be very homogeneous, you know, there's there's going to be nothing but chains all over the place and
no, I can work remotely from home, so.
No.
Well
no.
Yeah, I think um it's interesting because like thanksgiving is coming up and uh it's gonna be interesting if people actually take the time to reflect on what they're grateful for
because it's um so actually I've been I've been reading this book or not reading but listening to an audiobook um really it's really interesting of it's called a listen liberal by a guy named thomas frank. So
this is a guy that is uh a journalist that has like a background in economics and history. And he also wrote this book previously called what's what's the problem with Kansas? I think that's what's called. But I highly recommend this author, but basically he details how um the Democratic Party took a shift. Um, I think in the sixties or seventies from their previous strategy of representing unions and then the working class to realizing that all they have to do is play the long game because the way the the modern world
works is as a country becomes more diverse, all they have to do is just by their time before um, everything shifts to their direction. And so they decided to support instead the professional class, like um people like me who are in the professional class and you know, it's it's a history that a lot of people aren't too familiar with it as far as when that change happened, but there was a, a strategist named fred Dutton, and he's the one that started the shift, because what he realized was um they were so the democrats during that time, they've lost repeatedly to Republican candidates like Nixon, and um there is a candidate named McGovern, and uh he was in the Democratic side and he lost. And so they were using a strategy where they knew they were going to lose, but they were in it for the long game, because what they wanted to do was they decided
that it was uh better in their long term interest to win by supporting the professional class as opposed to the working class, and they decided to move away from unions.
And one of the big um kind of uh, inflection points was when Bill Clinton, actually, after years of culmination of the strategy that they shifted from became president, because he was a member of the group led by fred Dutton that ended up um, successfully
finally winning an election by courting lobbyists and the professional class as opposed to the working
class.
And this shift has unfortunately been like on like this um runaway train, so to speak, success. Actually, this author thomas frank. It came out with a new book recently called, I think, um The People, it's called The People Know, you know, that's that's how the word no is. Um and it's a history of populism in the United States. What? Um and he came out the article recently that said, um, the left should try to um take populism back from the right. Um like, honestly, I'm not any particular party, I guess, I think most people aren't anyways. Um
but you know, it's like I'm really ambivalent about the whole thing, but it's just interesting learning about the history of how old, but
I,
Um and the book is called listen Liberal, It came out in 2016 shortly after um you know, trump got elected. And he was basically explaining the history behind the shift in the Democratic Party's um strategy.
Yeah, I highly recommend
it, like um I just randomly heard about the book from somewhere, I can't remember where, but I started reading all those books. Uh and
yeah, he's a very good writer, yeah, and um he's written books not only like criticizing the Republican Party, but the Democratic Party. Um I don't know what his stance is, but it doesn't, but he has very compelling arguments. And I so whenever I read any of his books, I purposefully look up a counterpoint or a criticism of his books and most of the ones that are out there, they're kind of they're not very good. They don't eat his points because he's rock solid on all of his points like
um because he's an investigative journalist and he has no um he has no like horse because he doesn't work for like any, you know, news network or anything. No.
Yeah.
Yeah. I highly recommend his book.
Did you have, I mean like, I'm not judgmental anyway, but did you have somebody that you were originally hoping was? I don't know. Neither party.
Mr
Renee. Of course, yeah. I mean honestly, I think um you know whoever wins the next the next election, if like republicans would just get away from a couple of key issues. I think they could easily democrats lunch. Um because like I think there is a lot of reasonable people that are republicans. It's just the unfortunate thing is like the whole GOP thing, they, the perils. Um kind of
No.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I grew up in a small town where like, honestly right now, the small town that grew up in most people are, you know, trump supporters. Um, a small town, like we had like factories and a couple of them closed. And then,
uh, there's like a big meth problem in a various drug problems in my hometown. So in my hometown was in a, like a rural place,
um in like southwest Virginia and uh, populations like 4700 people.
Yeah. And um, you know, most of the people I knew that I went to high school with, they have kids and everything and they're just struggling to get by. Um
So
it's like meanwhile
I I think like where I am
now, I'm in a predominantly kind of blue kind of area and I don't think a lot of people can really relate to people that come from the place that I've come from. Um So I have a lot of empathy for for people from places like that. Um but you know, I'm also educated, so
it's kind of like, you know, I can't help you if you're if you're not willing to help yourself,
you
know? Yeah, like I'll see like so many of my old classmates just like and just kind of cry out for help, but um if I give them suggestions to just don't really listen and it's a little bit, I don't know if frustrating is the word because like I'm kind of exasperated but trying to help and then nobody is going to listen.
But because like uh like
I have connections with people that have or where I'm currently from right now, they have like various gigs they can offer. And but and I'm telling like people from hometown just come out here, you can stay at my house, take this gig, you can earn some money, some quick money, then go back home and then I don't try to get some momentum somewhere, you know?
But you know, nobody's listening so there's nothing I can do. I've given
it.
what?
I mean it's um you know,
there's there's like this phrase from somebody who wants to hurt where it's like um you know, if you really like America like then you would try to like make there be fewer losers like so you know, it sounds like an un empathetic thing to say. But um the problem is like a lot of people that are in positions of power. They they're more about the bottom line than they are about, you know, helping America. But there is one guy that was kind of interesting. There was a ceo out of Seattle and um he four goad his um ceo
salary increase and decided to instead bump up everybody that worked from him. Their salary up to $70,000 at a minimum.
Yeah. And he said and like at the time everybody is criticising him, I think his name is uh David
Bell or something, I can't remember but but at the time like everybody is criticising him, you know people that were in wealthy positions of power saying, you know your company's gonna go under, it's not going to do well, nope
is actually his company actually improved more people ended up working
for
his
company. His
company
has grown.
Yeah. A big thing actually in that book that mentioned, listen, liberal is like, it's saying, well there have been charting that says um you know, people productivity has doubled, but wages have been stagnant, like since like the seventies and everything just, and it's like people have lower purchasing power, but they're increasing productivity, so there's all this stuff out there um and it's like, so there's nothing that can really be done about it in a way, almost, I don't know.
huh. Yeah. I mean, I, I find that like I grew up similar to a lot of people maybe that are older than me than people that are roughly my age. So
my parents are immigrants. Um and uh you know, it's so like I hear people use like, you know, asian people as a scapegoat sometimes for why. Um you know, as a reason is something to point to as far as why, like um you know, african americans don't do as well or something like that. But what people don't realize is think about like
asian people in the emphasis on education is there's literally been like um a whole millennia, centuries of kind of like uh so there's
a concept in Confucianism, like a lot of, so a lot of people that are a
lot of asian people are secular, but Confucianism
was his philosophy that started like many centuries ago and a core tenant and it is self improvement in education. And most other asian countries, they all come from china as like the central country where like japanese people branched off and went to the islands of Japan and then korean as well. And literally
this practice of emphasis on self improvement in education has been imprinted in like so much, so many generations that
yes passed down and you can't really compare like the plight of like african americans who were brought as slaves, two people that literally have education reinforced them on almost like a genetic level. Um So it's not really a good comparison for people to make um to kind of like a scapegoat, you know?
But
but I know a lot of people in like the GOP side 0.2 agencies like uh you know, model minorities. But it's completely different. You can't really make that comparison.
Therefore.
Yeah. Yeah. But on a in a way like there's there's a need to do so from a policy kind of level, you know, from program.
So it's it's kind of complicated with
no, where's um
I think
we've
I think we've actually hit the 25 minute mark. So
I talked to you and
I
highly recommend those books and by thomas Franken. Yeah.
sounds good. Thanks every
day.
You,
too.