Uh huh. Um All right, how are you? My name is Kevin.
Do you know what we're like so out? Uh
I didn't see any questions either, so I guess we were just talking.
I'm
doing good. I woke up like not too long ago. Um Where
do you lose? Where like?
Oh, that's cool. Um
I live in California. Yes.
Um
my my communication skill has dipped ever since quarantine because I
I know it's like I'm not I haven't done anything like interesting, so um are you in college or what's that? Yeah,
I'm
also in college. I'm uh last year was my first year in college, so I'm going to be a sophomore next year.
Oh, that's fine. What do you major in
fancy sure,
a major in psychology. Yeah.
Um Do you plan to go to grad school afterwards?
yeah, did you like just work out or something or? Uh
That was quite sorry, mm.
yeah I can see like like you're like shining a little bit. Um You're like
What have you been doing like up to and quarantine? What's going like?
What do you do?
How?
Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah, I like I've been doing like some very stupid shit that I shouldn't be doing and quarantine. Like I went I flew to Tennessee like last month when it was.
Yeah, I like I didn't catch anything. I think it's been two weeks and I'm fine so that's good. Yeah I don't know. I'm still a teenager. I'm reckless mm. Um What do you do in your free time? Like let's do you have any hobbies?
What
do you play?
ah Yeah I mostly play like pc stuff. Not a lot anyways.
Not really,
no, I I heard the game, the game. I watch other people play it my friend, it's a big persona, hang on and I watched him play. It was it's not really my style type of game you know like
ha more like chilled and relaxed, laid back, nothing too fast paced.
Yeah like Minecraft but not on survival.
Uh is having like a resurgence recent recently? Everyone's talking about it again.
Yeah there's a new update, like a huge update or something in the nether they completely changed it.
Man.
Um I kind of think how did you talk to people?
Yeah I one of my friend since I'm a psych major, I actually got like one of my friend was using it for her study for her, like a psycho psychology study and I was like oh you can like make money and help people
why not? You know?
But
why not?
Um
And something to pass the time when I'm like well I don't know what to do.
when I see something that's like an hour or two hours I'm like like that.
Uh huh. Yeah it's not worth it if you're just sitting in the next two hours taking a survey.
I've been very very mindful of that now. I'm like ok I'm like
where
is it? I
always hear someone.
I think once or twice.
huh.
What do you what music do you like?
I like that. I like that mentality not being limited to one genre.
Yeah
I know so many people who are like oh I only listen to this type of music and that's it. I will reject any other music. I think that's kind of narrow.
can.
What talk?
Yeah. 25 minutes. Right,
Um
Have you always lived in D. C. Or you like born? And? Yeah.
What is it like? I've never been to the West Coast, I mean East Coast, sorry, my brain black
like that. I like I like that question is pretty stressful. Yeah.
What?
This is like super blue, right? It's okay.
mm basically same here but um
basically
yeah, Arnold was a Republican which was like a few years back. Um Okay.
Okay.
Mhm.
Maybe they're maybe
maybe I should have like a list of icebreaker questions.
see
whatever happens. Do you know what this study's about? Just to see how people talk,
they're like oh now everything's awkward, let's see how people react.
Well this is my second time, the first time the person didn't show up so Yeah. What about you?
it was an idea of fun. Um I don't know right now I'm like picturing the beach like a sunny day at the beach but that's right now.
Oh you're missing out. Not really. Not really to be honest. Like
no when you like imagine the beach it's like oh pretty and stuff but when you're actually there it's literally just people everywhere and you're like why the fuck am I here?
yeah the waters fucking dirty. It's shit
and you're like oh
like I smell pee, someone just peed in this area, it's warm and I hate it. Yeah.
Yeah. What about you? What's your idea of fun?
It's cool.
Uh huh. Uh huh. Yeah.
Oh I'm going to skydiving so for the first time
So
I
dreamed about it for so long and I was like I'm finally going to do it.
The adrenaline rice. Do you like free falling from like thousands of feet in the air? Is that sounds exciting. No.
Honestly like
if
Yeah, I guess. But it's a it's a cool way to go out. You know like if I died in a skydiving accident and then die from old age.
That's true. What about you any crazy things that you dream of doing?
What?
That's
sweet. That's really sweet. Actually not crazy. It's just I feel like that's everyone.
Do you have any pets?
Dog or cat or bird snake?
What? What
breed of dog?
Like
the opposite of what people believe to be okay.
What?
So
a dog that doesn't fit into its stereotype,
I have a high ski, have a
husky, hasn't
it?
Oh, he's so fucking talkative. Like I would be like, why the fuck did you tore this up? He just starts barking at me. Like howling.
I'm like,
And whenever there's like a police siren goes off, you would start going wild, howling with it.
It's a chilled that like, you don't
need, they don't need that much attention.
Good.
Different people have different preference, I guess. Mhm. His question sucks. Holy shit.
I used to go to six flags when I was little, but
So
I didn't actually go on it. All
See.
and
then it broke down.
You were saved.
No question.
Probably. I'll because I pee a lot. Yeah. Uh huh.
It's people. Yeah.
Oh my God. That's a huge drop. Holy shit. Damn.
Mm hmm. That's wild and damn. Yeah. Remember when I was little, my mom told me that I don't know for sure. But I was, my mom basically told me that I peed my pants after roller coaster. I don't know if it's true. I'm pretty sure she just say that to embarrass me. I don't know.
Currently I just finished rick and morty if that uh
a wise it was
yeah, but it was consistently like bizarre.
it was confusing.
Oh yeah, that one was sad. That one was so sad. Actually. The season finale.
It was a little
sad
two.
Yeah. The moment he realized, oh, I'm a shitty dad. I'm like, oh
littles.
Yeah. Um I love The Office.
Everyone. I'm basic um I don't know if you heard of this. I love The Good Place. It's a show on netflix.
It's a pretty good
show.
Um Fuck, what's her name? The it's the the person who voice anna ana and frozen.
There we go. Thank
you. Uh huh.
No, I don't know that. Mhm. Mhm. And that's, I don't really watch that much stuff and they just watch random stuff on netflix sometimes.
recommended.
Yeah, I watch
tried to get into the podcast but I just kind of I don't know, I just
when do you listen to it usually? Like what?
I
try
to I tried to listen to it while like I'm driving but I couldn't, I was like, I need
music when I'm driving instead of listening to people talk. Uh huh.
so
This question sucks as uh
do you have any tattoos or would you get one? Yeah. Mm hmm.
Mm Not yet, but
I'm thinking
about
it.
I want to like have something to remember my grandma with. Yeah.
Well tragic as you said it best and maybe in the future like the name of my child or significant other, you know?
Yeah. Kind of like a cliche but you know.
No, but I get information from Reddit from like my friend who sent me like read a post about stuff. Mm
It's uh
I feel like everyone hates facebook. I am surprised that they're still like going
I just feel like I can't keep up with like social media as like because everyone's, there's so much information.
Yeah. It's like really hard to like keep up with everything and not get like personally like offended or anything and I'm like now I'll just
not
do
that.
that is less. Yeah.
What?
Uh Animal crossing? Mostly. I literally bought it. I bought
it for Pokemon sword and then I play animal crossing. That's it.
But this generation sucked. I'm sorry. It sucked. I don't know.
Oh, that a generation was good.
Now Pokemon just going downhill right now, so
Uh
they better.
It was time actually. I didn't realize.
Yeah, that's talking.
Uh huh.
It's good nights.
I remember
because I was talking to nobody.
All right. Think just close it. Right,
okay. No issues. The quality. What's good my partnership of 25 minutes.
Wait, hold on. How many? Yeah, as a conversation, I I think you just closed the conversation now.
Mm.