Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm. Yeah. Two yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm mm. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Hello everyone? Yeah. Mhm incredible pictures of the year. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mhm. No. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. Yeah I don't know. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Mhm. Um You know yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Do it. Okay. Oh okay. Uh huh. Yeah cool. Yeah. Yo what's up
how you doing? I'm Kobe. Yeah. Yeah
I'm pretty sure I looked I saw yeah I was supposed to have someone with some uh conversation with somebody yesterday and I'm I fall somewhere that had questions and I looked today. I didn't see the question.
Yeah I guess. Well what are you doing?
All
Mhm.
I'm from D. C.
Without
exact opposite. That's funny. Mhm.
Mhm.
Hey I've been doing I've been saying the same thing. I was my my thing. I've been telling my four boys don't let anybody else carry the conversations because I have no I have no idea what to like talk about because everybody's going through the same thing I guess.
Yeah.
What?
I'm not the bedroom, I'm not to be a senior Army
nuclear engineering.
Yeah. I mean say say anything about yourself.
Careful.
Not really. Just get a job, whatever, whatever school, my job fair, whatever. Job job fairs have for me. I'm gonna take it. Yeah,
we'll just take a shower and it's really Yeah.
I mean it is technically sweat. I sweat usually walk in shower. So yeah, can you even tell mm
because that's what my my glasses off since the door right though. Yeah,
I've
been still been going to my friend's place every
weekend. Like you usually, I mean I didn't really it doesn't really didn't really stop me I guess. Oh.
No. Go
Play video games
that
I don't know. Probably a lot FIFA do you play video games?
We like we like go to type stuff. Uh mm
They were put like a prisoner or something like that.
What would you say yours is?
I guess I guess
how tough is Minecraft? I don't have probably like my crab like years ago like online or something
come out for it or something.
Yeah, I guess I started with the with the bum version so it was much to it so I couldn't
going off early. Start off early. It was pretty bad. Yeah. Yeah.
Well what would you get you use the prolific or profiling prolific?
It's
forward. It's like you don't even like I'm doing the homework inside when I'm like this to to nonsense and get a quick quick dollar survey.
I'll take it. This is just like
my mind sometimes. Okay.
Mhm. Mhm
It's probably the longest one I will take though. I usually want to like 15 minutes.
Yeah. We're really cared what. I don't even look at the pay like I look at the time for it before.
I know. And then you get trapped by like some random attention check. Mhm.
or
no
incident.
You got rejected before. I'm not remember ejected.
Does it come up on the little submissions? And as it read it says it's like red. Oh no. Yeah I got a
couple of turns but none of those. Mhm.
Like I could listen to anything. If it's if I can catch the beat I could listen to it literally. I swear to God. Like like if it's a day like I can catch it. It's and sharing the bombs. I can listen to it.
Yeah. like I was saying, I was just remember friends were just drinking like some somehow evanescence came up and I was that out straight up. I was bringing myself to life with that if you can catch my jerk. Uh huh.
Mhm
Yeah, it is because I
consider it have an eclectic palette is like, I consider it like unless you talk to people, unless you have like you conversation with or converting people I guess. Yeah. Mhm
Yeah, I think we're halfway
Yeah, trying like uh yeah, basically. Yeah.
Yeah.
it's pretty straight. Yeah, it's a good I mean, yeah.
Pretty straight. I mean it's pretty straightforward. A lot of it's like new york on, it's like new york would like Way stress free, like on like three pills annex. What?
Like I remember going to New York one time. I was like, yeah, I can understand it but it's like way too fast.
It's like well
I guess yeah, it's like no point, there's no point to vote. Oh
yeah, no. Yeah, it's like one of its there's no point for a Republican to go to California all. There's
no that's your Arnold isn't or wasn't or another one?
Yeah.
Yeah.
No more I want to talk about. Yeah.
No
basically we're on our computers might as well wait, can we leave it? Can we leave the screen and I'm just gonna use like these are regional google icebreaker questions. Yeah I
know.
I probably I'm probably realized just seven minutes in this. They've done this on purpose.
Yeah. How long how many times have you done this one? Mhm.
Yeah. Is this thanks for a second time to I'm kind of mad, it was so close to the last time because I was supposed to be last night and I was pretty stressing for it now then then there was no wait time I had to stress for it again straight. I would say I got some. What's your idea of fun?
I've only been on the beach like once.
I guess I'm not I'm not an outdoors kind of person so I get pretty tired. I mean not not an outdoors kind of person. I'm not taking a seen every kind of person. I can I will see it and I appreciate it but I won't like I won't find a deeper meaning of it.
The water rhythm and and let me close this blue as you think it should be.
Well,
I mean as it should be.
I go back to Caribbeans kind of places where like the better.
I don't know just drinking with my friends or something.
I don't consider video getting fun anymore because I think pretty mad. So I just get bored, walks away.
What crazy activities do you dream of trying some day?
That seems
that seems crazy to be. That's
what
I really don't understand the point. My next plan to poison me.
You're not like who? You're like oh my God I hope nothing goes wrong.
Some people,
it depends on the person. Actually. Some people can be like woo that some people get up there but you know I hope something goes wrong, nothing goes wrong. They're not really enjoying it.
100 but you but you can you can skydive and still die of old age.
And I really I'm like a
I'm like I don't know. I guess having a loving family when I grew up some some
street port.
It's not really crazy. But I don't really think out of the box that much.
No, I wish I had. Okay.
dog. I don't see a point in a cat.
like
uh I don't know. Probably one. Probably one if I would go to our kennel. Probably pretty excited. But like I would go find like a pretty, like it's a fun breed. But I will go specifically and look for the dog that's not fun. Like still in that breed. Like a lab could be like excited and go, you know what I mean? Like I would want to chill lab. It's yeah, like
it's the
Feel like
like, like you could like, I don't know. I feel like that would be fun. I'd rather have a dog that's not crazy. But like it's supposed to be crazy because I don't know maybe it can get crazy but it's just not as this nature to be crazy. I don't know. That's always thought about what I want to look
at.
Yeah. Exactly. That's exactly like that. Exactly. Well you got any pets
The
Russians
talk. I heard they talk.
I couldn't
do that. I couldn't do that.
I would have to have a conversation. I would have I would be having a conversation with like uh huh. But I don't have I don't understand the meaning the cats. Like I don't get it
well
But like there could be like a week where like I go to the grocery store, get $100 worth of pet food and then that the cap for a whole week. Like that makes no sense for me. Like why would
I pay $2 for a thing? I won't see everybody meet your son. Yeah, yeah,
My favorite theme park, I went to six lives before he was one
and Alex was going to go on the superman, that my six flags a man of steel. I just want to be one of the scariest thing that ever happened. And then, and then it broke down right before, like right before, like it was supposed to leave. I was I was like, yeah, thank you. Like, like literally like it was like five minutes from the last go around, it was our turn and there's like, no, it doesn't go anymore. I was
so
what do you mean? No,
we were, we were strapped in. Yeah, it's right
there.
Yeah, I remember like it was just not moving and she was like, all right, we gotta get when I was excited.
Oh my God, It would have been one of the craziest things in my life. That rollercoaster is like legendary. You should look it up to man of steel. It's insane. Yeah.
Six lives America. And what's your favorite seat on an airplane? And I found that that's a funny question.
I know when I'm by myself wing with that woman, my friend, I wouldn't care. I wouldn't care if I like mess with my friend. I mean
if they were somebody, I don't know that it matters if it's somebody I know like I wouldn't care about disturb them. Oh my God.
00 The Dies. Oh.
I wouldn't be surprised because member of the courses are scary. I don't, especially if you're younger. What's your favorite tv shows where you watch? Mm
Very good season. Very good. Season.
The 45 was a second five seconds. I was way better.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The last five really is just like ridiculous. And the first I don't really I hated the first five actually I was really mad at the first time.
Yeah. Then they came back and the two best to best episode what we need
is it sad? He's just a terrible person.
It
was sad. But it was you realize
you're terrible person.
That
is he's pretty lucky. Nobody saw that shit though. He's really lucky. You know what? You saw that shit? He's so lucky. They didn't care because they would have definitely
okay straightforward. Everybody loves The office.
I've heard of it,
you
know who's in it?
No christian bell
my
veronica mars she was a show called veronica mars.
Yeah, I just watched random stuff for Youtube. Anything that comes out like literally if I go to my Youtube, whatever in the first row
suggestions.
Yeah. Now listen a lot of podcasts, the war.
I think I did. I think it is, I don't know, I don't know, like,
so everything like your all time basically,
I'm
not
Well,
it depends because, because I don't just like, it's, I listen to one podcast with three friends who like, it's like kind of funny and all the other ones are kind of like sports, braided, sports related. So it's basically like watching ESPN, listening to ESPN it's mad easier.
There's a lot of the podcast coming out recently talked like murder podcast on Spotify. What not listen to any of those. It's like basically e books, audiobooks. Yeah. Yeah.
Mhm Uh huh
probably not. I'm probably not, I don't, I'm not real bad tattoo guy. I don't, I don't know, I feel like I'm just, I don't think that I would need, I would need to think about anything that much to put it on my body. I mean people usually tragedy happen to people and then they end up putting stuff on their tattoos. I don't know. Hopefully that I don't have to think like that. Yeah. Mhm. What about yourself?
You
want
to,
where did you get? Mhm
Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's probably a different kind of thing. Yeah. Child you probably, yeah, I want to get his face on my, my, my, I want to get his face on my chief or something. Yeah.
No, it wasn't straight straightforward things. That cliche, I don't know, nothing wrong with being cliche. Yeah, you're right. A guy use Reddit at all.
I'm a comedian guy. I'm a twitter. Reddit. Search her all the time. Mm
like I hate facebook.
that movie, what was that movie? The social network? It's a it's a villain story now. It's a villain origin story now. Uh huh.
So much in so many opinions
I
see
it
is not to be weird but is that switch I sort of switches that what gives which
we'll give
you something to switch.
Well
what we want to store Pokemon store? Isn't that like the easiest one? The mad easy why? It is so easy nowadays
like all of it, like all the new pokemons are easy. All the old ones were not as easy. Apparently we gotta stop that like black too.
Yeah I had a you know you know you can go on the wifi connection and download Pokemon. I had a site where you can like make a Pokemon it and download it so like you can get a spirit on with that like shit ninja like hidden really? So like it never gets this hack so you can never get hurt if you want to download it from that little thing.
Yeah. Making swords, exact swords and whatnot. So we've been on for 25 minutes. We should, we should, we should wait like an extra minute just in case because they made it, they made it a point like if you get anything less than 25 minutes that you know, they're not gonna give it to you. Okay,
wow.
Yeah, Well this has been a fun experience
mm at all. Yeah,
the icebreaker questions would have worked. Uh
huh Right.
Yeah, Yeah, so kevin, Right. Yeah, because if you don't, if you forgot.
Well,
all right now, yeah, nice talking to you. I don't I don't know how to I don't know how we get this work. And I'm just gonna turn away.
I'm going to press next first this to make sure. Yeah.
Mhm. Is that you should click 25. All right.
All right.
Do this butter.