SPEAKER_R: Hello as going, it was not loading on my laptop so I opened it on my phone. I hope that's okay.
SPEAKER_L: thank
SPEAKER_R: Probably
SPEAKER_L: you.
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: Okay. It's not tough.
SPEAKER_L: don't know if you can hear me either okay.
SPEAKER_R: I can hear you. Can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Oh I know what the issues that's my issue. Sorry give me one quick second there as well here now. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Okay. You can hear me okay, great. Um I was saying that it was not loading on my laptop but opens it on my phone. I hope that's okay.
SPEAKER_L: thanks nice
SPEAKER_R: nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_L: to meet you. I'm Castillo
SPEAKER_R: Hi.
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I'm ridiculous.
SPEAKER_L: I had my
SPEAKER_R: It.
SPEAKER_L: wrong ear buds picked so
SPEAKER_R: Have you done this before?
SPEAKER_L: yes this is the third time. Oh technically for the first time I got stood up it was very sad.
SPEAKER_R: Really? I've actually been stood up I think like six or seven times at this point, but it's kind of nice because you get that dollar 50 if someone stands you up, so if you're okay with like the rejected in the moment it works out. Uh So where are you from?
SPEAKER_L: Austin texas, yep.
SPEAKER_R: I'm from New york city.
SPEAKER_L: Oh wow, Big apple please.
SPEAKER_R: Have you ever been here?
SPEAKER_L: No never. And I've been
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: flown through it. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's not really a good time to come. They how are things does it do? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I mean governor he did not handle it well any way shape or form it is still not handling it well
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's kind of crazy. everybody said that like our governor was doing okay cuomo like for a little bit he was like the national hero and then all of a sudden everybody just like really turned on him again. I think just people are getting really frustrated um everywhere across the board.
SPEAKER_L: paying my cat wants to talk to you as well. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: hello Cat,
SPEAKER_L: if you can hear something like like thudding that's my cat rubbing her face against the mic.
SPEAKER_R: cute.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I can't get to say anything no. Um Yeah I know it's just the people themselves aren't now she's gonna light um the people themselves aren't that bad. it's just said, you know state government, things like that, the city did a good job, but because of the governor saying the city can't impose like certain rules, they can't, they'll do anything.
SPEAKER_R: Right. Yeah. I guess like our biggest issue right now is um opening the schools again. Uh So I'm a teacher so I'm just like waiting for them to tell me like are we going in or not? Um Because people are saying that because we did a pretty good job in new york city, like you know maybe we can open the schools but you know other people are saying that as soon as we opened the schools were going to lose all the progress that we made. Uh But again like the fact that school starts in a few weeks and like nobody has made any decision is really stressful.
SPEAKER_L: yep. Yeah, they're trying to reopen schools here as well with a lot of people don't want rightfully so because you can't keep it from being spread from kids because kids are gross.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, I know they are um I teach high school and you know it seems like the teenagers, they carry it just as much as the adults, so it's not great.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, outside of that, how are you doing in new york? Everything good now or?
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah things are pretty good, I mean it was like really rough like in March and april but now you know things are opening up again and uh I feel like comfortable like meeting some friends at the park, so we've been socializing a little bit more, it's me and my husband and I don't know, I think I'm starting to like see the light maybe that like you know things kind of things can get good, how about with you?
SPEAKER_L: I have, nothing has changed for me, like nothing at all, literally my life before quarantine was the exact same, isn't life during it, so Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, honestly I'm like a huge introvert and I like being home, so I I personally like I kind of hate saying it, but I kind of liked it a little bit uh for me like not having to go into work was really nice, like I did all my work from my pajamas on the computer a lot, I watched a lot of tv but I really can't complain and I like that.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. Uh Oh my back, you said you teach high school, this is like the subject or you like a home room, I don't know, new york structure, so
SPEAKER_R: Uh Yeah, so I'm a high school english teacher um
SPEAKER_L: english, sorry, I like
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: my goodness a lot. Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I teach at a public school in East Harlem and if that's like a neighborhood people would know okay, so yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I teach high school english um last year it's hot 11th and 12th period, not sure what grades and teaching next year, but I I really like it, I mean I don't know like it can be challenging obviously, but I love books and reading and talking about it. Um and last year I got to teach ap lit for the first time, which was fun, so it's um this is my fifth year teaching, it's okay, I really can't complain too much.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah teaching is very hard skill to learn how to do it properly and a lot of fun stuff. Um
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I think like um like my experience and pretty much everybody else like in my cohort was that like we were good at our subject, you know? So we assume that like the good teachers at that subject, but it's really not about knowing your subjects well, it's about being able to convey it to well, you know, I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: this is one thing, you know how the car works, nothing to be able to explain to someone how a car works, what
SPEAKER_R: so uh you know,
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: I quickly learned that like knowing about literature is not helpful, like being able to break it down clearly. Uh for you know, the little ones uh that's definitely been something been working on. Are you a student? Do you work?
SPEAKER_L: nope, nope, I do nothing, I I write a little and things like that but I'm not employed at all right now, I'm not doing much.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, so I can see how a quarantine would be kind of like, you know, not much
SPEAKER_L: nothing's
SPEAKER_R: of a change.
SPEAKER_L: nothing's really changed for me,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I guess that, I don't know, like it kind of made me realize that like maybe I should go out for, you know, because everybody else
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: was talking about like how like all these things, these events they missed, and I'm like I'm like I don't really have to go to, maybe I should. Um But it definitely kind of sucks to be like paying uh new york city rent and is not being able to do anything. I think that's the worst part.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. If I lived in new york city, the number one thing they begin to me right now would be the un ability to go out and just grab some food because I'm a huge foodie and if there's like small street stalls and hot dog caddies and you know, little bomb pop shot for next year, I'll go and eat there. But being stuck in the room stuck in the department was quarantined. It's just like you can't go out and get mm hmm.
SPEAKER_R: like it's like the reason people pay so much money to live here is like because of like the amazing access to everything in the city, but like now we're all just paying to live in this tiny apartments, you know, So it's kind of frustrating um Most people I know uh once back home to their parents, um I can't really do that because I'm married, so it's like you know we can't just go back uh right and it's been getting
SPEAKER_L: Thank you
SPEAKER_R: kind of frustrating being cooped up here I guess, you know like I said I didn't really
SPEAKER_L: that.
SPEAKER_R: do much like in the first place, but just not being, you know like you said, so they go out to restaurants or like a drink, they got something um you know, I like going to museum, there's none of that now, so uh it's tough.
SPEAKER_L: Mm. Yeah, I see. That's also like it's more of a personal thing to me as well that even though I never did anything here is also because I didn't really care about and want to like an awesome we have a Austin city limits, right? And I don't care about it. We had South by Southwest Music Festival. I never went to it, I've never been one to go out and do things. And my faucet to the world has always been through this tiny screen in front of me, you know, and lots of things like online and have a lot of fun doing that. But for actually going out, if it's not for like some random food thing or some neat little like, hey, we're going to have to korean barbecue right now, I went out and do anything. So even like now the quarantine people talking about, I miss I miss going out and seeing people, I'm like, well then go find random people to talk to on the internet. I do it all the time.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I guess like that's um that's like a huge part of it, like a lot of my friends are like in different states anyway, so like the way that I usually communicate with them is like over text, so um yeah it's really crazy like how different people are affected um you know, some people like their entire life is upended, but I really feel like I guess I'm lucky in a way, you know that things are pretty normal, and
SPEAKER_L: That, that sorry, I'm
SPEAKER_R: do you do like these kinds of things a lot, like I'm prolific and all that stuff.
SPEAKER_L: I do a lot of studies improve because I generally like the questions they ask him something really just interesting thing about um for like this, this is like the third time I've talked to someone for time up in it. but um I do actually do stuff online talking to different random people and just talk to them out, just be a different like discord servers, only community things like that.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Yeah, I started I started doing prolific in March. Um
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: I think like because, you know, went through all transitions working from home and I had like a lot more time and the schedules like do things like this, and I always, like, I read it, everyone was talking about prolific, so I'm like all right. Um and it's like great. I think it's one of my favorite because like you said, they're interesting, you know, it's not answering all these mundane questions. Um Uh when I was in college, we had like one of those uh behavioral lab, you know on campus and it paid a lot more. You got $20 every
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: time
SPEAKER_L: know,
SPEAKER_R: you want, but I would like go between classes and um, I thought that was so interesting. I love like trying to figure out like what they were studying in my world, what they're trying to get.
SPEAKER_L: there's my favorite surveys at the end, well two of them, one of them who they tell you what they're starting with, the other one is when they say what do you think the survey was about?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, sometimes like I take a guest and then on the next page that tells you and it was something like totally different and I was like, okay, cool.
SPEAKER_L: Actually I took a study three times in a row, there were different parts over of course, like a couple of weeks and each time and asked you what do you think is Syria was about and I found myself answering it differently every single time, even though the questions never changed, because every time we took the survey you're like you're doing this one again and you're letting other people to your okay, maybe they're trying to look for something different and the third time what you're doing it again and, and I'm It's just yeah, love that guessing game. You know, is this really a study about what color is the best color? Or is about how you react to what color is the best color?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. No, I think there are a lot of fun. I don't know, I'm gonna go to so far as to say it's like fun but definitely enjoyable for, you know, the fact that you're getting paid for it too.
SPEAKER_L: Mm for me, they're just 100% brain candy. It's like doing puzzles on the Internet, things like that. Although I actually failed one of the puzzles on one of those areas that recently did. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: happened?
SPEAKER_L: So they're doing a test to see how quickly um if you jump to conclusions essentially, or if you actually think it through. So the question was, if you're running in the marathon and you passed person the second place, what place are you in
SPEAKER_R: I, I feel like the trick answer is first, but your second because he passes like
SPEAKER_L: Because
SPEAKER_R: where you
SPEAKER_L: if
SPEAKER_R: look.
SPEAKER_L: I say I put first because I'm, you know.
SPEAKER_R: Thank you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so i it still haunts me that I got that one wrong because I didn't think about it too hard. Um They had a couple more questions on there, like uh Amelia's father has three daughters, january, february, and what's the third daughter's name?
SPEAKER_R: Right. They want you to say march. But it's actually Amelia Yeah, I didn't want it was, it was questions like that and they were like 10 on the page and then on the next page that I told you how many you got correct and I was very confident. I thought I got all of them, right, because I'm pretty good at like, you know, not falling for these tricks and it was like you got six out of 10 and I was like, which one's gonna get wrong? So yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I think they are kind of fun in a way.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's very brain puzzling. Yeah, I actually, so the one thing I'm very happy for that doesn't do where I've yet to see them do is they don't do uh what they called, Have you applied for a job and they have to take like a 2200 questions long survey.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So the recent jobs do that is to see um not how attentive you are, but if you're changing your answers It's only like 20 or 30 questions they asked like three or 4 different ways and you're supposed to answer the same question, otherwise they automatically disqualify you
SPEAKER_R: That's really interesting because sometimes like I worry about that, you know, like I feel like I'm genuinely being honest when I answer it. But then like other times like, you know, I feel like humans are complex, you know? So like questions like, you know, do you generally like trust other people? Like yes, but then they give you phrase it another way. Like I can see myself saying no. Uh Maybe sometimes I feel like I don't like no myself as well as I think I do. I am definitely
SPEAKER_L: what so I got
SPEAKER_R: no, I'm like afraid of getting caught up in things like that. Like I'm also on one right now that is like repeating like every week. I'm like they always ask things like that, you know like in general like how like reflective would you say you are? And it's like the same thing every time and like I don't know like sometimes I think I am but maybe at the beginning I said I wasn't no, I don't want to mess up their data. But also um you know it's hard to like know yourself consistently.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah right I was gonna say yeah, so it's like they asked the same question over and over again, like in general how effectively you are, one week, the next week, the same thing, they're actually gonna be tracking that, but like for jobs will ask you how trustful you are people and then the next phase will ask you a question is do you trust in people? And the next page is actually the question is are people something you that you think you can trust in? And it's the same question every single time they're just checking to make sure you're saying the exact same thing every single time I remember who was working for, but he was talking through me through applying for the job, same company, different departments and they wanted me to take that thing again. He goes, oh by the way just answer the same thing to every single question of the same variance and you'll get to do otherwise you want. So he told me don't be honest, just make up a character and make sure you answer those questions exactly the same. So like like think batman
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: does he trusted people know, okay, how trustful is you have people know Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I got that. Uh there's got to be like a better wife do that.
SPEAKER_L: It's interesting all the stuff they do to weed out people for job applications.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I know like my husband's company got in trouble because um like one of his hiring people said in an interview that like they automatically reject anyone who doesn't sound like a thank you follow up email like within 24 hours and it's like come on, you know, like you can't say that like people were like kind of blew up on twitter, you know, people like really calling her out because like some people like never learned that that was the etiquette, you know? And like at the same time people were like, well are you sending thank you emails, you know, to like the candidate who spend their time and you're going with you. So I you know, I mean I guess everybody like has like their judgments and prejudices and whatever, but I can't buy it, you know? So. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But I do um as you like prolific I think mostly because they don't uh like disqualify you, you know, like as long as you started like you're gonna get paid for it, you know? As long as you're honest I guess. I feel like, I don't know, I went through Five days where I was like hearing all those other survey sites and it was just horrible. Like you would spend 20 minutes on something and then
SPEAKER_L: And then did
SPEAKER_R: and you
SPEAKER_L: qualified.
SPEAKER_R: like by so I don't always spend time with that anymore.
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: I think I realized that like my time is valuable, you know, in a sense. And I'm not doing a 35 minute survey for eight cents. Like I'm just not. So I like that is pretty fairly.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I just don't fail the intention checks or suck at Math. I failed out of one survey. I disqualified for it because I asked me a question that had with Math and I went no that question is wrong when it was right
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. Got it.
SPEAKER_L: and I Different one. I failed out just because I was born in America. Yeah it was like um they're doing a study in europe and they forgot to check the boxes that don't include american citizens. As for your about page. So when I went in there said were you born in America? Yes I'm sorry did not qualify for the study. So that was the second question.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's like a mistake on their card. Um Do you do use your testing also many times?
SPEAKER_L: What is that? That sounds interesting.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. You might like it. That's actually I think like my biggest uh side hustle your money, whatever you wanna call it. Our user testing is like a site where I you like give your feedback on website. Um So like companies uh Well like thank you to the website and it records your screen and you're a microphone like while you navigate the website and you have to just kind of say like I think this is easy to navigate. I like the pictures. Um I think this is confusing. Like it'll tell you like try to find you know an extra large t shirts and you have to like talk through it and be like oh like it's really easy to find this. You're like oh I'm not really sure like to search for this, but I guess basically like people getting feedback on their website. Um But it's really good because each one pays $10 like Blackfeet and usually they only paid 10 to 15 minutes to do. Um So I found that that's been really good, especially now that I'm just like home all the time, you know, you just kind of like keep the page open and wait for them to pop up, similar to paralympic, but the problem is like it's hard to qualify, you know? Um Like I'm like prolific, like everything you get you automatically can do here, like you have to take a screener first and like nine times out of 10 you don't qualify, but When you do it's like an easy $10 and it really has that.
SPEAKER_L: She sounds really interesting. Thank you for sharing that with me.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, definitely check it out. Um Yeah, those two big ones.
SPEAKER_L: You know.
SPEAKER_R: But uh I don't know I keep thinking that like I'm home for the summer because you know in the teacher like I've been doing anything for the past two months. Like I really should have like done some tutoring or something. She's like I don't want to honestly like everything is so stressful like this medication so it's all my fault is fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. That's what my approach for anyone to when they talk about it. Quarantine is just take it as a break man. I'm sorry you've been going, going, going and now you're being forced to break and you don't know what to do. Just sit back, relax and enjoy doing nothing.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know why people are putting so much pressure on themselves. They want to learn a new language they wanted to like learn. Say so like why it was like a fine if he's on. Um But I think some people are just like you know they got like EMC just kind of sitting around but I like to sitting around. So
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, it's one of the best things ever. What are you doing nothing? So I no, no, no, I'm doing nothing, it is wonderful,
SPEAKER_R: yeah one thing I have been doing is cooking a lot. Um Yeah
SPEAKER_L: sorry, like that, I love food, you know, so
SPEAKER_R: koreas. Uh So my husband's Persian, so I've been running for cooked version food. Um which is good because like every time I tell people what I make for like wow that sounds so impressive. But it's actually really easy because it's pretty much just like a big do you know and just put a bunch of things in a pot and like what it he was he was playing for two hours but that's been fun. Um because again there's like nothing else to do. So I have time during the day to make these recipes will take four hours. Um And you know we're just really good.
SPEAKER_L: I would say that is one of the things I do enjoy about cooking is that uh you can make a really simple dish and if you know what it's called, a different culture and know what it is, you can make sounds really fancy, like, you know, the croque madame is,
SPEAKER_R: I sound french.
SPEAKER_L: it's a ham and cheese sandwich, okay, a little bit more confident than that, it's pretty much like a ham and ham and cheese grilled sandwich, but if you go through and go, I made a croque madame, they're like, oh my God, that sounds amazing, I mean, really, you took cheese and ham put bread and put on stove, you know, Super simple.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's a really good point. I think like when you talk about making food from other cultures like it inherently sounds like really fancy but like pretty much everything we eat anyway. It's like you know from other cultures um Just make it sounds less impressive.
SPEAKER_L: yep. And then a lot of food, like a lot of food is just really really simple to make, it wasn't, you know, a lot of people were making it, there's just you know, figure out how to get the recipe that you've done.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. I really was like never a good cook. Like at all growing up that I had like no confidence in my ability to cook. But then like I learned it was really just following the recipe, you know like uh as long as you can I read the instructions, you know? And like somewhat confident
SPEAKER_L: No.
SPEAKER_R: we follow them. Uh I feel like that's like a big secret you know? But I never knew like you just follow the instructions and it's fine.
SPEAKER_L: I mean the issues and all the people are good at following instructions, I'm
SPEAKER_R: Yes. Hope the teacher is definitely.
SPEAKER_L: going to say, mm
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Honestly like I kind of struggled because I really don't miss being in front of the classroom like um And I'm not supposed to say that like it makes me a bad teacher but like it's really hard you know to have like 35 like high schoolers in front of you and you're like the one adults in the room and you have to like manage all the talking distractions, all this, all that. It's like a lot, you know, especially like like an introvert. I'm like not that's like my least favorite part of future, you know that that is the teaching. But you know, I like the lesson planning. I like, you know, trying to like interesting things. You know, I like having like discussions but like the actual costume management is um Israel so in a way like the remote or and I was really good for me. I know it wasn't good for them. I know they like really messed being in the classroom but it's kind of nice to have a little brick.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, a few things that doesn't make you a bad teacher, you're allowed to be your own person and a teacher, it's
SPEAKER_R: It
SPEAKER_L: this
SPEAKER_R: is.
SPEAKER_L: whole like other conversation about how society puts a value on our jobs. Um The second thing is, yeah, teaching, like I said it is a bunch of skills knowing how to do it, especially for teaching a whole classroom, it's never going to be an easy job. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: guess one thing, you know like you said that people in the school identity of their jobs, like I really never related to that. Like I remember I had a
SPEAKER_L: Thank you.
SPEAKER_R: this year and she was telling me how for her birthday, like her husband got her a bunch of like classroom supplies and like a little sign that said like mrs Ryan and like markers and I'm like, I don't want that for my birthday, you know, like that's like, you know, like my job and my birthday or like separate things, you know? But some people like their whole identity is that like they're a teacher, you know? And I don't know if it's like a mhm. There's an insecurity thing, you know? But
SPEAKER_L: it's really what society wants to push it on people, you know, how many people do you talk to? And the first thing I said, what's your job or what do you do? You know? Because especially like corporate culture, they want you to be like I am for the company, it's super into it and this is my whole life, my passion when that really shouldn't be the case. But that's what companies and society want because it makes you more efficient. It makes you a better worker if you know you're focused on it. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Right. And I expect you to like devote your whole life to this company
SPEAKER_L: Called.
SPEAKER_R: for $7 an hour. The company that like does you whatsoever like, you know, I couldn't care less if you're dying. Um so it's just like a right dan society. I think we got going
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then teachers themselves have it worse too because a lot of time you guys can't leave your work at school, you do less than planning at home, right? It's not
SPEAKER_R: correct.
SPEAKER_L: yeah that's in planning making homework grading tests. There isn't enough time in the day to do that at the school.
SPEAKER_R: Right, right. And then it comes down to the point where it's like what you've been looking for, you know, like I don't have kids yet, but I can totally see where it's like you spend no time with your own kids because you're like still busy, like creating the perfect lesson plan again for like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: school that does not care about you because they want to send us into the classrooms with zero protection and like, you know that, I think that's like the biggest thing about this discussion is that like, it's very obvious in new york, at least you're just seeing the future is like babies that are, you know, um
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: because everyone's like, oh, like the parents have to go to work, like who's going to watch the kids, you know? And it's like, I guess us, but like all they want is just like a warm body to like watch the kids. So it's frustrating. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Number two you know.
SPEAKER_R: I think we're at 25 minutes,
SPEAKER_L: Yes. Yes we are.
SPEAKER_R: but it was really nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. I hope you do well and I hope that you have to figure out what it wants. Uh I was gonna say I've got, you can do stuff yeah, you're talking about how you want to go out and do stuff, you can do stuff soon. Hope this all blows over, you know,
SPEAKER_R: It's just crazy times and yeah, stay safe, stay healthy, stay happy
SPEAKER_L: two
SPEAKER_R: every
SPEAKER_L: piece