thank
you.
I
don't know if you can hear me either okay.
Oh I know what the issues that's my issue. Sorry give me one quick second there as well here now. Yeah
thanks nice
to meet you. I'm Castillo
and
I had my
wrong ear buds picked so
yes this is the third time. Oh technically for the first time I got stood up it was very sad.
Austin texas, yep.
Oh wow, Big apple please.
No never. And I've been
flown through it. Yeah
I mean I mean governor he did not handle it well any way shape or form it is still not handling it well
paying my cat wants to talk to you as well. Yeah
if you can hear something like like thudding that's my cat rubbing her face against the mic.
Yeah I can't get to say anything no. Um Yeah I know it's just the people themselves aren't now she's gonna light um the people themselves aren't that bad. it's just said, you know state government, things like that, the city did a good job, but because of the governor saying the city can't impose like certain rules, they can't, they'll do anything.
yep. Yeah, they're trying to reopen schools here as well with a lot of people don't want rightfully so because you can't keep it from being spread from kids because kids are gross.
Yeah, outside of that, how are you doing in new york? Everything good now or?
I have, nothing has changed for me, like nothing at all, literally my life before quarantine was the exact same, isn't life during it, so Yeah.
Nice. Uh Oh my back, you said you teach high school, this is like the subject or you like a home room, I don't know, new york structure, so
english, sorry, I like
my goodness a lot. Mhm.
Yeah.
Yeah teaching is very hard skill to learn how to do it properly and a lot of fun stuff. Um
this is one thing, you know how the car works, nothing to be able to explain to someone how a car works, what
good.
nope, nope, I do nothing, I I write a little and things like that but I'm not employed at all right now, I'm not doing much.
nothing's
nothing's really changed for me,
no.
Yeah. If I lived in new york city, the number one thing they begin to me right now would be the un ability to go out and just grab some food because I'm a huge foodie and if there's like small street stalls and hot dog caddies and you know, little bomb pop shot for next year, I'll go and eat there. But being stuck in the room stuck in the department was quarantined. It's just like you can't go out and get mm hmm.
Thank you
that.
Mm. Yeah, I see. That's also like it's more of a personal thing to me as well that even though I never did anything here is also because I didn't really care about and want to like an awesome we have a Austin city limits, right? And I don't care about it. We had South by Southwest Music Festival. I never went to it, I've never been one to go out and do things. And my faucet to the world has always been through this tiny screen in front of me, you know, and lots of things like online and have a lot of fun doing that. But for actually going out, if it's not for like some random food thing or some neat little like, hey, we're going to have to korean barbecue right now, I went out and do anything. So even like now the quarantine people talking about, I miss I miss going out and seeing people, I'm like, well then go find random people to talk to on the internet. I do it all the time.
That, that sorry, I'm
I do a lot of studies improve because I generally like the questions they ask him something really just interesting thing about um for like this, this is like the third time I've talked to someone for time up in it. but um I do actually do stuff online talking to different random people and just talk to them out, just be a different like discord servers, only community things like that.
Well
you
know,
there's my favorite surveys at the end, well two of them, one of them who they tell you what they're starting with, the other one is when they say what do you think the survey was about?
Actually I took a study three times in a row, there were different parts over of course, like a couple of weeks and each time and asked you what do you think is Syria was about and I found myself answering it differently every single time, even though the questions never changed, because every time we took the survey you're like you're doing this one again and you're letting other people to your okay, maybe they're trying to look for something different and the third time what you're doing it again and, and I'm It's just yeah, love that guessing game. You know, is this really a study about what color is the best color? Or is about how you react to what color is the best color?
Mm for me, they're just 100% brain candy. It's like doing puzzles on the Internet, things like that. Although I actually failed one of the puzzles on one of those areas that recently did. Yeah.
So they're doing a test to see how quickly um if you jump to conclusions essentially, or if you actually think it through. So the question was, if you're running in the marathon and you passed person the second place, what place are you in
Because
if
I say I put first because I'm, you know.
Yeah, so i it still haunts me that I got that one wrong because I didn't think about it too hard. Um They had a couple more questions on there, like uh Amelia's father has three daughters, january, february, and what's the third daughter's name?
Mhm.
Yeah, it's very brain puzzling. Yeah, I actually, so the one thing I'm very happy for that doesn't do where I've yet to see them do is they don't do uh what they called, Have you applied for a job and they have to take like a 2200 questions long survey.
So the recent jobs do that is to see um not how attentive you are, but if you're changing your answers It's only like 20 or 30 questions they asked like three or 4 different ways and you're supposed to answer the same question, otherwise they automatically disqualify you
what so I got
Yeah right I was gonna say yeah, so it's like they asked the same question over and over again, like in general how effectively you are, one week, the next week, the same thing, they're actually gonna be tracking that, but like for jobs will ask you how trustful you are people and then the next phase will ask you a question is do you trust in people? And the next page is actually the question is are people something you that you think you can trust in? And it's the same question every single time they're just checking to make sure you're saying the exact same thing every single time I remember who was working for, but he was talking through me through applying for the job, same company, different departments and they wanted me to take that thing again. He goes, oh by the way just answer the same thing to every single question of the same variance and you'll get to do otherwise you want. So he told me don't be honest, just make up a character and make sure you answer those questions exactly the same. So like like think batman
does he trusted people know, okay, how trustful is you have people know Okay.
It's interesting all the stuff they do to weed out people for job applications.
Mhm.
And then did
qualified.
All
Yeah. I just don't fail the intention checks or suck at Math. I failed out of one survey. I disqualified for it because I asked me a question that had with Math and I went no that question is wrong when it was right
and I Different one. I failed out just because I was born in America. Yeah it was like um they're doing a study in europe and they forgot to check the boxes that don't include american citizens. As for your about page. So when I went in there said were you born in America? Yes I'm sorry did not qualify for the study. So that was the second question.
What is that? That sounds interesting.
She sounds really interesting. Thank you for sharing that with me.
You know.
Yeah. That's what my approach for anyone to when they talk about it. Quarantine is just take it as a break man. I'm sorry you've been going, going, going and now you're being forced to break and you don't know what to do. Just sit back, relax and enjoy doing nothing.
yeah, yeah, it's one of the best things ever. What are you doing nothing? So I no, no, no, I'm doing nothing, it is wonderful,
sorry, like that, I love food, you know, so
I would say that is one of the things I do enjoy about cooking is that uh you can make a really simple dish and if you know what it's called, a different culture and know what it is, you can make sounds really fancy, like, you know, the croque madame is,
it's a ham and cheese sandwich, okay, a little bit more confident than that, it's pretty much like a ham and ham and cheese grilled sandwich, but if you go through and go, I made a croque madame, they're like, oh my God, that sounds amazing, I mean, really, you took cheese and ham put bread and put on stove, you know, Super simple.
yep. And then a lot of food, like a lot of food is just really really simple to make, it wasn't, you know, a lot of people were making it, there's just you know, figure out how to get the recipe that you've done.
No.
I mean the issues and all the people are good at following instructions, I'm
going to say, mm
Yeah, a few things that doesn't make you a bad teacher, you're allowed to be your own person and a teacher, it's
this
whole like other conversation about how society puts a value on our jobs. Um The second thing is, yeah, teaching, like I said it is a bunch of skills knowing how to do it, especially for teaching a whole classroom, it's never going to be an easy job. Yeah.
Thank you.
it's really what society wants to push it on people, you know, how many people do you talk to? And the first thing I said, what's your job or what do you do? You know? Because especially like corporate culture, they want you to be like I am for the company, it's super into it and this is my whole life, my passion when that really shouldn't be the case. But that's what companies and society want because it makes you more efficient. It makes you a better worker if you know you're focused on it. Yeah.
Called.
Yeah. And then teachers themselves have it worse too because a lot of time you guys can't leave your work at school, you do less than planning at home, right? It's not
yeah that's in planning making homework grading tests. There isn't enough time in the day to do that at the school.
I
think
Mhm.
Number two you know.
Yes. Yes we are.
Mhm. I hope you do well and I hope that you have to figure out what it wants. Uh I was gonna say I've got, you can do stuff yeah, you're talking about how you want to go out and do stuff, you can do stuff soon. Hope this all blows over, you know,
two
piece