Hello as going, it was not loading on my laptop so I opened it on my phone. I hope that's okay.
Probably
people
Okay. It's not tough.
I can hear you. Can you hear me?
Okay. You can hear me okay, great. Um I was saying that it was not loading on my laptop but opens it on my phone. I hope that's okay.
nice to meet you.
Hi.
I'm ridiculous.
It.
Have you done this before?
Really? I've actually been stood up I think like six or seven times at this point, but it's kind of nice because you get that dollar 50 if someone stands you up, so if you're okay with like the rejected in the moment it works out. Uh So where are you from?
I'm from New york city.
Have you ever been here?
Well
yeah, it's not really a good time to come. They how are things does it do? Mhm.
Yeah, it's kind of crazy. everybody said that like our governor was doing okay cuomo like for a little bit he was like the national hero and then all of a sudden everybody just like really turned on him again. I think just people are getting really frustrated um everywhere across the board.
hello Cat,
cute.
Right. Yeah. I guess like our biggest issue right now is um opening the schools again. Uh So I'm a teacher so I'm just like waiting for them to tell me like are we going in or not? Um Because people are saying that because we did a pretty good job in new york city, like you know maybe we can open the schools but you know other people are saying that as soon as we opened the schools were going to lose all the progress that we made. Uh But again like the fact that school starts in a few weeks and like nobody has made any decision is really stressful.
Yes, I know they are um I teach high school and you know it seems like the teenagers, they carry it just as much as the adults, so it's not great.
Uh Yeah things are pretty good, I mean it was like really rough like in March and april but now you know things are opening up again and uh I feel like comfortable like meeting some friends at the park, so we've been socializing a little bit more, it's me and my husband and I don't know, I think I'm starting to like see the light maybe that like you know things kind of things can get good, how about with you?
Yeah, honestly I'm like a huge introvert and I like being home, so I I personally like I kind of hate saying it, but I kind of liked it a little bit uh for me like not having to go into work was really nice, like I did all my work from my pajamas on the computer a lot, I watched a lot of tv but I really can't complain and I like that.
Uh Yeah, so I'm a high school english teacher um
and
I teach at a public school in East Harlem and if that's like a neighborhood people would know okay, so yeah,
I teach high school english um last year it's hot 11th and 12th period, not sure what grades and teaching next year, but I I really like it, I mean I don't know like it can be challenging obviously, but I love books and reading and talking about it. Um and last year I got to teach ap lit for the first time, which was fun, so it's um this is my fifth year teaching, it's okay, I really can't complain too much.
Yeah, I think like um like my experience and pretty much everybody else like in my cohort was that like we were good at our subject, you know? So we assume that like the good teachers at that subject, but it's really not about knowing your subjects well, it's about being able to convey it to well, you know, I don't know.
so uh you know,
I quickly learned that like knowing about literature is not helpful, like being able to break it down clearly. Uh for you know, the little ones uh that's definitely been something been working on. Are you a student? Do you work?
Mhm. Yeah, so I can see how a quarantine would be kind of like, you know, not much
of a change.
Yeah. Yeah, I guess that, I don't know, like it kind of made me realize that like maybe I should go out for, you know, because everybody else
was talking about like how like all these things, these events they missed, and I'm like I'm like I don't really have to go to, maybe I should. Um But it definitely kind of sucks to be like paying uh new york city rent and is not being able to do anything. I think that's the worst part.
like it's like the reason people pay so much money to live here is like because of like the amazing access to everything in the city, but like now we're all just paying to live in this tiny apartments, you know, So it's kind of frustrating um Most people I know uh once back home to their parents, um I can't really do that because I'm married, so it's like you know we can't just go back uh right and it's been getting
kind of frustrating being cooped up here I guess, you know like I said I didn't really
do much like in the first place, but just not being, you know like you said, so they go out to restaurants or like a drink, they got something um you know, I like going to museum, there's none of that now, so uh it's tough.
Yeah, I guess like that's um that's like a huge part of it, like a lot of my friends are like in different states anyway, so like the way that I usually communicate with them is like over text, so um yeah it's really crazy like how different people are affected um you know, some people like their entire life is upended, but I really feel like I guess I'm lucky in a way, you know that things are pretty normal, and
do you do like these kinds of things a lot, like I'm prolific and all that stuff.
Mhm. Yeah, I started I started doing prolific in March. Um
I think like because, you know, went through all transitions working from home and I had like a lot more time and the schedules like do things like this, and I always, like, I read it, everyone was talking about prolific, so I'm like all right. Um and it's like great. I think it's one of my favorite because like you said, they're interesting, you know, it's not answering all these mundane questions. Um Uh when I was in college, we had like one of those uh behavioral lab, you know on campus and it paid a lot more. You got $20 every
time
you want, but I would like go between classes and um, I thought that was so interesting. I love like trying to figure out like what they were studying in my world, what they're trying to get.
Yeah, sometimes like I take a guest and then on the next page that tells you and it was something like totally different and I was like, okay, cool.
Yeah. No, I think there are a lot of fun. I don't know, I'm gonna go to so far as to say it's like fun but definitely enjoyable for, you know, the fact that you're getting paid for it too.
happened?
I, I feel like the trick answer is first, but your second because he passes like
where you
look.
Thank you.
Right. They want you to say march. But it's actually Amelia Yeah, I didn't want it was, it was questions like that and they were like 10 on the page and then on the next page that I told you how many you got correct and I was very confident. I thought I got all of them, right, because I'm pretty good at like, you know, not falling for these tricks and it was like you got six out of 10 and I was like, which one's gonna get wrong? So yeah,
I think they are kind of fun in a way.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's really interesting because sometimes like I worry about that, you know, like I feel like I'm genuinely being honest when I answer it. But then like other times like, you know, I feel like humans are complex, you know? So like questions like, you know, do you generally like trust other people? Like yes, but then they give you phrase it another way. Like I can see myself saying no. Uh Maybe sometimes I feel like I don't like no myself as well as I think I do. I am definitely
no, I'm like afraid of getting caught up in things like that. Like I'm also on one right now that is like repeating like every week. I'm like they always ask things like that, you know like in general like how like reflective would you say you are? And it's like the same thing every time and like I don't know like sometimes I think I am but maybe at the beginning I said I wasn't no, I don't want to mess up their data. But also um you know it's hard to like know yourself consistently.
What?
Yeah, I got that. Uh there's got to be like a better wife do that.
Yeah, I know like my husband's company got in trouble because um like one of his hiring people said in an interview that like they automatically reject anyone who doesn't sound like a thank you follow up email like within 24 hours and it's like come on, you know, like you can't say that like people were like kind of blew up on twitter, you know, people like really calling her out because like some people like never learned that that was the etiquette, you know? And like at the same time people were like, well are you sending thank you emails, you know, to like the candidate who spend their time and you're going with you. So I you know, I mean I guess everybody like has like their judgments and prejudices and whatever, but I can't buy it, you know? So. Yeah.
Yeah. But I do um as you like prolific I think mostly because they don't uh like disqualify you, you know, like as long as you started like you're gonna get paid for it, you know? As long as you're honest I guess. I feel like, I don't know, I went through Five days where I was like hearing all those other survey sites and it was just horrible. Like you would spend 20 minutes on something and then
and you
like by so I don't always spend time with that anymore.
I think I realized that like my time is valuable, you know, in a sense. And I'm not doing a 35 minute survey for eight cents. Like I'm just not. So I like that is pretty fairly.
Uh huh. Got it.
Well that's like a mistake on their card. Um Do you do use your testing also many times?
Oh yeah. You might like it. That's actually I think like my biggest uh side hustle your money, whatever you wanna call it. Our user testing is like a site where I you like give your feedback on website. Um So like companies uh Well like thank you to the website and it records your screen and you're a microphone like while you navigate the website and you have to just kind of say like I think this is easy to navigate. I like the pictures. Um I think this is confusing. Like it'll tell you like try to find you know an extra large t shirts and you have to like talk through it and be like oh like it's really easy to find this. You're like oh I'm not really sure like to search for this, but I guess basically like people getting feedback on their website. Um But it's really good because each one pays $10 like Blackfeet and usually they only paid 10 to 15 minutes to do. Um So I found that that's been really good, especially now that I'm just like home all the time, you know, you just kind of like keep the page open and wait for them to pop up, similar to paralympic, but the problem is like it's hard to qualify, you know? Um Like I'm like prolific, like everything you get you automatically can do here, like you have to take a screener first and like nine times out of 10 you don't qualify, but When you do it's like an easy $10 and it really has that.
Yes, definitely check it out. Um Yeah, those two big ones.
But uh I don't know I keep thinking that like I'm home for the summer because you know in the teacher like I've been doing anything for the past two months. Like I really should have like done some tutoring or something. She's like I don't want to honestly like everything is so stressful like this medication so it's all my fault is fun.
I don't know why people are putting so much pressure on themselves. They want to learn a new language they wanted to like learn. Say so like why it was like a fine if he's on. Um But I think some people are just like you know they got like EMC just kind of sitting around but I like to sitting around. So
yeah one thing I have been doing is cooking a lot. Um Yeah
koreas. Uh So my husband's Persian, so I've been running for cooked version food. Um which is good because like every time I tell people what I make for like wow that sounds so impressive. But it's actually really easy because it's pretty much just like a big do you know and just put a bunch of things in a pot and like what it he was he was playing for two hours but that's been fun. Um because again there's like nothing else to do. So I have time during the day to make these recipes will take four hours. Um And you know we're just really good.
I sound french.
Yeah that's a really good point. I think like when you talk about making food from other cultures like it inherently sounds like really fancy but like pretty much everything we eat anyway. It's like you know from other cultures um Just make it sounds less impressive.
Yeah. Yeah. I really was like never a good cook. Like at all growing up that I had like no confidence in my ability to cook. But then like I learned it was really just following the recipe, you know like uh as long as you can I read the instructions, you know? And like somewhat confident
we follow them. Uh I feel like that's like a big secret you know? But I never knew like you just follow the instructions and it's fine.
Yes. Hope the teacher is definitely.
Yeah. Honestly like I kind of struggled because I really don't miss being in front of the classroom like um And I'm not supposed to say that like it makes me a bad teacher but like it's really hard you know to have like 35 like high schoolers in front of you and you're like the one adults in the room and you have to like manage all the talking distractions, all this, all that. It's like a lot, you know, especially like like an introvert. I'm like not that's like my least favorite part of future, you know that that is the teaching. But you know, I like the lesson planning. I like, you know, trying to like interesting things. You know, I like having like discussions but like the actual costume management is um Israel so in a way like the remote or and I was really good for me. I know it wasn't good for them. I know they like really messed being in the classroom but it's kind of nice to have a little brick.
It
is.
guess one thing, you know like you said that people in the school identity of their jobs, like I really never related to that. Like I remember I had a
this year and she was telling me how for her birthday, like her husband got her a bunch of like classroom supplies and like a little sign that said like mrs Ryan and like markers and I'm like, I don't want that for my birthday, you know, like that's like, you know, like my job and my birthday or like separate things, you know? But some people like their whole identity is that like they're a teacher, you know? And I don't know if it's like a mhm. There's an insecurity thing, you know? But
Right. And I expect you to like devote your whole life to this company
for $7 an hour. The company that like does you whatsoever like, you know, I couldn't care less if you're dying. Um so it's just like a right dan society. I think we got going
correct.
Right, right. And then it comes down to the point where it's like what you've been looking for, you know, like I don't have kids yet, but I can totally see where it's like you spend no time with your own kids because you're like still busy, like creating the perfect lesson plan again for like
the
school that does not care about you because they want to send us into the classrooms with zero protection and like, you know that, I think that's like the biggest thing about this discussion is that like, it's very obvious in new york, at least you're just seeing the future is like babies that are, you know, um
because everyone's like, oh, like the parents have to go to work, like who's going to watch the kids, you know? And it's like, I guess us, but like all they want is just like a warm body to like watch the kids. So it's frustrating. Yeah.
I think we're at 25 minutes,
but it was really nice talking to you.
It's just crazy times and yeah, stay safe, stay healthy, stay happy
every