Hi, sorry about that, accidentally pushed the next button
the first time. I know, I'm like what do I do? And it said if you accidentally push the next button, it's like they were talking, being knew I was going to do that.
Exactly. They knew that I was one of those people, Well, couldn't mean and let's hear what time it is where you're at
uh West coast Portland Oregon, mm
it's beautiful, especially in the summer. Um Other than that it's pretty rainy, but that's what I guess, what makes it green? So um where are you from?
Maybe
Yeah,
for sure. Yeah, I'm my name's Day lisa by the way.
Uh huh, lisa. D
L
I.
Alicia. Okay, lisa And Alicia. Okay. Gotcha. Um Yeah, so yeah, Portland born and raised, traveled a lot, but we also have a house in florida. Um which I think my husband does better with east coast. He's kind of he's not from the east Coast but he tends to be, but he just speaks his mind, which not a bad thing, but like in the west coast, you know, it's like, what did he say like? Yeah,
well especially Portland area can be very, we don't like, like for instance, I'm a, I'm a nurse case manager and I can't say certain things like if I have a patient who's homeless, I have to say housed. It's like, you know, otherwise I get jury looks, you know, from, from everybody. So it's very, but it's interesting because it's only really the ordinary you go outside of that to the more rural and it's not like that. But yeah, my husband just, you know, he's yeah, you
know, and
rude.
Right. Right. So when we were in florida, oh he sat right in
like
this.
That is true. That is true. Yes, they definitely. And that's where we bought our house is um kind of hunt according to Cape Coral Area, which I saw one of the northeasters that were down there. And so but eventually so so where are you thinking about maybe moving now that you've kind of mm hmm. Gotta chop using.
I've
been
It's
My.
sorry.
Morning. Yeah.
Talking.
he's a dog. And my husband's bringing in the paper. Thank you. Yeah, you can leave chance in here. Yes, we have a prayer colleague. We have two border collies. Actually we've got a puppy to in here while we're at it. We uh we breed border colleagues. But one of the puppies is staying until uh for he's nine weeks old tomorrow with some stay for another two weeks just to uh be more uh more time with his mom. One on one, the lady who got him as a trainer and she wanted to uh you know, see if he couldn't stay longer or she just a
puppy to stay walk or just to spend time with mom and um Clay and learn some of the probably good habits right here is going to come here, come here baby, coming
in. Oh yeah. Oh
sorry, yeah, I got
this little darcy, oh darcy, she's a sweetheart, jesus sweetheart. So do you have any animals or? Uh
so
I bet I bet talks to me so comforting, you know, they can really fill your emotions and stuff and just kind of blend a little hand, then they can just be handful too. Right. There you go. This one looks at me a surrogate mom. I actually on this last weekend my oldest son, he's uh 31 he lives up into how much Washington. And I went up there. Him and his fiance bought it like a Mhm. A couple acre farm sits on two big horses. And so I went up there, they have like six cat. I was really my allergies were just driving me nuts.
And I love cats. But they have six cats. One dog, three goats and two horses
lot of
that's
lot.
Uh No, they kind of worked up When they first got together, she had a cat and they got a second cat. And then she decided she's she's uh she teaches um ap level high school, so teachers call college level does like forensics, anatomy, physiology, and all the biology and all that cool stuff. Um But she loves cats. So she decided to foster, well then she fostered a mama cat. Mhm. And then, you know, she was like, well can I keep one? And my son was like, yeah, you can keep one. And and she's like, well can I keep doing because when you just keep a mom like, so we ended up with like yeah, they have total six cats and they didn't keep the mama. Um I think one of I think bacon, they named him after like bacon, sausage pancake, I don't know, a
little boxes, foods. Um and uh one of them died, so then they had to have a replacement, you know, for I think that was vacant. And so that's where penn charter came in. So so they had six cats at their one house, then they close by Seattle and then they moved to Snohomish out in the country a little bit and then they got three goats when they got a mama go. And of course she had nine kids, they got two of the kids and then they had they have one horse but the other one's a border. So uh so in the morning I was going out there helping you know clean up after the horses and then essentially kind of it was kind of fun. Her
horse blue will sometimes fight. I haven't been bitten by them but Flynn the other horse was when I took care of. So yeah. Flynn does not fight, he nibbles a little bit but that's
Exactly. So the puppy was left home with my husband and I guess just screamed her head off. Yeah just wasn't used to like the other siblings had already left either six in the letter and then I'm kind of a surrogate mom. The puppy follows me around. It was not following mom around and I got oh boy probably wasn't a smart idea for me to go away, but she survived, she's fine.
I mean they they do, it does take a transition though. It's not uncommon for them to be kind of whining and crying. And so I just, you know, work with the families that it's going to be a little bit of transitions. The willow product, just remember, especially with border collies because they're so stinking smart. If you don't, then they will train you. So it's kind of like a baby if you go in the crib and get it every night, it's gonna expect you to come and get it every night and they're at the age where, you know, they can, you know, suit themselves. You just so, so like now I'll put a out in the garage with her mom, there's like a, there's like a gate up in a little bedded area and then she'll now she won't wine or anything. But um so it is that kind of transition. Most of them have seen their their families more than just once when they came to pick them out like seven times. So it's nice to get to know who they are before they before they go oh this little this little guy likes to pick out envelopes. Yes I know what you're doing. So yeah that's that's my life.
Oh it says um I've been a nurse for 28 years but I always pronounce this wrong. I call it called a clinic Is um How to Aquinnah it's actually um it's um I have it but I didn't even know what it was until I ended up with it. It's a spinal cord injury where your instead of just having like a herniated disk that just literally blows out, like there's just a chunk missing. Yeah,
it's very rare. It only happens in about, what did they say? 500,000 to a million? Um Like back injuries or like her needed just all of that. And it so it's, yeah, it's really interesting because you just you'll be, if you don't have immediate surgery, you'll be paralyzed from the waist down. Well, my mind would have been from the waist down, so,
so there's like a whole kind of like support group type thing. And I mean, I can walk, I can there's I mean, I still have some issues, but there's a lot that I can do where some people are in wheelchairs, which is really scary. So um yeah, so, and so it says like it says it's not for the week, so so we use a lot of humor. But yeah, it's like a facebook support, but there's people from all over the world that just never even knew they had it a lot of times, doctors won't put that diagnosis because it can be depending on the circumstances why you have it. It could be a lawsuit type thing. So you don't usually to admit that that's what it is. Uh Mine wasn't anyone's fault. They just had a, you know, have a bad at the back of an M. 50 but on the back of an 80 year old he said so, but mine, which is from a simple fall outside the house and it just like, you know, went downhill from there, but I got help right away. So that's
the good, yeah, that's a good thing. But yeah, that's kind of scary. But
happened, it was december 4th at 2019, so
no. Yeah, it is and lots of physical therapy and all of that and like I'm back to the gym and you know, we have a bullet weights and stuff and so just keep just keep active um is like the best thing and what I did where I've been working from home since Covid and so let's a sitting, so I have to get out and what kind of going to change position and lost frequently, but.
Yeah.
I have.
Come
on,
beautiful. Yeah. Yeah. Oh that's wonderful. I know, I've got I've got a lot of unique things up, etc. Um
Yeah, how many things that that I really couldn't find anywhere else other than the Nazi? Um I have a friend who does um she's a nurse, case manager like me, but on the side she'll she makes beautiful homemade cards and uh and different, what else does she, what doesn't she do? He's just got a uh like a craft room and I think it's her garage actually. She converted into a craft room. So
so crafty. I'm very envious of people like that. I am not still draw with stick figures.
You know
stuff.
Right. That makes, do you ever do like custom like somebody will say I would like to have you know um you know boardercross such and such? Okay. That's cool.
everyone
That's like never ending. Especially I'm sure if there's different time zones to but that could happy
so
that.
What
and where you saw
that?
help.
Yeah. So you have hit every continent. Yeah. That that is pretty remarkable. That is,
it's
like
it was
an amazon.
I love it. My my mom actually went to two, she loved to travel. She went to about, she's passed away now that she went to 48 countries and of course and I had to be one of them I think. Yeah, I think only she was not, she never made it to africa but she's been to Russia Alaska all over Thailand, Laos Vietnam
Korea. Yeah. I've always wanted I haven't been to Thailand but that's kind of my bucket list and all over europe and yeah, so Antarctica. She took a cruise there and do you
want
it
is it was after she came back, it was one that got stuck there.
Um Yes, yeah, it got, it got stuck. So it
was like cool and but took that trip before I guess everyone was ok. They were able, I don't know, they were able to, I don't know everyone was
right Eventually, but it's funny because they actually had like big, huge parkas for them to wear. So no matter what, you help your own clothes and the shoes and the gloves and all of that. And she
went like
where the yeah, that is that is that I was actually impressed by that. We got to see where the penguin highway and the penguins structure and everything. So it was kind of cool. So she made it there.
What?
That
I
Yeah.
But
that's
fascinating. Talk to. Yeah. It sounds very cold.
The
night
area.
I'm
just trying
to get it.
huh.
Oh, I I read a, I saw a t shirt or sweatshirt it said emotionally unavailable until 2021. I was like that just, that's perfect. I think I know that.
No.
And it's just been going on and on and on. And I am I interestingly enough, I work for infectious disease. Um Yeah, and I'm a nurse case manager. So we were my, there's a show on netflix, I think it's called opened. Um but they talk about the infectious disease specialist up in Seattle and what was happening. It's really interesting. It's factual, um non biased or anything like that. Always hate when things are by, you know, like who's paying for this, right. Um, but our our doctors, the doctors I work with, they were looking at, they knew that we were logistically two weeks behind Seattle. So when
it just became this nightmare, we were gearing up and so we haven't when we we've been hit, but we're not as hard as like Seattle area, especially in the um a lot of the senior living facilities and that I mean just dying right and left and so we've done a good job of that but it was interesting to um just see what was going on from the infectious disease standpoint and a lot of work with like some of the HIV drugs to treat this because our N. A. Yeah it's interesting. The RNA with the Covid virus is much like the HIV virus and so um and with a lot of the HIV drives that can get it to where the virus stops replicating. And so um
one
of my yeah
it's really you know when you don't hear it in the
um so they have uh it's called random A sphere is what they're using. And so they have to do with the study protocol because you have to be like really sick to be on it and there's certain other criteria. But everyone who who was sick to be an I. C. E. O. And on a ventilator they've all recovered using her and atmosphere because it stops the virus from replicating it's not a cure but definitely get people on the other side versus um you know just yeah once you're on the it's kinda
Yeah I
guess
it's
yes there are trials happening but they're happening in the hospital settings is what they're doing atmosphere. Um interestingly enough like the patients that they had and I was asking our doctors about this because I have a lot of HIV positive patients not getting sick. And I'm like can I be a coincidence? But they're on antiretroviral therapy. And there's like no that's not a coincidence because there if they do come down with it, it's only going to be mild because there are medications that they're on are helping it not multiply to the extent. So kind of keep the native bay. So it was like really interesting unless we hear a lot of by Gilead who does HIV medications, that type of stuff. But yeah, there's so much, it's like that's just kind of pushed to the side as we talk about numbers. So um
Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, I heard a lot of talk about vaccine that being the key to like herd immunity. So the majority of people will be their habit or have had the vaccination so that they won't get it. Um to speak. Not, it kind of reminds me of, you know, people talk about getting back to normal. I think we'll always have piece that's just quite not gonna ever be normal again, especially when you go through something like this um kind of like 9, 11. I mean, things never quite the same as they were before. Um There's just always a little bit of difference. And what we're seeing is we're seeing so far at the beginning of the season is less colds and flues right now. So I mean that's because people are just taking that, wearing their mouths doing social distancing. So if anything positive that, you know, hope to see less of less of that in the up and coming season. But yeah, I mean, the they've got some great, you know, trials on vaccinations and that just when it will be here. Exactly. It's
it sounds like they're gonna um they're using for those that are that could, you know, the elderly, those are compromised if they can take it. Um Those people that are really vulnerable. Um First and then, you know, kind of go from there. Um I'm not sure exactly. I know at least those are two of the criteria, but you know, we'll we'll see. I haven't known any buddy. No, actually I have I have known a couple of co workers. I wasn't I've been working from home since March. So um uh which is my S. T. I just rolled out of bed. Don't really let me go to the office anymore. I'm like, I wear my sweats
and
you know, rolling
back, haven't I put makeup on maybe three times. I'm like, what I'll do is I'll wear my sweat my like workout wear and then I have a sweater and hurry up and put on if I gotta
zoom conference, you
know like uh
like
I'm already uh
like make it
up.
they talked
about in our department is working from home, unless, you know, like, when we have these big, like, I don't work in the hospital, I work out patient, but you know, these big brick and mortar places for employees that, oh, that do we really need them? You know, can we work from home? You know? How are we? I think so. They're really just looking at a whole different, different model. Oh, I know. Chance. Okay, okay. His dad had
he's a he's a mooch. But yeah, I mean, I my Children are my Children that I have to at home and they're in high school and
that's an interesting figure out, you know, like, who's gonna get what and where and where
are you
going
to?
So
they are, it's all distance learning right now.
My
stepdaughter lives in florida and she said it's full on back to school and everything down there. Yeah. Full on their mouth, but full on. And then I think they were gonna in october reevaluate and go to a hybrid. They said not yet november, they're going to look at it again. So I figured you know, I told because it's just expect to work, you know, do the school from him until the sometime next year, I mean, I don't think it's there were being super conservative here. So what?
go back.
Oh, that was so yeah, that was really sad. All I can think about is ventilators, we hear the housing market's going crazy too, and it's like what's like, people are just, I mean you would think it would go down, I felt like a recession um with 2000 and 8, 2009 or whatever that was but it's like housing market people are just buying and I'm like you know even me, I was furloughed a couple of weeks and that was no pay so like I don't want to go out and you know investment and I'm not really sure you know stability wise so. Yeah.
Hey.
but some
time.
Just
gradually
sport.
Uh huh.
And a
week
Virginia
back
in
or
I
the
test.
and is that if you cross state lines anywhere like throughout the United States or
is it?
just so different from here where
it's like eight hours to get unless because we border on Washington above us so you can cross over the bridge in like 15 20 minute drive here in Washington. But um yeah they were even like don't come over here, it's like it's Vancouver like your back door. It's like and a lot of people live in Vancouver because it's cheaper there and then work in Portland. So. Yeah so
nothing. Thank you. Really? Canada Vancouver washed people.
I
have
there's Vancouver Bc. Yes and we can't even go into Canada unless you like we have I have a neighbor who's um she is a Canadian resident and so citizen and so she can go there but then she had to quarantine for two weeks with her
family
um that lives there and then she could come back over and she didn't have to quarantine when she came back over. Which he had to quarantine when she went there. So. Yes. Oh
no.
No
no it's yeah it's sad for kids, you know, regardless of what age there there isn't that socialism either, but it's also, you know, they might be okay getting sick, but then you got an elderly person who if they got it. So it's, you know, and some people, younger people won't show any signs or symptoms of it either be career. So um you know, just it'll be nice when maybe we can look back like the, you know, the spanish flu and see it in the back that
remember
that.
Don't don't talk about 2020
little
climate. Let's just forget about it all.
I
know.
That
sounds
good.
There
we go.
Amen to God
wants.
There you go. We can just like kind of catapult pass this. That sounds good. Well, hey, it's been great talking to you.
Yeah, nice meeting you and I wish you the best.
Yeah, it's all mine. And there's, you know, some great scientists working on it, you know, like infectious disease specialists and all of that. It's pretty fascinating actually. But it's uh, it'll be a nice one. We've got a handle on it and we can all kind of calm down and sit on down
Are
are you serious? Oh my goodness. What is your, can I get your, etc. Is that okay?
This
I
will do that. Microbe cross stitch because that would be awesome presents for. Yeah.
Well, just make sure it's not coping.
Step.
it does. Because we'll
have
to look
at
I
All
right. Exactly. Well, great. I will look it up. It was nice meeting you
Youtube by