Hi.
No
so I told you what to do. That's good.
It's 11 p.m. Where are you?
I've always wanted to visit there.
I'm in Connecticut. Yeah I like it here but I don't think I'm gonna stay long term. I grew up here. I lived other places and then I came back met my husband and now I'm getting divorced so I don't think I'm going to stick around. Thank
you. I'm good. Yeah.
Uh huh.
Alicia.
No my name
is
Alicia.
wow.
just
that's
what do you think?
Yeah that's all I
feel like
florida is mostly like northeasterners who got sick of the winter and went down. It's like different than the rest the rest of the south.
Well
my mom.
Yeah. Oh yeah it's
tough it's weird. Um I am my mom and brother. One of my brothers lives in the fredericksburg area of the Virginia. Not too far from D. C. I love D. C. I lived there for two years but nobody can
afford that. Like I was being a volunteer with housing and board paid for so nobody can actually live there. Um And I probably won't live in the fredericksburg area but my best friend lives in Lynchburg which what a terrible city name and that that's where Liberty University is
which are not thrilled with.
I used to be evangelical but I am very not evangelical anymore. So
that's a bit of a it's a bit of a culture clash possibly. Oh is that a dog?
huh.
That's
Oh
it's so cute.
no I had birds when I was growing up and my mom has birds now like I don't know I passed on that that interest but I'm a cat person normally but I'm also allergic to cats which is too bad. And right now I'm staying with friends
who have two dogs and that's been actually really fun. So
No.
Nice. That's that's
a lot. Did
they work up
to that or did they just like say all the animals?
breakfast foods. Right.
Good.
But in a nice way. Yeah that's good.
How does that transition go when the puppies go to their new home? Is it like really stressful for them? Do they adopt their new pack easily?
that's cool. What does your sweatshirt say?
Whoa.
Well
Good.
no kidding.
Oh that's really recently
Yeah I should learn to do that. I work from home regularly. Um
My main my main job is my Etsy shop which is weird But yeah. Um I did really well, like 2014 2015, 2016.
It's fallen off a bit as
he
has kind of changed but still there's a lot of sitting, although I've I've watched a lot of Youtube watched meaning I've listened to it while I'm stitching because I do cross stitch for my my
Yeah, it's cool.
that's nice.
Yeah. I can't draw for my life. I do make my own patterns, but I get to use a software for that and it's all blocks so you can just click it and be like, I want this to be read, I want this to be green and then you can kind of make
drawing,
but it's a lot easier than free hand.
Yeah, that part's a little stressful because there's a lot of communicating going on and I've kind of become burned out on customer service over the years. Like etc
expects you to respond to people within 24 hours and if you get a lot of messages like it's tough.
Yeah. I've sold something to every continent though which is pretty cool. Somebody
on
McMurdo bought something from me once
of the
Antarctica
science station. Yeah. That
was pretty fun.
I don't know how to put that on my resume. So when I get
a job, what
guests
were
service on every continent?
I've been to Thailand.
that's a very limited
cruise. I think
that goes there
mm In ice.
But
eventually leave.
That's
smart.
I have a friend who did a contract there at McMurdo I think she was baking because when she came
back she opened a bakery. But it's like you can have just a limited contract for the season where because they can't do they don't have a full crew in the winter down there. But like during
the
summer a whole bunch of scientists come and do their research and so they have staff that feeds everybody and like cleans and things so you can go just for that season to call being on the ice. And she has a video that I think has shown up on different news outlets of her and a friend um walking from the dorms to the building where they would do their work and they had to hold on to a rope and walk along the rope because there was a blizzard at the time. So it's like these people in these huge parkas holding onto this rope with like wind whipping at them. It seems like she did it for 22 or three reasons. I think. It seems like it's one of the things that if you do it, it becomes like addictive, it's only two months or 2.5 months. But like it's so intense like you're working all the time and the people that you're working with become a family
for that time you're
at
school.
Yeah. I like I wouldn't want to do that cold is the worth. I don't know why I'm here except the south doesn't agree with me in a lot of place. So Yeah,
and
the healthcare
here is pretty good. So that's good. I don't have a kind of need
for
very
good health care. But it's really nice
to be like especially in this transitional time to be able to go to therapy and not worry about a $90 copay. I'm trying to like figure out where to get an apartment and have to be approved for that or whatever, you know, Apart flight stuff, moving stuff. The usual 2020 usual.
I'm at this point I'm worried about looking forward to 2021 because in 2019 I was like, oh well next year will be better and this year was not better.
It has not been better.
her?
No,
I haven't
heard that.
And the regular news.
I've heard it's 80% death rate if you're on the ventilator. Yeah.
So
are their trials
happening for rand atmosphere now?
And a vaccine. I hear a lot of talk about vaccine.
And when people will feel like it's safe enough to get it like and I guess I guess they'll have to ration out the doses at first. I don't know how.
I
understand
that.
I
love that.
It's
the same.
That
would
be a nice thing to come out of this, like that would be a nice difference. Were
people?
Bye.
No.
Are
they
doing
from home, are they doing a hybrid
or do they go to school?
Yeah. That's
smart.
That's I mean that's probably good like I'm in Connecticut so our cases were spiking with new york and actually the housing market in Connecticut right now is crazy like houses are getting bought left and right and the idea is that new Yorkers are moving out, like they're just like either they can work distance now or they're just scared because new york was so bad for
while.
Although I suppose well I haven't thought about this much until this second, but I suppose that new Yorkers would have plenty of money to buy a house in central
Connecticut which is where I am because
like
my house was I think we paid 1 63 for it. It needs work. But it's a nice like dutch colonial like 1900 square feet. Has a little son port. I love that house but I can't afford it on my own so my husband's going to get it. Um But it could probably sell for what we owe on it. We still owe most of the money because we've only had it for two years. Um And it needs, it probably needs $40,000 worth of work honestly to get it like good. Also the garages garbage like somebody should just fuck
it down. It's just not, well just
nothing
but nothing but the lawnmower goes in there. Yeah. But yeah so the housing market's been crazy. And now we have, so we had a spike obviously initially in Fairfield County which is the little judy part down near new york. And now we have, it's like moved east. So there's a spike in the new London area like where the Coast Guard is and the that like urban area. I guess people weren't taking it as seriously over there. I don't know but we have mandatory quarantine. So I'm going to visit my family and my friend um
in a week
and
I'll be in Virginia
half weeks. But when I come back
and after 14
or
like
the test
within
72 hours. Uh huh.
No
and in all other states only the ones that are red, but most of them are red. I mean I think Vermont has had like, I don't know, 1000 cases or something, it's really small, so that's a green state. But when you go to Vermont from Connecticut like they're not happy that you're there. So it's kind of a it's just a really interesting thing and all, you know all the states out here are small like New England other than made, which is a decent size like I can get to a state line going any direction in 45 minutes, so.
No.
That's
Just like I
will
move there.
For
two weeks.
huh.
Yeah, because we don't care as much I guess. Yeah, it's weird like I'm not going to need to quarantine when I go to Virginia and my best friend, she is very careful and she tries to keep her almost three year old daughter like safe but that means not really socializing her daughter very much because the parents, all of the parents at these public parks are not wearing masks, they're not social distancing and their kids are and they're all touching the same place. Get like so yeah that's
not great.
we gotta remember that.
2020 just like
1918.
Yeah. Yeah it's
that year.
Yeah just like can't
we end it now like which
is
just
to
just to make november january, it's not that hard, just just change the years. Well I'll
be like
oh yeah March cold this month of the year, that's normal april will have to be shorter I guess like april will be the new february
or we could
just have to january's we'll just go january february, january, february.
Good to
you too. I'm glad that you're out there working on this stuff.
I should I should have mentioned that my um my most popular crossed ege things are microbes. So
like I mostly germs and cells and stuff.
I mean, you could honestly just just type
in microbe cross stitch and it
would be me.
And the patterns to if you stitch yourself, relax for a lot of people.
I'm not allowed to have covid in my shop because etc. Has a rule against it. I do have a pattern that I've given away for free for it because I got a lot of requests from like nurses and people
who had it like, okay,
but
all
the other
ones
that one later when it's behind us, like, like you were
saying
you too, have a great night.