what the new this morning.
All right.
Uh
We talk about.
Well, I didn't. Okay. Um Yeah, let's see what's good. What's a good place to start? I don't need to get too specific, but just geographically just sort of like state wise, Where are you?
Well, I'm working from home and I will normally be awake, so that's why I threw in the time. So I figured what wouldn't deter at the rest of my family and yeah,
trust I understand. So why did you put in so early?
Check
it out of the
way.
I hear
you. Uh
Yeah. So are you regretting it now?
I'm an attorney.
Um No, I'm just working from for a client and I do most of the so I don't have to go in.
You
know
that?
I have seen that. I was curious whether uh anything I need to look into, maybe I'll check that out sometime. Yeah.
Yeah. Uh So you say you're gonna walk the dog kind of? Yeah.
Oh, for real?
No, no
pets. Just kids
ju or the girl.
Uh six and 9.
Money. Yeah.
Maybe.
Trust me. I understand from.
Right.
Oh.
There. I still think that I didn't get all the uh my wife and I didn't go cooking done yesterday. Uh Usually uh you know, cook a bunch on over the weekend to stretch through the week, so we don't have to worry about it after uh after picking the kids up and all that stuff, we just uh puppet they're back in the oven and microwave and getting heated up, but we didn't uh just ran out of time yesterday. So yeah,
a little cooking to do. Uh just random errands, the housework stuff I can get around to over the weekend. That's one of the things about working from home. Uh It's more time but then you tend to push stuff off if you know that you are you gonna be around all day so you know there's a bunch of stuff that I should have done on the weekend but I'm gonna have to fit in around my around work today.
No of course not. Of
course
not
start.
I know.
decent actually getting worked on. Yeah. Friends.
It
is
uh university of pennsylvania in Philly.
No. Howard from the group?
Yeah.
mm.
Right. All right very cool. I will recommend howard I understand
fans and fans closer so take no offense. But yeah
you know if you if you pursue it definitely give howard howard a good look. Mhm. What
was your, would you study integrated?
Very
What? Yeah.
Okay.
it does. No not as much as you know you get a little bit further north but certainly more than florida. I know I hear you. Yeah.
Right. Maybe
you know.
No I understand.
Uh Just like on vacation a couple times. Uh
we're late though. Yeah.
But yeah my my wife has some uh family in Panama. Uh
We haven't we haven't visited yet.
Yeah.
What?
so it's like some sort of like law they passed what what substance we're going down now?
Mhm.
No.
real? Yeah.
Mm. Didn't really hear that. Okay.
Okay.
Work.
Yeah. Now where you want one of the ones down there? Walling?
What?
Thank you.
Yeah. You gotta listen stuff like that. Mhm. Right.
basically.
But she also didn't follow the car and dice.
Yeah. Okay. Uh huh. Whatever. Um so after work, he plays for you. Mhm. Mhm.
That's really
smart.
Very smart.
I do not miss those days, but that is the exact right approach.
Some next,
yeah, sometimes it's just it's a hassle. It's just one of those things where it's never exactly what you think it's going to be when you're in school.
No, because I never really wanted to be uh nine court do litigation,
so
I
never really wanted to be like in front of the judge or anything, it's just uh you know, sometimes it's just a hassle deal with clients, dealing with uh with your bosses, the firm, just the amount of work that that goes into uh that's not like, you know, actually doing your work with having to deal with, you know, I get these hours in, I gotta do this, or Yeah, it's just a hassle, but it's cool, it pays the bills, so I'm not complaining too much.
All
Yeah.
Yeah, I know a lot of lawyers feel that way I found, and, you know, some just get out. I thought about it. It's just one of those things where it's just it's hard to transition like and I had
to eat
the opportunity,
I would definitely
consider
it.
But
I mean
that's the thing, it's an investment, you spent that much time in that much money, uh,
you want
to,
Oh gosh, I had graduated 19 years ago somehow.
Yeah, not too far. Yeah,
all in all there. Yeah.
But yeah,
Uh both like I read up on it, I was like, well that seems interesting, let me check this out. And uh yeah, so just whenever you know his name on the computer all day anyway, uh so I just kind of keep a tab open and I'll check it out every once in a while and you know, it's usually this is the first time I've ever had to do anything like this, you know, a video chattering thing and I was like, I want to, but
it's
one of those things
why
not?
Trust
I was ready to turn this off. All right. But yeah.
Okay. You know,
every
little
bit helps.
How long have you been doing prolific? Right.
Yeah, like I cashed out two weeks after I started telling maybe like over the summer I found out about it and I was like, let me just see uh
if this even works and so I cashed out like $10 once and just, you know, to an account and then um since I've just been letting it sit there,
thank you.
Yeah. Okay.
Yeah.
No.
no,
I'm
saying way
like why do you, yeah I just don't know why I removed
it
You know. Right
Okay. It's not the first over that. Mhm.
I
guess
I have
things I said that's not the first time I've heard that. So I guess I got accepted. Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah. Right.
Yeah.
What?
Yeah. Uh Mhm. Do you do you watch movies?
What have you seen lately with the kids? I don't get out to the theater as much as I used to so I just figured I lived through uh
through
other
people.
Good.
How was that?
I'll
see it eventually. But don't worry about it. Go talk.
And
at
no point
did I ever think
they would get
away? Yeah.
No.
No, absolutely. Will it? Should I see everything on the on demand or uh red box of them? Not these days, I just never get out.
Okay.
All
Yeah.
Yeah. What is the last thing I saw? Mhm. Gosh. In theaters ahead the big kids moving trying to over the last one. Right. Honestly it's
been
we don't really see
I really do like I didn't I didn't even see I've seen every Star Wars movie I didn't even see I haven't seen that Rise of Skywalker yet.
I
know Exactly. I just didn't get around to see it. Um Yeah, it's so weird. Your priorities just completely changed. Uh We've got a couple of kids running around the house, so yeah, I will. I'll get through it eventually. We get the last thing I saw was probably like over the summer. Like that picks over the left Pixar movie was um
True Story 24.
it
was
nice. I really liked it. Yeah. Okay.
Mhm.
Uh my name. Yeah. Yeah.
So yeah, we all got up like a saturday morning with,
Yeah.
Excellent
Country.
I think so. Like I there's no button or anything, but
it's going to happen.
What?
I guess I have to take them on the word, but yeah, you're right. It's been Well over 25, so. All
It
made you
too.
Cory
Corey. Yeah.
hmm. Don't worry about it. It's
early,
lovely name.
Thanks.
You too.
Look,
Thank you.
You too. Good luck with everything.
Bye.