Yeah. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Teacher thanks.
I am good. How are you?
Mhm Okay.
Mhm
I don't know. I think we're just supposed to talk like they didn't really give us anything to talk about.
I'm in florida. Where are you Maryland? Okay. Ash, Okay. Why are you awake right now?
okay. I literally just woke up.
because I work at eight, so I'm like, you know, and I wake
up
walk.
Yeah, so I'm like, you know what, I could just get this done before I walk the dog, you know, eat a little
serious.
And yeah, I'm like that I could have I could have put a different time. I really could cause
I regret it. I don't regret it. I think it might be a little tired later. But uh I don't work, create. And so what kind of work are you and you say you work from home?
You say you're an attorney? Oh, that's cool. You give like online advice.
got you, got you, got you you're just not going into the office today. Got you. Okay. I don't go that way because there's attorneys that give like online advice
and look, I've
consulted
with a few. So I'm like,
Okay. Okay. That's cool.
Mhm. I have a pet.
He's so bad. Yes. He's so bad. Yeah. Do you have any animals, pets?
No.
You talk about just kids. Okay. I wish kids you have.
Oh, that's perfect. That's true. Yeah, that's good. Okay. How already?
Okay. You got big kids? Yes. Mm. Okay.
Alright. Good stuff. Good stuff. I don't have any kids yet. I still feel like a kid.
So
but soon come hopefully. Mhm.
Yeah.
Think so. What are you gonna do today? Other didn't work? Okay.
huh.
True, true. But look, I would if I was allowed to work from like that would be, I mean would you rather go into the office?
Okay. Because some
people
feel like some people feel like
they can't get work done on their own, so they'd rather be somewhere like, you know
to get work done because they feel like they were just like staying and stuff, but yeah.
Yeah, that would be nice. Yeah. Okay. All right.
Well,
where'd you go to law school?
okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm. And that's what you do. Your undergrad too?
Oh my word. Okay. Okay. Good stuff. Good stuff. Good stuff. I was looking into howard for grad school. Yeah, I wanted um my undergrad, I did my undergrad at florida state. Um So I was looking for a more cultural experience. Um Yeah,
so I was I was I was looking into yeah, either
howard or fan you. Yeah.
Of course.
hmm,
Yeah.
Psychology
psychology. And then I went, I took a year off and then I'm in grad school now. Still a few wi I know. Um But
university of west florida um
and I'll be graduating this semester. But I was, yeah, thank you. I was still thinking about again. I want to get a PhD. So I was looking into like different programs and how it was a school I was looking at. I don't know, I just want, I don't know, I just, I want something different and something I guess kind of outside of florida, but I don't like it snows up there.
Yeah.
I
don't know. I don't do snow. I don't do cold weather. I just don't like it.
Mm hmm. Have you been to florida?
Where'd you go? Miami a bit or Orlando? Because you got kids?
Okay.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
Mm hmm. Well it's nice. There's a beach out there. It's not the best beach but there's a beach out there and then there's like nearby beaches that are like nicer and it's okay spa. It's kind of it's kind of um
people can't do spring break out there any more. It's like crazy out there so so it's a little bit more chills.
It's like the young Ganz can't really go out there. And after four. Um
yeah no spring back used to be the spot used uh um for Panama city they called it PCB and it was like an every year thing. It was like kind of what you would see like on like B. E. T. Experienced type thing. Like it was it was wild out there and then um
I don't know what happened. I'm not sure what happened. I'm not sure like the actual event happened where they like bandit like they banned alcohol on the beach like they yeah so they started making like just a lot of different rules so people um stop going there for
spring break but I mean people so it's just less like it might even be a little bit nicer now that like you know. Yeah but not sure what happened there. Doing the same thing with Miami to like South Beach.
because there was a lot of it was a lot of kids like who died this past Spring Brain but some girls a lot of car.
Yeah
so just safer just say yeah just
making it so that it's safer.
No. Um I know but it's not my choice. I wanted to be there. Um I my boss refused to give me that friday off. Um So
me being you know just the young you know aventuras person that I am. I actually um I was actually going to take a flight because I'm in north florida so I was actually just gonna take a flight down there because all my friends were already down there so
um but there was no seats on the plane like that friday. So um they were like no just come out here saturday morning but I'm like just to come back on sunday like that sounds like a waste of a lot of energy. So um so I just ended up not going and I felt like I believe in like science and I just felt like you know if your boss wouldn't give you the day off. You hear you you at the airport there telling you there's no seats on a plane. Like those are like science that you probably shouldn't go. So
no, I didn't Unfortunately, I wasn't out there. But
I really want the year.
That is true. That is true. That is true. Also still alive very well. So yeah.
I have a wax appointment today and I uh I've tried to um since this being my last semester, I've done well in grad school. But since this is my last semester, I'm trying to be a little bit more like organised like with and not procrastinate. So I'm trying to do a little bit of work every day instead of waiting until like the end of the week when everything is do to like turn everything in. So
I
plan on doing some reading today. I am going to read today. I'm I have to read today like I plan on doing some reading. So that way I'm not bind. Mhm.
I need to do some reading. Yeah.
I'm ready for it to be over. All right be over. Do you like being a lawyer
some days?
What did you think you thought it was gonna be like law and order?
What
you doing
contract?
True to chew. Oh okay. Okay. I have a have a lawyer friend and she hates it. But she does like the court stuff. She yeah she goes to court stuff and she's brand new like she just passed the
bar like uh earlier
earlier last you know sometimes sometimes last year she passed by. So she but yeah, she hates it. Like she she doesn't like it out. So that's why I ask you tonight.
You did like
you did the whole
law school stuff.
I feel
like,
yeah. How long
have you been
lawyer?
That's what I'm saying. So it's
like,
don't you feel like that kind of would be like a waste low key Like you know, how long have you been a lawyer
of of law school? Oh, you're okay. Okay. You know you you was you was giving me late 30 vibes. You was giving me late 30 vibes so okay.
Mm I'm Ari.
Okay. Okay. Okay.
All right. So you do the prolific studies like for some extra money or you like genuinely enjoy this.
Where you
loki
skeptical
dog?
It's my first time too. And I was like, did you know it feels a little sketch you know
like
Oh like I just feel a little different. But you don't know little $15.
Look
I mean
that's
the hour of work for me. So I was like, you know what like this? You know a little 25 minutes. I'm feeling it. Mhm. Mhm. Mhm.
sits leasing her. It hasn't been that long. It really hasn't been that long. My friend um My coworker and friend she she does it. Um But she's on maternity leave. So she's like, he just looking for something to do to bring in some extra money. And when I went to go visit her, she was like, you know you should do this. And so again like I'm also on my computer uh for a lot of the day at work. So I just have the tab open and I'll do like little surveys. Have you taken like 23 minutes and stuff somewhere? Okay. And you know, just, I feel like one day I'm gonna, one day I'm gonna need to cash out and I'm I'm gonna need like everything that I could get. So I just kind of just let it pile up till until I need it,
And
The area and just let it
pile up. Yeah.
Let me see how long to wait. Don't try not to catch up and just see how long to wait. But yeah,
yeah, just do start raising stuff, But I'll be, yeah, no, I've been I've been skeptical about the whole video game. There's that um I don't know if you get this one a lot. The Soda one, the soda study download pops up so much for me and it's always video required
and always like I never do it because of that. Yeah, I
never do
it.
some like,
What
Getting my hair? Like what do you mean my face? What's going on? So so.
Yeah. I'm crazy. You kind of look like Tyler Perry a little bit.
You
said
there's
what?
Please. Yeah. Yeah. I sent a very little bit. Really.
Mm hmm.
Mhm.
Well hi ng.
So me else you want to talk about?
I do.
Well,
I don't
know.
I don't know if this is like everywhere but florida have A. M. C. Do you guys have A M. C. S. In Maryland? They have the $5 Tuesdays. Do they do that offensive? Okay. I've taken advantage of that
the last time I went to the movies Queen and Slim.
I liked it. You know people it's it's mixed reviews. You know, some people like it. Some people don't um I liked it because I felt like even though everybody says it's predictable, it's predictable. Like that's the point. That's the point. Like black people, police brutality, you know what's going to happen at the end, you know? So people are like, ok well it's predictable. You know? They thought sorry, do you plan on watching
it?
Okay. So people thought they were gonna make it at the end and they're not gonna make it at the end. So I think
people
are like
people
about
that
now because they were literally like about to get away. So it was like seconds from getting away. So people were like super disappointed with that. Um And they have like scenes where they have scenes where it's like a little little people who they met while they're on the run because there was a lot of people, they came into contact with black people and white people that helped them out to get them to that point at the end. But it shows like little little black kids
who like literally take a gun and like shoot a cop. Like point like, like just showing like just the effects of like what they're doing. So I liked it because it showed the good and the bag. It's like okay, yes, this is a movement. But at the end of the day, we are teaching these kids something. We are teaching them to hate a group of particular people at the end of the day, like that's not, we don't want people to hate. Well at least for me with this whole movement where we shouldn't be teaching. Hey, we just, you know, you want to be treated fairly. Um It's a great movie to me. It's, it's to me it's a good movie. It is a little predictable, but it's, I mean they had this, um, along the way they had this white couple who helped them, like they hidden these white couple house, like the police raided their house. This guy had a hideout. He didn't snitch, the wife didn't snitch like a white couple did that, you know? But at the end of the day, it was their own who got them caught up. So it's, I feel like it's a lot like it touches on a lot of stuff, but it goes over people's head. So I think people who didn't like the movie just didn't didn't get it. But it's, I think it's a great movie. I do. I think you should watch it. I recommend you watching it. Yeah.
I have the energy to actually vote to the movies. Yeah.
Yeah. No, we take a lot to take a lot to take a lot of energy when you can just, when it's like one click away, you can
just kind of watch it. Yeah. Player. Mm.
But yeah. So what's the last thing we you seen?
You remember
It was so
you need to do better. My ticket.
there's the latest one right? There is one that
came.
Over the summer. Yeah.
Also a story. Yeah, I've seen it too. I didn't see that one with
four
key.
Yeah. You
did. $5 or you went and paid a real thing.
Okay.
And went. Okay. Good stuff. Good stuff and stuff. Okay. Okay.
Well we've spoken for 25, minutes now.
Yeah. So our
time is done. So we just exit out. It is.
I wouldn't know that.
You see how we know
that. Okay. I don't know. Oh.
okay. Well it was nice meeting
you.
I
didn't get your day.
I need a course.
Cory what yours from?
It
was nice. Video. Cory my name's Cynthiana. Um
Video. I hope you have a great thing. Great
rest
in your great life
I guess. I'm never gonna see. Oh
but it was nice medium.
Thank you. You too.
Bye.