you? Just all right? Mhm. Okay. Just a Yes. Yeah. Testing. I don't know how I know if this works. Mhm. Mhm Hi
sir, Am I too bright? Sorry?
Uh Good. I'm Zoe and
I'm I'm 31 and from Chicago. How about you?
Okay. My dad's name is steve. Yeah.
So how are you doing?
I'm doing good. I'm visiting my parents for thanksgiving. Yeah,
there
in Ohio. Mhm,
Mhm. I'm actually in Ohio now.
I got
here
on very late on friday.
I live in the city of Chicago since late March. I came back because there's a whole coronavirus situation, state of emergency and all that. And I was living in spain for a year and a half as a teaching english assistant. Yeah,
that. Uh and I mean, I was going to come back at the end of the school year anyway, so it's just that Yeah, my plans got advanced by two months. Yeah, So
Um I make candles for a living now, that's fine. It
was just happened.
Yeah. Just like I tried a lot of different traditional things, including software testing and I felt like for the amount of hours I was putting in, I wasn't really getting compensated. So I just tried this scandal thing and it's been working out okay. So far better than the other stuff. So and then um and then the survey stuff that I've been doing is just like a little side thing. How about you? Mhm.
Mhm,
Are they going to school or learning from home
and
Got
it.
Great
challenges.
Yeah.
Congratulations.
Independent.
safer than, sorry.
I
know.
The apartment.
It's,
Yeah. My nephew I think is doing remote learning. I think he was doing remote then like a small classroom setting and now he's got, I think he might be going back to remote again given the situation and I don't know, it's kind of interesting to see like someone, well, he's six to see someone so little and have that like become normalized for them. Like I'm going to choose what masks tour with my outfit for school today or a man remote learning again. Like it's kind of like, you know, it's so strange.
Some
new nickname, The baby Buhner's a gen, x gen z.
Kind of, yeah.
Didn't
go to
graduation.
Uh oh, now like, um, so I walk the dogs sometimes and um, we'll pass by this preschool and they're like little pinwheels, but there's socially distanced skin wheels were just saying how weird that is that. Like they have to line up like that and everything. Yeah.
Hi man.
I went
to
see
when it will officially be declared, who, who won and all that. I think tomorrow is the last day you can officially, Like if you post marked it by November three and they receive it by tomorrow, I think that's the last day for it to count or if people go in person, I guess, right.
They're being hurt really bad.
Thank
you.
Well, didn't the government stopped for like 30 days a while back or not the government, but like a lot of the unnecessary, the ones that weren't the most necessary
I was.
I just remember I was in spain reading about that and I was like, is this the onion? Like it doesn't seem real.
And then I think the onion wrote an article where they're like, yeah, we're running out of things to write about because it's all pretty much happened.
And then um, if you've heard of the show Black Mirror, I guess they said there were a few episodes where things seem to be predicted later on. Okay. Like the social, I don't know, there was an episode on Like every person had a score out of 10 I think based on their social media likability and such and like this one woman like declined to the point where she couldn't travel anymore. And I guess in a way that mirrors like what's happening in china. I don't know like they do like you have to provide them your links and stuff. That's all scary. Yeah.
Two.
Yeah. I was there for a year and a half so I got to experience at least one full school year. Kind of like pre covid I guess how you would say it. So it was nice like I went to different bars, different clubs, made a bunch of different friends from different cultures and I hadn't lived in Madrid before. So it was like, a much very different vibe from when I studied abroad in Barcelona um When I was in college, there are like, two very different cities. Um So I just felt really nice. Like, I felt like a lot more empowered in a way, living life a little bit more on my own terms just because over there, like, in the US, I feel like there's so much pressure to have a certain kind of career or be married or have some kind of thing going on in your life, and when is it going to happen? And they're, they're like, what are you doing? I'm like, yeah, I'm teaching english, I'm a teaching english assistant, and they're like, right on, that's cool. Like, they don't care, like, as long as you are happy and you're sheltered and eating food, like, nobody is going to be like, well, why aren't you doing more kind of thing? And I kept like waiting for the resume police to strike me down because I'm like, I left a traditional career
path
and now I'm in spain and I kept waiting to get struck by lightning and instead I was just sitting in a park on a sunny day and everything was completely fine. I just feel like people more work to enjoy themselves and there's so many more holidays and it's so nice. I wish we had more holidays and nap time's just built into the, into the american schedule. Yeah. I think they have so many fasts and things, concerts, lots of things and just night and day after After that there was like no
one on the street is such a strange contrast, but I'm just glad I got to enjoy like at least one full year and another half year in a way that I had. Yeah.
Okay. You know and like improving my spanish and stuff. Although like when I first got back I struggled with certain idioms. Like I'm trying to think, I don't know, I can't like I like um I said dan, I think I said we don't dance around the bush and I said it
like three times and finally my friend goes right, we don't beat around the bush. It's like it's not even a spanish saying, so I don't know where I got dance from. But clearly so yeah, like with me and my boyfriend it feels like we've been like language exchange partners at first. Like here's some spanish by the way, remind me what this idiot is because I think I'm saying it wrong. Yeah. Or like like I'll go to the cafe and they serve empanadas which are delicious but like when I order it I'll always say like empanadas of mushrooms instead of like mushroom and bananas for example because that's how the order goes in spanish and I'm always self conscious after I do it but I can't stop it from happening, I'm like I guess I'm stuck like this, it's just really funny. Yeah
yeah I went to Germany, so I went to the christmas market or my first year there, sorry, I went to the christmas market in Berlin and I went to cologne, yeah and I went to Vienna and Hull stadt which is like a scenic mountain town, it's very beautiful.
I was only there for one night but the one thing I had to do was go on the huge ferris wheel, do you do you know what I'm talking about?
so
maybe they didn't have it yet?
Mhm.
Mhm.
It
that's very nice.
And
Mhm.
it's like it's worth another visit and it sounds beautiful. I am. And then this let's see the, so this past six months from before March I should say from september to March, I went to Portugal as in Porto um which is very beautiful and And then when my boyfriend visited it was actually in January two months before everything happened so I was really glad he got to see it like kind of the way I got to see it. Yeah, we did a trip like a road trip through southern spain just like different cities that I knew in a couple that I didn't and that in itself is I mean it's not traveling to different country per se but it's just really nice to like get to see a different part of it.
And
it is.
very
different
well and even different languages because they have uh they have the basque country, I haven't been there then they have in Barcelona they speak Catalan and like all the signs are in Catalan like everything like all the train announcements just because they really want to preserve their country after Francisco franco tried to eradicate it which was fairly recent history and then Madrid is like you know more classic like Castilian spanish and then in the south like where it borders Morocco, there's a lot more like the Islamic influence from back during the Moorish conquest. I think your video disappeared.
Uh No, but I can hear you
okay. Uh Should we just continue?
john
well
we can continue. Okay.
well that's good. Yeah maybe I have like means something with my internet um but it's just like so amazing to see like how different that is to like Spain and then more like Morrish conquest back in like the 15th century. Kind of Spain's two very different places. Hello?
Sorry,
I'm so sorry. Yeah, it's it's definitely worth a visit. Oh now I see you, okay. Um Yeah and then it's funny before I started abroad, I'd never been to europe before that it was my first time and when I did that I went to italy Sicily and France. Mhm.
my sister keeps saying like why don't you go somewhere new and like, well I want to go somewhere new, but I also like I know where I like living and being for a while, we're actually going to go to the UK and maybe Morocco um when my school term finished originally, now we have to rain check, but
Ooh.
That's
very cool.
It.
Yeah, I imagine that's plenty of time. I have a friend staying there right now, she is from the U. S. It's living in Spain, but she's she's temporarily living in Iceland now just because um things are a little bit more normal I guess. They're like they don't have to use their masks as much and such just because it's like a more isolated country 1st.
You
got tested before. Yeah, so I think there's probably a few circumstances where you do, but honestly like, it's almost like before, so it's kind of nice like seeing all the pictures she sends me like the of uh they have really called hot baths, am I calling it the right way? Mhm
I'm
blanking out.
have
screens, maybe.
Thank you hot springs, that's, that's what I was thinking. Yeah, and
balkan girls. Mhm,
Two.
my goodness,
it's
perfect. Yeah, I'm so, I haven't been to a hot spring yet, we were going to go in Colorado in august this past august, but there were a bunch of Colorado fires, I don't know if you've heard those. Yeah, that was, yeah.
very
aware.
Yeah, it's so sad because um we had like a nature part of our trip planned and like luckily it was like towards steamboat springs which was luckily the opposite direction of the fire, but even when we were there, like you could still tell that some of the views from the mountain were quite smoky. Uh huh.
Yeah,
I
got this,
my
goodness, that's so
scary.
Good.
son,
I was visiting a friend in Steamboat Springs um there was a few years ago and like I was like what is all that smoke, like it smells so smoky and like the wood in her apartment was like retaining that smoky smell and she's like, yeah, those are the fires from California, and then it's like those are reaching all the way from California to colorado. Are you serious? Like I had no idea that it reached that far. Mhm. Is that I mean to me that seems like like the european equivalent of countries away?
Great.
All
I was
higher up because it wasn't in diaper at all. I'm not sure. Science. Yeah. Uh huh.
I
think we're solid. Yeah.
Little
tiny room suite.
Well, thank
no, when you say
help you.
people you
should. That's
it.
That's
awesome. Yeah, I definitely like this platform. Well, nice talking to you steve, I hope you have a good rest of the week.
Thank you.