road
I nothing yet.
Hi,
I'm Steve and I'm 54 and from the San Francisco Bay area.
Yeah,
I'm doing well. How about yourself?
And
so,
you're going to be traveling to Ohio?
Oh, you're in Ohio
now,
but
I see, but normally live and you live in the city of Chicago or in the Okay.
You're saying prior to coronavirus? Okay.
Right. So are you, are you kind of in limbo right now in terms of what you're doing or were you able to to sort of when you came back from spain, were you able to um kind of just restart what you've been doing here in the States?
That you've you've
so you've had a little bit of a career shift because of the. Okay.
let's say so I probably a little little different stories, so I've been here in the Bay Area for um Probably 25 years um and then and actually grew up kind of out here and then um spent some time away, was actually in the was in the michigan area for a while, but came back here in the late nineties, I work for a tech company and so um you know, just I've got a wife, I've got two girls um and
you know, just just trying to sort of navigate through these crazy times and
they're
they're both learning from home, they're both in high school that they go to different high schools
and
both of their high schools are doing remote learning. Um There's some talk that some
of the
high schools are thinking about going to a hybrid plan in january where you could have the option of. Um
I
think you go to school for anywhere from, I don't know, three or four days. Um but you get, you know, you're you're in kind of a very limited group of individuals or you can choose to continue with the online learning and all of this had kind of started kind of before this big new wave started. So my guess is, you know, depending, I mean, if things kind of continue over the next couple months as they are, you know, just with, you know, kind of compounded with the flu season and just all the challenges, you know, my guess is those hybrid plans maybe, you know, maybe delayed a little bit wronger or they may get to a point where they just say, you know, it's at this
point, let's just finish the school year out, remote learning, lets, you know, focus on making sure that everybody's, you know, everybody's gotten the right vaccinations and let's come back to the school in the fall and just, you know, focus on on that. Which would probably be my preference. I don't know. I'm just
Yeah, I just think that that, you know, there's just I
have not,
I have not, you know, knock on wood. I've not gotten the virus, I don't want the virus. I I think there's still a lot of unknowns about it. You know, just in terms of some of the long term risks and just, you know, the thought of, you know, my kids,
you know, being in two very different groups, both, you know, coming back home every night. It just seems like
that's just kind of a recipe for that to uh to really just, you know, turn into a very bad situation.
No, I mean, it's I definitely believe that there will be a generation, you know, of students that have gone through this online learning experience that will sort of, you know, well it will sort of group them as a generation. I mean they'll get some, you know, whatever
the
the pandemics,
Some something like that. But there will be that, you know, that common bond, whether you're in, you know, whether you're in third grade or whether you're in 12th grade of, you know, that we all went through this
online
learning
experience and oh no, go ahead.
Right.
Yeah. No, it's gonna be a it's gonna be a tough, I mean, you know, just just with everything going on right now, you know, just with Covid and and just the kind of the chaos right now and you know, Washington and the election, I mean it's just gonna be kinda crazy
I think
over
the.
Well, I think, I think the thing though that that you know, I find kind of frustrating is you know, as we talk about all this, you know, kind of what what we should be trying to do kind of during the pandemic and trying to get to a kind of an approach and a strategy that will minimize, you know, the impact as much on the U. S. And you know, thinking about some of the stimulus packages that you know, people that have, you know, like like yourself, you know, have been impacted. You know, you can't do your line of work and you've had, you know, you've had to move into other options or you know, people that work in hospitality or restaurants that are just you know, being being hurt terribly by this.
it would be good to have that, you know, that alignment in Washington
that says, okay,
you've got the new administration coming in, let's sit down, let's start planning that transition. But you know, right now, because of the refusal to do that, it's going to make, its going to make that whole transition five times harder than it needs to be. And unfortunately, I mean, you know, that just ends up impacting all of us as citizens, you know, regardless of what, you know, what side of the aisle you sit on. You know, the fact that the fact that they're not, you know, at least, um committing to the transition. I mean, that's just, you know, that's just like saying, okay, we're just going to grind everything to a halt and, you know.
Yeah. There's
been a couple, yeah, there's been a couple of government shutdowns over the years. Um and you know, when the government shuts down, I mean, there's there is still essential services, so it's not like everything shuts down, but, you know you can't go visit the national parks because the park rangers are on furlough and um you know and then eventually the politicians figure out how to you know how to fund the government and then at that point you know the government you know, picks back up to how it normally operates and we get back to business as usual.
But
yeah. Yeah. You know the onion I think it's foreshadowed a lot of the you know I think things that you think yes would would only be in the onion, you know five years later come true.
So so how long were you in Spain England
when you were teaching?
Mr
Spirit.
I mean.
No that's a that's a fantastic experience I have, I mean I've had a chance to travel, let's say pretty frequently, but I've you know, probably the longest I've ever been anywhere was maybe three weeks, you know, so being somewhere for, you know, as long as you were and just you know, really getting to immerse yourself in the culture and you know, kind of interact with the, you know, the local people and I mean that's a that's a fantastic experience.
What?
So did you get a chance to then travel through other parts of europe while you were over there? Like kind of weaken trips or?
I've uh I've been to Vienna, I was in Vienna for four days and I mean that was an amazing city, I I loved it.
I so when I was there it was 1997. So I'm
not,
and and we weren't and I'm not I'm not really sure
where we were staying kind of, we were, hey, You know, and after 20 plus years to sometimes you're trying to and then I remember we we did, yeah,
there's like that kind of tourist part of Vienna that we went
to a couple of times. And I remember we weren't that far away from it, but I don't remember being in a in sort of like a modern part where there was like a fair and square. We were, we tended to be more where it was, you know, very traditional. It was a lot of the Canada
classic Vienna. Um but yeah, I mean it was just, you know, the part the part I saw, you know, four days was just
was just very very, I mean it just you just um
it really it was striking was probably just
a different part of it, yeah. Yeah. I mean I had kind of on the same trip we then went we were in France for about eight days and we spent the first couple of days in paris but then kind of same
thing, we got in a car and we basically drove down to the southern part of France, down to two Leone and I mean it was you know it's like two different countries you know between kinda how people
interacted with you in paris versus how they interacted with you and leon. And then we went up then we went up to the city of strasbourg which kind of sits on the border between France and Germany and you know same thing that was kind of another you know just completely different experience and you know technically you were in the same country but it all felt very different and I could, you know I have not been to spain but I can imagine that it's just like you described its you know between Madrid and you know as you get out into different parts of the country, it just becomes
very
different.
johnny sinister.
I can, I can see fine.
yeah we've only got a few more minutes I mean
yeah I can I can see
fine on my end,
I can see my my little picture in a picture of myself.
Yeah, I can, I can still hear you,
no problem.
so you if you've covered a lot, a lot of different places.
Right, right. We um couple years ago through my oldest daughter's high school, our whole family when as part of a kind of a travel group to Iceland and
that was fun.
We
really
really enjoyed that. We were there about 10 days or so and uh Got to got to see a lot of Iceland in 10 days.
They've been able
to
I'm trying to move
the exact
right but there yeah I mean they're basically you know their
heat
hot springs. Yeah.
Well
went to one of the hot springs and they're
literally was a snowstorm going on. So we're in the hot springs you know below our neck you know it's just we're warm and you know I mean it's the it's the most perfect temperature you could want and then of course you know our from our neck above you know there's this you know blinding snowstorm going on and you know you're just kind of wiping the snowflakes from your eyes and
but the rest of your body is like this is
perfect.
yeah, we and we obviously had our California fires were very
kind of sensitive
to the fires. Yeah.
yep.
No the fires are pretty, pretty devastating and we've we've had in California just, I mean you know we had probably two weeks where literally every day you'd walk outside and you know there would be I mean you could smell the smoke from the fires that were You know, maybe 100 miles
away, 150
miles away. And we had one day where the smoke was basically so thick that it changed basically the color of the sky. So the whole day it was like orange, it was sort of that apocalyptic orange, you know
what
and
yeah, I mean, no it was it was bizarre and
it was just nobody had ever seen anything like it and it lasted that way the whole day. Just because of the way the you know the ash and all the you know the way it was sort of blocking out the
you know the sun and yeah it was it was pretty pretty scary.
Yeah. I mean I'd be surprised if it was from I mean I know there was smoke from the California fires that travel
but you know I'm not I don't know
it could be maybe because of the elevation of steamboat springs maybe maybe
they.
So all right. Well I think I think we have done
our
we're solid. We in fact maybe we won't even get a little bonus
for
right for the extra minutes.
you done one of these before?
So they'll
Yeah I've done a few of them and they're really good. You're usually paid within some sometimes sometimes it's like you'll be paid by tonight.
Sometimes
they'll pay but
definitely within 24 hours. So. No it's it's a good it's a good study to be in. And uh
they
Alright. You too Zoe. Nice meeting you and good luck and enjoy thanksgiving with your parents.