SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You hear me? Okay? Sorry,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, No, in form.
SPEAKER_R: you situate myself. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Good hearing you.
SPEAKER_R: I'm good Teresa.
SPEAKER_L: I went from us and Oregon.
SPEAKER_R: I'm in California, L. A. I would just ask that because like is this your first one?
SPEAKER_L: Uh no, this is like my fourth I think.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Last time was married. First time meeting someone from like the same city from like L. A. Too. Usually they're like far and stuff like midwest or solid and some things our own compression, my hair,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that's fine.
SPEAKER_R: address. I have like a midterm this week. I have yeah, friday.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. So what was that?
SPEAKER_R: Are you, what is your
SPEAKER_L: Oh, okay. So you're in college right now?
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: about,
SPEAKER_L: are you studying?
SPEAKER_R: what am I studying? I'm studying molecular bio and global health.
SPEAKER_L: Nice. That sounds like a lot of work.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's really interesting. I like to a global health because I molecular bio is just like a lot of facts and just like actually it's a lot of research based stuff. So like I just wanted something that like applicable to the community in terms of like, okay, I see that impact.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that makes sense. Mm hmm. Um So you, how many years do you have left?
SPEAKER_R: And then my last year, right this year, if all goes well, I graduate this year. So this year I'll see what
SPEAKER_L: Has it been tricky with everything being online? I'm assuming you're everything's
SPEAKER_R: it is.
SPEAKER_L: online,
SPEAKER_R: Tricky. It is like this quarter has actually been like one of the hardest starts and it's like I'm only
SPEAKER_L: Girl.
SPEAKER_R: my third weekend to school because we started sometime. We started in october. Actually usually like the first week is like pretty chill. But this week like everything just dived right in the professor, like being more very diving professor this quarter like the average of the coils was like a. D. And she was like okay well the test was designed to be really simple so but it's like she's not named to the kids, kids don't know them. What part of organ are you from?
SPEAKER_L: Um in near Eugene, I went to you. Oh, um that's where I went to college.
SPEAKER_R: How do you like that?
SPEAKER_L: Um It was nice. So I studied music education. They have a really good program there. Yeah, so I teach elementary school now.
SPEAKER_R: how cool. Mr. Teacher, what what grades do you teach?
SPEAKER_L: Can you teach music? So it's kindergarten through 5th grade? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: And you have to teach online to write or did you get? I was like
SPEAKER_L: we're online it's uh an interesting, it's really hard for the younger students to do it, so and with music it's all um asynchronous, so I'm just kind of recording or making lessons and they do them on their own rather than being in life meetings with them. So it's been interesting. Uh It's hard for them because they're bad, it just following directions in general and kind of figuring things out. So it's been very difficult and I think really hard for them to but yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But I can't imagine. Um It must be really tough to navigate right now because of like everything. I know my sister, she's a teacher for 1/5 grade. It has to do her district. They do like some of the kids are in class, but she's also teaching on the computer at the same time. So she's like addressing both people or like both groups. And yeah, honestly like you teachers are getting enough recognition for all of this like.
SPEAKER_L: it's definitely challenging and it's it's because it's really hard for the parents to trying to balance work and helping their kids learning everything, but then they get angry at us, the teachers even though the teachers not the ones making the decisions, are doing all this, we're just kind of doing the best we can. So it's kind of it's hard being in the middle of all that. Um
SPEAKER_R: And I feel like um you deal with such a big range of kids like kindergarten to fifth grade like erin at each
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: stage are like, like they can do that kindergarten parents, they must like hover over more. They must ask more questions or something.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, yeah, and it's tricky because so I'm using for my music lessons, I use a platform called seesaw, so it's kind of like, it's almost like, I don't know if your sister uses that, but it's sort of like a social media almost thing where just like each kid has their own sort of portfolio and the parents can see their own kids stuff. Um and all that, and it's so basic and like posting activity and then they can respond with like a recording or video, or they can draw a picture, like do all these different responses. Um but every teacher kind of uses differently and has taught their kids how to do different things. So like, I can record a video to show to them, or I can rip your just like an audio that goes over the lesson, or I can do like captions under it. And so each teacher uses it differently, especially for each grade level. And so I'm trying to make all these different lessons and then I have to learn how each kid knows how to use this platform, and I have to differentiate for like every single grade level in class and it's really challenging.
SPEAKER_R: That is Oh my gosh. I can't imagine. That's literally like triple the work for you. Oh my.
SPEAKER_L: I mean at the same time, all I'm doing is a couple of lessons for big resident teaching them all day, so it's a bit of a balance. Um So yeah, there's parts that are harder for your parts that are easier than the same for classroom teachers.
SPEAKER_R: Um What made you want to go into music education?
SPEAKER_L: Um So again, I did music all through middle school and high school. And then when I uh
SPEAKER_R: What did you play?
SPEAKER_L: saxophone was my main instrument. No. Oh
SPEAKER_R: Oh, cool.
SPEAKER_L: yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Violence. So But like I always
SPEAKER_L: All
SPEAKER_R: do sound of like saxophone. I played by like my older siblings play violin. So like already had my island at home, so I don't really get to choose. But yeah, the sacks. One thing I was like, if I was ever in band sex when I do
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's pretty cool. Um Yeah, I played that through middle school and high school, and then in college at first I was undeclared because I don't really know what I wanted to do. Um So after my first year, I kind of decided I wanted to do music, but I didn't know when you do music pick electing the performance or education or music technology or something. Um So I just kind of went with education because I didn't really want to do performance and I'd always kind of thought about teaching, so music education and the kind of the longer I stayed in the program, the more I liked it. Um And originally I wanted to do like the middle school or high school level um teaching band. Um But I decided to go into elementary because the middle school and high school it's kind of your more going towards teaching the kids that really are involved in music and want to go on
SPEAKER_R: The
SPEAKER_L: and keep
SPEAKER_R: the
SPEAKER_L: doing music and stuff. Huh?
SPEAKER_R: like you're teaching them theory and things like that.
SPEAKER_L: And like um I teach some theory, like really basic theory, but it's just um it's really focused on more like the kids, like they say like talent talented kids, which I don't really believe in that concept. It's more like how much kids work for it. But you know, the kids who are really a lot more into it. But with elementary school I'm teaching every single kid regardless of their ability or um how much they want to do music and stuff. So I think that's kind of why I wanted to go into elementary because I'm teaching every kid and I get to teach them all kinds of things instead of just, I mean in band it's really stuck to like classical music teaching these songs and teaching how to play it. But um john music, I can teach them all kinds of things about music. So it's really cool. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's really nice. My movement. My freshman year, she was a music performance major. She would her hours of like, she'd have to practice every single and music is top. It's like if you don't practice for like two days, you're just like, you feel like you lost
SPEAKER_L: Because
SPEAKER_R: a week or something like that. Like my school was really bad at providing pianos like storms. So she would have to walk all the way to campus, which is already booked and she wouldn't get back into like 10 PM every night. She's like walking, have so much work. But yeah, I I have a couple friends and music education to like, it's, it's fascinating. Like, I think they were just inspired by our middle school teacher and like what others. But yeah, because in my district, you didn't, we didn't have to go into an instrument until like middle school. Actually, elementary school was more like, um, recorders or like basic stuff. Um, but yeah, we don't really pick up an instrumental like 6th grade. Yeah. Oh,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I thought it was um at my, when I was in elementary school and then at the elementary school I teach at, we have 1/5 grade orchestra, but for the most part it's kind of general music. So I teach a lot of percussion and and just singing and movement and lots of other things. I'm trying to get into teaching social emotional learning with music this year, which has
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: been really cool. Huh?
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: So it's um social emotional learning. It's kind of a big thing in elementary school, like it's gone bigger recently in elementary school and it's um mostly about teaching kids, you know, one emotions are how to deal with your emotions, how to um deal with conflict with other people, so kind of like learning all of that stuff. Um.
SPEAKER_R: I want to sort of like progressive because it's not something that was like, that was even have shown when I was in middle school and I was learning. So
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah, no, it's something it's definitely very new, but it's getting bigger and bigger in elementary schools I think, especially in elementary schools that have behavior problems because it's just sort of another thing that parents don't teach as well anymore and so it's kind of now become the schools the role to teach all of that and it's sort of like slowly been integrated I think, I don't think. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: It's, there's our teachers are like having to take care of kids more than what they signed up for because some of them if anything, but then also like more power is giving is being given to the parents. Like the schools have to listen to the parents so much because be seen as like a wrong move or something.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yes. Oh it's all pretty crazy. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: No, I'm pretty glad that as a music teacher, I don't very often have to deal with parents right now. Um It's really nice that I get to just kind of teach the kids and then don't have to worry about what their parents think and all that, where, because
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: how um are you still able to get to know your students and stuff?
SPEAKER_L: um, without being online, not really because I don't really get much. Um I don't get any lifetime, like I can never join a google meat or anything with them. I can sometimes come to their meetings with their teacher, but it's never, I don't really get to teach them in a live setting at all. Um so really all I get to do is create these videos or activities for them to do and then they record something, so sometimes I feel like little videos of them. Um and I can kind of give them comments on their responses and stuff. I don't really get to interact with them, so it's kind of challenging, especially since this is only my second year at the school, so last year was my first year just meeting the students, so it's it's a pretty challenging trying to do it all about having much of relationships with students.
SPEAKER_R: Is it your first, was is this your second your teaching overall? Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: okay,
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: citing congratulate from this new position that it's in two years. But I feel like that stuff, you know?
SPEAKER_L: yeah, no, so I got this job right after I graduated, which is nice, um and actually it's really like the school that I met um and it's, I mean it's challenging as far as behaviors because it's um it's a title school, so a lot of the kids are, you know, families don't have money for stuff and so the kids really, a lot of their needs just aren't met, which makes it really challenging for them to learn and they have a lot of behavior problems and that stuff. Um So it's it's pretty tricky as hard as that and it means that I don't focus so much on more like academic music stuff, so I'm not teaching, I mean I teach them how to play instruments and stuff but I've spent a lot of time teaching like social emotional stuff and routines and um
SPEAKER_R: I was it's so um so nice that you're implementing, what is it called? Social?
SPEAKER_L: social emotional learning.
SPEAKER_R: Social emotional. Okay. Yeah. And I see that you're implementing like social emotional things because I feel like because you're working out a title at a school, like the students have to deal with a lot more situations like within their household and stuff and they usually don't have other people to turn to. So it's nice. I'm going to school and they're able to or they're like, even if it's online, there's not able to like figure all this out.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah that's one of the reasons I kind of wanted to get into that a lot more and I've been reading about it a lot. Um So I've been doing like I have them do mindfulness activities each week to like one kind of short one. Um Yeah I don't know there's a lot of kids that just don't do much of the music stuff right now because they're also they have so much to do and activities or assignments and stuff so but
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I'm trying to do something.
SPEAKER_R: being mindful of that literally like, so right now is not mindful of it. Just like, she's literally like um oh I know that like um like things are rough right now, but you guys have a lot of time to do it. And it's like, dude, some kids are still working like full time, we're still classes. Like is so tough and she's not she's not giving us slap. But I mean sir, it's just like her the things she tests on is rough and she's just like zooming through the lectures because she's like, I need to get the material taught so like you have to keep up in that sense. But yeah, it's like, like me, I'm so, I'm literally working
SPEAKER_L: But.
SPEAKER_R: so many hours a week and
SPEAKER_L: great, that's
SPEAKER_R: this stuff,
SPEAKER_L: works. Yeah I wonder if I have any sort of because really, I think dresses need to just like relax a little bit and you're just not going to teach as much as here and that's fine. Um but I wonder if they have any sort of like regulations that they're being forced to follow or anything, you're being told that they have to cover all the same material or something, I don't know.
SPEAKER_R: I want to say and once they know actually because it's like continuous, but they are like professors usually don't expect you to know prior things to it because there's other students in the major that come into the class who at one class and as far as I'm concerned, I'm thinking because I recently joined student government that works faculty and stuff. And there's been a lot of like legislation is being passed to consider like being more lenient, being more just like, um, their teachings and seven, making sure there doing a lot of things to be mindful of the students. I don't,
SPEAKER_L: mhm Yeah, I mean I may
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: assumption,
SPEAKER_R: the professor, whether it like this each more
SPEAKER_L: that's what I would assume. I mean that's what makes sense that they're the ones taking what to teach and everything, so I don't know, it just seems a little bit ridiculous that they're trying to push, they'll push so much and there's just so much going on right now. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: But it's okay. As long as just kind of, sorry, I look ridiculous right now. Yes, we've got nine more weeks up there for eight more, 7, seven more weeks with her. So it's not too bad. That's like two months.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, it's always a nice thing about college is you have that one term with that professor and then you're going to be done. We're really took that class. Yes.
SPEAKER_R: Is you chose football teams still good?
SPEAKER_L: I don't, no, I don't. I mean, I used to be in marching band so I did kind of follow it a little bit, but I don't, I don't follow it much anymore. Um, I think they, because they, there was that one year when we went to the national championships and then after that year we kind of went to shit. Um, and then I feel like it's like very slowly getting a little bit better and better each year. Um, so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: I don't know how they're playing this year. Last year.
SPEAKER_R: wow. No, I'm
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: like, wow, that you are on the marching band team. I feel like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: I always enjoy watching the marching band over the football team.
SPEAKER_L: really, I never liked it very much. I mean I was, I was in it for three years and then I left the marching and I started working for them, which is really great because I still got to go to the games and going like the trips and everything and I got paid for it, but I didn't have to do in the rehearsals and stuff. So that was
SPEAKER_R: Other rehearsals, but I used to always walk past and like see them working all the time.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, we did. It was nine hours a week, so it was three hours monday Wednesday friday I think. Um From marching band.
SPEAKER_R: That's old job.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. And then, and then in addition we would have us on a game day. We don't just like show up at the game and play it. We show up like three or four hours before the game and rehearse, then two and then we're there the entire day. So it's like 12 hours on game days that were at the stadium and everything. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: thanks so so much. Yeah, that's that's crazy, etcetera
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I've heard that like most marching ants are still functioning this year and you owe is still over hissing this year, which just seems kind of crazy to me. Like I don't know why.
SPEAKER_R: into in person or
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Like they're rehearsing in person and doing marching wind, which because
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: I okay,
SPEAKER_R: Oh, because there's not even football games going on.
SPEAKER_L: I think they are doing football at least, you know. Um But I think,
SPEAKER_R: I feel
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: they do
SPEAKER_R: you,
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: Oh, I'm not sure. I feel like you isn't because you chose in the same league as a well, I don't know that. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I could be wrong about football, but I know
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: that the Marchment
SPEAKER_R: you are probably right. Because I don't know. I feel like because I don't know too much about Oregon, but like California has been really strict with everything because it our covid levels are super high, especially in Okay.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, ours are quite a bit lower. Um They've been going up recently, but they're still not terrible. Um So yeah, I think, I know at least the marching band is rehearsing which just seems crazy because it's such an unnecessary thing. I mean it's fun for the people to do it, but it's just so unnecessary right now. And what's they're going to perform for an empty stadium I guess. I don't know. Like I don't know what the point is. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's crazy. Isn't, isn't the because you set the music education program is really good there, right? That's probably a part of the culture. Like a big part of the culture.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. It's the march man is actually really separated from the school of music. It's more it's closer like athletics and stuff because all of the funding for the marching band comes from athletics. Um And there's kind of most of the faculty and the music school hate the marching band. Um And most of them watching people aren't music majors. Um
SPEAKER_R: Do this get paid to be in marching band at all?
SPEAKER_L: mm not for Marchment there's two like smaller bands that you can audition into that are sort of part of the marching band and we play like extra gigs. Um And that one gets more um gets like a 63 $100 scholarship here and the other one gets $1200. Um Which is a good amount of money but it's also not worth the amount
SPEAKER_R: I feel like it's still,
SPEAKER_L: it's so not worth the amount
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: of time that we have to put in.
SPEAKER_R: I feel like it's just a small incentive because even in student government right now and yes, I want to wear them. Yes, I'm doing sorry. Um Yeah, even for student government get paid but it's like really love, it's like I think it's like It's probably like less than $20 a week and I work so it's just a student labor. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: you go if you like calculate all the hours for marching band and the garter band which is a smaller one and everything that you have to do it, you're getting paid less than a minimum wage job as far as like all the hours that you have to put into it because there's nine
SPEAKER_R: Girl.
SPEAKER_L: hours from marching because you have to be marching and if you're in this other 19 hours for that, then another three hours a week for the specific band and then the 12 hour gigs on the weekends. And then yeah basketball band rehearsal that we have to do, we have to go to all the basketball games and we have extra gigs you have to, so it's so much time out of your schedule and you get paid for how much I'm doing and get paid very little. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that is crazy. So in Oregon radios everything shut down again or are you guys able to go out?
SPEAKER_L: It's still pretty open here. Um I think the only restrictions were just not supposed to have large gatherings and then if we are around other people were supposed to wear a mask of course and stay six ft apart. But then that there's not really many restrictions.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I think everything is opening up back here too. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and it's kind of weird at the at you. Oh there they have a requirement that freshmen have to stay in the dorms. Um They decided to enforce that this year too. Yeah and so a lot of people are really upset about it because like they don't want to live in the dorms right now but they have to martin
SPEAKER_R: so um my campus, it's like a ghost town on,
SPEAKER_L: there are
SPEAKER_R: it's literally a ghost town because my job I have to go onto campus and they gave everyone singles in the building like on in the dorms so they they shut off all the buildings that have communal restrooms are closed, so it's always with like private restrooms um that are open and then everyone gets um like a single, so they literally went from probably like 30,000. Is that a good approximation? 1000
SPEAKER_L: rational it's been told
SPEAKER_R: three. No. Yeah that's way too many kids actually. I don't know, they reduced the there's only like 10% of, there's only probably like 1000 kids on campus right now. Crazy because um I have to like wander around to make sure everything's like safe and stuff. It's like a ghost town. It'll be like nothing. No one's around.
SPEAKER_L: Right. That's crazy. Yeah the last time I went on campus there's so many people moving into the dorms and everything and it's just.
SPEAKER_R: Wait so you live near you? Oh no.
SPEAKER_L: Um I used to um I my sister and my parents on a house near campus and I was staying there for a little bit. Um No I know, so I don't live near there anymore.
SPEAKER_R: what are you from Oregon to um
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I grew up in in Oregon.
SPEAKER_R: clock? Cool. Do you like,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah in Oregon, yeah it's really pretty over here so it's nice just kind of go outside um
SPEAKER_R: the nature, my cousin just moved up there. Yeah we're gonna go visit him and we're like yeah nature trees, something we do down here.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, no it's it's really nice up here, I know that people are generally pretty nice and more democrats and liberals and stuff which is nice to not have to be around different things.
SPEAKER_R: Oh I don't know. I always forget to because I'm in I'm in L. A. And I grew up in, I grew up like two hours away so really um liberal here Too.
SPEAKER_L: Alright. Yeah, it almost kind of feels like we're in a little bubble like
SPEAKER_R: Know what,
SPEAKER_L: all of the mm.
SPEAKER_R: it feels, it feels like such a bubble cause I just hear about other things. I'm just like, uh huh or even people on campus that um, are more cab more conservative views. It's like crazy. I'm like, you exist, wow,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah
SPEAKER_R: you're openly
SPEAKER_L: it's weird.
SPEAKER_R: talking about it here,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, it's just not something you see very often over here.
SPEAKER_R: wow. Yeah, that's always good to hear, but uh huh. Mm.
SPEAKER_L: well I think we're at 25 minutes.
SPEAKER_R: Is that, Yeah. Also, um, sorry for coming a little late.
SPEAKER_L: No that's fine. Oh yeah I guess that's behind
SPEAKER_R: I think, yeah, overall is like really nice talk to you and it was nice to hear about the, the show. I feel it was called the emotional learning
SPEAKER_L: Social
SPEAKER_R: Music.
SPEAKER_L: emotional learning. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: that's really cool.
SPEAKER_L: it's really cool.
SPEAKER_R: Anyways. Um, but yeah, I hope you have a
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: good day,
SPEAKER_L: you too