Yeah, No, in form.
Good hearing you.
I went from us and Oregon.
Uh no, this is like my fourth I think.
Yeah, that's fine.
Yeah. Yeah. So what was that?
Oh, okay. So you're in college right now?
What
are you studying?
Nice. That sounds like a lot of work.
Yeah, that makes sense. Mm hmm. Um So you, how many years do you have left?
Has it been tricky with everything being online? I'm assuming you're everything's
online,
Girl.
Um in near Eugene, I went to you. Oh, um that's where I went to college.
Um It was nice. So I studied music education. They have a really good program there. Yeah, so I teach elementary school now.
Can you teach music? So it's kindergarten through 5th grade? Yeah.
we're online it's uh an interesting, it's really hard for the younger students to do it, so and with music it's all um asynchronous, so I'm just kind of recording or making lessons and they do them on their own rather than being in life meetings with them. So it's been interesting. Uh It's hard for them because they're bad, it just following directions in general and kind of figuring things out. So it's been very difficult and I think really hard for them to but yeah.
it's definitely challenging and it's it's because it's really hard for the parents to trying to balance work and helping their kids learning everything, but then they get angry at us, the teachers even though the teachers not the ones making the decisions, are doing all this, we're just kind of doing the best we can. So it's kind of it's hard being in the middle of all that. Um
but
yeah, yeah, and it's tricky because so I'm using for my music lessons, I use a platform called seesaw, so it's kind of like, it's almost like, I don't know if your sister uses that, but it's sort of like a social media almost thing where just like each kid has their own sort of portfolio and the parents can see their own kids stuff. Um and all that, and it's so basic and like posting activity and then they can respond with like a recording or video, or they can draw a picture, like do all these different responses. Um but every teacher kind of uses differently and has taught their kids how to do different things. So like, I can record a video to show to them, or I can rip your just like an audio that goes over the lesson, or I can do like captions under it. And so each teacher uses it differently, especially for each grade level. And so I'm trying to make all these different lessons and then I have to learn how each kid knows how to use this platform, and I have to differentiate for like every single grade level in class and it's really challenging.
I mean at the same time, all I'm doing is a couple of lessons for big resident teaching them all day, so it's a bit of a balance. Um So yeah, there's parts that are harder for your parts that are easier than the same for classroom teachers.
Um So again, I did music all through middle school and high school. And then when I uh
saxophone was my main instrument. No. Oh
yeah.
All
Yeah, it's pretty cool. Um Yeah, I played that through middle school and high school, and then in college at first I was undeclared because I don't really know what I wanted to do. Um So after my first year, I kind of decided I wanted to do music, but I didn't know when you do music pick electing the performance or education or music technology or something. Um So I just kind of went with education because I didn't really want to do performance and I'd always kind of thought about teaching, so music education and the kind of the longer I stayed in the program, the more I liked it. Um And originally I wanted to do like the middle school or high school level um teaching band. Um But I decided to go into elementary because the middle school and high school it's kind of your more going towards teaching the kids that really are involved in music and want to go on
and keep
doing music and stuff. Huh?
And like um I teach some theory, like really basic theory, but it's just um it's really focused on more like the kids, like they say like talent talented kids, which I don't really believe in that concept. It's more like how much kids work for it. But you know, the kids who are really a lot more into it. But with elementary school I'm teaching every single kid regardless of their ability or um how much they want to do music and stuff. So I think that's kind of why I wanted to go into elementary because I'm teaching every kid and I get to teach them all kinds of things instead of just, I mean in band it's really stuck to like classical music teaching these songs and teaching how to play it. But um john music, I can teach them all kinds of things about music. So it's really cool. Yeah.
Because
Yeah, I thought it was um at my, when I was in elementary school and then at the elementary school I teach at, we have 1/5 grade orchestra, but for the most part it's kind of general music. So I teach a lot of percussion and and just singing and movement and lots of other things. I'm trying to get into teaching social emotional learning with music this year, which has
been really cool. Huh?
So it's um social emotional learning. It's kind of a big thing in elementary school, like it's gone bigger recently in elementary school and it's um mostly about teaching kids, you know, one emotions are how to deal with your emotions, how to um deal with conflict with other people, so kind of like learning all of that stuff. Um.
Right. Yeah, no, it's something it's definitely very new, but it's getting bigger and bigger in elementary schools I think, especially in elementary schools that have behavior problems because it's just sort of another thing that parents don't teach as well anymore and so it's kind of now become the schools the role to teach all of that and it's sort of like slowly been integrated I think, I don't think. Yeah.
Right. Yes. Oh it's all pretty crazy. Uh huh. Yeah.
No, I'm pretty glad that as a music teacher, I don't very often have to deal with parents right now. Um It's really nice that I get to just kind of teach the kids and then don't have to worry about what their parents think and all that, where, because
that's
um, without being online, not really because I don't really get much. Um I don't get any lifetime, like I can never join a google meat or anything with them. I can sometimes come to their meetings with their teacher, but it's never, I don't really get to teach them in a live setting at all. Um so really all I get to do is create these videos or activities for them to do and then they record something, so sometimes I feel like little videos of them. Um and I can kind of give them comments on their responses and stuff. I don't really get to interact with them, so it's kind of challenging, especially since this is only my second year at the school, so last year was my first year just meeting the students, so it's it's a pretty challenging trying to do it all about having much of relationships with students.
Yeah,
I
yeah, no, so I got this job right after I graduated, which is nice, um and actually it's really like the school that I met um and it's, I mean it's challenging as far as behaviors because it's um it's a title school, so a lot of the kids are, you know, families don't have money for stuff and so the kids really, a lot of their needs just aren't met, which makes it really challenging for them to learn and they have a lot of behavior problems and that stuff. Um So it's it's pretty tricky as hard as that and it means that I don't focus so much on more like academic music stuff, so I'm not teaching, I mean I teach them how to play instruments and stuff but I've spent a lot of time teaching like social emotional stuff and routines and um
social emotional learning.
Yeah. Yeah that's one of the reasons I kind of wanted to get into that a lot more and I've been reading about it a lot. Um So I've been doing like I have them do mindfulness activities each week to like one kind of short one. Um Yeah I don't know there's a lot of kids that just don't do much of the music stuff right now because they're also they have so much to do and activities or assignments and stuff so but
I'm trying to do something.
But.
great, that's
works. Yeah I wonder if I have any sort of because really, I think dresses need to just like relax a little bit and you're just not going to teach as much as here and that's fine. Um but I wonder if they have any sort of like regulations that they're being forced to follow or anything, you're being told that they have to cover all the same material or something, I don't know.
mhm Yeah, I mean I may
assumption,
that's what I would assume. I mean that's what makes sense that they're the ones taking what to teach and everything, so I don't know, it just seems a little bit ridiculous that they're trying to push, they'll push so much and there's just so much going on right now. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, it's always a nice thing about college is you have that one term with that professor and then you're going to be done. We're really took that class. Yes.
I don't, no, I don't. I mean, I used to be in marching band so I did kind of follow it a little bit, but I don't, I don't follow it much anymore. Um, I think they, because they, there was that one year when we went to the national championships and then after that year we kind of went to shit. Um, and then I feel like it's like very slowly getting a little bit better and better each year. Um, so
I don't know how they're playing this year. Last year.
What?
I
really, I never liked it very much. I mean I was, I was in it for three years and then I left the marching and I started working for them, which is really great because I still got to go to the games and going like the trips and everything and I got paid for it, but I didn't have to do in the rehearsals and stuff. So that was
Yeah, we did. It was nine hours a week, so it was three hours monday Wednesday friday I think. Um From marching band.
Yeah. And then, and then in addition we would have us on a game day. We don't just like show up at the game and play it. We show up like three or four hours before the game and rehearse, then two and then we're there the entire day. So it's like 12 hours on game days that were at the stadium and everything. Yeah.
Yeah. I've heard that like most marching ants are still functioning this year and you owe is still over hissing this year, which just seems kind of crazy to me. Like I don't know why.
Yeah. Like they're rehearsing in person and doing marching wind, which because
I okay,
I think they are doing football at least, you know. Um But I think,
I mean
they do
it
Yeah, I could be wrong about football, but I know
that the Marchment
Yeah, ours are quite a bit lower. Um They've been going up recently, but they're still not terrible. Um So yeah, I think, I know at least the marching band is rehearsing which just seems crazy because it's such an unnecessary thing. I mean it's fun for the people to do it, but it's just so unnecessary right now. And what's they're going to perform for an empty stadium I guess. I don't know. Like I don't know what the point is. Yeah.
Okay. It's the march man is actually really separated from the school of music. It's more it's closer like athletics and stuff because all of the funding for the marching band comes from athletics. Um And there's kind of most of the faculty and the music school hate the marching band. Um And most of them watching people aren't music majors. Um
mm not for Marchment there's two like smaller bands that you can audition into that are sort of part of the marching band and we play like extra gigs. Um And that one gets more um gets like a 63 $100 scholarship here and the other one gets $1200. Um Which is a good amount of money but it's also not worth the amount
it's so not worth the amount
of time that we have to put in.
you go if you like calculate all the hours for marching band and the garter band which is a smaller one and everything that you have to do it, you're getting paid less than a minimum wage job as far as like all the hours that you have to put into it because there's nine
hours from marching because you have to be marching and if you're in this other 19 hours for that, then another three hours a week for the specific band and then the 12 hour gigs on the weekends. And then yeah basketball band rehearsal that we have to do, we have to go to all the basketball games and we have extra gigs you have to, so it's so much time out of your schedule and you get paid for how much I'm doing and get paid very little. Yeah.
It's still pretty open here. Um I think the only restrictions were just not supposed to have large gatherings and then if we are around other people were supposed to wear a mask of course and stay six ft apart. But then that there's not really many restrictions.
Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah and it's kind of weird at the at you. Oh there they have a requirement that freshmen have to stay in the dorms. Um They decided to enforce that this year too. Yeah and so a lot of people are really upset about it because like they don't want to live in the dorms right now but they have to martin
there are
rational it's been told
Right. That's crazy. Yeah the last time I went on campus there's so many people moving into the dorms and everything and it's just.
Um I used to um I my sister and my parents on a house near campus and I was staying there for a little bit. Um No I know, so I don't live near there anymore.
Yeah, I grew up in in Oregon.
Yeah. Yeah in Oregon, yeah it's really pretty over here so it's nice just kind of go outside um
Yeah, no it's it's really nice up here, I know that people are generally pretty nice and more democrats and liberals and stuff which is nice to not have to be around different things.
Alright. Yeah, it almost kind of feels like we're in a little bubble like
all of the mm.
Yeah
it's weird.
Yeah, it's just not something you see very often over here.
well I think we're at 25 minutes.
No that's fine. Oh yeah I guess that's behind
Social
emotional learning. Yeah.
it's really cool.
No
you too