Yeah. You hear me? Okay? Sorry,
you situate myself. Oh. Mhm. Yeah. Oh, how are you?
I'm good Teresa.
I'm in California, L. A. I would just ask that because like is this your first one?
Yeah. Last time was married. First time meeting someone from like the same city from like L. A. Too. Usually they're like far and stuff like midwest or solid and some things our own compression, my hair,
address. I have like a midterm this week. I have yeah, friday.
Are you, what is your
what
about,
what am I studying? I'm studying molecular bio and global health.
Yeah, it's really interesting. I like to a global health because I molecular bio is just like a lot of facts and just like actually it's a lot of research based stuff. So like I just wanted something that like applicable to the community in terms of like, okay, I see that impact.
And then my last year, right this year, if all goes well, I graduate this year. So this year I'll see what
it is.
Tricky. It is like this quarter has actually been like one of the hardest starts and it's like I'm only
my third weekend to school because we started sometime. We started in october. Actually usually like the first week is like pretty chill. But this week like everything just dived right in the professor, like being more very diving professor this quarter like the average of the coils was like a. D. And she was like okay well the test was designed to be really simple so but it's like she's not named to the kids, kids don't know them. What part of organ are you from?
How do you like that?
how cool. Mr. Teacher, what what grades do you teach?
And you have to teach online to write or did you get? I was like
But I can't imagine. Um It must be really tough to navigate right now because of like everything. I know my sister, she's a teacher for 1/5 grade. It has to do her district. They do like some of the kids are in class, but she's also teaching on the computer at the same time. So she's like addressing both people or like both groups. And yeah, honestly like you teachers are getting enough recognition for all of this like.
And I feel like um you deal with such a big range of kids like kindergarten to fifth grade like erin at each
stage are like, like they can do that kindergarten parents, they must like hover over more. They must ask more questions or something.
That is Oh my gosh. I can't imagine. That's literally like triple the work for you. Oh my.
Um What made you want to go into music education?
What did you play?
Oh, cool.
Violence. So But like I always
do sound of like saxophone. I played by like my older siblings play violin. So like already had my island at home, so I don't really get to choose. But yeah, the sacks. One thing I was like, if I was ever in band sex when I do
The
the
like you're teaching them theory and things like that.
Yeah. That's really nice. My movement. My freshman year, she was a music performance major. She would her hours of like, she'd have to practice every single and music is top. It's like if you don't practice for like two days, you're just like, you feel like you lost
a week or something like that. Like my school was really bad at providing pianos like storms. So she would have to walk all the way to campus, which is already booked and she wouldn't get back into like 10 PM every night. She's like walking, have so much work. But yeah, I I have a couple friends and music education to like, it's, it's fascinating. Like, I think they were just inspired by our middle school teacher and like what others. But yeah, because in my district, you didn't, we didn't have to go into an instrument until like middle school. Actually, elementary school was more like, um, recorders or like basic stuff. Um, but yeah, we don't really pick up an instrumental like 6th grade. Yeah. Oh,
what?
So
I want to sort of like progressive because it's not something that was like, that was even have shown when I was in middle school and I was learning. So
It's, there's our teachers are like having to take care of kids more than what they signed up for because some of them if anything, but then also like more power is giving is being given to the parents. Like the schools have to listen to the parents so much because be seen as like a wrong move or something.
Yeah.
So
how um are you still able to get to know your students and stuff?
Is it your first, was is this your second your teaching overall? Oh
okay,
citing congratulate from this new position that it's in two years. But I feel like that stuff, you know?
I was it's so um so nice that you're implementing, what is it called? Social?
Social emotional. Okay. Yeah. And I see that you're implementing like social emotional things because I feel like because you're working out a title at a school, like the students have to deal with a lot more situations like within their household and stuff and they usually don't have other people to turn to. So it's nice. I'm going to school and they're able to or they're like, even if it's online, there's not able to like figure all this out.
I
being mindful of that literally like, so right now is not mindful of it. Just like, she's literally like um oh I know that like um like things are rough right now, but you guys have a lot of time to do it. And it's like, dude, some kids are still working like full time, we're still classes. Like is so tough and she's not she's not giving us slap. But I mean sir, it's just like her the things she tests on is rough and she's just like zooming through the lectures because she's like, I need to get the material taught so like you have to keep up in that sense. But yeah, it's like, like me, I'm so, I'm literally working
so many hours a week and
this stuff,
I want to say and once they know actually because it's like continuous, but they are like professors usually don't expect you to know prior things to it because there's other students in the major that come into the class who at one class and as far as I'm concerned, I'm thinking because I recently joined student government that works faculty and stuff. And there's been a lot of like legislation is being passed to consider like being more lenient, being more just like, um, their teachings and seven, making sure there doing a lot of things to be mindful of the students. I don't,
it's
the professor, whether it like this each more
But it's okay. As long as just kind of, sorry, I look ridiculous right now. Yes, we've got nine more weeks up there for eight more, 7, seven more weeks with her. So it's not too bad. That's like two months.
Is you chose football teams still good?
Yeah,
wow. No, I'm
like, wow, that you are on the marching band team. I feel like
I always enjoy watching the marching band over the football team.
Other rehearsals, but I used to always walk past and like see them working all the time.
That's old job.
thanks so so much. Yeah, that's that's crazy, etcetera
into in person or
that's
Oh, because there's not even football games going on.
I feel
like
you,
Oh, I'm not sure. I feel like you isn't because you chose in the same league as a well, I don't know that. Yes.
No,
you are probably right. Because I don't know. I feel like because I don't know too much about Oregon, but like California has been really strict with everything because it our covid levels are super high, especially in Okay.
Oh, that's crazy. Isn't, isn't the because you set the music education program is really good there, right? That's probably a part of the culture. Like a big part of the culture.
Do this get paid to be in marching band at all?
I feel like it's still,
it's
I feel like it's just a small incentive because even in student government right now and yes, I want to wear them. Yes, I'm doing sorry. Um Yeah, even for student government get paid but it's like really love, it's like I think it's like It's probably like less than $20 a week and I work so it's just a student labor. Yeah.
Girl.
that is crazy. So in Oregon radios everything shut down again or are you guys able to go out?
Yeah I think everything is opening up back here too. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't know.
so um my campus, it's like a ghost town on,
it's literally a ghost town because my job I have to go onto campus and they gave everyone singles in the building like on in the dorms so they they shut off all the buildings that have communal restrooms are closed, so it's always with like private restrooms um that are open and then everyone gets um like a single, so they literally went from probably like 30,000. Is that a good approximation? 1000
three. No. Yeah that's way too many kids actually. I don't know, they reduced the there's only like 10% of, there's only probably like 1000 kids on campus right now. Crazy because um I have to like wander around to make sure everything's like safe and stuff. It's like a ghost town. It'll be like nothing. No one's around.
Wait so you live near you? Oh no.
what are you from Oregon to um
clock? Cool. Do you like,
the nature, my cousin just moved up there. Yeah we're gonna go visit him and we're like yeah nature trees, something we do down here.
Oh I don't know. I always forget to because I'm in I'm in L. A. And I grew up in, I grew up like two hours away so really um liberal here Too.
Know what,
it feels, it feels like such a bubble cause I just hear about other things. I'm just like, uh huh or even people on campus that um, are more cab more conservative views. It's like crazy. I'm like, you exist, wow,
you're openly
talking about it here,
wow. Yeah, that's always good to hear, but uh huh. Mm.
Is that, Yeah. Also, um, sorry for coming a little late.
I think, yeah, overall is like really nice talk to you and it was nice to hear about the, the show. I feel it was called the emotional learning
Music.
that's really cool.
Anyways. Um, but yeah, I hope you have a
good day,