SPEAKER_L: Oh thank you. To what? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hello? Hi. What point here? You can you hear me? I can't hear you at all.
SPEAKER_R: Oh, let me see. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Can you hear me now?
SPEAKER_L: I still can't. War No wait maybe I can now try again.
SPEAKER_R: You can hear me now? Oh,
SPEAKER_L: works.
SPEAKER_R: weird.
SPEAKER_L: I don't know
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: what happened.
SPEAKER_R: belong.
SPEAKER_L: Weird.
SPEAKER_R: Think I was coming to a bluetooth device. So whatever technology.
SPEAKER_L: You know Well now we live on soon too so I'm sure it's not the first time something seven. what's your name or are we
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: not?
SPEAKER_R: name's Imo
SPEAKER_L: Maybe Emily, I don't know if we're not supposed to say that I'm Jessica. Nice to meet you.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know. I was just reading it and I said do whatever talk about whatever like your meat. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: Mhm. What have you been keeping busy with during quarantine?
SPEAKER_R: Um well, I'm doing my masters of public health right now. And so
SPEAKER_L: Very
SPEAKER_R: it's actually interesting.
SPEAKER_L: helpful.
SPEAKER_R: I know it's really relevant time to do that, but you know, we're all online. So I've been doing that. And then I also work at a um, homeless prevention services nonprofit. Yeah, I'm doing some public health work there. It's interesting like we, we
SPEAKER_L: one.
SPEAKER_R: have a food pantry line that has just been swamped. And so I help
SPEAKER_L: I'm
SPEAKER_R: out with that here
SPEAKER_L: well
SPEAKER_R: in that.
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: That's awesome.
SPEAKER_R: about yourself?
SPEAKER_L: Um I volunteer as a small business mentor. So we have also been really busy so lots of people trying to figure out, you know funding loans, lots of people starting new businesses which is pretty cool to see actually. Um But I've been doing that since july and I'm an accountant so I can work from wherever. So that part wasn't really impacted me too much. But you were you already in an online Master's program before this or did you guys convert?
SPEAKER_R: No, we converted. So I don't know if you're located, but I'm actually, I'm in Nebraska. And so I'm at the University Hospital Medical Center and like as a college of public health and our dean is kind of pretty, pretty big wig with and stuff. And so like, I think, I think because of the nature of what we are, we just really take precautions as seriously as possible. So we have
SPEAKER_L: would hope
SPEAKER_R: lot
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: them,
SPEAKER_R: online classes before, so it hasn't
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: been
SPEAKER_L: know.
SPEAKER_R: a hard transition. And again, I actually
SPEAKER_L: What
SPEAKER_R: kind
SPEAKER_L: about,
SPEAKER_R: of like,
SPEAKER_L: do you guys have lab work to do or? No.
SPEAKER_R: no, no master public health is pretty, yeah, no lab work, so that's good. But I know a lot of the med students at school are like coming in for labs only. So
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I wasn't sure. And I was like thinking a lot about like all my friends that did art degrees and how difficult it would be not having access to like the studios and stuff or how they were working that out. It seemed like maybe not the best return on your investment for
SPEAKER_R: shouldn't
SPEAKER_L: how expensive the education is. Uh
SPEAKER_R: So true. I, I keep feeling like I'm really glad that I'm in the time of life that I am in like graduate school, a degree that can be done online anyway. I got to
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: be really sad if I was, my undergrad experience was messed up like this.
SPEAKER_L: totally,
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: do you feel like you're missing out on networking at all opportunities though are like getting developed to develop like closer relationships with their classmates and professors.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I I think I I miss the associated with my fellow students um As far as the other networking though, I think that I've actually been fortunate because I was able to kind of form those connections my first year because I'm in my second year, second last year
SPEAKER_L: Oh, that's helpful
SPEAKER_R: without
SPEAKER_L: to.
SPEAKER_R: help. Yeah. For
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: those who are just coming in right now, I don't know, it would be so hard. You have to really be extroverted online, so
SPEAKER_L: totally. And like, I think also you just like present differently online sometimes for better or worse. I don't know. It probably varies by prison, but um, I always thought I can study on my own. The value to me in pain for this education is like the connections that I'm going to make here. And so to me it would be like a huge disadvantage if I was like the leader, I was like, you know, in all the clubs and like leadership activities and stuff. So that I would have been really like, I don't know how we would have organized all of our different, right?
SPEAKER_R: Oh, that's that's
SPEAKER_L: Whatever.
SPEAKER_R: been like absolutely, because I'm actually like on our student association and we're trying to do, we can only do them online and so like trying to get engagement. You know, I I actually planned an event as excited about, We had like two students show up, you know, like
SPEAKER_L: that's the word.
SPEAKER_R: I don't know how to.
SPEAKER_L: It's
SPEAKER_R: I mean, I understand
SPEAKER_L: so true.
SPEAKER_R: you've got all kinds of online events, so I get it. If you don't want to show up.
SPEAKER_L: totally. Yeah, that
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: part
SPEAKER_R: where
SPEAKER_L: would be
SPEAKER_R: are you
SPEAKER_L: rough.
SPEAKER_R: located?
SPEAKER_L: Um, I'm like in uh, southeastern Wisconsin, like an hour, like an hour from Chicago? Not too far, but, so have you always lived in Nebraska, or did you move there for school?
SPEAKER_R: Um, I loved around quite a bit. My father was a professor, so actually grew up in North Dakota and then I lived in South Dakota for a while and went back there to do my undergrad. And then my family actually eventually ended up in Lincoln Nebraska. And so, um, that's kind of why I came back here in ST is nice.
SPEAKER_L: got it. Yeah, it is. What about, did you visit the national parks in the Dakotas? Have you been to all? I think there's four total three or four total between the two states.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I don't think I hit all of them, but like this summer. So I went back and I did a trip there and I did back Black Hills.
SPEAKER_L: that's been on my list for a long time. And then I was like, you know, before covid, I was like planning on going doing a road trip of the Dakotas this summer. And then it would just seem like, like I know people were still road tripping or whatever and I could have done it, but it just seemed like a lot of extra hassle and there's people with family to visit and stuff, you know, things like that, where it was like more important for them to go and I felt like I would just be, I don't know in the way or something
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: like not, it wasn't a priority I guess enough anymore, but hopefully next year I'll get to go. Isn't
SPEAKER_R: that's a long road trip to, from Wisconsin. I mean, I lived on the east side of South Dakota and that stills like six hours to get to
SPEAKER_L: Are
SPEAKER_R: black hills. It's a long
SPEAKER_L: my
SPEAKER_R: one.
SPEAKER_L: gosh, no. Yeah, for sure these states are like not as big as texas but like, you know bigger than the East Coast. So um, but I, I think the Dakotas are like two of my last states left to visit. I only have eight states left to go and the
SPEAKER_R: Hello.
SPEAKER_L: Dakota for two of them. So it was like enough of a priority that I was gonna make it happen this year finally. But thanks. No, there's lots of other stuff happening now.
SPEAKER_R: That's the worst thing I've had people say like, what do you miss most about like, you know, Covid? And I keep saying like, well traveling, like everyone talking level when you're young and I'm young and now I'm told not to travel so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, No, I know I luckily I have been on sabbatical and basically traveled full time the last two years and I was like living in Bangkok for the six months, like right before coming back at the end of february for this. So it was like, I feel because I'm a traveler and so it would, I would be going totally maniac if I had not just been traveling for so long, you know, like, I don't
SPEAKER_R: Warm
SPEAKER_L: know
SPEAKER_R: up.
SPEAKER_L: how other people are handling. So the timing I get, you know worked out okay for me, but the first three months it was like, yeah, yeah, super depressive for sure. And
SPEAKER_R: More.
SPEAKER_L: now I feel like especially since I started volunteering in july, um that has made like such a difference for like, okay, whatever. And so, and then
SPEAKER_R: What
SPEAKER_L: like,
SPEAKER_R: do you volunteer for?
SPEAKER_L: um, do you know the organization score? So they're partnered with the S. B. A. So small business administration. So if you go to S. B. A dot gov, like right on the homepage of the government site, it says like, do you need a small business picture for free or like a coach or whatever and go to our partner organization score? So it's like 10,000 of us I think across the country. And so, but it used to always be like in person mentoring, I would have signed up to do it a long time ago but it was like while I was traveling it wouldn't have been possible really. I was like never really in the US and so but now that everything is like converted online, I think they're mostly gonna, I think they're gonna give everybody the option when restrictions lesson like what they're gonna do. But I happily just always stay online and then like zoom with people even when I go back to traveling again. So it's been really cool though. My client super diverse, like set of clients because it's all like Chicago suburbs and stuff and so like pretty diverse area and like totally different industries. So like every project is completely different and it's not consulting because we don't do the work for them. But it's like coaching them how to do the work and like right their business plans and we can bring in extra like secondary or third mentors. It's like they have an expertise area that were not as strong and or something. So it's been like a cool way to like stay engaged like meet people and then somebody today was like, hey you should talk to this other mentor and maybe she has a job for you. And I was just like not really like here to like network for jobs but that's really like sweet of you to think of me and you know like it was just like cute. I was like I guess feel good for networking and all those activities. But
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: I think online has really opened doors that way too. I talked more people, I think that I would have by All
SPEAKER_L: it's been nice in that way like and just seeing like how much it's helping them and I was always a business student. So it's hard for me to like imagine never doing, you know, try to think back to the first time I ever did business research. You know? I'm like, I don't know, I can't even remember that far back. It was like a long time ago. And so when people don't know how to start, like how do you market research and I'm just like oh I just assume everybody especially like growing up on the internet, it's like it couldn't be easier to research these days, you know? So it's like still wild to me when people have no research experience or don't know how to begin. That's
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: been like the biggest takeaway I think so far.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, Yeah. No, I'm actually like an applied research methods course right now. I'm learning so much like honestly until this course, I really felt like research was kind of unattainable. Like it's just you want to. Yeah, I think it's like, I think people get scared because when you're reading research articles, you see a lot of the statistical, um just jargon and you get really scarcity, like a, I don't know what to do this and be, I don't know if I can you interpret this and at least for me, um obviously, you know some about research for like quantitative
SPEAKER_L: I mean
SPEAKER_R: versus qualitative data learning more about cultivated. I'm like, okay, like I could do that and yeah, I don't know. It's been good
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: and that's
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: what,
SPEAKER_L: to write a good survey question or something like that. Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Just like exploring the types of research that you can do that. There's
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: that are like fun. I mean teach their own what's fun. But I know at least a lot of my discipline with public health gets scared away statistical analyses. So, you know, being focus groups and compiling that is a lot more interesting and
SPEAKER_L: Do you
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: our
SPEAKER_L: it's? Oh sorry, go ahead.
SPEAKER_R: okay. Um, and that's actually how I got onto prolific because we were reading a research, She did one of them until they're like, what is this? And so I'm almost, I'm kind of on here almost as a social experiment myself because I'm kind of, what is
SPEAKER_L: Me.
SPEAKER_R: this?
SPEAKER_L: Me
SPEAKER_R: Can you get
SPEAKER_L: too.
SPEAKER_R: me dating this way so and maybe more money so.
SPEAKER_L: I think it is, it's like fun for me to do these little things because well one I'm really opinionated and I'm like this way I can like give my opinions to a bunch of people that want them and then leave my friends alone. Like not bother that with all my and so it's like I feel like it's a good divide in that way. Um But mostly to me it's like yeah interesting like social experiments and I like seeing kind of how it works in the background behind the scenes and stuff. So it's been like fun for me to like participate in these little surveys.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well, and now that I've been on here to kind of like, I'm seeing questions like good ways of questioning in good ways of not. And so like my own research methods and then mm
SPEAKER_L: That's really smart. Yeah. So cool. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: there's
SPEAKER_R: I actually like that. I mean just making it obviously doesn't make a lot of money, but it's kind of nice because I realized like there are so many moments, especially when I'm in school where I've got like five minutes of downtime, so I'm just gonna go take a survey. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: sure. I had one of my best friends in my honors program. He would play online poker during class because
SPEAKER_R: Well.
SPEAKER_L: he was like you know, we were in honors and like and he was one of probably like there was like five of us in honors that were like all pretty like nerdy. And so he was like in the five with me. So like neither of us ever paid attention. I was always running all my like clubs and stuff like in class. And then he was always playing poker online and he like worked it out so he was making Like $20 an hour for every hour he was in class. Yeah which is hilarious and now he's like an investment banker. You know, he's that nerdy so
SPEAKER_R: Blood.
SPEAKER_L: but it cracks me up to the like that's the education we were paying for because we were just like lectures and stuff. Like they weren't really for us. You know, we would participate a little bit in like discussions, we got questions, but you know what? We can just watch you to do this. We don't need, we would always run other things. But yeah, it's been fun. I like these things. Um I did one, I did this one other time like I don't know several months ago and ended up talking to somebody like in Minneapolis. And yeah, it's just like, I think it's kind of a cool experiment, pair them up with like random people. But I want to see the published results. Like I wish they would email us at the end. I want to know what they end up learning about.
SPEAKER_R: I know, I haven't done one of these before. I was a little nervous. I was kinda like, I have no clue. I'm going to get talk,
SPEAKER_L: Pick
SPEAKER_R: I'm going to talk to. And also, I mean just this is just me thinking everything through. But I was like, how did they bet that everything's fine? Like I'm not gonna log on and see like something inappropriate. Where's the honor? You
SPEAKER_L: it's a
SPEAKER_R: know,
SPEAKER_L: really good point. I didn't think about that. But yeah, I wonder if they purposely pair women together
SPEAKER_R: I would bet
SPEAKER_L: because because I I got a woman last time too small sample
SPEAKER_R: And people
SPEAKER_L: size,
SPEAKER_R: listen to you. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: who knows? But
SPEAKER_R: And people in the same region to like, that's interesting Minneapolis and you know, midwest especially since this is technically like
SPEAKER_L: U
SPEAKER_R: nation.
SPEAKER_L: k I think as prolific as UK. Right? Yeah, it's been cool. I'm excited about your problem. What do you think is like the most interesting thing you've learned or what do you think has surprised you the most in your studies so far?
SPEAKER_R: Mm. Oh, I think my favorite thing right now is I'm gonna help disparity in equity course. Um, we have a lot of discussions about racism and I mean it's
SPEAKER_L: Honey.
SPEAKER_R: especially great considering kind of the current environment that we're in. And I think one of the biggest things that I had never really considered is the fact that like race is purely a social construct. We've been learning about the fact that um if you were to take someone's D. N. A. And um compare like people of the same race sometimes have completely different DNA. Like a black person might actually have more similar DNA to a white person. So truly like, you know, people who use race to base healthcare findings like it's not necessary. So,
SPEAKER_L: interesting. Is there anything do you guys or have you come across this in your studies about this is probably like old information. I don't know if it's been resolved at this point, but I read a long time ago about how uh in drug trials for like decades, they were basically like only testing them on men and our metabolic rates as women, they're generally different. And so then when they constructed the dosages or the recommended dosage, it was always like calibrated to like an average man's body and not to women. So it was like really like negatively impacting women, whether it was like too high of a dose or too small of a dose of what have you come across that at all?
SPEAKER_R: That's interesting. No, I haven't heard anything about that. But we
SPEAKER_L: It
SPEAKER_R: talked a little I mean, going back to the race thing, we talked a little bit about how there's some pharmaceutical products that are actually specifically targeted towards different races like that still exists. And it's ridiculous. There was one, I can't remember the name of it now, but it currently exists out there. And I was like, what? Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: The thing that I
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: heard was that there's uh statist like statistically significant current rate for like doctors not believing black people are in pain and like under prescribing like pain medication to black people and that. And it was just like this outrageous thing where even when they surveyed, I don't know how good the survey questions were written,
SPEAKER_R: BQ.
SPEAKER_L: but even when they surveyed medical students and like residents that they actually thought like a significant portion like said that they thought black people have a higher pain tolerance and so they could like handle more suffering or whatever and it was just like the most crazy thing and these are our doctors like how much more school and training and it was just like oh my god, everything is so broken how to fix it.
SPEAKER_R: Reading all those, It's so interesting. There's one that um was that, you know, one of my textbooks that apparently is actually true, a biological things. Like there's not a lot of findings on you and it's most likely not true I guess. But still they found some proof and it's that um there might actually be some subliminal biological effects of slavery, like those who live message of the um over the seas. Like there's some sort of biological effects left over that. A lot of like african american folks living in the US have from that. And I can't remember what it was, but that, that's crazy to me.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah like trauma actually can affect of course it affects your body but that then you can pass that effect down. two Children is wild and it's no wonder we're all a mess after generations of passing all this trauma down to us like what it's basically we could even function at all at this point.
SPEAKER_R: You know, on that note, I looked really
SPEAKER_L: huh
SPEAKER_R: close to where there was some riots in Omaha. Um and so I had to go over there and check it out. Like I just kind of stood in the back, but it's crazy. I was like, I'm, I'm witnessing history like crazy. We actually had a really bad incident here no more. I don't know if you heard about it, but during the riots there was a white bar owner who um kind of a stakeout he had posted on social media earlier that day. Like I'm gonna bring my gun, I need to protect my business and he did a stakeout
SPEAKER_L: my God.
SPEAKER_R: outside of his business and um ended up shooting and killing a young african american man who got a little too close I guess. And it was this huge deal and they didn't indict him originally. And he was finally, he was finally taken in, but this was literally like a month ago and this happened in May and right before they're about to take him in. He committed suicide. So like they're not even getting justice and it's it's insane.
SPEAKER_L: Oh my God. I mean a totally wrong too obvious like completely wrong not making excuses and so everything is so growth right now um and always has been, it's really just like louder now but it's not like this wasn't all happening all the time. Um But like also though every single person is like mental health is like so like so damaged right now, so if this guy had issues before then of course they're gonna get exacerbated like during six months of quarantine and I don't know I just like I feel like there's an intersection of like public health and racism to I don't know if you guys talk about that like seeing racism as a public health issue or like not to not as an excuse but as a like I don't know there's something I feel like a lot of people are brainwashed and like manipulated and but there has to be some way it's not, we can't just like write them all off like, oh they're just like broken forever as Racists. You know? Like there has to be some way to like bring them back from, you know, and like recalibrate their mind or something. I don't know something.
SPEAKER_R: Now we've got a lot of discussions about like how do you have conversations with people? Like the top thing is to not call them a racist? Like you can't come out something like a
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: seems
SPEAKER_R: you're racing.
SPEAKER_L: like not productive.
SPEAKER_R: So it has been a
SPEAKER_L: Like
SPEAKER_R: close off. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: in general I tend to have an attitude of like separating people's behavior from like a definition of who they are person like and that
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: looking at it, this is about, I'm talking about like even like simple stuff like it's like, you know your partner is like yelling at you or something like talking about the behavior and not being like, like you're so abusive, you know, like instead just being like, hey, like I don't like the tone of this conversation I don't appreciate, you know, like talking about the behavior instead. I feel like I've always seen that be more effective and so but then it's I also understand why people are like calling out Racists, you know like because like it is so dramatically wrong and I get why it is upsetting and deserves like allowed response in in return, you know? I don't know, it's like, but in general I'm just like pragmatic, so I want like solutions that are effective, you know? So even if it doesn't feel as good to negotiate with somebody being racist, it's just like condemning them. I would still rather put the effort in and do that if it's going to be more effective, but let's
SPEAKER_R: It's interesting
SPEAKER_L: go with it.
SPEAKER_R: trying to do it with family and people who you're close with. I don't know if you have have that. But I mean, people in the midwest tend to have really perspectives and my luckily my like my immediate family, my dad, mom, sister, they're all we're all equal minded in that sense, but more extended family, it's I'm just like I don't know,
SPEAKER_L: Mine is
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: more like,
SPEAKER_R: more important person, but
SPEAKER_L: yeah mine is more like my dad's like work associates or whatever, like if I ever have to be around them and I'm just like Uh but I've known these people for like you know 20 years or something at this point so I'm not shy about like speaking up my mind against them plus like it has retired now so it's not really like a consequence to him. So I can kind of say whatever I want at this point right? There's a book you might like, I wonder um it's called The Righteous Mind, have you heard of this?
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: But
SPEAKER_R: haven't
SPEAKER_L: it's it's by
SPEAKER_R: said
SPEAKER_L: Jonathan
SPEAKER_R: that.
SPEAKER_L: Hate which is H. A. I. D. T. And there's a really good if you don't have time, I'm sure you're reading a lot already if you don't have time to read the book, there's a podcast that he did with um my favorite podcast which is on being with Krista tippett. So Jonathan hate episode of on being is like mind blowing basically he studies like he did like all well his main focus is like positive psychology is his like area of expertise and so but he did some research on self identified conservatives and self identified liberals and found that Kids, people who identify as conservative like proclaim like five key values and people who identify as liberal only have like two key like values that they share and so that's why conservatives actually can better understand liberals because they share those, they understand those two values. We don't value like authority in the same way that conservatives value authority and think it's like worthy of like upholding and respecting, so that is like part of like all of these values that we don't share are the kinds of things that were. I'm like it's why their decision making, it seems like so confusing because like we just don't have the same like concerns so we wouldn't strive tradition isn't something that I like would value in the same way. So just because we've always been having confederate statues up and it's a tradition and it's important to uphold tradition and respect tradition and I'm like it makes no sense. I don't get it at all. You know like, but so it's really helpful and I think like better understanding where people are coming from and then like it can help I think like bridge some of the gap and like trying to like negotiate with them or get them to see a different perspective in a way. But it's a really good book. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm curious then how that argument works when you have people who identify as moderate what shared values there are there.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I don't I don't know that he I don't know that he did that study. But
SPEAKER_R: But
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: mean
SPEAKER_L: even like there was
SPEAKER_R: mr
SPEAKER_L: another part that was interesting where he said like he watches, he has them like watch a display screen where dots like randomly appear in different patterns or whatever and the more randomly the dots occurred, liberals were more found those images more appealing. And when the dots were more orderly, conservatives found that more appealing, there's just like all these little like outcomes of the research and I was like wow. I thought in general I feel like he there's some people that are I think his book came out years ago before Like I think even like 15, I think it was before the election. And so right. He was basically like kind of predicting though, like talking about how this is the most divisive we've been in history since the Civil War and that was like several years ago. So it's not like getting better. So it's like it just seemed to read his research that I think you might be in, it might hopefully like add some value to what you're doing to.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, definitely. I'm kind of nervous for the election. Like no matter what happens, I'm like okay I hope we don't break into chaos days afterwards, we'll see I guess.
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I agree. I don't think we're gonna I won't I don't I think we'll know what's really happening until february. I have like a really like a really low expectation going into this. So I don't know. But yeah, I really I don't know. I don't think millions of people are going to be upset either way and that's like not great. So we have some serious like healing to do as a country.
SPEAKER_R: definitely. Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: Okay.
SPEAKER_R: Okay,
SPEAKER_L: I think we're on our time.
SPEAKER_R: go ahead. Yeah. Looks good.
SPEAKER_L: We had like kind of a dark conversation,
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: but
SPEAKER_R: thinking I'm really curious what they're looking for what's going to take out of the research you're watching?
SPEAKER_L: it'll be like, hi researchers, sorry, but I can't we could have kept it lighter probably. Alright. It was nice chatting with you.
SPEAKER_R: Yes, very nice to meet you have Good evening.