Oh thank you. To what? Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Mhm. Yeah. Hello? Hi. What point here? You can you hear me? I can't hear you at all.
I still can't. War No wait maybe I can now try again.
works.
I don't know
what happened.
Weird.
You know Well now we live on soon too so I'm sure it's not the first time something seven. what's your name or are we
not?
Maybe Emily, I don't know if we're not supposed to say that I'm Jessica. Nice to meet you.
Mhm. What have you been keeping busy with during quarantine?
Very
helpful.
one.
I'm
well
good.
That's awesome.
Um I volunteer as a small business mentor. So we have also been really busy so lots of people trying to figure out, you know funding loans, lots of people starting new businesses which is pretty cool to see actually. Um But I've been doing that since july and I'm an accountant so I can work from wherever. So that part wasn't really impacted me too much. But you were you already in an online Master's program before this or did you guys convert?
would hope
for
them,
you
know.
What
about,
do you guys have lab work to do or? No.
Yeah, I wasn't sure. And I was like thinking a lot about like all my friends that did art degrees and how difficult it would be not having access to like the studios and stuff or how they were working that out. It seemed like maybe not the best return on your investment for
how expensive the education is. Uh
I
totally,
do you feel like you're missing out on networking at all opportunities though are like getting developed to develop like closer relationships with their classmates and professors.
Oh, that's helpful
to.
Yeah,
totally. And like, I think also you just like present differently online sometimes for better or worse. I don't know. It probably varies by prison, but um, I always thought I can study on my own. The value to me in pain for this education is like the connections that I'm going to make here. And so to me it would be like a huge disadvantage if I was like the leader, I was like, you know, in all the clubs and like leadership activities and stuff. So that I would have been really like, I don't know how we would have organized all of our different, right?
Whatever.
that's the word.
It's
so true.
totally. Yeah, that
part
would be
rough.
Um, I'm like in uh, southeastern Wisconsin, like an hour, like an hour from Chicago? Not too far, but, so have you always lived in Nebraska, or did you move there for school?
got it. Yeah, it is. What about, did you visit the national parks in the Dakotas? Have you been to all? I think there's four total three or four total between the two states.
that's been on my list for a long time. And then I was like, you know, before covid, I was like planning on going doing a road trip of the Dakotas this summer. And then it would just seem like, like I know people were still road tripping or whatever and I could have done it, but it just seemed like a lot of extra hassle and there's people with family to visit and stuff, you know, things like that, where it was like more important for them to go and I felt like I would just be, I don't know in the way or something
like not, it wasn't a priority I guess enough anymore, but hopefully next year I'll get to go. Isn't
Are
my
gosh, no. Yeah, for sure these states are like not as big as texas but like, you know bigger than the East Coast. So um, but I, I think the Dakotas are like two of my last states left to visit. I only have eight states left to go and the
Dakota for two of them. So it was like enough of a priority that I was gonna make it happen this year finally. But thanks. No, there's lots of other stuff happening now.
Yeah, No, I know I luckily I have been on sabbatical and basically traveled full time the last two years and I was like living in Bangkok for the six months, like right before coming back at the end of february for this. So it was like, I feel because I'm a traveler and so it would, I would be going totally maniac if I had not just been traveling for so long, you know, like, I don't
know
how other people are handling. So the timing I get, you know worked out okay for me, but the first three months it was like, yeah, yeah, super depressive for sure. And
now I feel like especially since I started volunteering in july, um that has made like such a difference for like, okay, whatever. And so, and then
like,
um, do you know the organization score? So they're partnered with the S. B. A. So small business administration. So if you go to S. B. A dot gov, like right on the homepage of the government site, it says like, do you need a small business picture for free or like a coach or whatever and go to our partner organization score? So it's like 10,000 of us I think across the country. And so, but it used to always be like in person mentoring, I would have signed up to do it a long time ago but it was like while I was traveling it wouldn't have been possible really. I was like never really in the US and so but now that everything is like converted online, I think they're mostly gonna, I think they're gonna give everybody the option when restrictions lesson like what they're gonna do. But I happily just always stay online and then like zoom with people even when I go back to traveling again. So it's been really cool though. My client super diverse, like set of clients because it's all like Chicago suburbs and stuff and so like pretty diverse area and like totally different industries. So like every project is completely different and it's not consulting because we don't do the work for them. But it's like coaching them how to do the work and like right their business plans and we can bring in extra like secondary or third mentors. It's like they have an expertise area that were not as strong and or something. So it's been like a cool way to like stay engaged like meet people and then somebody today was like, hey you should talk to this other mentor and maybe she has a job for you. And I was just like not really like here to like network for jobs but that's really like sweet of you to think of me and you know like it was just like cute. I was like I guess feel good for networking and all those activities. But
it's
it's been nice in that way like and just seeing like how much it's helping them and I was always a business student. So it's hard for me to like imagine never doing, you know, try to think back to the first time I ever did business research. You know? I'm like, I don't know, I can't even remember that far back. It was like a long time ago. And so when people don't know how to start, like how do you market research and I'm just like oh I just assume everybody especially like growing up on the internet, it's like it couldn't be easier to research these days, you know? So it's like still wild to me when people have no research experience or don't know how to begin. That's
been like the biggest takeaway I think so far.
I mean
Like
how
to write a good survey question or something like that. Okay.
Yeah. Yeah.
And
now.
Do you
think
it's? Oh sorry, go ahead.
Me.
Me
too.
I think it is, it's like fun for me to do these little things because well one I'm really opinionated and I'm like this way I can like give my opinions to a bunch of people that want them and then leave my friends alone. Like not bother that with all my and so it's like I feel like it's a good divide in that way. Um But mostly to me it's like yeah interesting like social experiments and I like seeing kind of how it works in the background behind the scenes and stuff. So it's been like fun for me to like participate in these little surveys.
That's really smart. Yeah. So cool. Yeah
there's
sure. I had one of my best friends in my honors program. He would play online poker during class because
he was like you know, we were in honors and like and he was one of probably like there was like five of us in honors that were like all pretty like nerdy. And so he was like in the five with me. So like neither of us ever paid attention. I was always running all my like clubs and stuff like in class. And then he was always playing poker online and he like worked it out so he was making Like $20 an hour for every hour he was in class. Yeah which is hilarious and now he's like an investment banker. You know, he's that nerdy so
but it cracks me up to the like that's the education we were paying for because we were just like lectures and stuff. Like they weren't really for us. You know, we would participate a little bit in like discussions, we got questions, but you know what? We can just watch you to do this. We don't need, we would always run other things. But yeah, it's been fun. I like these things. Um I did one, I did this one other time like I don't know several months ago and ended up talking to somebody like in Minneapolis. And yeah, it's just like, I think it's kind of a cool experiment, pair them up with like random people. But I want to see the published results. Like I wish they would email us at the end. I want to know what they end up learning about.
Pick
it's a
really good point. I didn't think about that. But yeah, I wonder if they purposely pair women together
because because I I got a woman last time too small sample
size,
who knows? But
U
k I think as prolific as UK. Right? Yeah, it's been cool. I'm excited about your problem. What do you think is like the most interesting thing you've learned or what do you think has surprised you the most in your studies so far?
Honey.
interesting. Is there anything do you guys or have you come across this in your studies about this is probably like old information. I don't know if it's been resolved at this point, but I read a long time ago about how uh in drug trials for like decades, they were basically like only testing them on men and our metabolic rates as women, they're generally different. And so then when they constructed the dosages or the recommended dosage, it was always like calibrated to like an average man's body and not to women. So it was like really like negatively impacting women, whether it was like too high of a dose or too small of a dose of what have you come across that at all?
It
The thing that I
heard was that there's uh statist like statistically significant current rate for like doctors not believing black people are in pain and like under prescribing like pain medication to black people and that. And it was just like this outrageous thing where even when they surveyed, I don't know how good the survey questions were written,
but even when they surveyed medical students and like residents that they actually thought like a significant portion like said that they thought black people have a higher pain tolerance and so they could like handle more suffering or whatever and it was just like the most crazy thing and these are our doctors like how much more school and training and it was just like oh my god, everything is so broken how to fix it.
Yeah like trauma actually can affect of course it affects your body but that then you can pass that effect down. two Children is wild and it's no wonder we're all a mess after generations of passing all this trauma down to us like what it's basically we could even function at all at this point.
huh
my God.
Oh my God. I mean a totally wrong too obvious like completely wrong not making excuses and so everything is so growth right now um and always has been, it's really just like louder now but it's not like this wasn't all happening all the time. Um But like also though every single person is like mental health is like so like so damaged right now, so if this guy had issues before then of course they're gonna get exacerbated like during six months of quarantine and I don't know I just like I feel like there's an intersection of like public health and racism to I don't know if you guys talk about that like seeing racism as a public health issue or like not to not as an excuse but as a like I don't know there's something I feel like a lot of people are brainwashed and like manipulated and but there has to be some way it's not, we can't just like write them all off like, oh they're just like broken forever as Racists. You know? Like there has to be some way to like bring them back from, you know, and like recalibrate their mind or something. I don't know something.
it
seems
like not productive.
Like
in general I tend to have an attitude of like separating people's behavior from like a definition of who they are person like and that
looking at it, this is about, I'm talking about like even like simple stuff like it's like, you know your partner is like yelling at you or something like talking about the behavior and not being like, like you're so abusive, you know, like instead just being like, hey, like I don't like the tone of this conversation I don't appreciate, you know, like talking about the behavior instead. I feel like I've always seen that be more effective and so but then it's I also understand why people are like calling out Racists, you know like because like it is so dramatically wrong and I get why it is upsetting and deserves like allowed response in in return, you know? I don't know, it's like, but in general I'm just like pragmatic, so I want like solutions that are effective, you know? So even if it doesn't feel as good to negotiate with somebody being racist, it's just like condemning them. I would still rather put the effort in and do that if it's going to be more effective, but let's
go with it.
Mine is
more like,
yeah mine is more like my dad's like work associates or whatever, like if I ever have to be around them and I'm just like Uh but I've known these people for like you know 20 years or something at this point so I'm not shy about like speaking up my mind against them plus like it has retired now so it's not really like a consequence to him. So I can kind of say whatever I want at this point right? There's a book you might like, I wonder um it's called The Righteous Mind, have you heard of this?
But
it's it's by
Jonathan
Hate which is H. A. I. D. T. And there's a really good if you don't have time, I'm sure you're reading a lot already if you don't have time to read the book, there's a podcast that he did with um my favorite podcast which is on being with Krista tippett. So Jonathan hate episode of on being is like mind blowing basically he studies like he did like all well his main focus is like positive psychology is his like area of expertise and so but he did some research on self identified conservatives and self identified liberals and found that Kids, people who identify as conservative like proclaim like five key values and people who identify as liberal only have like two key like values that they share and so that's why conservatives actually can better understand liberals because they share those, they understand those two values. We don't value like authority in the same way that conservatives value authority and think it's like worthy of like upholding and respecting, so that is like part of like all of these values that we don't share are the kinds of things that were. I'm like it's why their decision making, it seems like so confusing because like we just don't have the same like concerns so we wouldn't strive tradition isn't something that I like would value in the same way. So just because we've always been having confederate statues up and it's a tradition and it's important to uphold tradition and respect tradition and I'm like it makes no sense. I don't get it at all. You know like, but so it's really helpful and I think like better understanding where people are coming from and then like it can help I think like bridge some of the gap and like trying to like negotiate with them or get them to see a different perspective in a way. But it's a really good book. Yeah.
Yeah. I don't I don't know that he I don't know that he did that study. But
there
was
even like there was
another part that was interesting where he said like he watches, he has them like watch a display screen where dots like randomly appear in different patterns or whatever and the more randomly the dots occurred, liberals were more found those images more appealing. And when the dots were more orderly, conservatives found that more appealing, there's just like all these little like outcomes of the research and I was like wow. I thought in general I feel like he there's some people that are I think his book came out years ago before Like I think even like 15, I think it was before the election. And so right. He was basically like kind of predicting though, like talking about how this is the most divisive we've been in history since the Civil War and that was like several years ago. So it's not like getting better. So it's like it just seemed to read his research that I think you might be in, it might hopefully like add some value to what you're doing to.
Yes, I agree. I don't think we're gonna I won't I don't I think we'll know what's really happening until february. I have like a really like a really low expectation going into this. So I don't know. But yeah, I really I don't know. I don't think millions of people are going to be upset either way and that's like not great. So we have some serious like healing to do as a country.
Okay.
I think we're on our time.
We had like kind of a dark conversation,
but
it'll be like, hi researchers, sorry, but I can't we could have kept it lighter probably. Alright. It was nice chatting with you.