Oh, let me see. Mm hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Can you hear me now?
You can hear me now? Oh,
weird.
I don't
belong.
Think I was coming to a bluetooth device. So whatever technology.
My
name's Imo
I don't know. I was just reading it and I said do whatever talk about whatever like your meat. Uh huh.
Um well, I'm doing my masters of public health right now. And so
it's actually interesting.
I know it's really relevant time to do that, but you know, we're all online. So I've been doing that. And then I also work at a um, homeless prevention services nonprofit. Yeah, I'm doing some public health work there. It's interesting like we, we
have a food pantry line that has just been swamped. And so I help
out with that here
in that.
What
about yourself?
No, we converted. So I don't know if you're located, but I'm actually, I'm in Nebraska. And so I'm at the University Hospital Medical Center and like as a college of public health and our dean is kind of pretty, pretty big wig with and stuff. And so like, I think, I think because of the nature of what we are, we just really take precautions as seriously as possible. So we have
lot
of
online classes before, so it hasn't
been
a hard transition. And again, I actually
kind
of like,
no, no master public health is pretty, yeah, no lab work, so that's good. But I know a lot of the med students at school are like coming in for labs only. So
shouldn't
So true. I, I keep feeling like I'm really glad that I'm in the time of life that I am in like graduate school, a degree that can be done online anyway. I got to
be really sad if I was, my undergrad experience was messed up like this.
So
yeah, I I think I I miss the associated with my fellow students um As far as the other networking though, I think that I've actually been fortunate because I was able to kind of form those connections my first year because I'm in my second year, second last year
without
help. Yeah. For
those who are just coming in right now, I don't know, it would be so hard. You have to really be extroverted online, so
Oh, that's that's
been like absolutely, because I'm actually like on our student association and we're trying to do, we can only do them online and so like trying to get engagement. You know, I I actually planned an event as excited about, We had like two students show up, you know, like
I don't know how to.
I mean, I understand
you've got all kinds of online events, so I get it. If you don't want to show up.
So
where
are you
located?
Um, I loved around quite a bit. My father was a professor, so actually grew up in North Dakota and then I lived in South Dakota for a while and went back there to do my undergrad. And then my family actually eventually ended up in Lincoln Nebraska. And so, um, that's kind of why I came back here in ST is nice.
Yeah, I don't think I hit all of them, but like this summer. So I went back and I did a trip there and I did back Black Hills.
What?
that's a long road trip to, from Wisconsin. I mean, I lived on the east side of South Dakota and that stills like six hours to get to
black hills. It's a long
one.
Hello.
That's the worst thing I've had people say like, what do you miss most about like, you know, Covid? And I keep saying like, well traveling, like everyone talking level when you're young and I'm young and now I'm told not to travel so.
Warm
up.
More.
What
do you volunteer for?
No,
I think online has really opened doors that way too. I talked more people, I think that I would have by All
But
yeah, Yeah. No, I'm actually like an applied research methods course right now. I'm learning so much like honestly until this course, I really felt like research was kind of unattainable. Like it's just you want to. Yeah, I think it's like, I think people get scared because when you're reading research articles, you see a lot of the statistical, um just jargon and you get really scarcity, like a, I don't know what to do this and be, I don't know if I can you interpret this and at least for me, um obviously, you know some about research for like quantitative
versus qualitative data learning more about cultivated. I'm like, okay, like I could do that and yeah, I don't know. It's been good
and that's
what,
Yeah,
Yeah. Just like exploring the types of research that you can do that. There's
some
that are like fun. I mean teach their own what's fun. But I know at least a lot of my discipline with public health gets scared away statistical analyses. So, you know, being focus groups and compiling that is a lot more interesting and
that's
our
okay. Um, and that's actually how I got onto prolific because we were reading a research, She did one of them until they're like, what is this? And so I'm almost, I'm kind of on here almost as a social experiment myself because I'm kind of, what is
this?
Can you get
me dating this way so and maybe more money so.
Yeah. Well, and now that I've been on here to kind of like, I'm seeing questions like good ways of questioning in good ways of not. And so like my own research methods and then mm
And
I actually like that. I mean just making it obviously doesn't make a lot of money, but it's kind of nice because I realized like there are so many moments, especially when I'm in school where I've got like five minutes of downtime, so I'm just gonna go take a survey. Yeah.
Well.
Blood.
I know, I haven't done one of these before. I was a little nervous. I was kinda like, I have no clue. I'm going to get talk,
I'm going to talk to. And also, I mean just this is just me thinking everything through. But I was like, how did they bet that everything's fine? Like I'm not gonna log on and see like something inappropriate. Where's the honor? You
know,
I would bet
And people
listen to you. Yeah.
And people in the same region to like, that's interesting Minneapolis and you know, midwest especially since this is technically like
nation.
Mm. Oh, I think my favorite thing right now is I'm gonna help disparity in equity course. Um, we have a lot of discussions about racism and I mean it's
especially great considering kind of the current environment that we're in. And I think one of the biggest things that I had never really considered is the fact that like race is purely a social construct. We've been learning about the fact that um if you were to take someone's D. N. A. And um compare like people of the same race sometimes have completely different DNA. Like a black person might actually have more similar DNA to a white person. So truly like, you know, people who use race to base healthcare findings like it's not necessary. So,
That's interesting. No, I haven't heard anything about that. But we
talked a little I mean, going back to the race thing, we talked a little bit about how there's some pharmaceutical products that are actually specifically targeted towards different races like that still exists. And it's ridiculous. There was one, I can't remember the name of it now, but it currently exists out there. And I was like, what? Yeah.
All
BQ.
Reading all those, It's so interesting. There's one that um was that, you know, one of my textbooks that apparently is actually true, a biological things. Like there's not a lot of findings on you and it's most likely not true I guess. But still they found some proof and it's that um there might actually be some subliminal biological effects of slavery, like those who live message of the um over the seas. Like there's some sort of biological effects left over that. A lot of like african american folks living in the US have from that. And I can't remember what it was, but that, that's crazy to me.
You know, on that note, I looked really
close to where there was some riots in Omaha. Um and so I had to go over there and check it out. Like I just kind of stood in the back, but it's crazy. I was like, I'm, I'm witnessing history like crazy. We actually had a really bad incident here no more. I don't know if you heard about it, but during the riots there was a white bar owner who um kind of a stakeout he had posted on social media earlier that day. Like I'm gonna bring my gun, I need to protect my business and he did a stakeout
outside of his business and um ended up shooting and killing a young african american man who got a little too close I guess. And it was this huge deal and they didn't indict him originally. And he was finally, he was finally taken in, but this was literally like a month ago and this happened in May and right before they're about to take him in. He committed suicide. So like they're not even getting justice and it's it's insane.
Now we've got a lot of discussions about like how do you have conversations with people? Like the top thing is to not call them a racist? Like you can't come out something like a
so
you're racing.
So it has been a
close off. Yeah.
I
It's interesting
trying to do it with family and people who you're close with. I don't know if you have have that. But I mean, people in the midwest tend to have really perspectives and my luckily my like my immediate family, my dad, mom, sister, they're all we're all equal minded in that sense, but more extended family, it's I'm just like I don't know,
I'm
more important person, but
I
haven't
said
that.
I'm curious then how that argument works when you have people who identify as moderate what shared values there are there.
But
I
mean
mr
Yeah, definitely. I'm kind of nervous for the election. Like no matter what happens, I'm like okay I hope we don't break into chaos days afterwards, we'll see I guess.
definitely. Mhm.
Okay,
go ahead. Yeah. Looks good.
I was
thinking I'm really curious what they're looking for what's going to take out of the research you're watching?
Yes, very nice to meet you have Good evening.