Okay, that's right.
Hi Ari
doing good, how are you doing?
Well,
that
happened to me last time to be honest. Like I've had one actual conversation, and then when was that? I think that was like last week or something. Um I also just like sat there and it was just a great screen and I was just like oh well that's kind of like anticlimatic. But yeah. Sure.
Uh it's a mix, it's a polish, german mix.
Yeah. A little bit. I studied in London, so it sounds familiar.
Yeah. No, I'm in I'm in new york. Yeah.
Cool.
Honestly I just recently faltered and got an actual A. C. Unit because being from europe obviously it's sort of like I've been fighting it all this time and I was just like I don't need an I. C. I grew up without it and it's just like it's fine, but now that I lived on like 1/5 floor walk up, it's like it's not working anymore.
I know I feel I feel like these past days were so strange because we had those like really extreme like heat waves with like super high humidity and then like the past two days or like past three days we're kind of like nice and chilly and now it's like back to being just like uh
What?
But the
problem
things like saying that I was supposed to start with already right?
nothing serious
once
but
Oh good. Don't worry,
don't
worry,
don't worry,
that's life
happening.
I'm
sorry
Upper east side where
you?
I
I was actually I would have loved to live on the west side, I used to live in Harlem and I kind of like I did really enjoy it. Like I lived on the west side of Harlem of like in 125th and I really I thought it was like a really really sweet neighborhood so. Yeah.
Well
No, no, I'm so sorry
you're
not.
me out
there.
Do I feel men are also kind of like very self conscious about like their hair and their thickness of hair and everything, so
but you know what it's a thing because a guy can pull off the whole like bold tapping, you know like
and you know, pull it off and be like kind of like edgy sexy with that. But a woman, it's kind of like it's a little bit much I feel for you need to take it, isn't it?
Well
what?
But I
only
frankly like I would have not been able to tell like right now it looks pretty great and pretty full. So
you
mind
enough from what it is?
I'm
howard,
Do you
have like a, you have like a family history of thyroid problems?
Our,
I don't know. I haven't, I didn't get the test. I did really, I wanted to get tested.
But then I would go for like, what? Like, what is it actually you got to do for me? Like, no matter what the result will be. I'm not 100% certain that the result will be accurate. You know, with all of the kind of like false positives and false negatives circulating at the moment. I'm just like, I don't know, like, strange. I didn't, I didn't have any symptoms or anything. Like, I feel a couple weeks ago, I might have had like a very melt case of like, the sniffles or something, but like, it wasn't that strong and I was also like okay only because Covid is circulating now. That doesn't mean that all other regular cold diseases are like cancelled out, you know? So it's just it's really strange. It's really really strange. I mean I'm definitely one of those people that is kind of like really trying to be like safe and wearing a mask all the time and saying like inside as much as I can. So I feel like I'm pretty I should be safe. But
uh I live with my husband. Yeah. Yeah.
No.
No
mm. Yeah, like one of my friends, she actually, she has two roommates and they're all getting along really well. Like it's, you know, it's just like it's all good. But one of the roommates has a boyfriend that kind of like comes in and out of the apartment all the time and she kept using the subway. And so my friends was like really,
really like nervous about that. Like she was really saying like that's not okay actually. You know, like it's kind of like really weird and she doesn't feel necessarily safe. And it's just like one of those things where if you live in an apartment roommates, like it's not anymore about like your personal level of comfort. We also the others, you know, like you have to take that into consideration. So even if that boyfriend is like happy to take the subway and he's not bothered, that doesn't mean that he should like just Acton bothered. You know what I'm it?
I know.
absolutely.
Uh My husband is, I was, but then unfortunately my contract got cut because I'm
in a yeah, I'm an exhibition design. Yeah.
All the exhibitions, all the events are canceled now. Um So the project that I was working on but also postpones and definitely so yeah that sucks.
I
look at quality. Yeah I was employed. I was like I was I was actually working for the U. N. Which was you know like one of those kind of like dream jobs and I was like really excited and really happy and loving my work and everything. But yeah
it's sort of like you know it's just like little things where I'm just like you know what I might as well just like squeeze something like that in because it's hard.
Have
you been able to work from home?
Thank
you
for
Okay. Honestly like you know we learned that in our field that it's not necessarily about our belief systems and everything
all the time but we just have to deliver it in a client. Right.
What?
well there you go. Oh my
the way, but that thing is like a virtual thing is going to be like a virtual prayer
or
What was?
Thanks.
Yeah, that's interesting.
Good luck. Huh?
here is good.
I mean you know best case scenario, you're just like really that good and that's why they want you so heads up to you.
But
still,
I mean the problem is that at the moment we're not entirely sure when the project is going to resume and if it's going to resume because like before that there was already kind of like, you know funding is always an issue, right? Uh So even before covid hit now like funding was kind of like a little bit scarce for that project. Um So
we just don't know how things are gonna be because it is actually like a really really large scale event and you know like even if it's going to be postponed till next year, like we're just not that certain if people are gonna be really comfortable traveling uh you know in parts of everything, like we just think that it's way too soon. Like obviously we work super close with the W. H. O. And they've been advising us as well that you know, it just, it may not be the smartest for us also to then ask member states for like funding for that when they have to like take all of their money to really you know maintain like some some sort of like normalcy. Um
Yeah so you know like that's just like that, I mean they obviously they said like, you know, if that resumes and it would ideally would start resuming um in like january february of next year. Uh They do want to be back on the project. But you know, like I also told them look obviously if I'm available, I'd love to, but I cannot guarantee it, I will have to look for new jobs. And if I, you know, happen to find like a different employment that I'm going to take that and I'm not gonna take it on the pretext that I may leave again because that it's just not gonna work. So if it works out, it works out, if not then
I'm trying
to do is
Are
Well,
That's pretty awesome. Thank
you so much.
100%.
I'll be fine. I'll be fine. Trust like
we
women, we know if they want to about like inappropriate messages so we'll be okay.
I'm
I
don't know what I'm.
Yeah. That's been like there's been like one of those like really de motivating things about like linkedin for example, right? Like basically I basically apply on a daily basis for things, you know, like, because at this point of course I'm expanding my field and everything and I'm like not limited to just exhibition
design anymore because that like right now with that field
and it's just really awful.
So of
course I'm like reaching out a little bit more and everything, but every time that I applied for something it's like, oh, posted like 23 hours ago um and that's already like 200 applicants and I'm like, oh
cool. Yeah, that's, you know, super promising. Just lovely. But that's awesome, this is such a genius, like little hack with the craigslist.
why
not? Totally.
still your chances and it's not like low everything in that
way.
Exactly. Oh my god, I love that, That's really awesome. Wait how long have you been in new york for them?
What
where to my
friends?
Oh my god, that's that's actually a very awesome
separately have a single one.
You have a dual.
I
know.
yeah, so it was both, I did, I lived in Poland until I was like about 10 years um and then 10 years old and then we moved to Germany, so my parents were actually, they kind of like escaped communism in like the early eighties um and went to Germany and then once you know like the ones communism like fell apart, um they went back with us Children to Poland
and I were talking born in Germany then like while I was still being like a tiny baby, we went back to Poland um but then it took Poland much longer to kind of like rebuild from that and so my parents decided that it's gonna be better for my brother and me if we get our education in Germany also because my brother has already stored at kindergarten and everything in Germany, so he had actually a german continued german education in Poland, which was really interesting. Um And so yeah, we went back when I was 10 years old and um faith there basically and then I kind of like, and then I went and studied abroad and I did my Masters in London. Um and yeah,
so I feel like in and out since 2015. Um But like I came here basically because three years ago I was doing an internship and I met my now husband just
on the street. I actually, I just picked him up. So
no, but
He's american, he's a new yorker and yeah, like he was out with friends, I was out with friends and I literally walked up to him in the middle of the night in the middle of the street asking for his cigarette and that was the beginning of the end. And
yes, of course, yeah, I was tipsy. I wasn't drunk, thank God, like I still could see him clearly, which is probably why I approached him, so
know.
I came here in, when was that? In august? Yeah. Oh my God, it's gonna be a year in two days actually that I came here on my like fiance Visa. And yeah. And then a couple weeks later we went to city hall and yeah, got married with like my father who flew in from Poland and his parents were here. So it was like a really cute little small
thing. Uh
hmm.
Thank you very much.
He is learning polish, she, we have the dual lingo web and he's learning polish on that, which is very neat. Um, you know, like frankly this has been kind of like a topic of discussion recently, obviously because I've just with everything that's going on currently, I'm just not feeling as safe in the States, you know, first of being a recent migrant, a recent immigrant is kind of like many weird climate to be in right now. I'm not liking or disliking frankly in terms of like if you want to have a family, like I do want to have Children at some point, but do I want to have Children here in the States, I want to be employed full time working here in the States with like the kind of health care and like maternity leave that they have going on here. I'm really not too sure that that's what I want, you know, So we've been kind of like talking about that and it's difficult because I'm still in the process of getting my green card finalized. Like I have the temporary, like the work permit and everything like that's all settled. Thank God. But like I still don't have my actual green part. Well, that really sucks. That kind of like really limits me in my freedom of like my, my booty and everything. Um, so, you know, it's kind of like, I don't know like it's strange. I feel like I should also wait because like once because we're married, I only have to wait three years until I can apply for the dual citizenship. Maybe I should just sit that out and just like way to have that security, you know, to then like make those kind of decisions.
Does it want?
You know?
Seriously?
Oh that's right.
Well
Oh my God. Yeah. And that's like the problem I feel even now like even if I would just like do the jump the border thing like with the climate and the policies that are going on at the moment like
this especially
at the border and be like, oh are you not actually living here anymore? And it's like thanks, you know?
seriously?
and
where
is that? Where you though? What
are you doing? Huh?
From?
Just
once
they are
You
don't even have to whisper from somewhere. View on this.
just
like much together
there.
no,
I feel you know honestly I'm just like sometimes I just look at myself and I'm like how did I end up with an american? Like honestly thank God
like
I love
my husband so much, like he's such a wonderful person but sometimes you notice that he's american and I'm not and it's kind of like uh certain views and certain things you know that's just like what?
yeah,
yeah that's like that's definitely, I'm super excited for that, he's really excited for that as well, so that's going to be a ton of fun.
No,
I know, I know, I always get to like pig boat, you know? And then also like if it's like Germany against Poland, I'm just like, oh well whoever wins, I'm gonna be fine with it, you know?
I don't know.
No, but like, I'm glad that, you know, you figure your way through here,
I'm just like passing through really,
okay without that.
Are you actually going back? Like?
Really?
Yeah. You know like what you gonna do about that if you're in Malaysia, like
what?
No.
Yeah, wow. Why were your parents in Malaysia?
And then I
can
Yeah. And also like, I assume that like extend your in Malaysia is just like whatever the standard is that we're familiar with, right?
So
you
know, like that's obviously not cheap, that's clearly
not cheap, but at the same time if everything else is so cheap and you know
you point out people in new york about rent prices, it's
just like
I can't
even get a parking spot for that.
I know. Right, serious man,
Oh no I wouldn't mind paying for the beer. Are you kidding me?
Like a deposit kind of thing,
okay.
You know what like you're planting some really serious ideas
here, I was like no kidding.
Exactly, that's the first absolute and best thing that I'm gonna do. Oh my god thank you so much for that tip again
and
I'm
not new. Oh trust me I will do. That's like that's so cool.
what have you? I
I know her you by the way, what's your name?
Alan my my name is Caroline.
No.
let's have a seat. Really?
It is. Yeah but
no, she was from who she from? Um, oh my God, I forgot the name, but it was all the way to the west coast like she was in California.
She was an Orange County. That's what it was Our party. I know, right.
That was I think two or three weeks ago, that first call and then, and she told me then that that's like her second or something. They've been doing that I think
at
the moment.
Not right. It's also so strange because if you never know who you're going to be matched up with, but on me like it just works out
the opportunities to have some tasting. All right,
With
I
had so much fun. Absolutely. I'm taking away the best time from this and I
hope to see.
there's actually a chance, you know that it's freaking new york. Take care.
You too. Take care. Bye