Oh my goodness. High,
how are you?
Hey, I've done this chat like what? Five times now and nobody
you don't. So I'm just like, I really just thought I was coming to sit and stare at an empty screen for five minutes and have no Iraq have
you before?
where's your accent from?
Okay. Are you in the States? I'm from England, right. I don't know if you can tell from my stupid accent, but I'm
it's ok, Okay.
Oh, same here. Cool. Yeah,
it's roasting today, isn't there? I had to turn the air conditioning off to speak to you.
Yeah, no, I'm like, there was already a unit in my building when I moved are in my apartment when I moved in, but there's one supposed to go into my bedroom and I was like, I don't know. The guy was like brought me to put it in and I was like, no, just like, I'm okay with the one in the living room, but today I really wish I had the other one.
it's going to be a thunder
and lightning and storms for the rest of the week. So
after
Wednesday.
Yeah. Oh hang on a second, this is my landlord is texting me uh
hang on a second too much.
But that work down in the morning. Oh God. So
he has been sorry, he's been flying by to collect rent and sorry there are always
do
you
think
we got
this?
And I was like oh you can't come at four o'clock today because I'm going to do this and you know nobody's gonna turn up and it's gonna be shit. But uh so he said he was going to come down at five o'clock today so I went and got the rent out, it's already are in but now it's texting to say he's not coming so that's great because he is annoying me and I don't like it.
I
don't thank you. I don't want to know specifically where you are, but what part of the city are you in?
I'm
in the west side and we're gonna, you know?
Oh, that's awesome.
Okay. No, I I've been here for four years now, this is in the same apartment as well. And
uh yeah, I love it. So, but I started in Brooklyn and just to be in the city was amazing, although I've never spent any time up here before I came, but I'm not far from Harlem, right? In fact, I was up there, they're getting blood drawn for some crazy illness that's making all my hair fall out.
it's just like, I mean we have women, right? We like
our hats.
So it's it would be
if it
was going to be if I was a guy, then you know my it
I don't I mean, I'm I only have my dad to like use as an example and he has no hair on his head and he's completely unbothered by it. Or at least that's the impression that he gives his
What?
And it's too hot for me to be wearing hats around the city as well.
Like your head sweats
too much. So anyway,
that's
my excitement.
Bless you. Thank you. It's only just started, but it's it's falling out thick and fast. So I'm like, oh my God, what's
going
on?
I don't know what it is. This
is this
is why we went to get blood tests today. They think that they wanted to check for like thyroid problems and stuff. Uh I don't I don't know. I'm not a medical expert. I'm just I
don't,
no, no, I don't think so. I mean, I asked my parents this morning, like, what's wrong with, you know, we just I mean, there's been reports in the news now about coronavirus cause, and hair loss. Right? But I don't think I had coronavirus. So unless I had like a dormant case that, you know, I don't know. Have
you have you had corona?
No.
Right. Yeah. No, I hear you. Do. You have remain
Uh, he has to stay safe as well. Right. I'm living by myself so I feel very protected. Like it's all in my own hands. But I've got friends and I'm sure you are friends to that live with
roommates in the city. You're just like, they can't control who they're bringing in and out of the apartment and that
just gives me so much anxiety for them, Right, Like,
But
no, here it's
I'm very grateful that it's just me looking after myself and you must feel happy that it's just you and your husband. Right, That's he said,
have you been able to work from home?
No.
yeah.
Were you employed? Are you like freelance self
employed?
And that's why you're on prolific making money.
no,
I'm here.
Um actually I have I work in television production, so I uh freelance by myself. So I was working for a company in Brooklyn, they needed somebody to do some virtual production assistant work, so I was able to sit at home and do that and
I've
signed
for another company, they're doing like a covid Day of prayer thing in the middle of september so it's not necessarily television, it's more like events more like what you're doing. They're doing a whole big event with singers and preachers and all this crap that, you know of tea. But yeah, I'm going to get on board and
correct.
I had to write a script last year about missing Children. Honestly, I hate Children, like why
I'm not interested in missing Children at all. They can stay missing as far as I'm concept, which is like I had to write this like really enthusiastic script or how much everybody misses them. He loved it.
Don't tell anybody else it's gonna be fine.
No,
this this uh this prayer thing is going to be an in real life thing. They're going to record it for this really crap tv station that's just on the internet. Um and uh but they're gonna Mhm I don't know if you've seen it, it's going to be in the style of like the George Floyd funeral where there was like only a couple of people in the audience and the speakers were kind of going up and wearing masks and I think it's going to be like that, so it's going to be a couple of gospel singers, come on, we might get
sharp and it's very, very black oriented oriented. It's not
like, I don't know why they picked me to do this, but okay, you're gonna pay me that's fine because it's not for my audience and I'm not their audience. It's all very gospel lee, so well, I don't know, well,
I don't know. They're like, we're gonna get to, we're going to get Governor cuomo to come and I was like, really okay,
sounds great. I'm they've already paid me my first payment so you know I'll I'll just keep smiling
it
I think also because I'm not doing anything else and I'm available. Right so that's yeah. Right
so
will you be hired back again by the U. N. Like are you going to be called back as soon as things are back to normal again?
Yeah.
so people would have flown in from all over to come to this event that you were pretty soon wow.
Do you know what I've been using uh to find work? I've been putting my resume on craig's list and you should try it because
on
craigslist there's a like resume course infection and I got this uh this Prayer day job from Craigslist uh and I also got the Brooklyn virtual job from craigslist where I'm rather than me responding to adverts, I have like a blurb that says this is me, this is what I can do, I can do this, I can do this. And honestly it's craigslist. So 95%
of the answers you get. A lot of responses, 95% of them are like, uh, if you suck my dick, I'll give you money. But this 5% of like actually a real job. So if you can your european, you can handle the stupid answers that you get,
you know, you just don't respond to them. But this 5% decent jobs out there that will, will answer you. So uh
sitting
around doing nothing that it doesn't hurt to, you know, you're from the ad once a week because it
explains that 70 so just keep renewing it and you get, that's been very helpful for me if you can blank out all of the terrible answers that you
thank
you.
But the point was like reporting them because I do like you get the same
disgusting messages every week and I always report them. I'm like why are they blocking these guys I. P addresses or something? And you know it's
the same
every I don't but yeah, a little a little tip for you because at least when you are posting your blurb about what you can do, people responding because they're interested in you rather than you being one of 500 people responding to job advert. Right? So.
Another thing
What?
You're
smoking?
Yeah.
I just I've always used craigslist for maybe 10, 15 years now for stupid things and I just thought you know, I'm gonna try it and you
know
things are coming and things are commenting me not not all good but you know I.
correct.
Yeah and like the fact that they're interested in me enough to respond to me, it already cuts out a lot of steps of trying to sell yourself, you were then in the driver's seat, you know? Well I'll see if I'm available. Let me see, let me check my diary.
Uh new york for six years in the States for 15. I
just became a citizen last november so
I
can vote for the first time. I don't know if you when you lived in England remember uh Guy Fawkes night the fifth of november. I became a citizen on the fifth of november which is like our fourth of july right? So
and I'm gonna have my first birthday.
Sorry say again.
I have a dual citizenship. Yeah, I don't, I wouldn't want to just be american. No, I'm only doing this because we did Brexit and I have no options anymore, so I
would
like to have options in where I live and not just stuck in the british isles. Did you grow up in Poland or Germany then? Like what's your Poland?
And
so how long have you been in the States Fall?
I mean
at least it wasn't craig's list.
he an american? He's american.
Was there alcohol involved?
like really
married? Then. You met him three years ago, you must just be freshly married, are you? Thanks?
it's
everybody. Need more votes, congratulations on your upcoming anniversary whenever it uh
whenever it happens, that's awesome.
Do you think that you go back to live in europe again or are you settled here? Is your husband making any effort to learn german or polish?
That's,
that's definitely what I would do. And if you have Children in the near future then they will get their american passports naturally, right? And you don't, you don't have to send them to school here, You don't have to, Which I think is the big problem is sending them to school here, right as well, They're still young and you have them then it's safe. The father, I think. But yeah, no, I came here through marriage, so I did not married anymore. We don't talk about him anymore, but I did the whole green card thing the same
that you did it right. It took three or three years before I was like a proper green card holder. And although you know, I could have got my citizenship a lot sooner. I didn't I didn't bother for one reason or another but I I moved to Canada illegally and I was like jumping the border every six months because
I keep my green card active.
This is like what you're going to run into. If you don't, if you just have a green card and you move back to europe you're going to have to come back to the states every six
months just to say that you've been here or you can keep active otherwise you'll lose it completely. So
it doesn't
feel.
I did it three times in Canada like every six months I drive to Niagara and just jump, go across the border, have a pint turnaround lacking in four minutes. The Canadian border cards. The third time I did it, they said to me, we know what you're doing and this is the, they gave me a piece of paper that said you can't do this anymore, like
this is the last time you all jump in. So I was like okay, so that
was like six month warning that I had to come back to the states. Otherwise permanently loved
it.
I
was in Toronto and it's
just like it's everything that you want America to be right. I don't know if you've spent any time there, but I
feel
like
I feel like you can live the american dream in Canada. You know the it's it's a free health care. The people uh pattern americans don't tell your husband. Well
that's
all the best things about England, all the best things are America in one
country,
I
loved it and the queen was still on the money so I was
very happy. Mhm.
You
were
like
Can you get excited for the World Cup when the football comes back? Does it really much?
Well yeah okay
I feel like you're cheating because you've got two teams to support and they're both good
teams.
I'm kind of drop. Mhm wow.
So that's cool.
Yeah no it's definitely better than England. I'm from the north of England as well. I don't know if you've ever spent any time up there but it's
I describe it as the Detroit of England you know it's a so
I'm glad to be out of there but
no I haven't been home and I've been home twice in 15 years. Yeah
my parents lived in Malaysia for the longest time so I would go visit them in Malaysia and
I don't have any friends or family in England so there's nothing, I'm not missing
anything except my football but
we can get that here so it's okay.
My dad decided to retire there. My dad worked for Exxon for a long time and retired when he was 50 and they googled good places to for Western people to retire. The Malaysians
got
he's got good health care, a low cost of living. And the only thing that's expensive is like beer because it's a muslim state. So they have a muslim tax on beer. So being drink a lot of beer but everything else is so cheap that you don't mind paying for the beer, you know?
it's like my dad, my dad said it was it's the same as new york prices for beer,
but you
know.
Thank you.
They were paying about $500 a month for a penthouse apartment overlooking the ocean with like the most beautiful sunsets. And Yeah,
I
don't want, this is the thing like that, they're going off $500 a month for this massive, massive apartment, gorgeous apartment, swimming pool, all the rest of it, you know? And I'm just like
I.
Exactly, exactly, we're paying like triple that amount just to live in a fricking shoebox.
So I uh you know, they don't mind paying for the beer because
so if you're looking for places to retire, Malaysia is a good place to retire. You need to give the government $10,000 and they let you move there. But they give you $10,000 when you leave again. Yeah.
Kind of. Yeah. So if you get into trouble or you do anything bad then they keep the money. But it's basically you give us $10,000. We'll let you live here. You can have the $10,000 back when you leave the country. Yeah. Start
moving.
I'm
but the first thing you got to do is craigslist.
Oh no you're welcome. I'm spreading the word.
You know it's they've
looked
I'll see you one there this afternoon. German polish speaker. Good event.
That my friend
Ellen
Caroline, nice to meet you with a Ceo
with a K. With the Ceo with a kid.
didn't know you were allowed to do names here because prolific sar very anonymous isn't it? So
was how was the last caller you had like was that another new yorker girl?
Like you know what I'll call you. Okay.
And was that like just last week when they did the first round?
no, I
mean I
keep getting the invitations with them. Nobody nobody's ever so I'm so happy to have somebody to take.
I'm just grateful. It's not one of those craigslist guys with his dick hanging out.
my goodness Carolina, I'll let you go. We've done I think we've done our 25 minutes, haven't we? We've
fulfilled everything that we needed to do. I have had a blast speaking to you. I hope
you find
receive
in Central Park. Look there's Central Park over there. If I see you in Central Park sometime I will I will wait for you.
okay. So safe wear a mask.
But