Uh huh.
Mhm. No how do you do
brian
I mean uh Melvin del michigan where it's really windy right now
you know you know family all over. In fact we uh we do a meeting on sunday so I just saw my siblings but most of my siblings a few hours ago. Uh Let's see uh Sister Stella is in Oklahoma and she just finally got a break after 10 days straight. She works for electric company and they had like two thirds of their customers without power because of a big storm. And that was followed by ice. So down lines um they decided to give their regular people break and brought in contract people. Um Well that's what she's got some time off now.
my
birthday yesterday,
well actually my birthday technically is tomorrow but we celebrated. Yes okay which was my son's birthday and my other son's birthday was earlier this month and my daughter's birthday's later this month and my ex wife's birthday is next month. So we just did one single party for all of them.
It was nice. I mean they've got a get out and get near someone you can trust to be around. Uh huh. Once in a while at least do it more. But mm. Yeah sometimes sometimes my ex wife complaints too much
I don't ever want to shut her up or anything but
What
is
that?
Yeah her job was already hard and they've made it harder this year but at the same time she did have a lot of trouble getting over her mother's stuff last year and they're giving me a hard time at work and you know she's got a job where she actually has to go in I mean she had to stay home for about two months during the spring and I think they're they're allowing her to shift back to two days at home again now so that's a good thing. Um But still they're working too hard she doesn't want to leave because you know she's got so many more years until uh two more years until she's vested and everything but then she figures actually needs to work about and more you know Sorry? She's I'm turning 16 months she's gonna turn 56 so nine more years she's gotta work many more years to retire
well especially when the kids finally get out of the house you know. Um Hate to say you know they're not helping her as much as they should.
Oh yeah my my the baby is uh she's 19 she's 18 right now. The oldest just turned 29.
Yeah well two of them are in college still. Ah
Colleen's gonna take next semester off because the school from home is come on her I mean it's been hard on Matthew too. But she's also has decided that she's changing her major changing her school. Yeah and she doesn't need the credits that she signed up to take next semester for her new program. She wasn't an engineering program. Yeah you have um Dearborn and she's going to go to eastern michigan which is in its Lonnie the bad thing is she doesn't have a driver's license yet. And he lives 10 minutes from here. School is maybe 10 minutes from her house. 15 minutes from here. And I do most of the driving back and forth.
Yeah but Lanny is really only 25 minutes but part of absolutely where Eastern is. It's gonna be about 45 minutes wait twice
a day that's going to be about driving again. But
I told her I would because well we we we looked into it. There is a little bit of crime in Ypsilanti. What's that? Crime is at Eastern and most of it is in the evenings. So if lives on campus she be exposed to that. He lives at home. It won't be such a big, won't be such a big deal. You know, it's pretty safe. Like a lot of schools are really safe during the day. Um, and it depends on where they're located and ever let stuff. Um, I
I went to college in a small town which you know 24 hours, you know.
Yeah. I mean I want to move far away. Mm Big part of finding where to live was you know what I could afford. Um I'm disabled on Social Security. Yeah. Um, so that was kind of a big deal. Although I did start going, start working again in the last few years just because my son's school told his mother, oh, you need to take a personal loan because he can't get enough financial aid this year. It's like, hey, how if I get a part time job, you know? And um, okay, you know, then I used to, so 16 started driving for Uber when I did my taxes that year. I discovered you don't actually earn money on Uber.
You get an advance on the depreciation on your car where I foolishly went and bought, right? Because when I hit miles already, mostly because of like half of it was for driving for Uber for so many months where this one out now they will become an emergency. And uh, my son drives that car now. The older one, actually, no, he mostly doesn't drive his mother's brother, his brother drives it. That. And my son with the oldest car, he's, his is one that gets parked all the time. There's, they took the insurance off of it to save money.
That makes sense. You know.
At
least they
cooperate
with each other that much, you know. Yeah.
michigan insurance is insanely high. Yeah.
No, because they can get away with that. They start called no fault insurance in the
seventies.
Yeah, except the problem was lawsuits are based on personal injury. Yeah. Cover in a personal injury only covers your car that was based on car damage causes recalls based on personal injury. So it was nonsensical and because people don't understand it and it's also a legal requirement and has been for a really long time in michigan longer than most states.
the insurance, the insurance companies screw us, you know? Yeah. There they're going to make a lot of money, not a little a lot of money
and they make it where they can.
Um We had a warm spall um about a week ago I think it got up to 80. I we're shirts to my dermatologist appointment on Tuesday so it's still warm Tuesday first time ever because it's always in the fall october november. Because I have something called keratosis and we can only treat that during the winter to keep the sun from affecting the lesions. It's it's skin damage due to sun and they consider it Greece is cancer. Which is why I get it treated because that's supposed to provide it from ever becoming skin cancer.
It's
actinic your hostess. Two words I've never heard of it before either. And most people don't haven't doctors have you know
and you can say to a dermatologist ak no know what you're talking about. No uh you know what A k. Yeah.
I have a sister. It has six months and it really looks similar the way you might arm looks the lesions and stuff. You won't be able to see you
on this
show up well enough. But in person you know Alex scally
my
sister's
eczema looks very similar. Which kind of threw me because that was way back when this was a new thing for me and that first started. So I guess that's about 20 years ago.
Um Not usually, but if I ever get itchy. No I forgot to start the timer. No I didn't forget the start time. I did see. Okay um I take things too because if you scratch it it will bleed like an insane amount. Yeah. So um in fact dermatologist just give me a prescription for lotion because hydrocortisone isn't doing as good a job anymore. So he gave me a prescription thing but also will take like Benadryl because sometimes itchy has nothing to do with anything really. It's just my allergies and stuff acting up
well. Yeah, I have allergies. I have right thing is fibromyalgia, which is the
chronic pain condition. Also have also have hypertension. Oh which which means I have to be super careful during the pandemic because and it's not high on the list of things that can make you more susceptible, but it's on the list.
I end up having to take two different medications from my blood pressure. So it's it's pretty bad. I mean like when I first got high cholesterol um well that was a diet and stuff, but eventually that got worse and have to take medication for that as well, you know,
for which the
Oh wow! I read an article recently that says virtually everyone will get hypertension if they live. That's when your heart arteries harden, that that causes tension because, you know, the buds pumping out from your heart and arteries are supposed to swell a little, some of the pressure and if they stop swelling like that properly then bit pressure gets to be a bit too much. But uh, I think my dad had hypertension and I don't know who else further back in the family. Um, I think you see my uncle as it as well. Um you know, I was only from 40 43 when I first got diagnosed hypertension.
It's,
I did at that time.
Well, I don't anymore,
nope. Yeah.
no, I really, I'm it is virtually eliminated salt from my diet, you know, and I eat hardly any meat at all. Um I'm really pretty careful with what I eat.
I've been overweight in the past. Um and I hate to say that was the chronic pain from the fibromyalgia when it was controlled. Well, I started like eating m and M's uh any endorphin rush. The little tiny endorphin rush that you get from clit. Well short lived and small. It was mm pain reduction.
And I had gotten up to £272. Yeah, I'm about 202 right now.
I'm
five ft 11.
kind of kind of average for um,
european
americans.
Well,
I'm sorry. That's why I said european americans because
you're from
that
tends
to be shorter. It's really funny. I worked with the guy, his parents moved from china, right? He was like 6.5 ft tall, huge. And then one day I got to meet his parents, mom was like 49 and dad was like 51 They were super short and it's like their genes made him. It's like
they
might.
Well they must know they he was there um they had such a poor diet growing up in china you know he grew up America you know he was born here.
Well no it's not, everybody has
that.
One
of
the tallest people on earth is a chinese guy.
and that's that's hate to say it. Very typical. I my oldest sister is 54 and my baby sister is 55 I'm the tallest person in my family. My brother is about an inch shorter than me. I remember how tall my older brother was when he died. He died in 1975. He was probably as tall as I am, maybe a little taller.
I remember
him being remember him being big? I was 14 at the time. Mhm
No, no I was kind of funny I reached my adult weight, it's great like middle school and then I got taller and didn't gain way, I just kind of stayed the same weight for years, I got taller so I ended up being really thin by that time you know that's fine. Um I had a metabolism that I could eat a lot and not gain weight.
Um it's also in kind of an irish trait and I have irish down both sides of my family. My mother's father came directly from Ireland. Yeah he basically took one trip his entire life, describe it step by step well the Pittsburg Kansas uh county cork and talk about home, his accent would get a lot stronger. I remember as a kid I met his brother, I could hardly understand the guys. Yeah well you know it irish accent, you know, some of them have a pretty thick um
My
my grandfather moved here when he was 15 and right up until he was 89. He still had a very recognizable irish accent. Yeah. And I know people that they dropped their old accent and pick up a new accent where they live, Like my former chiropractor grew up in South Africa, you'd never know it talking to him. He talks like he grew up around here. Yeah. And he said he also tends to uh talk like he's from florida when he goes to his family. That's in florida.
Yeah. I guess his own way, where's thing about my grandfather is uh down across the street, down the block from where I grew up was another family from Pittsburg Kansas and talk to them and they do my grandfather. But during the Great Depression he worked in the this general store so most people had met him at some point in their lives in that town you know? Which is funny because he's working two jobs. He still had his job at the hospital during that period too. So he is working two jobs and mom remembers growing up with a cow in the backyard in town but they were on the edge of town so it was a pasture behind them and they put it on a long ropes and it costs 30.
it was a way to save money. They had seven Children. Yeah reasonably expensive. It was the Great Depression.
Yeah.
Our parents were Children during World War Two
my
grandma saved all the old clothing and um my mom and her sisters and her brother all got a quilt from their mother that was made from stuff that they wore when they were Children.
It's
an heirloom. That's, it's amazing heirloom.
Um I think my sister Angela has mom's quill. I have, my mom made afghans for us. I have my dead brother's afghan. Yeah.
yeah.
Well,
well I think they've all heard the stories.
Oh yeah, well this is, this is going to be something that people remember for the rest of their lives. Um I just saw a video today. It was, it was translated into english, but it was german and it was an old guy talking about way, way, way back during the winter of 2020. He's talking about surviving covid, but it was staying at home, laying on the couch watching tv, he was a hero and spread. So it was kind of funny, you know. Yeah,
well we're all pretty smart people for the most part, you know, So. Mhm hmm My sister mary works at Forward and she's been working from home the entire time. She hasn't been into a ford building since april mm. Her husband works I. T. For Detroit police department and he's been able to work from home the entire time. My sisters also it um uh my sister Cathy just retired in december so she actually lucked out on timing glare. Ah my baby sister, she's the one that's in Oklahoma um and she has to work the power lines and stuff but when she's not doing that um her normal job is it's april work, so they've been letting her do most of that from home. My brother is an electrician, he's he's pretty steady, but you're mostly isolated from other people when you're working. In fact, he just he was just he mentioned today, he was just told he gets his hands a new assignment. They haven't told him what he is going to be doing. But the casinos in Detroit, if they want him out on the floor, he said he's going to turn it down, but if it's, you know in the background where it's all the big electrical pounds and stuff, he's fighting with that because you know, he won't see other people hardly at all, you know, but he doesn't want to be around a lot of people. I don't know, they might, they might tell the casinos they have to close again because uh at over 7000 new cases in michigan yesterday. Yeah. Yeah. It's like so much worse than it was in the spring when they had the plate lockdown that's we've been doing for 25 minutes now. Just no um that's that's the minimum we can stop now if you want. But you know, it's fine to go on if enjoying us.
That's a uh my sister Gina was going to switch jobs also it she says she's mostly been working. Yeah. Mhm. Work. But they spread everyone out so that you're not really too close to people.
Yeah. Now my my brother electrician um he's married into a Puerto Rican family and some of the mostly spouses interestingly enough have been infected actually, 10 people and uh my baby sister, her daughters father in law was infected and his wife. But today she told us her son that's got it. Good thing that the job let her stay home because she has to stay home to quarantine anyways. But well they told her it's gonna be 10 days at home and then they should be long enough for quarantine period. I think.
Hopefully he doesn't get real sick. She said it his symptoms kind of came and went just. I know it sounds weird but apparently that's more common the younger yard. The health er older people like me that are gonna be hurt by it.
Let's that's the closest thing I have but of I want to say 15 nieces and nephews and one that's the closest and my family so far and that's just this week.
Well my parents raised nine Children,
one of seven. Um The city Kathy didn't have any kids. Angie has four kids. Um Barbara just got one kid. Ah Barbie is moving there in Alabama now they're going to close on their house tomorrow up in Tennessee. They worked in both Tennessee and Alabama in the past 10 years. Um But they're going you know for a job again. So you uh gina ska kids hate to say only three of them are live. Um See I've got three, my brother's got none. Um That's something I've learned this year. Um Most of us had the mumps when we're Children. Brother can't have Children because he had the mumps the mumps but obviously I can't have Children. Um Then uh my next sister has three and my baby sister's got to.
So yeah it's that big families like mom and dad's but that's done anymore. The funny thing thing is we went to uh catholic school and church, we weren't the biggest family in the well either there were a couple families larger. Um It's best friend there there they had eight kids. And the effect
um The kid that was in a family of 11, another that was in the family of 13. My best friend, they hit their family had eight Children. So it's kind of a common thing in that area. Um,
Yeah. My mom and dad said that they had made a decision when they were younger. That observation was that dumb people have a lot of kids and they were both. So they decided have a lot of kids and counter act all the dumb people reproducing
well man, two smart people have all the Children are smart, you know, none of it. Mm. Um my sister Angela voted for trump
no and Angela's Angela is the only one in the family and
she felt a little persecuted this year.
She said outrageous things. You know,
no, he has really bad ideas. He's, he's a racist. He's
I'm at
all.
And and doing nothing about the pandemic was the worst idea ever.
You never know, You never know because he lies publicly 10 times a day.
And you know, from people that have worked in them in the past said he lies 10 times a minute.
It's like well that seems unlikely for it to be that frequent.
But
well I I even heard from somebody who had previously worked uh Secret Service, although this might be bullshit story was that even cheats at golf, you know? Which is just it's just that's just funny. Yeah.
It's like why he stopped playing against other people. He's out there playing by himself for the most. Why would you a you know, it's bizarre if you I guess it, but I don't have this much, you know if someone else has a good idea I say so, you know. Uh huh. Mhm. Mhm. You know, I don't have problems with that. But I also grew up in the family that smart people and when I first started school I didn't know I was smart and for a while I didn't know why other kids were picking on me and stuff like that. And I later I didn't figure it out. It was because I was smart. I didn't realize that I was coming off in class like some kind of asshole. They were concerned. Yeah.
oh, there was this one poor girl. I, she was tortured. She was absolutely tortured. Right? Well, I'm sorry personally, I think grade school is a horrible thing. It's ice
and
the Cloud, you know, ever read Lord of the flies.
That's good enough is good enough. You have, you have the general idea of
it
other than on their own become monsters
question.
Um, there's also stories of, you know, people being isolated and, you know, with adults and stuff and that kind of stuff still happens. Um, I guess that probably depends a little bit on the people, but when things get really hard, people make really bad decisions.
Sorry,
that's
fine.
You
don't have a record
price for,
you don't have a regular place for it.
You see mindsets in one position and I use the big television screen over here, which is why that's much more like coming that way. This we're here and I sit across the room with a remote people. Um, in fact, I hate to say after a couple hours with my family today, um, my butt's going dead right now being on a dining room chair and I want to go ahead and cut this off soon.
It was very nice to meet you
talking to you. I realized I did most of the talking.