How did, Yeah. Hello?
Hey, how
are you?
I'm good. Where you, where you uh, where you located?
Ooh,
I'm in New Jersey. Yeah.
Why what happened?
same. Same experience.
I only did it number first. That was my first time doing it.
And um yeah, I had a lot of no shows.
Exactly. I
know. So
what time
is
it
there?
It's like 5:00 for you.
Yeah. And it gets dark so early. It's crazy.
Bring forward fall back. So we go back, we turn them back.
We're going
to lose an
hour.
I don't like it.
Yeah, same. I know. Me too. So what's it, is it happier by you? Is
it warm?
For
you guys.
it's beautiful.
It was beautiful today. It was 76 here and just like no
humidity, gorgeous.
no thanks.
Yeah, I know you guys do. I know I've been to Dallas I think just
once or twice.
Yeah, I live near the beach in Jersey Short. It's a big destination site. So it becomes an islam except for covid kind of, you know, people didn't come this year, but now it's really starting, the cold is really coming back for a second wave here. I don't know about you
guys.
have three
kids.
Yeah. And most of the school around here that started out going like a day or two have all turned to remote. So it's really, it's
really getting that there's parts of new york city that are hot spots that are really, really densely populated with Covid.
It's really becoming a situation. So if you hear my cats, you think I'm talking to her, so she's talking back. So
if you
hear her. Mhm.
Well, they probably
had
the symptoms of it before, a surgery,
procedure or something. So one of my kids to college had requested
that college
here in New Jersey started to get some cases and he was exposed, luckily who's negative. So it's hard with the kids. All the college, we're forgetting some sort of exposure. Well, I don't know what thanksgiving will be like for everybody once it's come home.
For us up for in the Northeast, we really flatten the curve. It went flat for like four or five months and now it spiked right back up. That's the scary part.
So we can definitely say we're heading in the second wave. Absolutely.
I know.
My kids
are mostly remote. They live in the dorms, but they're mostly remote. They had intentions of going to some classes. They said they would start remote and work its way into in person classes, but it hasn't happened
yet.
Unfortunately
I
don't
Yes, it's very hard to be a small business owner. Really hard. A lot of places
have gone belly up because of it. They open but they couldn't make it on 25% capacity. It's too difficult.
huh.
It's supposed
to be
No, it's so difficult for them. I can't imagine being a small business owner right now. We've seen so many restaurants go under that have been in existence for like 35 years and it's just it's really sad.
I would sell. I know.
Yeah, I don't think
we
have come here
so we have
that
up here. We have 11
directors. Yeah.
with icing on the cake.
We didn't
legal
Do you guys have like door dash and Uber eats and all that? The, the
delivery
service? Yeah.
They really done very well. Very well.
I even went to the bar bell down here. Carvel ice cream. The
Arab Partners.
No.
Oh, it's fantastic. But I even saw them picking up Carvel one time. You know? That's a hard thing to deliver ice cream.
That was pretty unique things.
Are they
full
capacity
now for full capacity?
even
in Connecticut last weekend that it was the same way and like here in New Jersey were only up to 50% capacity. It just moved from 25 to 50 and a lot of places are still
open only to drive through. So it seems like we're restricted than you guys still.
And
Award.
not. It's there.
Exactly. You go there for hours. Yeah.
So what's it like down there with masks? Are people masking up?
They don't
want to lose your Yeah.
Well that's
good.
that's
like really
disgusting. That's really
beyond
disgusting.
Well that's
interesting.
up here is really good about it. I mean it's in forth all the time.
People, even if people are taking walks outside, they haven't and people have been really good about it. Thank God. So hopefully that will contain the flu as well. You know, I mean it won't rapidly
Exactly. What
happened.
I think
so. Care.
I
know.
That's
all.
Yeah, I think so. Absolutely. I will go out with
at
least two in case I lose one because picking one up blasting off
the ground. What?
And there was price gouging and all that stuff like with the toilet paper. I mean so to
cooper.
I know.
Great.
And they were limiting how many you could buy after a while you can only buy per person. Yeah it happened. We're crazy.
point up here definitely
I remember
I know we
ordered
from amazon, my family and I know my amazon and it got delivered but it was still pricey now it's come down. It's really
they
weren't
limit.
Yeah.
How we doing on time? Did you time
it?
I think we're good. It was nice to meet you,
take care, have a good money.
Bye bye.