Hello. Hello.
Hi.
I'm
good. Yourself?
I'm in Dallas texas and
you?
halfway across the country. I'm just glad you showed up. Um I'm
did the, well I did these before. They've been running these now since the first of the year and um it wasn't good at first. Like the first three people showed up in the second round. They did them back in the summer. I had like three no shows in the role. No
I mean
not
yeah I was lucky at first and then I was becoming frustrated with like three of them in a row and I was like uh no it's saturday. I know I think I had like two on the weekends and I guess maybe time to get away from people on the weekend compared to the weekday. Oh
yeah
I'm
just glad
you
showed
up. It
is 5:00 yet. six. Yeah I know you're east coast time. 6:00.
Okay. I know it's about to be that time of the year. Um I think we go forward on time is the next weekend like everyone
well we go back that's the thing. So it's gonna be like
getting
dark.
Okay. I mean it's cool. I feel like it's that day it happens like oh get an extra hour but then it starts getting dark at like 5 15 sun starts to set, driving home in the dark. I don't like it. I would prefer
I prefer to stick with one time. That's what a lot of people say whatever whatever time we're now I guess daylight savings time, whatever you wanna call it, I would just rather stick with one time.
It
is it is right now it's supposed to be tomorrow right now it's probably mid 80s. Tomorrow's tomorrow's supposed to get up to 95° and I thought we were done with the hot weather. um Because just a couple of weeks ago it was like mid-60s during the day. It doesn't surprise me. Usually we have one last heat front before the the cooler weather coming, well cooler for us.
It's
probably I
know probably
see
Yeah, that's my type of weather like mid seventies some sun but the sun isn't like, so over here the sun can be overbearing because my girlfriend, you know, she's from the east coast in Baltimore, Baltimore area in Maryland. So
when she moved to texas which was probably about 89 years ago, that's one thing she had to get used to was just how hot it is. Um So she's not by the water anymore and like our summers get up to triple digits quite often.
What?
Mm that's what they call, dial it. I mean I don't, I like living here but I don't consider it like a destination spot. Like there's, I won't see any unless you have family here or there's some event happening in Dallas that you're going to and it just happens to be in Dallas but otherwise it's like vacationing in Dallas. It's I don't really see they feel to it through the outsiders. I don't, that's why they call it texas and all of these states like Flyover States or his file room. Who's
Is
it? And I wouldn't say a second wave because it really like it really never dipped off too much. It's pretty much just feel a stable um So I don't have kids or anything so I don't really know what's going on in all the schools. I just know it. I think it's half and half. Like you can go to school if you want or you can learn more, you can do it at home. But I know a lot of the parents with kids at school or they're having to teach them at home and most of them are, they're not used to that, they didn't all these teachers went to school for, they have masters degrees and just, and it's not just teaching the information, this is dealing with kids and developing them, like the parents, they don't have any experience doing and a lot of them are getting frustrated because I have a lot of friends who have kids just getting frustrated cause the kids are just kind of, they have no interaction with the teacher except on like what we're doing now, that's
their interaction
with the teacher. Okay.
Better.
Well,
This
week.
mean that's remember new york city, you know, months ago when this first started happening was like, that was the big hotspot and kind of that up Upper East Coast in general. Um But in terms of like, I haven't really heard about the second leave yet, I kind of, I kind of tuned a lot of the news out of it was just every day became overwhelming just hearing about Covid, I just make sure to keep up with myself, make sure my family is, but I don't need to hear about every single if I had kids would be a little different if I'm sending them out anywhere. But with me, I work remote from home. Now my girlfriend, she actually got tested for cold because one of her patients, she works at a orthopedic center and one of the patients that came in I think was exposed to it. So anyone who was exposed to this person has to be tested, she tested and she tested negative for it. That's a good thing. And her sister had to be tested because she works out like a dentist office. So it comes back that any of those people are tested positive. I'm not sure how they found out that this customer or this patient tested positive. I don't know how that all works. But they somehow wanted out and then anybody who had contact with them. So
that's
what
that's true.
After
that.
Well you know it's funny because I mean when this first started it was back in March and a lot of their whole thing was we just need to get it under control for the two weeks they always mentioned two weeks and here we are. Already in october and it's really really nothing has changed in terms of, um, this really the numbers, like for texas, we, I think we may have had a slight dip sometimes when spring was turning in the summer mayor june and it kind of picked back up. So maybe that was our second wave. I'm not sure. Oh
You're,
yeah, they always said there would be, I mean the second wave, um, and the thing that you have to do now is it's flu season is coming up. A lot of people
have forgotten about that because Covid and they're so similar. I mean the symptoms are pretty much exactly. I think Covid has every symptom flu has, but they have more that flu doesn't. So people, I mean we're already in flu season, people have forgotten about it because of Covid, but it's just gonna, and with like you said, thanksgiving christmas, a lot of that's a lot of travel for a lot of people. So I don't know like the colleges around here. I'm not sure about all the university, like the local colleges, we have the community college system. There are remote. I'm not sure exactly like all the other universities. If the remote or not, I
haven't.
what?
I don't think it will this, well, I don't think it will this semester. Um, That's what I'm saying like back in March, he thought all this would be, you know, by the end of the year. Well, it would just be Covid kind of, we kind of lost. It will be in the past, but here we are. And it's really, as I said, nothing's really changed. As you mentioned, you know, some areas of flatten the curve, so the speed for some months, but we're all back. I mean, I don't think unless you live in a desolate area where there's just not a lot of population will make it something else, Northwest States. You know like you
guys
like
Dallas Dallas and not just Dallas proper but the whole Metroplex, all the surrounding cities, it's very dense. Um There's a lot of people living in a high population, smaller areas, which is a lot of the big cities in the east coast, there's really no way around it. And they've opened up the, because they closed the bars here twice. They closed them when everything in this country is pretty much closed and they reopened them and then they closed them again and now they're trying to reopen them again. A lot of people who own the bars were seen, we're having to close our establishments but other people are so there's a whole big thing and I get if that's your livelihood and if they close it down and they're not really getting the help that like the big corporations are being built out smaller ones, there's like a pool of money for small businesses that went out quickly, you know? I've had friends who own small businesses, they were kind of upset about that.
because
no Not a
not a restaurant um when you have 25% or even they went from 25 to 50, like even at 50%, it's still hard for him, like most of these restaurants and bars like they don't they're not operating like heavy into the green, you know, they're operating even at full capacity. I mean they were right at the margin where there's a couple of slip ups making go under so obviously and they're supposed to be a pool of money for small businesses. Uh
And a lot
of them, Yeah and a lot bigger companies, a lot of these big corporations, they got, you know, they found the loopholes and they got the money that small businesses, they didn't really, they're not supposed to need the help because they got way more resources they're supposed to have in any time this stuff happens like airlines or having beat Ballad L. And all these other big companies. But the smaller ones are
Yeah, because a lot of the your smaller businesses, especially restaurants, um they're kind of like the identity, like a lot of these cities, you know because like me and my girlfriend, we more eat at these smaller places than your chain restaurants. I'm not like what to eat, I'd rather eat at a smaller place. It's more unique than these like chain restaurants like red Lobster and all those like those
and those survive. Um You had a couple of like Louise close. I don't know if there's loop if you've ever heard of it. I don't know if this is another thing that might be uh
there's
like,
yeah, it's uh it's kind of a friend is kind of a franchise and they don't like flood records. Those closed.
I don't
know.
so like,
like lou louise and photo records are owned by the same parent company. So they ended up closing all the loops close, all the phone records closed. I'm not sure if it's because of cold. It I think it had something to do with it, but I think they're kind of on the skirts before Covid. And I think Covid is cinema under, but it just happened probably about a month and a half ago. Soco has been around since March. So I don't know if they had anything to do with it. Okay.
They probably were holding on for dear life and then they just paint, which is a lot of, a lot of these small businesses had to get creative like what they're advertising and promoting their place and carry out. But we carry out, you know, your they did have customers tipping them, but it still wasn't the same, especially for like a lot of these restaurants, a lot of their business is done on alcohol. And like a lot of people will go to the sports bars and they'll sit up there for three and four hours. This ordering drinks throughout the time. They like texas, allow the texas used to never allow this um to care to take alcohol to go aside from
liquor
restaurant. And during Covid, since this was something nobody's ever really experienced, they allow to take out of alcohol. But to me, the difference is like somebody who's gonna go sit at the bar maybe have 56 drinks. They're not going to order five or six drinks to go back home with. So they lose their losing the money there. It's already hard enough of being a small business owner. You really have, you don't have the resources or like a franchise.
we
have that.
That's
they are.
I
don't I'm not familiar with that. My uh I'm not familiar with Carvell.
I lost my girlfriend. If I say the East Coast things. Um
You don't have to lie. I don't know if they have some type of, you almost have if they have some type of container I keep, because they have all these coolers nowadays. I can keep it. But yeah, you pretty much too. That's not something you can can Uber eats. My cousin drove for Uber eats and he was telling me about like your honest um sometimes you order something and the person has like four stops before you and you get your order cold. Yeah. That's not like ice creams and something. You can just leave sitting there. You were told not.
I mean that's what I said, like during covid by people had to start getting creative. We got Uber eats and all that stuff kind of they kind of stepped in because I I think I don't know if they had an increase of business. I'm gonna guess they did because when Covid happened um more so early on when people are more reluctant to go out, people are more going out now than before because our restaurant supreme it's open.
He's
had to
work
like the last restaurant we went to was a couple weeks ago. Now the capacity inside, all the tables were open. It looked like there wasn't uh people at every table just probably because um that's just how it was. But I don't think if at full capacity you have every table ready to be served a lot of times, if you have just half capacity, a lot of the tables will have the chair stacked on top will kind of be roped off. I didn't see that. I think it's up to the discretion of the restaurant because I did go to it. We went to a chinese place about three weeks ago and there was no dining like that. It seems like that's the norm for a lot of these fast food restaurants is it's drive through and take out only like you can't dine inside. That's what I've noticed. Obviously restaurants were harder to restaurants aren't like fast food and so it's harder for they don't have a drive through. But
that's what
Hi.
I guess um texas actually at one point I can't remember when it was, it was sometime like in the summer they pretty much did a full reopened. Uh It didn't last that long lasting maybe two or three weeks and
that's what, that's what pissed off a lot of the bar owners like, oh y'all can open, oh never mind. We gotta close your back down so and they tried to petition. So um they just reopened the bars uh probably some weeks ago, maybe a month ago. I don't know the capacity. I don't want to, I don't think I went to a bar this whole year. So those closing doesn't do much for me. But I have friends who, you know, they ran bars and it was hard for him. It's really it was funny. There was a bar one of my friend zone. Obviously they were just a regular bar and when Covid happened they had to turn into temporarily a restaurant like a catfish. So they could actually stay open because bars were being closed
by the restaurants or bars are being closed. 100% you are shut down. Nobody could go in there. But restaurants could operate at a 25 or 50% capacity like you're saying. So they had think of something on the fly. I don't know if it worked out they're still open. But I don't know if the profits are the same. Mm.
Yeah. Because I mean bars like food, you're just making, you're making your money off whatever food you're selling. But bars are they operate? But people staying there for some hours order the dreams.
No, but I guess you could go to a bar for just maybe a couple minutes if you're bar hopping or whatever, Most people are going to bars stay in minimum of an hour and a half to two hours. But wow.
Uh for the most part they are like the businesses it was I think more so now like it was um I think more people were against it in the beginning, but now it's pretty much it's just a normal um for better for worse, it's pretty much every store requires a mass. I don't know what he really enforce it or not. Like at our walmart, they'll have someone standing in front. Just I guess if you don't have the mask, they actually have them for you. because walmart companies like that, they don't want to
deter
wait. Like they don't have a mask, give them whatever ones they have, they'll give one to you, so they don't want to lose business for people coming in without a master, they'll give you one. But
it's
pretty much everybody is pretty much fully on board with it now. It's wherever you go. Because me and my girlfriend will keep them in our car, we wash them. That's the thing about some people actually saw a guy walking down the street and he's like, did you see my mess that I dropped? I didn't see anything. He ended up picking up there was a mask, a mask that was dirty on the ground. He ends up picking that up just to have it. So like for me, like that's actually more harmful for you personally. Like
you
don't ever
Yeah. You don't
hear so
much like me and my girlfriend really sometimes like, well sometimes where each other's mass. That's different than finding one on the ground that's been, who dirty, who knows where it's been. But being my girlfriend, even us, we try to separate. This is yours, This is mine. We clean them regularly. She gets a whole bunch of, she works in a medical orthopedic place. So she gets cold all of them. But for them, I mean everybody is pretty much on board with the, I have noticed in smaller towns because I had to go to this auto shop in a smaller town east of Dallas. They, I wore a mask, but none of the employees were wearing them and some customers that came in were. So I think sometimes smaller towns, they're not enforceable as the big cities.
I don't
know. Yeah, that's right. Notice pretty much anywhere in Dallas. You go like any like we shop at grocery stores, we go to the big box like walmart and stuff like that. Any restaurant, it's all mass from the customer and the employer side. Obviously if if the employers aren't wearing them or if the customers aren't wearing them, if one side isn't wearing them, then it's pretty much it's useless. It has to be everybody on board or it doesn't really matter. Oh
What?
I mean like like some people are saying that whenever they decide the mandate for mask is off, it's gonna be interesting to see who continues to wear a mask is now like before Covid happened, if you went out during flu season with a mask on, people look at me like crazy. Uh
But
now like even if they say okay, you don't have to wear a mask anymore. There's always gonna be those people who, I think from now on for at least for the foreseeable future, they're going, especially during flu season, you'll see people with mass. I think you'll, it's almost like it's been ingrained and everybody for now these 767 months that
I think
you'll
still
continue to have people who wear them. Like even after all this is over just because I mean wearing a mask does protect you in terms of the terms when you buy people, especially in my grocery stores. That's what will be
interesting
to see like how many people are going to continue to wear them after the official mandate is off. And I think it's by a state, it sounds like it's a state bus state mandate because like y'all's mandates different than ours. So I think if each state's operating and that's how, I mean, I guess that's fair because densely populations probably need to be mandated a little more than if there's 100 people in the town. And
I
don't.
But
that's the thing. I know it's a mandate and I at least you can buy them anywhere nowadays. I mean all the there's an endless supply of if you need a mask before this happened, you know, it's obviously harder to find these mass but right.
I got that.
Yeah, we had that down here. I was like that scene. I mean I see it and then I don't see my girlfriend was like, I guess if people thought they were going to actually be locked in their homes for X. Amount of time, but you don't need like people were buying them just 20 rolls one and they were buying like four or five of those like you don't need all that but
people panic and they went straight for the toilet paper which seems. Yeah we had to, it was at the point where like my girlfriend had toilet paper she had to wake up um You have to get to the store right when it opens because that's when they're full stock.
So you have to go wake up at get to the store seven a.m. To go buy toilet paper. It was like um that only lasted maybe a month, month and a half two months it's now.
Yeah I didn't know if it was a texas thing or not. I was just I was just reading you know news about texas but I guess it was probably a nationwide thing. But hand sanitizers
at one point like hand sanitizer was like liquid gold. It was like you couldn't find that anywhere down here too. It's toilet paper and hand sanitizer and pretty much any type of disinfectant hawaii but Clorox, any types of those disinfectant wipes Because those three items he couldn't find them, people are price gouging on hand sanitizer like a little hands in terms of that big for like $10
and people are paying for.
And
I just.
yeah and that stuff anywhere now but even amazon at one point was that they were running out and like they are on back order and
even
I think they introduced a limit to how much you can buy. It's not hard for them to set that up. You can't go over one your quantity. So that's
all. I think at one point I don't know if it ever got that way but at one point I think amazon was only delivering like essential items spain for a month or two. Um They weren't really delivering or the like any electronics and stuff that was delivered slower, like any essential items took priority. They're getting that out there faster. Uh huh.
Mhm.
I
think it's uh what we have to do 25 minutes, it's actually 27 minutes so you can wrap it up.
Nice to meet you.
Okay, You too