I love it. Okay, cheers. Yeah. Mm hmm. That we, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All of them. Mhm. Mhm, mm. Oh, mm hmm. Uh huh. Uh huh, mm hmm. Mhm. Uh huh Oh, come on. Yeah. All right with me. Yeah, I don't know. Okay. Yeah. Uh huh. Okay. Hey,
what's up? What's going on?
Where am I calling from? New york and Brooklyn currently?
How about you
right now? I'm in Williamsburg.
Oh wow. Yeah, you're all the way down,
you
know,
uh, expensive. What else? Uh I mean, you know, the bars are at least compared to coney, but it's not too bad right now. Um
no, it's pretty bad there too. The driving. Yeah. I mean aside from, you know the typical double parking an amazon truck and all that like you're right. Hey, there's spots that are just like taken up by like blocks of whatever proceeding. And then also, yeah, it just makes driving just a cane, a lot of like narrow streets so it's really
annoying when it's like alternate side and stuff like that.
They want the money man.
I mean they're gonna screw us like you know we're gonna get screwed.
But
You
made, you
made
yeah, you created an indoor dining section.
the
waterway.
It's crazy to me. It's crazy and you know, I think we do have to be safe and all with the thing with the pandemic but at the same time what do you expect these restaurants to do now? Yeah and you're right, I just don't get what the city is trying to make them
do at this point.
organizations
brilliant.
What?
yeah, there's
more room.
No
what?
you're
But
just
The answer to like push more structures into the street if they're going to be mhm The same as being in a restaurant anyway.
Plus if you're in a restaurant, I mean at that rate, you can have the windows open somewhat, which I don't know how much that would do, but also like you said, they were just, you know, there would be so much more space within the restaurant. You can space people apart.
what?
Yeah. Right. Yeah, like a smaller restaurant, like why do that? It
doesn't make me
what?
and
you,
With outside
It was like
a, it was like a zoom by DJ session I went to once. It was, it was kind of okay. Not the same, but I
was like, you got your alcohol. It's like, yeah, All right.
It was fun enough, but I was way back in the april or something, like when I was like, are you dying? And they like, you know, like during that time when no one knew what was happening.
I'm
Why
would I?
in
the february, we didn't even think it was an issue here, you know?
Yeah, it's like heard about Iran getting ravaged and there were also, it's like all right, you know?
No,
No
one was
everyone
gets
their mess,
Back in March flu season. It was everyone's like still trying to work, you get a little cold, you don't think anything of it.
Goldman,
now you spread it to like, who knows? Like, you know, that's
crazy
part,
Welcome
No,
I think the main difference is just that public transit sucks there so no one uses it or
you need a car. So I think like
at least you're, I think that's it though. And then the weather obviously other than that though, I don't either
way the weather is like, you know a silent killer because you think it's nice out. You're cool, You're good. But then people are you anyway?
Uncrowded.
Not
a normal 10 a.m. yeah.
Yeah. Right, right, right. You are like more than a um
fires,
there was
world
war.
I'm like, I think January one, when he when he told what's his name in Iran, it's like a box of like going to war with Iran in World War
Three. It was like never ending onslaught of bullshit.
Hong kong as well. Yeah.
It's
like this
fucking year man.
Yeah, for sure. And then even like with the, with the protesting racial injustice and all that all, like even even that, it's like under the guise of like, you know, Covid over the top, like how is this happening under covid has covid playing a part. So even the stuff that is being when it is talked about, it's always like, you know, then there's lens of like how is Covid affecting what's happening as well.
I
bye.
It is. I mean, uh it didn't seem to turn out too bad though. I was at the protest a couple of them. Um and
the ones that were, I mean these are the ones the day, you know, middle of the day or earlier on. I mean it's not like the writing or whatever that everyone keeps on talking about but you know those ones are organized. Yeah and then you know just be a march down
whichever
way. So
I mean it's hardly enough like I think it was like, you know, it got the point across as far as like, you know,
and that's what happened, but depending on what state you weren't actually, I noticed like florida which has the, you know rick descent is the republican governor blamed every new case pretty much at that point in time I'm protesting and not the fact that they were reopening businesses. So depending what state you were looking at and then how they would frame the protesting with the opening of the businesses and the covid increased if they did have one. So
it was interesting to look at
what?
I'm
from Staten Island, so yeah,
like,
I know,
So
this point here
at
this point double.
gone
home.
Yeah. They're
rich
enough.
You're
young enough. They're just going back to their family like, you
know, live with
parents for a couple years at
the
house
because why not? What's
the
difference?
Yeah. I was, I was there not too long ago myself for my, for my work and uh saying so I was like, I can't believe I'm just walking like I hate Times Square for that reason
I'm
interested. I know this isn't so I can actually like take a breath there and I'm like, all right, this place is shitty, but
you know, I can actually get in a little bit.
traveling
good.
like, what do I do?
Yeah, those people don't know what they're going then at the last second they come into your life and it's like, I don't want to drive here like I don't want to do shit, it's gonna go really slow and spray
again because that's what turned into hey that
yeah, no, it's it's great. It's great to do when you like, I mean it's just a shame it's not gonna last as like bittersweet. But yeah, for the time being driving in new york during this time, the most part has been a breeze. Like
chalk
early.
You're
still paranoid, you still want to leave that, you know, an hour and a half in events because just like, I don't know like you don't trust it because
I'm
good.
isn't
it? You
know
something
You know,
you
know?
True.
Yeah it's like a coin.
We
should.
Toga
interest.
something's
going to happen. You can't think of anything. It will happen like you'll
see.
I don't get what the whole point of that is either.
Like
why
why are you doing
man?
man?
Especially
What?
It was
only
two or
it's always something bullshit with the train man. I can't say that. Like I can't think of one train that I guess the red line, the 23 are typically okay. Like the green line is bad. Kind
of hate
the blue line. A. C. Terrible B.
D.
Always been bad.
Well
Ooh
that's
good.
Well
it shouldn't take long.
it shouldn't take long.
Good.
I hate that. I hate that. I know they know they know they got us
or
are
you going to do like not take the train and then
I
don't want to
hear that. Yeah we lost so much money. City
has
lost. I
don't know what they're gonna do.
No not just I'm not I'm not trying to feel bad for the city and not like the restaurants and then I'm just saying like they're going to try to get that back so
you're right
you're
it.
Yeah it's true.
you
man. Good
uh good luck out there on
the truth.