Hey, how's it going?
So where are you calling from? Right,
Well,
Do what? The same neck of the woods where we're at?
Okay, so you're north. I'm stop away from coney Island.
Yeah, I'm all the way down in that neck of the woods. So how are
things? How
are things in Williamsburg?
Let me, let me ask you one question. Let me ask you one question in Williamsburg. I mean we have this invention us now everybody's every single restaurant is now occupying so much the sidewalk that makes it makes driving almost next to impossible house in words.
direct.
Well, don't get me started about that. It's just basically any single time you have a double park and then you have ultimate side. And I don't even get how open the side would work in conjunction with that. Because what you're supposed to your car, I mean at some point there's only even on a two way street, no matter how you if you put the car side by side, you only fit for maybe 1/5 1. If you put it right in the middle of the divider, that's about it. And I'm like, every single
I understand, but
but have you seen, okay, we all know the regulations regarding outdoor dining here. Right, what? Have you seen the latest one where the city was publishing guidelines on how to keep the outdoor dining heated? And I was looking at it saying to all these restaurants, are looking for ways to keep outdoor dining heated, you know, propane heating, whatnot. And I see these restaurants putting up, you know, obviously the sidewalk shit, right? Then you got
four walls and a roof and with the four walls, they used to be that, you know, the four walls went all the way up, but now they encasing that in plexi glass and plastic. Look at
that,
how
did that not endure? I mean,
you have a roof over your head, you have four walls all the way from the floor to the ceiling. Last time I checked
out
that signals right? Yeah,
what I mean?
Honestly, it's a difficult situation no matter how you cut it, but I just feel the alternative that they're trying to, the city is trying to propose. I'm looking at this saying,
you're just calling it outdoor dining because it's outside of the door frame of the establishment. That's the only
way you're going outdoor dining. But You made four walls and and now you're heating the place And there's barely any ventilation and because my my might be
for that year's this indoor dining, you have what? 25% capacity. Right,
well,
all of a sudden you bring that outdoor, but there is no ventilation, so it's really not quite
outdoor but all
of a sudden that regulation goes out the no pun intended but goes out the door.
So now you're outdoor dining with no ventilation and all of a sudden everybody and I've
been by Korea Thailand it's worse over there, literally the entire entire street, both sides, you got
these you know, these restaurants was setting up and then this I get it. Yes, it's gonna be cold, it's gonna be hard for restaurants to survive. But I'm like it's somewhat
write it.
Exactly. The way I look at it here is this you're probably more socially distance in an indoor setting, then you're in with that like And plus remember at least windows setting, I don't care how bad the ventilation is. There is ventilation that has to be without the setting. People for wars up at the roof. We're ventilation. There used to be ventilation when you didn't win the walls didn't go all the way up. Now you can blast. I'm just looking at it saying it was funny because um my my cousin is a contractor and he did a lot of these
where um It was like $600 for a section and basically building out those um those curb units, right? And he specifically said you know you make them six there like six ft sections standard but they only you know 3.5 ft high for a reason you don't make them eight ft high because the definitive war it's complete war. But he said once, you know he only does the bottom section and when people ask him, what do you do? The plexiglass on top will tell that makes it the whole, that makes this a wall. You asked me to put up a shed, A complete shed.
I
find it even funnier when it's not just dining in koreatown. They were setting up an area and I don't look, I'm the average new yorker, but they were setting up so like um they had DJ
equipment, right? They didn't have any seats. So you can tell that
area is being used as they only had room, like a like a stand stand, standing room only bar.
So you have T. J. Equipment. You have, you have a floor. God what what's your excuse? What are you telling people? Um Yeah, we're gonna hold it. What dance here? Really? You're really telling people that
now is not the best time. I mean look, well I don't, I think what DJs do are great, but in this day and age we could do it virtually do, we really need live music and live people in this type
of setting.
Whoa.
Oh, man. It's never it's never gonna be the same. I mean,
Yeah. It's so funny. I mean, 2020 kind of china drags on, but it's also kind of blew right by. Remember I work, I work in construction, right? I don't remember. This was back in right at the uh the last days of february, I was still measuring a job at Mount Sinai Hospital and get this. They were telling me this, Yeah, we don't do. I don't get why the harper administration is saying this, but they
say, we don't treat covid uh patients in this hospital, so you don't have to worry about getting infected. I'm like, oh God,
I
know I'm a contractor, but still for me, the stuff put in that. And I remember if this was, it was funny during the last day I measured there for four days during my last day of measuring there. I was down at the hospital administration is on the first floor. That's where all the bigwigs are measure their office. And then I walked across to the lobby, through the lobby to the other, they call the West wind. And right when I hit the west wing And I'm with the building engineer, we get stopped right there and I guess the director or something called help me. Yeah, we're sending about COVID-19 response area. I don't think you guys want to come in. I'm like, thank what that just told me. So the four days that I've been here previously, I felt like I should have gotten tested. Uh, but at that point, testes was so rare at that point. I mean back in March, you know, that was so
well,
But everybody thought it was like, my wife said, we all, we all kind of thought it was like SARS that if you didn't
it's almost like, you know, I think, I think everybody is under the impression that you don't, don't just don't go near people who have symptoms and you're fine. Right. That was that's the one key takeaway between stars and Covid is that you don't know who was infected just by looking because symptoms, symptoms could take take a lot of days to to actually show themselves. So I was like, so we could walk into any area and you don't know if you're exposed or not. And I mean, back in March, I wasn't wearing a mess yet. Now,
you know,
you
step up all the doors and forget it, You
mask
like
tomorrow and
it's that it's
reading
yeah, now is
so dramatic
now. Think about it the turnaround here, we're entering another food season and we're gonna wait that last flu season just just blew right by now. We're into another one man. This is and it was funny. I had, you know, if you have, if you had any of these previous talks right? Had one just last week with a person in California and that they were in Los Angeles, right? I'm like,
so they're they're they're trying to open stuff that they're they're restrictions are not as I guess as stringent as ours, right? But I'm like, Los Angeles is a big city to you guys have population densities just the same as we and who if our if our regulations work the way they did almost certain say I have to recommend the same thing. I've never been to L. A. But I imagine that it's no, I mean it's not a suburban area. It's got
to be. That's
what
well
there
That doesn't make my point. And it was like, you know, she was telling me uh you know how how rare it is to go to the beach nowadays. I and I told the same thing I throughout this entire summer I took my my my kids have a four year old, a two year old two buckets to the beach five times. But four of those five times we left there before 8:30 AM. We we were there,
we don't get that at the crack of dawn like sunrise. I remember the fifth time we were late and we got there around 10:00. My son asked me, hey dad, is this how the beach, Why is it be so crowd at 10:00? Uh coney Island wasn't really crowded per se, but not the normal type of crowd.
I mean
we're talking about, you know, probably 100 100 and 50 people scattered throughout the beach. And that to him was a lot because we were not during this pandemic. We're used to that being six people on the beach And we were four out of six.
and it's funny, you know, when you take a big recap of this, this this entire year, I mean, think about no, okay, try to put Covid in its own category. And you would still have at least three or four big stories that would have easily easily dominated the everything else. I mean, first, it's an election year, right? 2nd. You have all these social justice uprising. Right? Uh, third does anybody remember at the beginning here we were all, my wife noticed these commercials. Like we were all talking about fundraisers for the Australian brush fires because well,
think about it. This
is
not this
why didn't you?
Quick.
Anyway, I'm saying any one of these stories that we just mentioned on any other given year could have easily been the number one story. And I told my wife comes from Hong kong, right? And this is besides the Hong kong uprising and all that.
You know, I told her, you know, on any given year, I would have given you my full attention and that would have been the number one story or not in my household. But this this year, that's not it's not like it's not a big story but it's like in retrospective God, it makes everything seems uh you know, minute. But like I take the call example, did you remember I'm asking do you remember the commercial where they show the fire in the back of the, in the back of that koala and the quality isn't obviously dire straits. But we we thought I thought it was like six years ago but it was only the beginning here.
What's going
on
2020 is something else. I mean literally any single one of these issues Would have been the # one storyline or any other given you.
right. I'm almost like, you know, it's not that I don't sympathize with any person who protests out there. Look quite honestly, I don't
think it's the wrong thing to do, but I don't think it's the safe thing to do. Forget forget the
fact that you know, there was no Covid, you're only worrying about police brutality and whatnot. But in the covid era you could be perfectly fine going in leave there thinking you're perfectly fine and then just find out later. Oh, well, that's a suit. How do you not call that a super spreader man? Right. You got a lot of people? Um, now, obviously, even if they were always mask, they can keep it on because of the commotion. Right? So you're talking about pack space, you're talking about a lot of chaos. I'm like, that's a recipe for disaster.
Yeah. Well, let me, was it orderly at least.
well, that's not
too bad.
That's
well, you know, a lot of these things might get, uh, political politicized once it gets on the news. Right? But,
Fuck.
I mean,
it's obviously definitely something look at quite honestly. It's almost like that you have the frame and perspective, it's almost like in order for a protest to kind of work, you kind of need people there. Well, that's the inverse needed having people there is, you know, just, just more dangerous for that reason. There's no, I mean, in, in the, in the Covid era, there's no safe way to protest. There's always gonna carry an element of risk, right? Obviously. Um you know, you know, it's funny, it's funny, you know, when we talk about elements of risk, it's like where I'm at, right? If you look at um cuomo's not the redrawing zones, the first zones that he drew by zip code. Absolutely. Out of my colleagues, I have a have a red zone on my, on my side, I have a red zone on my north side and I have a blue and have blue on my on my south and my my west because I'm surrounded by the Verrazano bridge area. I'm
like,
so Exactly.
So I'm like,
you know, you don't want to talk about risk, you're always gonna run into, there's always gonna be pockets of this happening, especially when you talk about densely populated areas and people don't get me wrong, people will point the fact Manhattan should be densely populated. But do you realize how, how much of Manhattan is evacuated? Ready? I mean
what?
And my job, right?
I
hope each apartment and I have to I have to measure each area and I got to tell you the building manager is probably going to come anytime. Why the tenants not vacant? There's still stuff there, right? The tenant technically still lives there, but the tenant isn't physically there. A lot of these people have
second
heard homes in the Hamptons or wherever
and
you're not
in that
room.
That
too.
I'm
going
to say.
I
understand.
I think if you look at the busy street areas, right, the busy street areas, I, my bet right now easily anywhere in Brooklyn or queens is busier than Manhattan because look, just go to Times Square right now. I was I was at Times Square two weeks ago. Never have I been able to walk, you know, a few streets and literally have nobody at my son.
No, no, don't
get wrong.
Precisely,
back when there was a torrent, the as a tourist trap, you always have, you know, always get those mascots coming up to you. I'm like all gone. So you have no tourists. No, not even even car. This is the first like I was I was going to us on the outside it on friday. I was going to queens from Brooklyn and I told I told The client I was meeting, Let's meet early, let's meet 8:00. Right? Because even at eight o'clock I left I left my place at 6 30 thinking, oh yeah, I'm
driving, I'm driving on the beach where there's, there's got to be traffic, right,
freaking. I got there. If no, first of all, if no traffic, it would have only been a 20 minute car drive. All right, right. And I got there in 20 minutes of the thought. I'm like, this is something that happens. This is what
if there's any benefit to take from Covid here? I'm looking at the same, Oh, I I've been in Brooklyn all my life and I've never driven on the BQE where, wow. It's like, no, there is no traffic. Just you can just drive. And what I'm talking about the dead of night. Where, Okay, okay. Maybe if there's a storm blowing in, right? And they told you to go home and you have to be on the road. Yeah, the roads empty, but you know, there's something else, in fact, no, this is under perfect driving conditions, right? I drove over the Kosciuszko bridge and that's the first time I go, like, this is what it was meant to be. You know, now you have bullet, that's if you move
well.
But you know that that's on the normal circumstance. I'm looking at this going like this is insane. I've never I've never driven in new york like that. Seriously?
Well yeah, I mean
the corner
yeah, that's
as a driver.
that's burned in, that's that's literally burned
in
now. I mean it's
like
I mean
where
I'm at South by South Brooklyn, You know, to the airport 2020 minutes, right? But I always leave, leave three hours ahead. I mean I had
cousin who visit me from Seattle and she was like, you guys
are
so close to him but I'm like yeah we're so close. But remember to catch
a flight and she didn't come home until an hour and a half before her flight and I'm going like you're still getting on the train like yeah, don't worry, you guys want me to have a way. I'm like yeah you're gonna miss him. So
it's just you know as a new yorker, you trained to say okay we're never gonna have time but never have the time place even though in the back of mind, you know like
You know what
we should because it only takes 20 minutes and we're allocating three hours we should have a time. But you always know that the one time that you didn't you don't plan for it that this happened. This happened exactly. Uh my mom was at what was called me about what happens usually is this anybody who touches down at JFK and you call me first by the time you get your luggage I'm at the airport right? So I tell her to do the same and she's gonna like it's really pretty hard don't you guys want to get out early? I'm gonna like nah don't worry. The problem was it was raining really hard and this was back if you've ever driven on the Belt parkway before they did all that construction belt parkway, even after they did, it certainly was a still pulling from the flooding before you hit um it's like right between Sheepshead Bay and uh marine park area. If
you're driving in that area when it rains heavy, that area always floods.
So what happened was that there were flooded and they kicked this I've never seen, I was just gonna drive right through it, but they kicked everybody off the bell parkway off that session. So now I'm a marine park saying, oh God, how do I get to the airport about getting on the belt parkway? Right. I mean, I go I go through the union and a bunch of other side street. I got there about an hour late and she's like, what took you so long? I'm like, well you hit on the head, I mean it was raining, I expect the belt to flood when it rains, but most cases I just drive right through. I don't ever think that it, what's the point where I have to divert traffic off? What's he that happens? You know? So you, you just said in new york, you're trained to say, you know what? We need more time, even your lifetime, we need
more time.
something's
bound to happen. It's like you've been on the train for like the trains running smoothly, right? Yeah. It feels like it's running smoothly. Something's going to happen. Something that is going to say, you know what? And I had it if I don't I must say I encourage suicide, I'm the furthest person away from that. But for God's sakes, if you really had to do it, the subway is not the best area to do that. I'm just saying,
you
know, if
you want to
again,
if you want to draw attention to to your death. For some reason we have a lot of nice parks. We I mean, you know for God's sake just do it and everywhere. Oh my God. And it's not like and it's one thing when you do in an area where I could kind of say, you know, I could work around, but you know when you have one of these main junctions for example you're on these are the D. Or the end line and you just happen to you know the person has to cause a delay at 14th Street and you go like oh great is
it nothing's gonna move? I actually
had that one past winter where I guess some what was on the tracks on the d.
34th Street and they actually caused the entire train to come back. What happened was the train left the station not fully. I mean there were about we're about six train lines ahead so they brought the train back. But the problem was the training back was butting up against so what had happened was we all now had to evacuate. We had to walk from the front of the train to the back of the train and get on the platform through the back were two doors because that was
the
only
mm this always happens. Always happens. Mhm.
It's
happening.
Or
is it?
I actually have to take that tomorrow, I have to go to
I have to go to Far Rockaway tomorrow,
and that's
and that's really
I mean, I the other option is to drive there, but I'm like uh I don't know, I only
area
happen the car. I'd rather not. So
it's almost like new Yorkers, we all know the train sucks, but
there is no really better alternative. Mhm.
No,
no,
I mean,
Exactly, I mean, my prediction here is by the time we're taking trades, actually, it's gonna be $4, Okay, it's definitely gonna be more than three. I mean, even if you're being conservative, Going to be more than two,
I hope
it
all
the
Absolutely.
I mean, the thing, the thing is everybody knows a lot of money. It's not just them, everybody,
you
know
they are.
And that's that's the sad thing. Well, we're just gonna believe it. Right?
All right man, nice talking to you. Take it
easy brother. And
bye.
You
too. Good luck bloomsburg,