Oh how are
you?
I'm good. I just had hit next accidentally and gone to some strange space but then I was like oh my gosh I copied the thing that said if you clicked next by mistake yeah and I got here have you done these before?
Oh wow you're good. I did to the last round and this is my first and this one the first uh one was yesterday and they didn't show up so
two
they didn't show up for me one time last time and this time
Yeah I guess we'll uh they get something else going and they blow it off.
Mhm. Not long maybe. Uh two months. Uh huh.
I I just found out about it because uh I was reading something on Reddit I think and they said it was the best one and I had tried doing research things before and they were very frustrating, you
do a whole lots of questions and then all of a sudden they say yeah you're not right for this, you know, you don't qualify.
What is that about?
I've been I've been ready since uh to do certain things because I'm shy. So like uh things like making videos and having the video and it's like, what if I look dorky? What if I say the wrong thing? He's like, yeah,
well, I think that I've been thinking lately that, you know, I have a son, I'm old, I'm the older one. Um and he has autism and now I'm thinking, well, I have some great to, you know, it is on a suspect about. Mhm. Uh So definitely and when I was growing up, my dad was very totalitarian and he was very stingy. So I didn't get to use the phone. Like if I was talking just for fun he would come and go cut it out, you know? So then it wasn't that comfortable around the phone I guess. Yeah.
Well it's funny because my ex husband was saying about his girlfriend, she doesn't want to call me, she doesn't want to talk, she wants well now they're together, but before she doesn't want to talk, she wants to text and she says because you're too old. That's why. And I said, well actually I feel more comfortable texting too and I'm old too. I think it's a nobody issue
in text. You know, I understand that people want answers right away, but you can think of it for a minute before. Whereas you might say the wrong thing if somebody asks you the wrong question at the wrong time and then you can take it back.
Washington state near Seattle. Where are
you?
Well, I used to live in Orange County, uh, for a long time. My parents were immigrants from south America, but I spent
a lot of time in Los Angeles to and not the best parts either because when you come to this country you always go to the per sections until you get set up.
Oh my brother
father bought a house and flipped it. You know that's how uh huh
Argentina.
Yeah. In fact I spent like three years
in high school there because I was having problems here. So I went there and it was interesting. It was a catholic school but it was very secular at the same time. And I think the first time I had kept spanish and I read it actually still. But the first time I had to read it out loud in class, I sounded like a robot because I was so afraid to make a mistake. It was like that
I am um I don't use it very much so all of the sudden I'll not remember a word and then really feel stupid then I'll remember like two hours later. Uh huh.
But
I can't
and I can especially I can read and understand everything wow.
I think the thing that I got from that school it was pretty um structured and I needed that at the time was
a sense of solidarity because um that was the difference in the culture in the school here is very competitive and in that high school I can't say that it's every high school or every school and that high school it was more like if you do if you were doing well and your mate wasn't, the teacher would say like what's wrong with you? Miss Gail, why aren't you helping your men? You know uh It was more like everybody was on this in the same boat and we all had to like pull and push each other and cheer each other on.
that was that experience. Even though it was during the military dictatorship.
I
do
because
at first I was pretty isolated, insulated, right? Everybody was taking care of me, i without being me even being aware of it. But I realized that all the rumors were true, okay. Um because one time my best friend's father had had an operation and I went to their house and it got late and I had to go back to my house after curfew and it was only a few blocks away and I hadn't done that before. I was young and I didn't particularly stay out very late. I walked home and all of a sudden I see the scene in front of me which was somebody getting kidnapped and I looked at the people and the people had like stockings over their heads so that you couldn't see their faces very well. And I look at their car and they're taking this young man in jeans and sticking him inside a trunk of a car. And I look at the car and I see that it has no license place and I'm like, what do I do? Um I cross the street to be as far away and I started walking and something in my head said, don't run because it's gonna be worse for some reason, something in my head said, if you run, maybe somebody will take out a gun to shoot you, I don't know. So I walked really fast and this guy in a walkie talkie across the street and started walking behind me and I kept hearing and I thought like that's all I could hear. But then after a while I was walking fast and he was walking but he was walking at my pace, right, we've been catching up. So I was like, what shall I do? Okay, he's more interested, I think he's more interested in scaring me because he easily could have caught up with me. So then I started thinking where do I go? Okay, I don't want to go home. Should I go to the police department? The police department was barricaded because they were afraid themselves. And then I thought okay, I have a neighbor who's in the military, I'm going to go to his house. And um I started walking in that way, I turned around, I hear somebody calling him on the walkie talkie and he goes away. So that was the time when my eyes were open and I said oh my God, yeah, really happening? You know?
It is it was it was it was eye opening. The interesting thing is that when you're in the military, in any kind of dictatorship and it was supposed to be the system is like Rome if you know Rome the republic ever if things were going really badly, there was a way for it to be like a dictator would come over and be an interim type government. This was supposed to be an interim type government.
And
um but it's interesting because before that I just heard rumors but I wasn't really aware. It's like you think, ok, well it's not democracy but it's something else. But you know you go out and have ice cream, you go to school, you go see movies. Life is normal except not going out really late.
You know
when I was there about two years already and I had heard a lot of things but but never seen anything. Well
so I think I dominated the conversation. What would you like
to
Oh thank you. Uh was a long time ago uh that everything you know because I wasn't hurt, I was just shooting in and everything is a learning experience.
No I came back when I was 19 and I haven't been back. It's expensive. Yeah it is uh Argentina. All of south America is I'm in the west coast and all of south America is tilted to the east And it does take about 18 hours to get to one side is. So um I don't know one day one day I have a partner that wants to go and see where I was born and stuff. Mhm.
Maybe one day. But my my relatives there are like because it's so much economic turmoil and everything my relatives there is why come you know everything's a disaster. It's a failed state, you know. Yeah. There are lots of them in the world.
If we don't we're if we don't be careful we might be one. Mhm.
My partner keeps saying this because he's from Lebanon and he's been through and he says this is starting to smell like civil war.
Maybe. I mean maybe you never know.
and I'm very careful these days to to not get into things like that because you don't
want. And one thing I've been reading lately is that conservative brains and liberal brains are different like
that different parts of the brain were activated at different times and there's a different inclination. One gets afraid of one thing, another gets afraid of another thing. And I'm thinking, boy, this is really serious
if
if we can understand each other, if it's like we're talking in different languages.
I think it's been coming um you know, since, I don't know what, I think that um it was in the mid seventies that the economy of this country, it was, it's so huge and it's so world encompassing that you don't notice it, but it was in the mid seventies with the opec stuff. I think that the economy, the real economy has been going down and it's become more polarized, it's become more like South America where there are the extreme haves and the extreme have not and we're kind of in the middle that it's not guaranteed for our kids, you know, and you're, you're my kids age, it's certainly not guaranteed for your kids.
I read
that
the number one way of people getting houses these days is not through work and purchase, but through inheritance.
we had a crazy party and I know it's irresponsible during Covid, but my partner felt that it was necessary for his job. He's a jeweler and he's trying to get it into a certain position. So we had his colleagues over in a crazy thing because I'm so
like, don't know what the time is since I'm staying home, I used to help an old lady and I'm staying home all the time that I heard party and I put the christmas tree. Huh? So like a pre thanksgiving christmas party, which, but everything is weird these days,
some of the girls were talking about not being able to qualify for getting a mortgage or being led on. I was thinking, boy, I'm glad I'm not your age.
We worry about antoine's Tony's uh son because he's in a situation in which uh he's living with a family of his girlfriend and they don't necessarily get along, but he doesn't feel like he has very many options. And
uh he can't live with his mom because she makes them sick. She puts him down a lot and they're going to Oregon and he doesn't know whether he wants to go to Oregon or he doesn't want to go to Oregon, but he can't afford to be on his own. So it's all of these things that it's not good for either of them, you know, it's not good for her. It's not good for him if they're together for reasons other than appreciation and respect. Yeah. If they're just, they're together because they depend on each other.
That's another issue with Oregon is because they are not going to go to Portland or someplace like that. The family wants to get like a farm type thing
that and uh I mean they're Peruvian and they're dark and romanos it takes after antoine my my boyfriend and and he's dark and they worry because of his Tony side of the family worries because of the fame of the Oregon countryside. You know are they are they going to hate him? Are they going to hate the whole family? The rest of them don't think so. The peruvians they think that they can get along just don't bring up politics
Or practicing
in that direction. Um.
huh. Yeah It is difficult. It's interesting that uh antron has friends that are from Lebanon that are here. I mean some of them have kids that have gone into the military and the U. S. And everything and some of them are leaning towards the right so heavily and we wonder is it because of business because they think that it's good for their business you know? Uh
Or then one young man that works with uh with Tony is 21 years old and he said his most it's because of abortion.
It's nobody
was anti abortion. They're gonna back that one. And but the world is so big and Complex. one issue visit uh
and they were so afraid of the protests in Seattle from Black Lives Matter for example and it's too apt it's too bad that sometimes these things our co opted by people that go in and steal things that's not good for the message. That's not good for
people going on to that because if you watch the screen the people that were stealing we're all races and ethnicities shocking thing was one lady had had a hit job on like she was saying, I'm piously muslim and I'm stealing this tv is like, like people are people are
yeah, a lot of them. Um even in the richest parts, I mean, well, because of covid everybody is affected anyway. Uh passed by this giant restaurant that had been opened and Bellevue is like like rodeo drive or something and Had been open for 150 years and they were shut down. So yeah,
we
don't
know how we're gonna get out of this. Uh this whole situation.
told
me that they were out in Bellevue to the girl very skimpy outfits going four more years, four more years. And they were still saying it after the elections. I mean they're still doing it now.
And
when you were saying, what's the motivation of these girls? Because he is so sexist. And I said, you know what it is when my daughter was in high school, I heard of an incident in which these girls were in a cinema giving head to like a bunch of boys, right? And I'm thinking at first, I thought, and what are they getting out of it?
I mean,
they weren't getting anything out of it. And then I thought they are looking for love and acceptance.
It's cool
with us, you know? Yeah. Not like these rabid, crazy butch of evidence. Oh, gosh, The world is definitely transitioning into something.
Let's
hope the birth pangs of something better, you know?
Yeah. I think we're all going to be poorer and um, and the world is interconnected and, and we have crises all over the place and even the most isolated rich place isn't going to be uh free forever. And I think covid if people think about it, this is what um, what it should make us think that's something that started in Wuhan when all over the place. And yes, poor places are going to have more mortality, but there's no gated community, There's no guards that are going to keep you safe forever.
Uh, the Mr trump aside, you know, that he got, you know, like lots and lots of drugs right away. We
all,
we all can't get that. But, and he was lucky
because he's obese and old. Yeah.
And
it's so random
people. I'm not sure if they know all the factors because why all of a sudden
there's a 19 year old that doesn't have a heart condition or anything drop dead. I know it's one in a million. But why does it even happen? They don't know.
It's
your more
humble, but we'll see. Hey I don't know if you've been to. When did we start talking?
Well
you're a very nice person.
And well one more question. How do you like living in Hawaii? Because I heard that it was the happiest place in the US? Oh
expensive. That
good. That's pretty good because when I used to watch household house hunters type shows the houses in Hawaii seemed shoot out of reach. Um Anyway.
Mhm. Stay safe
would be helpful.
All right. Take
care.
Hi.