Hi.
Mhm. Great how are you?
yeah this is um my second time doing this round but I did six and another round.
Ah See I haven't
had any any problems with people not showing up yet luckily but
yeah I don't I don't know I guess I'm just lucky.
Yeah. How long have you been on? Prolific?
I've been on it since august so Little. About three months for me.
All
I hate that. Hate that. I also found it through Reddit through the beer money part. Yeah pretty good definitely. The best uh best survey service I views the validate lee has been pretty good for me too.
It's one where you have to one of the ones where you do have to answer a short qualifying thing. But the qualification the qualifying questions only like maybe five minutes or less. And they either pay you We have $10 for 15 minutes, $30 for 40 minutes and $70 for an hour. And the they basically just want you to go over um like different websites and just give your opinion on it pretty much and see how you would navigate each website and then they just pay you.
I'm definitely the same way. It's just a lot more awkward over over the phone or recording videos of myself.
I think for me it's for some reason a lot of people in my generation just have trouble on the phone, I think we're just too too used to technology or having our parents do it for us just pretty bad, but.
Yeah, my my boyfriend is the same way. It was, it was hard to explain. Oh yeah, it's just uh it's just weird on the phone texting is easier.
absolutely. Oh where are you, where are you located?
I
was I'm in Hawaii right now but I normally live in Los Angeles.
well
where
were your,
where were your parents from?
Ah have you ever been?
but
mm. Yeah are you fluent now?
yeah
that's that's
like
oh yeah that's
absolutely,
well that's pretty good, that's pretty nice, definitely
horrible. Oh how was that, do you remember
get
him out of
that?
that's terrifying,
I
don't know.
yeah, wow, that's really, was that earlier in your time there or was that
well into
really sinks in after um after you actually experienced it
ha
ha no it was very very interesting for me to learn, I enjoyed it.
absolutely. Have you have you been back since then?
Absolutely.
absolutely
absolutely, it's just chaos right now it feels like
no no no okay
yeah yeah you really don't especially if it's um gosh I mean both sides things if things don't go the way trump side wants then going to be going to be crazy.
Absolutely.
how so
it
is
absolutely and I have no idea how it got to this point really where it's such a such a harsh line harsh division between uh the two the two parties, it doesn't feel like it was that way before, but maybe I was just too young to realize it, but now it just seems a lot worse.
Oh yeah, absolutely not, that's that's pretty worrisome, something I worry about in the future,
just
tell him
uh yep I know I know a couple of people who who probably uh one is in Chicago in a very nice area and it's my friend's parents but they got it from their parents and it's just appreciate it and it'll probably stay in the family which is very fortunate for them because it's so hard to get a house now, it seems
it will,
I like that though, that's pretty cute,
Oh yeah, goodness, I I live with my with my mom in Los Angeles, there's no way I'd be able to afford it on my own. Absolutely not.
No.
Yeah that's that's very that's a tough situation. Um I had a friend who had to leave well decided to leave her mom and all her siblings, this very tough decision but her mom is just highly abusive as a person and she ended up moving with her boyfriend and her younger sister who her mom decided to kick out of the house and they had to move all the way over to like there on the border of Kansas and Missouri and it's been a huge change for her, she's used to like a bigger city life and now she's in a very deep red area and uh she's she's just having a hard time there adjusting.
Why?
Yeah, absolutely, that's uh that's a little worrisome, there definitely don't bring up politics for my friend as well in Missouri uh especially abortions of massive topic there, very heated discussion and just religion in general, they're uh different types, I think she lives in a mostly catholic area and she's not a catholic, but
her
Yeah, her boyfriend is was a Jehovah's witness, so he's kind of he's no longer a Jehovah's witness, but it's kind of more used to heavy religious environment, but she's not.
Yeah, I think a lot of people do, I've seen a lot of people who lean rights solely for tax purposes and that kind of thing.
Oh yeah, that's another
big one,
yeah, that's that's my thing too, I don't I don't know if I could be a single issue voter, there's just so many things, yeah,
absolutely,
yeah I don't know how you uh how you record how you reckon with that your religion and then doing something that goes just so so much against it, I definitely couldn't I don't even know why you would want to target small businesses especially that seems so so wrong, those people aren't going to be able to rebuild really.
yep that's
so
unfortunate.
Yeah and now hawaii is um where we are, we're in L. A. Who were in Honolulu and it's just pretty pretty calm. The only only political thing that I've seen out here was like a few days before the election, there's a big like trump pickup truck saying they were driving down the street and uh that caused a massive commotion, Lots
of people.
yeah I don't get that. They're fighting lot, they're fighting very hard against
the results.
Thank
you.
Yeah that's that's my thought process. They just wanna they want some form of acceptance, some form of community and if they choose to hold views that benefit men more than men are more likely to be like well look at her she's she's that way and she's
special.
Absolutely.
I
yeah, I hope it's not going downhill. I have a hard time imagining things will return to how they were. Pre covid,
Exactly. And money is definitely not a cure or anything really.
The best
treatment
four. Very lucky.
And then Herman cain just poof. Also another old man with go to access but clearly it doesn't work for everyone.
Anyone
can have.
But
yep. No idea. And
the vaccine
knows.
We've been talking for about 20 a little over 28 minutes, so we're definitely good. Mhm.
All
So are you? I learned a good amount, which is always welcome for me.
It is very happy. It's very peaceful and
absolutely. I'd say it's just slightly under Los Angeles in terms of costs, but it's definitely expensive.
And yeah,
you to
you as well. I wish you all the best.
Okay.
You two
guys.