SPEAKER_L: 47 takes a flag at the end of the play.
SPEAKER_R: Hi,
SPEAKER_L: Hello?
SPEAKER_R: sorry I'm the Eagles and Steelers are about to end the game. And are you watching it?
SPEAKER_L: I actually am watching it. I just got to my computer maybe like 45 seconds ago.
SPEAKER_R: that is so funny. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_L: Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I was trying to keep the game cast up over here. Well good. So who are you rooting for?
SPEAKER_L: But actually I'm running, I'm a cowboys fan. So I get the steel. I hate both of them. But I'll root for the Steelers because the eagles are in their division. So.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. So I'm from pennsylvania originally and most of my friends are Eagles fan but my family Steelers fans. So I was not, I thought by the time we got to this I'd be good because we were up by so much and didn't expect
SPEAKER_L: Difficult
SPEAKER_R: to have a two point difference
SPEAKER_L: proportion.
SPEAKER_R: by four o'clock though.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It was 31 when I was getting food. It was maybe an hour 45 minutes to an hour ago. It was like 31-14. But
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I was by the time I have this conversation because we're
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: so far in the lead and not the case.
SPEAKER_L: two
SPEAKER_R: So
SPEAKER_L: They
SPEAKER_R: what?
SPEAKER_L: have a ball. So I mean that's the thing with the NFL's thing with the Cowboys last week they were down 41/14, the fourth quarter. They come back all the way to make it 41 38. They still lose. But that's how I wouldn't say every games like that. But a lot of them are, I mean all it takes is a few, they scored one touchdown, became 14 to 22. Obviously that's a big difference. But uh that's
SPEAKER_R: you come
SPEAKER_L: not the university. I am, I'm from Dallas lived here alive, so I grew up watching the cowboys, obviously me being 35 or 36 um when I started watching football is when they were, they won three super bowls in four years. So I'm thinking uh this is normal. It happens all the time. Yeah. And since that last Super Bowl against the Steelers in 95, man did anything since then. So as uh an adult, I haven't got to experience in that and I was 89 and 11 years old when they were winning the super bowls, I didn't fully grasp. You know, how hard is the, when I was like uh that's easy. Is there
SPEAKER_R: I got.
SPEAKER_L: a three and 4 years? Oh good.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's funny. Yeah. We we've always been Steelers fans. A lot of my friends are Eagles fans. So for Steelers you can always say oh well we have more super, you didn't have a Super Bowl until recently fans.
SPEAKER_L: that's what, that's what cowboy friends you know because we played them twice a year, you'll play in my once every four years. But that was always the thing that you never want a super bowl. They've been in like two of them before Number 1 1. But yeah they got there was a couple of years ago. They haven't did much since then either.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. And the cowboys, they're playing the Giants this afternoon a couple of minutes,
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: do they?
SPEAKER_L: actually it starts like 3 30
SPEAKER_R: Thank
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: you.
SPEAKER_L: one of the 3 30 games. Not At the top of the Hour three. It will be done by then.
SPEAKER_R: So what time is it in texas right now?
SPEAKER_L: It's 304 as we're an hour behind you.
SPEAKER_R: That's one up
SPEAKER_L: so before 25 or 30 year time.
SPEAKER_R: dr yeah, so I'm actually, I'm in north Carolina now, I'm not in pennsylvania but still on the East Coast. Yes.
SPEAKER_L: I'm guessing it's East Coast time in north Carolina eastern time. Okay. Whoa.
SPEAKER_R: I actually had this scheduled at 4:00 yesterday and the person didn't show up, so
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: I was
SPEAKER_L: it.
SPEAKER_R: well all registered for a few
SPEAKER_L: What? Right
SPEAKER_R: and I, yeah. So have you done this before?
SPEAKER_L: I have. This is actually before you can do it up to four times and then that's your limit and then they open it up to where you can do it six times. Although they still count your four. You can do a six more, You can do it twice. Actually did this yesterday At at three, I don't know, 5:00 my time. So six years. Um, they showed up. You showed up. So this will be my six, but I had a string there uh earlier this summer, I'd like three or four no shows in a role. You still get paid the you paid if you wait five minutes. I think it comes out to like 10% of what you would get like four times. But it was a pain because, you know, you kind of like stop your day down or kind of playing around it and then they don't show up. It
SPEAKER_R: We
SPEAKER_L: happened.
SPEAKER_R: just put
SPEAKER_L: I don't
SPEAKER_R: myself,
SPEAKER_L: know if you get penalized, right? Get penalized for not showing up. I don't know what they do. I
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: think they know
SPEAKER_R: know because
SPEAKER_L: it's hard to do that
SPEAKER_R: yeah, I think there was one time that I completely forgot about mine or like I didn't even see the message that they scheduled me um
SPEAKER_L: that happened to me before I I spent the late at night. I was already already went to bed and they sent the they sent the where they tell you your time. They sent that at 10 30 11 at night. I was already
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: in bed and they scheduled me for like seven a.m. Um I
SPEAKER_R: What?
SPEAKER_L: put the time and they say if you put the time down like you should be available even if it's 30 minutes before you to just be available. If you click the time I wanted pretty much since I work from home I can pretty much click anytime I'm available for anyone. Especially only takes 25 minutes. I technically missed that one. But any other ones I know that I have to do. I've never missed one of them. I don't think they really penalize you for it and they're not going to ask you why you miss, they don't really care. They'll just
SPEAKER_R: Do
SPEAKER_L: compensation
SPEAKER_R: it,
SPEAKER_L: person.
SPEAKER_R: Do you do it through prolific? I don't know if there's other sites that you can do it on? Yeah,
SPEAKER_L: Yes, I do this through prolific.
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: I don't, there's, I guess there's other sites you can do it on. I'm not sure.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. I came across prolific probably in january and I love it. I mean you can
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: make money on there.
SPEAKER_L: right. Oh yeah. I can't remember when, I can't remember if I've been using it. I've definitely been using this since january but I think it's been sometime last year, maybe october it was later last year. I can't remember how I came across it. Yeah, I
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: like it because you feel out because I've got other survey sites and they can kick you out. They screen you out pretty easily and they're a waste of time. Usually prolific. You fill out your profile, you keep it updated and pretty much any study that you receive as long as you get there in time. Because they go like that. I learned that the hard way um Like you're pretty much your screen for it, you'll be able to finish it because they only send them to, I mean they have extensive demographics. So a lot of these other survey sites you don't really fill out any information, You fill it out as you're going and I was screaming out like that and it's just
SPEAKER_R: You for that
SPEAKER_L: of time.
SPEAKER_R: And now my friends make fun of me. I've been doing surveys probably for 10 years now and they make fun of me. They will, how much money do you really make? But I think prolific, definitely out of all
SPEAKER_L: Two.
SPEAKER_R: the sights I've ever done. That's the one that you make the most in the shortest amount of time and it, because it's a variety, you could do something like this, you could do a two minute
SPEAKER_L: They had I think the longest one I did was it was like a 45 minute studying and a lot of times whenever they have the times. I think they said it's kind of an average of all the people taking it. Um The people is taking it because they give you at least if it's a 45 minute study they usually give you twice
SPEAKER_R: Bright.
SPEAKER_L: as long as whatever the study time is to be able to finish it. So you can reserve it. I can't do it right now. I'll come back to it.
SPEAKER_R: Eggs
SPEAKER_L: I have done that before where I reserve it you have like 10 minutes
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: to accept it. I think it gives you that because if you need to switch computers I've had it where because I see my normal laptop doesn't have a web cam for the webcam doesn't function that good. So if I see him use a webcam I can just as easily come over and switch to this. Or if I have it on a phone but you reserve your place I think for 10 minutes and I always serve it
SPEAKER_R: Nick
SPEAKER_L: and I was like down, it's already been like 15 minutes and it is time to go out and it releases it back. I
SPEAKER_R: G
SPEAKER_L: mean yeah it's not a full time job.
SPEAKER_R: one. All right.
SPEAKER_L: I mean I have known people, there's a guy he does a lot of because I did like focus groups used to be where you go in person. Well now they're all remote like you can actually make on their, you know you're an hour to two hours and you're making hundreds hundreds of dollars an hour at times. He made like you made like $47,000 in one year. I
SPEAKER_R: my gosh.
SPEAKER_L: mean you have to go to them. You have to be doing all the time. A lot of them after you did one another's one here. If you do one you can't go for another six months. Uh huh. There is a place uh that's actually kind of like this, it's called user testing. I don't know if you're familiar with.
SPEAKER_R: I think I have a lot but I don't know that I've used it a whole lot.
SPEAKER_L: and that is your testing out. Like They go through website, you scream the same way as this kind of accept your screening on the flies, are they? I mean you may not get any tests for some days. Like they have a you may get 50 screeners but you may not qualify for any of them. And you're just walking through, you have to talk while you're doing it, they're recording you you're just going through a lot of websites and you're testing them out what you do and don't like thing about that is sometimes they take about 10 minutes, 10 to 15 and they pay you like 10 bucks. So you're making 10 bucks every Roughly it's $60 an hour if you equate it out. So that was the first, the first day ever used, it was earlier this year, I made like $120. This from the first day.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my gosh
SPEAKER_L: Uh Yeah, that's not really nori's usually you want, I've known people who have made like $5200 every day. They pay you through paypal exactly on the dot on the second like seven days from when you record it. So she finished they at 3 11. You'll be paid through paypal next sunday at exactly 3 11 those paypal you But it's pretty cool. Um I really stopped doing the survey sites where they screen you out way too easy. It's and even if you get through it, sometimes it's 45 minutes and maybe you a dollar that's I asked not worth my time said.
SPEAKER_R: you men who let you work from home, did you work from home prior to Covid or is
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: this
SPEAKER_L: did look. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I didn't work from home. I have like here and there but not on a permanent basis like this. And that's how a lot of people are. They figured out their jobs can be done from home. They used to think the employers, whoever they work for kind of acted like it couldn't, but with today's technology, with today's technology it's not unless you're working like face like retail on the ground, stuff like that, preparing food, almost any job can be done remotely. Um Now sometimes the only thing about working from home is you are now dependent on
SPEAKER_R: nah.
SPEAKER_L: your internet service compared to your job is going to have like the high tier business speed so they can handle who knows how many computers. So I've seen people run into that problem there. Internet speeds not quite as fast. So whatever they're doing, the servers aren't working as well for them compared to work. But I enjoy working from home. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: So what is your job?
SPEAKER_L: let's sell insurance for
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: all state. Oh I mean pretty much and we don't have to, I mean there's a lot of companies out there, they don't have physical offices. They have
SPEAKER_R: Ryan.
SPEAKER_L: like a call. So, um, but anything I can do in the office, I can do here. And pretty much these days, even before Covid happened, there are less and less people actually going into office. It's physically for insurance purposes because anything can be done. I mean, all of these insurance companies now have given all the customers, the tools to do a lot of stuff on their own through the apps online. So it takes away the tedious little day to day stuff we have to do. But I mean there's not a whole lot of light. I've had State Farm Since I was 16 years old with my parents, then moved on to have my own policy. Uh, well, so far I've stepped in their office one time my whole life. Um That's a like there's really no reason for me if I have a question, I just call them and they can do it over the phone.
SPEAKER_R: My dad, he actually, my dad and my brother both worked for the same company. My brothers in Ohio and dad's in pennsylvania but
SPEAKER_L: thank you.
SPEAKER_R: they got rid of their lease for the office in pennsylvania because they're like,
SPEAKER_L: Good.
SPEAKER_R: so he got money to work from home and we'll continue doing that. So I think and that's small business insurance um so it's a little different, but I agree, I think we're realizing people can do stuff from home and why pay a lease on a building when your employees can work from home, so.
SPEAKER_L: No. Right, but all the costs they would save, you know obviously the lease on the building, the internet they have to pay for and I probably still have some servers of their own but its cost here and there add up to what they can save. Um I just know some companies I guess I guess they don't trust their employees to be able to work from home. Obviously there's any more distractions. They can't, I mean there is ways to keep tabs on uh we're not like this, but there's a lot of companies where you have to stay logged in, you have to stay active and they can come you here and there. But yeah, they're not physically there to see you. Uh But I mean that's some company like a call centre because I can tell like some of these focus groups, I do the people who screen you on the phone, you can tell they're working from home because even hear the background noise. Otherwise usually they have a headset on in their office so you're not hearing any background noise. You can still people working from home. But I do know who was an amazon. It actually did one of these studies earlier this year and I used to work for amazon or Apple and they said if if you're on the phone and any background noise that the customer can pick up, like you can be fired for that because they monitor almost every call like they're straight. I don't want any like kids screaming or tv or music is you have to be quiet area like they're really strict on people got fired left and right. Just for just for that. I guess you can see a company like Apple. I guess they want to keep the reputation that there I guess. You know like me personally, I don't care if I'm calling it as long as you help me with what I'm doing. I don't care if I hear background noise. Let's go back unless you start tending to the background always like if it's a kid and you and they say oh well hold on like that. Maybe then but otherwise I don't really care it.
SPEAKER_R: work, I'm in the school system and they want us
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: coming back, we're virtual right now our kids
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: are over
SPEAKER_L: yet?
SPEAKER_R: but they want us to come back November 16 because they don't want people working remotely over thanksgiving and traveling and A lot of people push back on the school board ended up changing that and deciding we don't have to come back until December seven, But that's one of those things where we've been working remotely this whole time and then suddenly, 15, they want you back in the building every single day because they don't want you to be traveling and doing things our work over the holiday week, so They got a lot of pushback on that and now we'll go back December seven and the kids are supposed to come back in January, but our kids in school in Texas right now for the moment
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So I think it's more of a, I'm not sure because I don't have kids, I'm just going by what I kind of see it's up to I think it's up to
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: love you
SPEAKER_L: broken in my school district, so they set their own rules. But for what? I'm seeing a lot of uh
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh what about
SPEAKER_L: moms
SPEAKER_R: you?
SPEAKER_L: and dads have their kids doing the virtual learning, but I think you can attend school if you want to, so I don't know how that all works. I know high school, the high school down the road for me um I see cars there every day. It seems like the parking lot isn't quite as full as it as it usually is, so I'm not sure the teachers parking lot is, so I'm not sure how all that works, like if you're gonna divide up, if you can do virtual and I don't know how the teachers uh balance set up. I think it should just be either all, it's just always be virtual I guess for right now, I don't know how the teachers balance it out. I have a couple of teachers friends. They say it's been stressful because they don't to teach kids for what we're doing right now is zoom and the parents are there. Like obviously I couldn't probably have learned like that
SPEAKER_R: No,
SPEAKER_L: when I was little. I could do it now. But especially kids that are 789 years old to learn through zoom and they're missing out on all the, you know, kids build themselves through interacting with other kids and that's been taken away. So yeah, they're missing all that experience. And I think colleges here obviously like college football still going on at uh, the capacity and the fans aren't as high. But I'm not sure if colleges, I know that the community calling system here in Dallas, they're all remote. I'm not sure if universities are remote or not. I think they are, but I'm not,
SPEAKER_R: Mhm Yeah, I know, I mean big 10 is supposed to come back, not next weekend,
SPEAKER_L: no
SPEAKER_R: but the following weekend, um so it's PAC 12, is that,
SPEAKER_L: there.
SPEAKER_R: is there in texas?
SPEAKER_L: Uh, any pac, 12 schools? No, that's all, that's
SPEAKER_R: Black
SPEAKER_L: all West coast. There's, there's colorado Because they've been expanded over the years. So they've added like Colorado, which was normally in their big 10 because big 10 impact 12 pulled out originally. I think they were from what I was hearing. They were expecting to be no college football. They wanted to kind of
SPEAKER_R: everyone
SPEAKER_L: work
SPEAKER_R: back out and
SPEAKER_L: every,
SPEAKER_R: then no one else did.
SPEAKER_L: you know, what else did they wanted to kind of be the forefront when they saw no one else backed out. They change their minds very quickly because a lot of the players were there pushing back on like why everybody else playing. So yeah, they, I think we'll see if it last, but I think the big 10 is going to be was eight games. All role no by all conference games, Then the Big 10 Championship game. So it seems like it would be all on schedule I guess. Bye.
SPEAKER_R: now um they are, they're good to go, but pennsylvania, the governor just said that fans can attend games at the high school level and other colleges, But pence opted into the big 10 rules. So now fans are like, well our governor said that we can have fans there so who knows what, it'll be weird regardless. It's gonna be weird. Penn State plays, Ohio State supposed to be a white out and there's going to be zero fan, there's gonna be a cardboard cut out. Like it's just, it's weird. It's a weird here. So we'll see.
SPEAKER_L: I mean that's, that's the thing with it looks like on here, there's some they're scattered fans on the Pittsburgh game and,
SPEAKER_R: they have 5000 there
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: out
SPEAKER_L: like the
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: eagles obviously the same state. They they came out earlier this summer, I think they got on it like july august, they said no fans at all for eagles Phillies and they, I guess Pittsburgh wasn't a part of that. It was just a silly thing. So yeah, Philly plays in front of no fans, Dallas, the cowboys play with the scattered, they hold about 90,000 or whatever. I think they're scattered at 15 to 20,000 I think.
SPEAKER_R: Tell me,
SPEAKER_L: And I think it's only like the first is Dallas has four levels of their stadium. I'm gonna think just they open up the first couple levels, may be only the first level because there's no reason to have anything up there. They have to staff the concessions at the top if you wanted to open up those. But it's hard to tell because I don't show a lot of shots that you can see if the full stadiums open. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Look
SPEAKER_L: It's been weird like every in college football it's I mean obviously it's different than pro. It's about the fans, they create the atmosphere and without them there like so I'm gonna texas longhorns fan so that takes all your games always played. It was played yesterday at the Cotton Bowl and and there's always like split right down the middle. Oh you fans in Texas. I mean that's like they've upgraded about 90,000 people. And yesterday watching it was just random people scattered throughout like because that's a part of the state fair of Texas that's going on right when the game is and
SPEAKER_R: About
SPEAKER_L: the state fair was canceled months ago. It's like it'll be weird you know like Ohio state you know their stadiums coast 100,000 people. I don't know if they're going to have fans were like stadiums like those in the big 10 michigan
SPEAKER_R: wrap.
SPEAKER_L: michigan state game will be weird because I think it's not even gonna be played on the regular day which is like the end of november. Yeah
SPEAKER_R: Exactly,
SPEAKER_L: speak. I mean it's kind of become more like because I'm a fan of all the sports like NBA doesn't play NBA hockey, baseball and playing in front of any fans. Uh It's been very weird for sports
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, we'll all miss in Alabama. I was laughing because I'm watching the game and there's so many students all clumped together
SPEAKER_L: I'm here
SPEAKER_R: and I mean, I'm sure those fans were losing their mind because they never expected to do so well for so long into that game. But it is hard because how do you, how do you keep fans separated?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. It'll be
SPEAKER_R: How,
SPEAKER_L: hard because you can separate them, like you give them all tickets, this is where you sit. But how many others are they going to if you feel like just go walk over here, I'm gonna come sit with these people will like it it
SPEAKER_R: Proud.
SPEAKER_L: would be hard. I'm guessing a lot of people, they're just kind of follow, most people follow the rules of the students. There's or not, They're young 18 1920 years old. They're not really worried about this, they will come together if they want to. W
SPEAKER_R: And then a big thing and when the excitement that high and you're all you want to do is be high fiving people and stuff. So it's just I don't know, I don't I don't know what to think about this year. I think in March I was like, yeah, this won't last that long. And now we're
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: in
SPEAKER_L: what
SPEAKER_R: october and I
SPEAKER_L: and
SPEAKER_R: I really don't
SPEAKER_L: nothing
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: mm nothing's really changed since March. Like if you think about it pretty much at the same level doing the same things, I'm like uh like you I thought it was in March like okay maybe by april this will be forgotten. Yeah, we're here in october and it was still doing the same stuff.
SPEAKER_R: And even just like planning for holidays and traveling and stuff, I'm thinking I safely fly home. Do I need to drive? So I don't know, it's just even kind of navigating that. Is it safe to be in an airport? Are people going to start flying again? So I don't, who knows. It's funny because the very first conversation I had with someone on here I think was in March or april is like right when this all started and I had gone back to pennsylvania just spontaneously. I was like I'm not going to be paying for group, I'll go stay with my parents and stuff. And that was like right, when this all began and at that point it was kind of like who knows what will happen and now seven months later still having
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: the same conversation.
SPEAKER_L: had a conversation like, right, when this happened someone some uh she was from florida, she was like a student in college, so she was young twenties and it was like just happened, they were still open though. Um but everything was, this is when everything, it was like a month daily update, Oh okay, this is closing her, this is happening,
SPEAKER_R: exact.
SPEAKER_L: has kind of settled in now. My yes, people are more used to it, but then it was like, it seemed like every hour or something was happening, this was canceled, that was cancelled, postponed. I can't really, everything kind of got the ball rolling when the NBA cancel or suspended their season back in large. Uh
SPEAKER_R: When March Madness can. Well, that's when
SPEAKER_L: Madness can so they were going to try to hold a kind of what the NBA is doing now and just open it up to just media members. The teams I couldn't coordinate that on on the fly I guess in hindsight. They could have pushed the tournament back a little because the NBA started up in july but at that time nobody really knew what they were doing. Like the NFL they've had months and months to prepare and they're still having games. It seems like every week it's being postponed. This is being moved on that day. Yeah. So is in the N. B. A. Player
SPEAKER_R: The world
SPEAKER_L: in a bubble hockey playing the bubble. The NFL didn't in baseball didn't so I think we're good on time. But. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: right. Well
SPEAKER_L: Right.
SPEAKER_R: I think we're at our 25 so I hope you get
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: to
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: go enjoy how boys they can
SPEAKER_L: also
SPEAKER_R: they
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: can win the Qantas out. I'll say I'm not going to root for the Giants tonight. Um
SPEAKER_L: brutal. They said that if they can't beat the Giant or if there is one of the worst teams in football and they have no
SPEAKER_R: Group.
SPEAKER_L: there's our hope. But that would even be further down the No. Because then they really tired what the Giants record was that one in four? Well let's see what they
SPEAKER_R: All
SPEAKER_L: do. Hopefully they went, it was nice.
SPEAKER_R: enjoy the game. Thanks to the general.