Hi,
sorry I'm the Eagles and Steelers are about to end the game. And are you watching it?
that is so funny. Yeah, I
I was trying to keep the game cast up over here. Well good. So who are you rooting for?
Uh huh. So I'm from pennsylvania originally and most of my friends are Eagles fan but my family Steelers fans. So I was not, I thought by the time we got to this I'd be good because we were up by so much and didn't expect
to have a two point difference
by four o'clock though.
Yeah, I was by the time I have this conversation because we're
so far in the lead and not the case.
So
what?
you come
I got.
Yeah. Yeah. It's funny. Yeah. We we've always been Steelers fans. A lot of my friends are Eagles fans. So for Steelers you can always say oh well we have more super, you didn't have a Super Bowl until recently fans.
Mhm. And the cowboys, they're playing the Giants this afternoon a couple of minutes,
do they?
Thank
you.
So what time is it in texas right now?
That's one up
dr yeah, so I'm actually, I'm in north Carolina now, I'm not in pennsylvania but still on the East Coast. Yes.
I actually had this scheduled at 4:00 yesterday and the person didn't show up, so
I was
well all registered for a few
and I, yeah. So have you done this before?
We
just put
myself,
I
don't
know because
yeah, I think there was one time that I completely forgot about mine or like I didn't even see the message that they scheduled me um
And
What?
Do
it,
Do you do it through prolific? I don't know if there's other sites that you can do it on? Yeah,
I
yeah. I came across prolific probably in january and I love it. I mean you can
make money on there.
Yeah.
You for that
And now my friends make fun of me. I've been doing surveys probably for 10 years now and they make fun of me. They will, how much money do you really make? But I think prolific, definitely out of all
the sights I've ever done. That's the one that you make the most in the shortest amount of time and it, because it's a variety, you could do something like this, you could do a two minute
Bright.
Eggs
to
Nick
G
one. All right.
my gosh.
I think I have a lot but I don't know that I've used it a whole lot.
Oh my gosh
you men who let you work from home, did you work from home prior to Covid or is
this
Yeah.
nah.
So what is your job?
All
Ryan.
My dad, he actually, my dad and my brother both worked for the same company. My brothers in Ohio and dad's in pennsylvania but
they got rid of their lease for the office in pennsylvania because they're like,
so he got money to work from home and we'll continue doing that. So I think and that's small business insurance um so it's a little different, but I agree, I think we're realizing people can do stuff from home and why pay a lease on a building when your employees can work from home, so.
work, I'm in the school system and they want us
coming back, we're virtual right now our kids
are over
but they want us to come back November 16 because they don't want people working remotely over thanksgiving and traveling and A lot of people push back on the school board ended up changing that and deciding we don't have to come back until December seven, But that's one of those things where we've been working remotely this whole time and then suddenly, 15, they want you back in the building every single day because they don't want you to be traveling and doing things our work over the holiday week, so They got a lot of pushback on that and now we'll go back December seven and the kids are supposed to come back in January, but our kids in school in Texas right now for the moment
I
love you
Uh huh what about
you?
No,
Mhm Yeah, I know, I mean big 10 is supposed to come back, not next weekend,
but the following weekend, um so it's PAC 12, is that,
is there in texas?
Black
everyone
back out and
then no one else did.
now um they are, they're good to go, but pennsylvania, the governor just said that fans can attend games at the high school level and other colleges, But pence opted into the big 10 rules. So now fans are like, well our governor said that we can have fans there so who knows what, it'll be weird regardless. It's gonna be weird. Penn State plays, Ohio State supposed to be a white out and there's going to be zero fan, there's gonna be a cardboard cut out. Like it's just, it's weird. It's a weird here. So we'll see.
they have 5000 there
out
of
Tell me,
Look
About
wrap.
Exactly,
Yeah, we'll all miss in Alabama. I was laughing because I'm watching the game and there's so many students all clumped together
and I mean, I'm sure those fans were losing their mind because they never expected to do so well for so long into that game. But it is hard because how do you, how do you keep fans separated?
How,
Proud.
And then a big thing and when the excitement that high and you're all you want to do is be high fiving people and stuff. So it's just I don't know, I don't I don't know what to think about this year. I think in March I was like, yeah, this won't last that long. And now we're
in
october and I
I really don't
know.
And even just like planning for holidays and traveling and stuff, I'm thinking I safely fly home. Do I need to drive? So I don't know, it's just even kind of navigating that. Is it safe to be in an airport? Are people going to start flying again? So I don't, who knows. It's funny because the very first conversation I had with someone on here I think was in March or april is like right when this all started and I had gone back to pennsylvania just spontaneously. I was like I'm not going to be paying for group, I'll go stay with my parents and stuff. And that was like right, when this all began and at that point it was kind of like who knows what will happen and now seven months later still having
the same conversation.
exact.
When March Madness can. Well, that's when
The world
right. Well
I think we're at our 25 so I hope you get
to
go enjoy how boys they can
they
can win the Qantas out. I'll say I'm not going to root for the Giants tonight. Um
Group.
All
enjoy the game. Thanks to the general.