SPEAKER_L: Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Oh. Yeah. Okay. Right. All right okay. Okay. Yeah. But yeah maybe. Mhm. I'm making people. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah I mean they don't like they are specific for the job Even running definitely. So I think so it also be looking to be allowed to learn for next week. I'm the lucky friend. Okay. Yeah. Yeah I want to I don't know that. I don't know I love you. Yeah. Yeah. Uh What is it a completely done? Mhm. Mhm. You don't want to get specific hey look these people. Yeah. Yeah or they are yeah sure. Mhm. Okay. Mhm mm. Okay. Absolutely. Mhm. So they, hello?
SPEAKER_R: Hello, how are you?
SPEAKER_L: Kids can you hear me?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, can you hear me?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah you're dead. Hello? I'm
SPEAKER_R: so are you from?
SPEAKER_L: in California.
SPEAKER_R: Nice. I'm in florida, so I opposite size.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah yeah so it must be what three p.m. four p.m.
SPEAKER_R: or
SPEAKER_L: Oh I see I see so
SPEAKER_R: like what like out there so
SPEAKER_L: oh I Give Me 1 2nd. Hello? Okay.
SPEAKER_R: can you hear me? Nice? Like 1:00 or so out there. You just finished up lunch?
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah yeah it's around one p.m. She just had lunch. Uh Yeah so far friday it doesn't seem to be too bad working from home.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Working from home is good, that's for sure.
SPEAKER_L: How was your day so far?
SPEAKER_R: pretty good. I get up pretty early on Fridays because they go out and do like some volunteer work and then yeah just kind of spent some of the day around the house so
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: nothing to
SPEAKER_L: you had a pretty long day by now? Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm usually kind of worn out by the end of friday.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah I mean that's understandable.
SPEAKER_R: Oh so what do you do?
SPEAKER_L: So I'm gonna be a c student. Um I'm in my fifth year now. I studied engineering so yeah I work mainly on water and those kind of things so fully dynamics. So droplets water paint those kinds of things. Um Yeah what do you do?
SPEAKER_R: Um I work for myself so I sell real estate and you know obviously do a little bit of like prolific and just like here little like hodgepodge things here and there sort of and then um my husband also like a real estate photographer so he kinda like we both work for ourselves so we do a lot of like just sort of trading off time and seeing who's at home at what time.
SPEAKER_L: Yes A bus of your own. That must be fun. Huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: it is until like, you know the market's like crashing and things are lying that you don't really have a paycheck unless you make it. So
SPEAKER_L: Yes I recently especially in the last 3 4 months must have been different than usual. So how is the situation in florida? Is the state open and everyone's going out or is it,
SPEAKER_R: it is, that's why I like our numbers are skyrocketing because there's no like restrictions or anything,
SPEAKER_L: The internet.
SPEAKER_R: it's just everything is open as normal and it's crazy because Yeah, the numbers are, and we're having like 10-12,000 cases every day coming up.
SPEAKER_L: yeah in florida is pretty big population wise but still it was I was I was looking at it and it seems to me that florida, California um texas, these are some of the states that are going up now, it seems like the new york days are over there, they're very well relatively uh but yeah we'll see.
SPEAKER_R: which is funny because when new york first had their big like influx of people getting it, florida actually wouldn't let people from new york in that opposite the borders and was like turning them away
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: and like
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: all the states should be blocking us because we're crazy here.
SPEAKER_L: mhm. So how did they enforce it is it's like state party right? How could they do that? It's like
SPEAKER_R: They
SPEAKER_L: under
SPEAKER_R: basically just have police on all the borders and when you got to the border, you had to like show your license. And if you didn't have a florida license, you had explained like where you were going or if you owned a second house. Like I knew a lady who had just bought a house here and she didn't have a florida license yet, but she had to like call me as her realtor and justify to him. But like, yes, she doesn't actually own a house here. So, uh,
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: it's great. It was crazy. I mean, they stopped doing it now because I'm sure that got
SPEAKER_L: remember.
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: No
SPEAKER_R: there isn't,
SPEAKER_L: it's so ironic
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's not
SPEAKER_L: obviously.
SPEAKER_R: worth my time and money and everything to put people on the borders.
SPEAKER_L: they should put the fearful and bothered to not let anyone out now.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, pretty much you stay here until it's gone.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah for us the same like we have been trying to work from home so I do research for my PTSD And we have been trying to work from home since March three or 4th week it's so much difficult to work from home because when you're not used to it because in school, you have office, there are other students who are working, so you look at them and you're like, okay, I should be working. That Rome you work for an hour. And they're like, okay, I think that's enough for today, Maybe not far from tomorrow. It took a while, like almost a month to get used to it, but now it seems like it will be the new norm because for the fall they decided to keep it uh online everything. And if you can work from home work from home. Yeah, it's very difficult to, I don't know how those things because I find to graduate um in spring, but everything is so slow down. I feel like, oh maybe what if I won't be able to progress enough to graduate then, do I extend? And if I extend what happens to everything, and there is uh like the job market is not doing well as well. So uh it's tricky situation to be in.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, very much. I graduated with my undergrad in 2004 and there was a very similar like there was a big like dropping jobs. And I remember thinking the same thing like, oh great, I'm all done with school now, how would I do
SPEAKER_L: So
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: how is uh so you're in like a big city in florida?
SPEAKER_R: Well yeah, I live right outside of Jacksonville, so like Jackson pretty big city, but like I live in like a little small town outside of it, like 30 minutes west.
SPEAKER_L: Said housing market, why is it you deal in Jacksonville and nearby suburbs or something like that? Yeah. Yeah. I went to florida once for a conference. Um but I was in Fort Lauderdale and I visited Miami in that part of the state. It's pretty relaxed. I like
SPEAKER_R: it's pretty
SPEAKER_L: my,
SPEAKER_R: down there too, like it's like that's a gorgeous part of the state just with the clear blue water
SPEAKER_L: he didn't
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: want
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: to.
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's expensive and it's nice.
SPEAKER_L: Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, I was, I was telling my friend, I was there with some of my friends and I was telling them, oh, I love this state. I I think I should live here. And they were like, man, you're getting old. This is, It's usually known for that. And I'm like no, I like it. I don't want to be somewhere where it's cold, freezing -20°.. This is nice. Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, I thought the same thing before, like I haven't lived here my whole life, I've only lived here for like five years.
SPEAKER_L: I see.
SPEAKER_R: And um I used to live up in north Carolina and I remember when I came down and checked it out and I was like, oh, it's gorgeous, I want to
SPEAKER_L: no,
SPEAKER_R: be there
SPEAKER_L: no.
SPEAKER_R: for him. It's a lot hotter than I thought it was gonna be. It's hot here. It's like 100° from March through like almost november. It's so
SPEAKER_L: my God, is it so Jacksonville? I I don't know. Is it humid or is it uh dry?
SPEAKER_R: yeah, it's very human and like
SPEAKER_L: that's
SPEAKER_R: you wake up in the morning and you walk outside and it's just like thick and hits you in the face like it's not fun.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like in California where I live, it's the central valley. So since its valley, it's still very hot, but it's very, very hard. So if you take a shower you come outside, you feel cool. But I bet if it's helmet then you come out of shower and you're sweating again because it's a
SPEAKER_R: pretty much like fuck outside. You're like, yeah it's like beating up on your forehead.
SPEAKER_L: And 100 for us, like the dry heat is different from 100 for you. England is not bad yet. I mean it's very bad, but it's still right, so you can stay inside and go out in the evening and it's not bad. That
SPEAKER_R: My
SPEAKER_L: move.
SPEAKER_R: parents still live out and like Arizona for a little while. He said the same thing that like the heat, there just wasn't the same as the heat. Uh huh.
SPEAKER_L: It's uh, it's funny because people are like, oh, Arizona is very hot. Central value of California is hot, Nevada is hot, but I'm in florida is different heart. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: is a different hot. It sucks.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. The good part is that you don't have to deal with, you know, cleaning out your driveway from the snow and everything right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. We never gets now.
SPEAKER_L: Changing their tires have, we've entered to the other, this is keeping the snow chain and you don't have to do that. So.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah we get no snow. I saw two Snowflakes 1 Year. But like that's it like there's just no snow here and I'm not sure. They wouldn't know what to do with snow if they got it. Like I think the whole town might like freeze up and shut down so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's understandable because they're not used. So they'll be like, oh, we, we should just stay home. Yeah. How is the, like in north Carolina there? It's not as hot right where you were before.
SPEAKER_R: Kind of they get all four seasons there. So like it gets hot for like a month or so but it's not like crazy and it kind of like comes and goes so like it'll be you know 100 degrees for like three or four days and then it will cool back down to like 80. So it's not um wow.
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: And they did get a little bit of snow there which was kind of like they would get enough snow that like it was pretty and then it would melt the next day. So like.
SPEAKER_L: prepare with your things, right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah like you never had to like shovel out the walkway or anything like it wasn't anything crazy.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Because here in central Valley, we don't get snow at all. But I was in an exchange program in winter in the midwest in indiana. And the snow is good for a week. It felt really good because you are looking at all white and it looks very pretty. But after a week I'm like, now I can hear that
SPEAKER_R: different.
SPEAKER_L: you want to get out. You have to plan everything, the code, the gloves and everything. You don't want to leave anything open. Like this is a nightmare because now here when I want to go out, I just go out.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah. It's definitely different. I don't think I would ever want to live anywhere that you get a lot of snow. And my aunt lives up in New Hampshire and she was telling me one day that like a couple of years ago that she had just installed some heaters on her roof so she could turn it on to like melt the ice because she got tired of having to go up on the roof to like shovel it. Like I would never live anywhere that you have to shovel your roof like that's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: And there are people living in Canada's I guess there they get used to and I Yeah. How far is the beach from where you live? Is it closer to the beach on the other side of Jacksonville?
SPEAKER_R: Um yeah, it's on the other side, so I have to go through Jacksonville to get to it, but it still only like 45 minutes.
SPEAKER_L: Okay. So it's it's not bad like if you want.
SPEAKER_R: Like I go out there all the time for like, you know, a few hours like obviously a day trip please.
SPEAKER_L: And uh is it similar to the one in the south in Miami or is it?
SPEAKER_R: No, the water is not nearly as clear as the water is like in the south in Miami and Fort Lauderdale and Palm Beach. West Palm Beach. Like that's definitely where like the pretty water is. It's more like that typical mucky atlantic ocean water up. No, not as fun, but it's still the beach, so.
SPEAKER_L: Well, yeah, I mean for us it's like two hours. Thanks. Yes, san Francisco end of the varia is about two hours, two hours and a half. So yeah, that's and role is still very good and but no mountains though because yeah,
SPEAKER_R: I miss the mountains. That was one thing I did like about north Carolina. I lived right in the middle of the state. So it was like two hours from the beach and like three hours from the mountains. Like I
SPEAKER_L: the,
SPEAKER_R: could go anywhere. It was like a great location to kind of like if I wanted to take a weekend trip I could go to either.
SPEAKER_L: north Carolina has a lot of mountains that fail is there? And
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The Blue Ridge Mountains go right through there.
SPEAKER_L: yeah. Yeah, so that's good. Did you ever visit California or uh
SPEAKER_R: I haven't, The furthest I've been is I went to Las Vegas once, but that
SPEAKER_L: for
SPEAKER_R: was
SPEAKER_L: now
SPEAKER_R: something I left the East Coast for
SPEAKER_L: las Vegas is very close like. Yeah, it's about a couple of hours from California.
SPEAKER_R: Nice. Yeah, my friends and I went there when I graduated from my undergrad. You
SPEAKER_L: So the
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: usual
SPEAKER_R: that?
SPEAKER_L: las Vegas trip. Huh?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, which is funny because none of us are really like big gamblers, but we just wanted to like go do something that we would never normally do. So it was fun just to go there.
SPEAKER_L: I went to last week. I I mean I'm not used to gambling either, but I I went there once. I'm like, okay, this is it. I was there in the new year and it was, it was pretty much fun but like I don't want to live here because I do it every day.
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah, I don't think I never want to live there either. That's a little much
SPEAKER_L: because they have a school University of Nevada las Vegas and it's right by the strip um one of my friend was like, imagine if you were studying here, you
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: could come here every day.
SPEAKER_R: It would take you like 15 years to get through college
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: if you thought cutting at home was hard. Like
SPEAKER_L: And
SPEAKER_R: I can't imagine coming near the strip.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, so like every day, like as soon as it gets like dark, you'll leave everything and just go there and keep wandering around.
SPEAKER_R: Uh huh. That's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: So how uh how uh time consuming is work usually do you have like a fixed time like when you start working or is it more freelancing style that you do when you need to?
SPEAKER_R: There's a little more freelance because I got two small kids, so like I sort of try to adjust my schedule around, like obviously my husband, I kind of try to like come and go so that like one of us is always here. Um But yeah which makes like my schedule not really fixed very much unfortunately. So I kind of do a lot of work at night, like I usually stay up pretty late trying to get things done after everybody goes to bed.
SPEAKER_L: Right. Yeah. But I guess you can stay with your kids, so that's good. No, like you don't have to leave them a child care or something.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah because I had to work from home job before that I was like a database administrator for a non profit, which that was, I did it for like five years and it took a little while to adjust to working at home, like you said like I would like be like I've been working and I was like a quandary here, don't make a sandwich. But yeah I liked it. But then I didn't like the fact that you know once my kids started getting a little older it was hard to manage You know being able to focus from like 8-5 and care of them. So I was like all right I think I need to find something different that I can make money and still a little more flexibility because they were very Rigid on you will work 8-5 and we don't kids in the background and whatever and I was like all right. So I decided to do something else.
SPEAKER_L: Well as long as you like it, it must be fun to meet a lot of new people from different background, different places different. Right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it is. I've always been interested in like because I got my under graduate and sociology so like I love um you know just different people, different cultures, different everything. So it's like it's fun to sort of learn everybody's story and where they're going what they're doing.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So do your kids uh did your kids started school or not yet?
SPEAKER_R: Look um my oldest is supposed to start kindergarten in the fall.
SPEAKER_L: Oh I see.
SPEAKER_R: But um yeah, I don't know what we're doing with that right now. Like I wanna do online or in person I feel nervous about in person around here so probably some sort of I'm like school.
SPEAKER_L: because I was talking to one of my friend he teaches in school and they were saying they were trying to do uh like online you said every kid has an ipad and they get it for that duration of time. Let's say they get it from 9 to 12 and then they can do the video lecture or something like that. Good because with kids started it more difficult than us because if I am taking a lecture I know okay one p.m. I have a lecture and I can just log in. Or for kids it's it's tricky because they feel home right because they're in home so they don't feel like they're in school.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah and to get a five year old to like sit down and just like focus on yeah teacher they've done it before so like it isn't anything crazy but it still seems like, I don't know, I don't know how I'm gonna do it.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I was gonna say that that it makes the job of the parents more difficult. Good you'll know how is it to be a teacher? Yeah. Yeah. Then because the teacher has to manage more kids. But yeah also I think the kids there, they listen more to teacher from their parents because they are well
SPEAKER_R: Your
SPEAKER_L: not yeah.
SPEAKER_R: parents? Oh yeah. It's exhausting that. I worry about that too. Like am I even gonna be like effective or is he just gonna be like whatever. I'm glad I do what I want. Am I gonna so far behind in school? I
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: don't know.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, so I guess yeah, since it's just starting, so it's not that bad because maybe hopefully by next year it'll be better. Uh huh. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: I'm really hoping vaccine comes out soon. I feel like when the vaccine comes out I'll feel like better about sending him to be a person because I feel like we've been lucky that we haven't gotten it yet. But I feel like the odds are like yeah, everything.
SPEAKER_L: You know I mean Jacksonville is a big, even it's in the junction of the interstates I think. Right.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, that's right up towards Georgia.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah and there is another like it's also a big city so tricky. I mean by now there's probably some cases there so uh
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. A lot like I didn't feel that worried for a while because in my county like we don't go into Jacksonville too often. So in my county it really seemed to be restricted mostly to like senior centers. That's where all the cases were. So I'm like, oh no big deal. We go to the grocery store. Everything is fine now that they've opened everything up. It's everywhere. Like there's been reports that like one of our favorite restaurants of a server coming down with it. Great. So how many people did that server see? And you know it's spreading just so much faster than I'm like, yeah, I'm gonna like even in my own county now, I don't know about all this.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, I feel the same as here when it started new york was so bad that California was doing a little better and my he was uh like maybe 10 cases and all of them were in a health clinic, so But now it was 10, I remember like a month and a half ago nights like 2000 and it's like It's a relatively small county, like maybe 200,000 people in total. Uh We're like oh now it seems I guess they're doing more deaths so that's good. But the cases are increasing uh since they don't know anything about the virus itself, they know only a little bit they even they don't know what to advise the best, the best they are saying is that okay staying at home quarantine but that's not the solution.
SPEAKER_R: you can't stay there forever and like a small business owner, I have to make money at some point. and considering that one little $1,200 check, yeah. Isn't really like paying our bills for free.
SPEAKER_L: All right. And it's like okay this is once and now just stay home for four months. Uh Makes sense. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah it doesn't really cut it like That, barely like going there's four of us. So we got like $3400 that didn't even cover like a full month of bills for mortgage, health insurance, everything else like. Yeah thanks for the three quarter of a month basically. But I need more money. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: our people buying houses at this time or now because they are kind of scared.
SPEAKER_R: it's slowed down a lot but surprisingly there are still like transactions every day like there are people,
SPEAKER_L: Thanks.
SPEAKER_R: you know the people that are working at home or still have their jobs like they're still looking for houses. So like it's definitely I'm not working nearly as much as I was but
SPEAKER_L: You know I
SPEAKER_R: I'm
SPEAKER_L: can't
SPEAKER_R: still working
SPEAKER_L: afford for
SPEAKER_R: at golf.
SPEAKER_L: prices. Yeah because I know here uh I was just looking one day and I saw that most of the realtor they were doing the houses like house visits but everything virtual. So that yeah so they'll let you visit virtually and then I'm like if I am buying a house I would maybe wait a couple of months and then do it. But
SPEAKER_R: I would never personally by something that I hadn't walked into because I mean there's a lot
SPEAKER_L: there
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: are
SPEAKER_R: back,
SPEAKER_L: good.
SPEAKER_R: like it could smell, you know, there could be things that you can't see that you want to look a little closer at or that, you know, I mean, I've gone in and done those virtual showings where like, I have somebody facetime or whatever and I'm going around like showing them, but I may have missed something, I may not have looked down in the corner and or the whole there or something. Yeah, there's no way I would ever buy a house without having walked through myself at some point.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it's it's amazon style I guess you just look everything and get it and then say it. I'm very surprised that it's it's not completely shut down. So I mean that's good But people are still buying houses. It
SPEAKER_R: Really, what is going on?
SPEAKER_L: I have an interesting question. Do did the price reduce her as the price? Same as it was before? I
SPEAKER_R: It,
SPEAKER_L: know that.
SPEAKER_R: it just started reducing. Um actually started noticing it in my own neighborhood. That so the value of my house had gone up a lot in the five years that we've been here. And then I just noticed that I feel like the value of my house has probably come down like 10%,,
SPEAKER_L: No. So,
SPEAKER_R: which kind of sucks. But um you know, it's nothing crazy because Florida got hit hard in like in 2008 when they had that big like
SPEAKER_L: I mean,
SPEAKER_R: housing recession, there are foreclosures everywhere and we certainly haven't felt that yet, but I definitely have seen it starting to like pull back a little bit. It's certainly more like a buyer's market. Like they kind of have the upper hand that you know, if a seller needs to get rid of their house
SPEAKER_L: In the
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: world
SPEAKER_R: what
SPEAKER_L: war,
SPEAKER_R: they can get off or. Oh
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. I know the interest rates have gone down significantly. Maybe that's uh like incentive for them to buy a house at this time. Ah
SPEAKER_R: and everything is definitely in the buyer's court right now.
SPEAKER_L: yeah, So in in in the usual market, it's like 50 50 or 60 14 realtors favor what is the usual uh uh
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: like who who bargains more basically?
SPEAKER_R: like the buyer or the seller or it kind of varies so like obviously right now the buyer has more power and then like when, when there's a lot of like inventory and like prices are going up, then the seller has more power. So like they can say, you know, no, we're only
SPEAKER_L: It is
SPEAKER_R: taking this or like so yeah, it kind of just varies based on like how the market is sort of like reacting. But typically the realtor really is just sort of like the in between person.
SPEAKER_L: you asked?
SPEAKER_R: You're like some guidance to my buyers or sellers. But like I can't tell them oh, you should like reject this or accept this forever because yeah, I don't want them to like accept or reject something and then have it like, you know, if they reject it and then they don't get another offer for like six months and they're gonna
SPEAKER_L: Being
SPEAKER_R: be like, why did you tell me to reject that? So
SPEAKER_L: right. Yeah. And same with the seller that you don't want to do that either. Okay. Yeah, that's good to know because I mean eventually, hopefully I'll get a house and then Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: buying a house is a good thing. It's like your first step towards like you know eventual retirement because you kind of need to have a house to retire so our house to retire.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. So like your house's value decreased, but you probably don't care because you'll stay there anyway.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah I'm going to ride it out for a while so like I'm not in a huge rush to sell, just I always keep an eye on my own house, just kind of see where we are.
SPEAKER_L: mm hmm. Do you, do you like if you get a chance similar house but cheaper, would you change or would you still stay in the house? You'll are now? Mhm.
SPEAKER_R: I think it depends because I mean help sell this one at a loss and like you know that's sort of like makes me a little less wanting to like jump into something else. But yeah I mean I always kind of look at obviously like what's out there sort of figure that they found something like I feel like my next house, I really want like a house with land and sort of like water on it if it is like even like a little pond or whatever. But right now I live in a neighborhood where I can basically like reach out my window and touch my neighbors. Uh Yeah. I don't like how close we are. Like I think I always sort of look at like something bigger nicer.
SPEAKER_L: I see, I see. I mean, yeah, here in California, the houses are I guess a little further uh because of the land, I don't, especially in Central Valley in the very, it's like you're saying they are very close to each other, but in the valley they have like old american houses where you have the all the space to yourself.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah. No, we're packed in like sardines. Like they built many houses they could in this neighborhood.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Okay. So do they have like that schools in that neighborhood? Are is that why you're,
SPEAKER_R: That's why we chose it is like we knew like we like the school system and everything and making sure that it would be like somewhere we wanted to stay for a while.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, that sounds good. Yeah. Well it was nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. You still have a fun.