Hello, how are you?
Yeah, can you hear me?
so are you from?
Nice. I'm in florida, so I opposite size.
or
like what like out there so
can you hear me? Nice? Like 1:00 or so out there. You just finished up lunch?
Yeah. Working from home is good, that's for sure.
pretty good. I get up pretty early on Fridays because they go out and do like some volunteer work and then yeah just kind of spent some of the day around the house so
nothing to
I'm usually kind of worn out by the end of friday.
Oh so what do you do?
Um I work for myself so I sell real estate and you know obviously do a little bit of like prolific and just like here little like hodgepodge things here and there sort of and then um my husband also like a real estate photographer so he kinda like we both work for ourselves so we do a lot of like just sort of trading off time and seeing who's at home at what time.
it is until like, you know the market's like crashing and things are lying that you don't really have a paycheck unless you make it. So
it is, that's why I like our numbers are skyrocketing because there's no like restrictions or anything,
it's just everything is open as normal and it's crazy because Yeah, the numbers are, and we're having like 10-12,000 cases every day coming up.
which is funny because when new york first had their big like influx of people getting it, florida actually wouldn't let people from new york in that opposite the borders and was like turning them away
and like
all the states should be blocking us because we're crazy here.
They
basically just have police on all the borders and when you got to the border, you had to like show your license. And if you didn't have a florida license, you had explained like where you were going or if you owned a second house. Like I knew a lady who had just bought a house here and she didn't have a florida license yet, but she had to like call me as her realtor and justify to him. But like, yes, she doesn't actually own a house here. So, uh,
it's great. It was crazy. I mean, they stopped doing it now because I'm sure that got
like
there isn't,
yeah, it's not
worth my time and money and everything to put people on the borders.
Yeah, pretty much you stay here until it's gone.
Yeah, very much. I graduated with my undergrad in 2004 and there was a very similar like there was a big like dropping jobs. And I remember thinking the same thing like, oh great, I'm all done with school now, how would I do
so
Well yeah, I live right outside of Jacksonville, so like Jackson pretty big city, but like I live in like a little small town outside of it, like 30 minutes west.
it's pretty
down there too, like it's like that's a gorgeous part of the state just with the clear blue water
and
like
yeah, it's expensive and it's nice.
Yeah, I thought the same thing before, like I haven't lived here my whole life, I've only lived here for like five years.
And um I used to live up in north Carolina and I remember when I came down and checked it out and I was like, oh, it's gorgeous, I want to
be there
for him. It's a lot hotter than I thought it was gonna be. It's hot here. It's like 100° from March through like almost november. It's so
yeah, it's very human and like
you wake up in the morning and you walk outside and it's just like thick and hits you in the face like it's not fun.
pretty much like fuck outside. You're like, yeah it's like beating up on your forehead.
My
parents still live out and like Arizona for a little while. He said the same thing that like the heat, there just wasn't the same as the heat. Uh huh.
is a different hot. It sucks.
Yeah. Yeah. We never gets now.
Yeah we get no snow. I saw two Snowflakes 1 Year. But like that's it like there's just no snow here and I'm not sure. They wouldn't know what to do with snow if they got it. Like I think the whole town might like freeze up and shut down so
Kind of they get all four seasons there. So like it gets hot for like a month or so but it's not like crazy and it kind of like comes and goes so like it'll be you know 100 degrees for like three or four days and then it will cool back down to like 80. So it's not um wow.
And they did get a little bit of snow there which was kind of like they would get enough snow that like it was pretty and then it would melt the next day. So like.
Yeah like you never had to like shovel out the walkway or anything like it wasn't anything crazy.
different.
Yeah. Yeah. It's definitely different. I don't think I would ever want to live anywhere that you get a lot of snow. And my aunt lives up in New Hampshire and she was telling me one day that like a couple of years ago that she had just installed some heaters on her roof so she could turn it on to like melt the ice because she got tired of having to go up on the roof to like shovel it. Like I would never live anywhere that you have to shovel your roof like that's crazy.
Um yeah, it's on the other side, so I have to go through Jacksonville to get to it, but it still only like 45 minutes.
Like I go out there all the time for like, you know, a few hours like obviously a day trip please.
No, the water is not nearly as clear as the water is like in the south in Miami and Fort Lauderdale and Palm Beach. West Palm Beach. Like that's definitely where like the pretty water is. It's more like that typical mucky atlantic ocean water up. No, not as fun, but it's still the beach, so.
I miss the mountains. That was one thing I did like about north Carolina. I lived right in the middle of the state. So it was like two hours from the beach and like three hours from the mountains. Like I
could go anywhere. It was like a great location to kind of like if I wanted to take a weekend trip I could go to either.
Yeah. The Blue Ridge Mountains go right through there.
I haven't, The furthest I've been is I went to Las Vegas once, but that
was
something I left the East Coast for
Nice. Yeah, my friends and I went there when I graduated from my undergrad. You
like
that?
Yeah, which is funny because none of us are really like big gamblers, but we just wanted to like go do something that we would never normally do. So it was fun just to go there.
yeah. Yeah, I don't think I never want to live there either. That's a little much
and
It would take you like 15 years to get through college
if you thought cutting at home was hard. Like
I can't imagine coming near the strip.
Uh huh. That's crazy.
There's a little more freelance because I got two small kids, so like I sort of try to adjust my schedule around, like obviously my husband, I kind of try to like come and go so that like one of us is always here. Um But yeah which makes like my schedule not really fixed very much unfortunately. So I kind of do a lot of work at night, like I usually stay up pretty late trying to get things done after everybody goes to bed.
Yeah because I had to work from home job before that I was like a database administrator for a non profit, which that was, I did it for like five years and it took a little while to adjust to working at home, like you said like I would like be like I've been working and I was like a quandary here, don't make a sandwich. But yeah I liked it. But then I didn't like the fact that you know once my kids started getting a little older it was hard to manage You know being able to focus from like 8-5 and care of them. So I was like all right I think I need to find something different that I can make money and still a little more flexibility because they were very Rigid on you will work 8-5 and we don't kids in the background and whatever and I was like all right. So I decided to do something else.
Yeah it is. I've always been interested in like because I got my under graduate and sociology so like I love um you know just different people, different cultures, different everything. So it's like it's fun to sort of learn everybody's story and where they're going what they're doing.
Look um my oldest is supposed to start kindergarten in the fall.
But um yeah, I don't know what we're doing with that right now. Like I wanna do online or in person I feel nervous about in person around here so probably some sort of I'm like school.
Yeah and to get a five year old to like sit down and just like focus on yeah teacher they've done it before so like it isn't anything crazy but it still seems like, I don't know, I don't know how I'm gonna do it.
Your
parents? Oh yeah. It's exhausting that. I worry about that too. Like am I even gonna be like effective or is he just gonna be like whatever. I'm glad I do what I want. Am I gonna so far behind in school? I
don't know.
I'm really hoping vaccine comes out soon. I feel like when the vaccine comes out I'll feel like better about sending him to be a person because I feel like we've been lucky that we haven't gotten it yet. But I feel like the odds are like yeah, everything.
Yeah, that's right up towards Georgia.
Oh yeah. A lot like I didn't feel that worried for a while because in my county like we don't go into Jacksonville too often. So in my county it really seemed to be restricted mostly to like senior centers. That's where all the cases were. So I'm like, oh no big deal. We go to the grocery store. Everything is fine now that they've opened everything up. It's everywhere. Like there's been reports that like one of our favorite restaurants of a server coming down with it. Great. So how many people did that server see? And you know it's spreading just so much faster than I'm like, yeah, I'm gonna like even in my own county now, I don't know about all this.
you can't stay there forever and like a small business owner, I have to make money at some point. and considering that one little $1,200 check, yeah. Isn't really like paying our bills for free.
Yeah it doesn't really cut it like That, barely like going there's four of us. So we got like $3400 that didn't even cover like a full month of bills for mortgage, health insurance, everything else like. Yeah thanks for the three quarter of a month basically. But I need more money. Yeah
it's slowed down a lot but surprisingly there are still like transactions every day like there are people,
you know the people that are working at home or still have their jobs like they're still looking for houses. So like it's definitely I'm not working nearly as much as I was but
I'm
still working
at golf.
I would never personally by something that I hadn't walked into because I mean there's a lot
of
back,
like it could smell, you know, there could be things that you can't see that you want to look a little closer at or that, you know, I mean, I've gone in and done those virtual showings where like, I have somebody facetime or whatever and I'm going around like showing them, but I may have missed something, I may not have looked down in the corner and or the whole there or something. Yeah, there's no way I would ever buy a house without having walked through myself at some point.
Really, what is going on?
It,
it just started reducing. Um actually started noticing it in my own neighborhood. That so the value of my house had gone up a lot in the five years that we've been here. And then I just noticed that I feel like the value of my house has probably come down like 10%,,
which kind of sucks. But um you know, it's nothing crazy because Florida got hit hard in like in 2008 when they had that big like
housing recession, there are foreclosures everywhere and we certainly haven't felt that yet, but I definitely have seen it starting to like pull back a little bit. It's certainly more like a buyer's market. Like they kind of have the upper hand that you know, if a seller needs to get rid of their house
like
what
they can get off or. Oh
and everything is definitely in the buyer's court right now.
I mean
like the buyer or the seller or it kind of varies so like obviously right now the buyer has more power and then like when, when there's a lot of like inventory and like prices are going up, then the seller has more power. So like they can say, you know, no, we're only
taking this or like so yeah, it kind of just varies based on like how the market is sort of like reacting. But typically the realtor really is just sort of like the in between person.
You're like some guidance to my buyers or sellers. But like I can't tell them oh, you should like reject this or accept this forever because yeah, I don't want them to like accept or reject something and then have it like, you know, if they reject it and then they don't get another offer for like six months and they're gonna
be like, why did you tell me to reject that? So
buying a house is a good thing. It's like your first step towards like you know eventual retirement because you kind of need to have a house to retire so our house to retire.
Yeah I'm going to ride it out for a while so like I'm not in a huge rush to sell, just I always keep an eye on my own house, just kind of see where we are.
I think it depends because I mean help sell this one at a loss and like you know that's sort of like makes me a little less wanting to like jump into something else. But yeah I mean I always kind of look at obviously like what's out there sort of figure that they found something like I feel like my next house, I really want like a house with land and sort of like water on it if it is like even like a little pond or whatever. But right now I live in a neighborhood where I can basically like reach out my window and touch my neighbors. Uh Yeah. I don't like how close we are. Like I think I always sort of look at like something bigger nicer.
Oh yeah. No, we're packed in like sardines. Like they built many houses they could in this neighborhood.
That's why we chose it is like we knew like we like the school system and everything and making sure that it would be like somewhere we wanted to stay for a while.
Yeah. You still have a fun.