Mhm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Okay. Okay. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Oh. Yeah. Okay. Right. All right okay. Okay. Yeah. But yeah maybe. Mhm. I'm making people. Mhm. Yeah. Yeah I mean they don't like they are specific for the job Even running definitely. So I think so it also be looking to be allowed to learn for next week. I'm the lucky friend. Okay. Yeah. Yeah I want to I don't know that. I don't know I love you. Yeah. Yeah. Uh What is it a completely done? Mhm. Mhm. You don't want to get specific hey look these people. Yeah. Yeah or they are yeah sure. Mhm. Okay. Mhm mm. Okay. Absolutely. Mhm. So they, hello?
Kids can you hear me?
Yeah you're dead. Hello? I'm
in California.
Oh yeah yeah so it must be what three p.m. four p.m.
Oh I see I see so
oh I Give Me 1 2nd. Hello? Okay.
Oh yeah yeah it's around one p.m. She just had lunch. Uh Yeah so far friday it doesn't seem to be too bad working from home.
How was your day so far?
So
you had a pretty long day by now? Yeah.
Yeah I mean that's understandable.
So I'm gonna be a c student. Um I'm in my fifth year now. I studied engineering so yeah I work mainly on water and those kind of things so fully dynamics. So droplets water paint those kinds of things. Um Yeah what do you do?
Yes A bus of your own. That must be fun. Huh. Yeah.
Yes I recently especially in the last 3 4 months must have been different than usual. So how is the situation in florida? Is the state open and everyone's going out or is it,
The internet.
yeah in florida is pretty big population wise but still it was I was I was looking at it and it seems to me that florida, California um texas, these are some of the states that are going up now, it seems like the new york days are over there, they're very well relatively uh but yeah we'll see.
So
you
mhm. So how did they enforce it is it's like state party right? How could they do that? It's like
under
No
remember.
No
it's so ironic
obviously.
they should put the fearful and bothered to not let anyone out now.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah for us the same like we have been trying to work from home so I do research for my PTSD And we have been trying to work from home since March three or 4th week it's so much difficult to work from home because when you're not used to it because in school, you have office, there are other students who are working, so you look at them and you're like, okay, I should be working. That Rome you work for an hour. And they're like, okay, I think that's enough for today, Maybe not far from tomorrow. It took a while, like almost a month to get used to it, but now it seems like it will be the new norm because for the fall they decided to keep it uh online everything. And if you can work from home work from home. Yeah, it's very difficult to, I don't know how those things because I find to graduate um in spring, but everything is so slow down. I feel like, oh maybe what if I won't be able to progress enough to graduate then, do I extend? And if I extend what happens to everything, and there is uh like the job market is not doing well as well. So uh it's tricky situation to be in.
So
how is uh so you're in like a big city in florida?
Said housing market, why is it you deal in Jacksonville and nearby suburbs or something like that? Yeah. Yeah. I went to florida once for a conference. Um but I was in Fort Lauderdale and I visited Miami in that part of the state. It's pretty relaxed. I like
my,
he didn't
want
to.
Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, I was, I was telling my friend, I was there with some of my friends and I was telling them, oh, I love this state. I I think I should live here. And they were like, man, you're getting old. This is, It's usually known for that. And I'm like no, I like it. I don't want to be somewhere where it's cold, freezing -20°.. This is nice. Yeah,
I see.
no,
no.
my God, is it so Jacksonville? I I don't know. Is it humid or is it uh dry?
that's
Yeah, like in California where I live, it's the central valley. So since its valley, it's still very hot, but it's very, very hard. So if you take a shower you come outside, you feel cool. But I bet if it's helmet then you come out of shower and you're sweating again because it's a
And 100 for us, like the dry heat is different from 100 for you. England is not bad yet. I mean it's very bad, but it's still right, so you can stay inside and go out in the evening and it's not bad. That
move.
It's uh, it's funny because people are like, oh, Arizona is very hot. Central value of California is hot, Nevada is hot, but I'm in florida is different heart. Yeah.
Yeah. The good part is that you don't have to deal with, you know, cleaning out your driveway from the snow and everything right?
Changing their tires have, we've entered to the other, this is keeping the snow chain and you don't have to do that. So.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's understandable because they're not used. So they'll be like, oh, we, we should just stay home. Yeah. How is the, like in north Carolina there? It's not as hot right where you were before.
yeah,
prepare with your things, right?
Yeah. Because here in central Valley, we don't get snow at all. But I was in an exchange program in winter in the midwest in indiana. And the snow is good for a week. It felt really good because you are looking at all white and it looks very pretty. But after a week I'm like, now I can hear that
you want to get out. You have to plan everything, the code, the gloves and everything. You don't want to leave anything open. Like this is a nightmare because now here when I want to go out, I just go out.
And there are people living in Canada's I guess there they get used to and I Yeah. How far is the beach from where you live? Is it closer to the beach on the other side of Jacksonville?
Okay. So it's it's not bad like if you want.
And uh is it similar to the one in the south in Miami or is it?
Well, yeah, I mean for us it's like two hours. Thanks. Yes, san Francisco end of the varia is about two hours, two hours and a half. So yeah, that's and role is still very good and but no mountains though because yeah,
the,
north Carolina has a lot of mountains that fail is there? And
yeah. Yeah, so that's good. Did you ever visit California or uh
for
now
las Vegas is very close like. Yeah, it's about a couple of hours from California.
So the
usual
las Vegas trip. Huh?
I went to last week. I I mean I'm not used to gambling either, but I I went there once. I'm like, okay, this is it. I was there in the new year and it was, it was pretty much fun but like I don't want to live here because I do it every day.
because they have a school University of Nevada las Vegas and it's right by the strip um one of my friend was like, imagine if you were studying here, you
could come here every day.
Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Yeah.
And
Yeah, so like every day, like as soon as it gets like dark, you'll leave everything and just go there and keep wandering around.
So how uh how uh time consuming is work usually do you have like a fixed time like when you start working or is it more freelancing style that you do when you need to?
Right. Yeah. But I guess you can stay with your kids, so that's good. No, like you don't have to leave them a child care or something.
Well as long as you like it, it must be fun to meet a lot of new people from different background, different places different. Right?
Yeah. So do your kids uh did your kids started school or not yet?
Oh I see.
because I was talking to one of my friend he teaches in school and they were saying they were trying to do uh like online you said every kid has an ipad and they get it for that duration of time. Let's say they get it from 9 to 12 and then they can do the video lecture or something like that. Good because with kids started it more difficult than us because if I am taking a lecture I know okay one p.m. I have a lecture and I can just log in. Or for kids it's it's tricky because they feel home right because they're in home so they don't feel like they're in school.
Yeah. I was gonna say that that it makes the job of the parents more difficult. Good you'll know how is it to be a teacher? Yeah. Yeah. Then because the teacher has to manage more kids. But yeah also I think the kids there, they listen more to teacher from their parents because they are well
not yeah.
that
yeah, so I guess yeah, since it's just starting, so it's not that bad because maybe hopefully by next year it'll be better. Uh huh. Yeah.
You know I mean Jacksonville is a big, even it's in the junction of the interstates I think. Right.
Yeah and there is another like it's also a big city so tricky. I mean by now there's probably some cases there so uh
Yeah, I feel the same as here when it started new york was so bad that California was doing a little better and my he was uh like maybe 10 cases and all of them were in a health clinic, so But now it was 10, I remember like a month and a half ago nights like 2000 and it's like It's a relatively small county, like maybe 200,000 people in total. Uh We're like oh now it seems I guess they're doing more deaths so that's good. But the cases are increasing uh since they don't know anything about the virus itself, they know only a little bit they even they don't know what to advise the best, the best they are saying is that okay staying at home quarantine but that's not the solution.
All right. And it's like okay this is once and now just stay home for four months. Uh Makes sense. Yeah.
our people buying houses at this time or now because they are kind of scared.
Thanks.
You know I
can't
afford for
prices. Yeah because I know here uh I was just looking one day and I saw that most of the realtor they were doing the houses like house visits but everything virtual. So that yeah so they'll let you visit virtually and then I'm like if I am buying a house I would maybe wait a couple of months and then do it. But
there
are
good.
Yeah it's it's amazon style I guess you just look everything and get it and then say it. I'm very surprised that it's it's not completely shut down. So I mean that's good But people are still buying houses. It
I have an interesting question. Do did the price reduce her as the price? Same as it was before? I
know that.
No. So,
I mean,
In the
world
war,
Yeah. I know the interest rates have gone down significantly. Maybe that's uh like incentive for them to buy a house at this time. Ah
yeah, So in in in the usual market, it's like 50 50 or 60 14 realtors favor what is the usual uh uh
like who who bargains more basically?
It is
you asked?
Being
right. Yeah. And same with the seller that you don't want to do that either. Okay. Yeah, that's good to know because I mean eventually, hopefully I'll get a house and then Yeah.
Yeah. So like your house's value decreased, but you probably don't care because you'll stay there anyway.
mm hmm. Do you, do you like if you get a chance similar house but cheaper, would you change or would you still stay in the house? You'll are now? Mhm.
I see, I see. I mean, yeah, here in California, the houses are I guess a little further uh because of the land, I don't, especially in Central Valley in the very, it's like you're saying they are very close to each other, but in the valley they have like old american houses where you have the all the space to yourself.
Yeah. Okay. So do they have like that schools in that neighborhood? Are is that why you're,
Yeah, that sounds good. Yeah. Well it was nice talking to you.