Hello. We're a little early,
we could probably start early I would think.
I am. Okay, how are you?
My my name is johnny by the way,
Ron, nice to meet you.
Yeah. What part of the world are you in?
So
uh I'm in California, I'm in Oakland. Yeah.
You know it's funny because like I'm Russian and when I go to Russia people have a very approximate sense of the U. S. In general. And
on a map on a map everything looks small. Right? So I say I'm from Oakland in California and they go oh yeah I know somebody who lives near you like uh what's
that
city um san Diego?
I came here when I was just about to turn 11 um turned out to be right under the wire for learning english without having an accent every now and then if I'm really tired or whatever something is just a little glitch I say a word, I say a word with an accent, you know? But for the most part no, but but then nifty thing is that I also speak question without an accent. So that's a plus
what's unusual is the accent, I don't feel like I have a good
read on that.
You know what I remember, I remember going to new york the first time I ever went in 91 um you remember how they used to have, I don't know how old you are but like they used to have these recordings that said, you know if you feel you have reached this recording in error, like if you get the wrong number, if you feel you have reached this recording in error, please hang up and try again. I don't know if you remember that, which I always thought, which I always thought was like ridiculous phrasing anyway because like what if I really do, what if I really do feel that it's an error? Like what are you gonna do about it? You know like but like early on it wasn't computerized, it was actually people have, you know recording that let message. And I remember I was in new york and I called some number that was you know the wrong number and I get this like dude with a Brooklyn accent, it goes like if you feel you've reached this recording an era please say it
was just such an unlikely thing for somebody like that to say.
yeah, how
old are you?
You're
in your 1st and 53 so
Thank you I guess thank you. Or maybe this is what 53 looks like or
mm thank you. Um
it's I
mean
yeah I remember dial phones right? I mean I in Russia I remember I mean we had a dial phone, we had a party line, we had we shared a phone with our like upstairs neighbors and my mom taught me how to tap into the line so that the neighbor most of the time wouldn't here but but sometimes they would but sometimes they would and we would do that for like entertainment right? We like spicy.
Wait
so he
he bugged
he
and she
was talking to him at this point like.
but
wait but he was talking to her so how he received also bugging her
because
there's
a book because there's some kind of interference
jesus,
was
he like afraid was he like afraid that she was cheating on him or what was the?
Well it's very hard to resist things like that. You wouldn't
well
you know even like when sometimes you get like uh every now and then you get like interference in a regular like phone line and you wind up hearing somebody else's conversation, there's it's so tempting to just sit there and like listen, you know? Yeah.
That's reasonable.
I remember once I had a flip phone some years ago and it was like right at that point where you could max out in text messages, remember? Not not that many years ago if somebody sent you to many text messages your memory would fill up or if you had anyway and and this I get this like barrage of texas, long ones from somebody I have no idea who. And he's like you will not do this to me, I uh you cannot keep me from seeing the Children, you bitch. And it just went on and on and on and on and on and I was like, man, you're like filling up my, you know whoever you are, you're like filling up my memory and I finally just texted, I was like wrong number, it was like stopped. Oops.
Do you know that
if you get spam text messages, you can um you can send the word stop, you can text them back saying stop and it will disconnect you from them.
Good. That's evil.
Well yeah, spam remember the days of no spam? I remember the days when I told my friend what spam was and that it wasn't just like a meat product and she was like what, like what my guy, are you making that up? You know like you know like people genuinely didn't know what like email spam was because there was so little of it. Yeah. Oh
what?
What was the point of getting kicked out? Just scoring, scoring
the most obnoxious card?
What we call trolling now?
Oh the good old days.
Well
there
is more, there is more of a thing now where people just don't think it's socially weird to just be or maybe they are socially awkward and so they think it's fine to just be staring at the screen the whole time there, you know it's like I don't know, I feel like that's an impolite thing to do, but I feel like millennials
don't think that so
So I have a self serving question for you, So you had somebody, So I I live with a housemate and my housemate is going to be moving out in about four months and I'm going to have to look for another housemate because I can't really make ends meet without housemate. So I've I've been very worried about that and Covid. So I'm talking to people who are going through some kind of house made edition or transition to
try to
figure out
where
am I looking? Well,
I've never done it during covid. Right. I mean, Oh, you mean where am I looking to talk to people?
just, I literally like put out word to next door. Do you know what next door? I'm sure you do. And also just like some friends and acquaintances, you know, just like um yeah, I just put word out to whoever asking like, do you know anybody who's moved or is moving? And what are they doing about Covid and how are they keeping safe? Because I am in a high risk category for complications. I really do not want to risk any more than I have to. So
you just said so you just said that you had your niece come? So
like
new
Zealand boyfriend?
So how did you do that whole thing? Did you did they just sort of arrive at your house and plopped
out?
Get
away from it.
So you would not you would not be the person to consult about how to do that safely.
Why don't you
wear gloves so you can do that
without like getting
your
what?
Well
hopefully not. Yeah but
but I mean when you when these people showed up you just pretty much just said here hello and you didn't do any kind of quarantine or any kind of checking ahead of time that whatever.
No,
he
was sort
of
getting
a you were getting what presumably is a safe person? Hopefully. Yeah.
All right. All right.
The fuchsia or the flu
covid? I haven't been but I've also been super safe really. I mean the only thing I do is go to some doctor appointments pretty
much and one once every couple of months I go into a drug store to pick up some meds. That's really all I do and everything else. I haven't been close to another person, like physically accept my housemate. Um You know everything I've done at a distance metadata. So I
don't see the point
I was really worried at first because especially I'm like my drug stores in this place where it's in a store, it's in a grocery store and the entrance is this like crowded entrance? It's, there's no good way to just sort of walk around everybody. Um, and the mask wearing, especially at the beginning was very sort of iffy, you know, it was like, yes, no, halfway on, but I started
wearing
the other people and
so
will
when
I,
yeah, when I first went in, I was just really freaked out about it and I was just trying to run around everybody unsuccessfully, super special. And then I started just like wearing a mask and wearing a face shield over it and figuring and figuring I'm just going to do that and I'm gonna walk straight through. I also know a little bit more about the disease that usually, you know, just that much very casual quick contact is not going to, you know, get me sick. Like if I literally a masked and I'm just walking through, even if somebody breathed on me once, it's not probably going to be, you know,
I don't anymore because I feel like with a mask and with the shield, it's safe enough for me to walk through.
yeah, I like it. You know, the other reason I like the shield is a, the only way I socialize with people is outside at a distance. Um, and for that, I actually hate wearing a mask. I get claustrophobic in it. So for that I just wear a shield and I feel like that's good enough because it doesn't protect from air Saul's, but the air Saul's blow away outside anyway and I'm at a distance, I'm not like right next to them. So I don't feel like that's really gonna happen. I don't even really feel like I feel like you could potentially be without a mask at all and just without face covering at all, but I feel like that's a good layer of protection so you know, I wear the face shield and that's much more doable if you're hanging out with somebody for a couple of hours or something, you know? So um I like it. Um But yeah and then when I go to doctor's offices or whatever, I wear both so I feel like that's an extra layer of protection so actually
I've worked out my little
system.
It's a really good question. I mean I don't know, worry right now is the thing I'm doing that's you know, panic now, avoid the rush.
I do. She's probably
moving out in March. She's probably going to start looking in february so that we have to figure out how she can look safely without, you know messing me up. Um
I am not a baseball fan because I just didn't grow up with baseball as a thing at all. You know I grew up with soccer and hockey and I don't get baseball, I learned how to play like softball when I came over because it was a thing happening in school, I just do not understand the appeal of softball and baseball, like I don't get I don't I'm not a big sports fan in any way anyway, but like particularly baseball like they just always stand around spitting. Yeah.
Well
it's
funny because I I am a friend who was who was a huge baseball fan and she says that it's just an instant bonding experience, I mean she's one of these people who just knows everything, all the stats, all that out of that. And she says that she can like just approach strangers on the bus back when we used to ride buses and Yeah, and
just
start and just have just have instant intimacy with people just from saying, you know, So what do you think of the data? And this is uh
that
does
sound cool. I personally would get really bored about talking stats. Maybe not because when I used to be part of the martial arts world,
I studied kung fu for well and you could kind of talk about you know somebody's technique or somebody, you know, But I feel like my I feel like my tolerance for stats would be limited, you know?
What
is that? What is the, like, like what are the New Age staff, what is that?
Well, there
is
no
happy
question
because
of the stand,
I'll
see
you.
So
is that like because of the technology and instant replay and
whatever?
you're honest
to me,
Running
looks
like
How how did the players feel about it?
So
they can
somehow game the system even
if they don't have the kind of raw skills or something like that?
you're
I
game
on.
So
the free agents are who are the free agents?
So it's
like
you're
sort of out of the contract that binds you to a team?
Everyone.
it's so
it's interesting to me as somebody who really just doesn't I don't think I have such a like um sports fan thing in my blood. Although as a kid, I was
very
Well,
I studied, I studied Wenchang, which is the same style that Bruce lee uh fall in for about four years and back in uh sort of like back about 20 years ago, it's a beautiful march, like, and then I had a little bit, a bit of a background studying karate when I was a teenager and also studying Kendall, which is um which is japanese sword fighting, it's like japanese fencing. Yeah,
I only did that for a little while and you know, I never got good at any of these martial arts, I kind of with the kung fu, I kind of got stuck at a low medium level, I think there would have been a way to break through that, but I got discouraged, but I did do that for four years and in that time, you know, it's like really easy to geek out on it, right? You can just like uh I mean I didn't really watch tournaments or anything but I'd go on like websites and then be like when so and sos technique is data data or you start watching like kung fu films, the bad concrete films and you're like what what's the technique? What technique is he? Oh that's a really interesting move. You know, you start doing it with that kind of attitude and I can yeah.
correct.
I can see me. I don't
know
I don't know, I don't know what that is. But um but you can hear me obviously
I don't
know.
Nothing
is different on my end that I can tell. Um
Thank
you.
How long how
long was
that happening for?
What what?
Well
I All right, so I already had a background in martial arts even though not any great shakes. But you know, I had a familiarity with how that is and
and
Well you know lots of kids take or at least lots of kids in the 80's took you know, karachi in their neighborhood, you know, activity center or something whatever. So I was one of those kids, so that's how I got into karate. And then when I and then Kendall, which is a sword fighting I just did because I don't even remember like I had friends, I had friends in the martial arts and there was a I don't know how I got into that but you know, it's just an extension of japanese martial arts. But then I took a long break. Then I was reading this book called The Truth about Your Height which is done but which was written by this like height researcher to um kind of undermine the height bias in our culture that you know, tall is better. Short is worse. That whatever. And he discusses various aspects of I mean he's an engineer. It's kind of an interesting book because he's like he in one section of the book, he breaks down things by just having like a shorter model and a taller model. And here are the things that the taller model would do better. And here are the things that are shorter model would do better. It turns out there's lots of things that are shorter model just does better. Right? And so he uh and he mentioned this martial art style which was invented kung fu style which was invented by a woman and designed primarily for smaller, less muscularly powerful people to fight taller, more muscular people. And that was when john and I was like I got to check
this out so that's how I
wing chun like wing like a wing, you know? Uh
No, it's a it's a style of martial art. It's
also
the name,
the book is called The Truth about Your height.
It's he's just kind of this this like some guy named thomas tomorrow's who identifies as a height researcher and actually he has an agenda to promote shorter height in people because he thinks it will be more environmentally
sustainable. But he feels like he needs to break through the, you know, tall is good, short as bad stuff. So it's like
yes. Yeah. Anyway, we're past our 25 minutes. Yes.
I made a long time ago. Long time ago.
No,
no, what is it called
or?
I
you
know I had my heyday of watching martial arts movies when I was still studying karate and I was a teenager and we would watch this bad bad kung fu films out of you know, Hong kong or whatever, you know where the blood was like ketchup coloured
and glossy and glossy and it was like you killed my master. I must now remain, you know, secret. Yeah. Now I'm wondering how I ever sat through some movies
better.
I think so.
It was kind of
All right. Thank you. Well it's been great talking to you. It's fun.
I'm
gonna,
what I'm gonna do is I'm going to break down my
usual
steps
and looking for a roommate and then figure out how to you know, covid eyes that you know. So I think that's what I'm going to try to do.
I know. I know. It'll be complicated.
It's already complicated. It will be more complicated.
Thank
you.
Thank you.
Youtube luck to you.
2nd to Goodbye.
Well, we close the tab but I'm actually now trying to remember how to do that. Uh huh,
interesting. I thought there was a little Well, I was
Well, yeah.
Can you? Mhm. Uh More information. This interesting question that I never had this problem before.
Now
you
actually
have to close the tab.
but
I can't believe you've been stood up so many times.
Okay.
So clear cookies. Okay. What if I just uh
what if I just say stop?
What are
you? Huh.
Well,
usually
you can. But all right now, I mean, do you try it? Why don't you try it?
good. But