great. You know you. Mm right, Sputnik, I better again, Rich in a variety of the old, but no grew, I would like for the clock if something does show up with timer, thank you. Seven europe. The battery. Yes, Yeah. Rookie Gnocchi. Oh,
little home.
Hey, how you doing?
Good? Yeah, he, uh, this is the first time somebody showed up. I thought I was gonna get jilted and yeah, other times, no show.
Hi, my name is Ron
you too.
I am from New Jersey
years old.
actually in Los Angeles for a little while back in the day. Mm
what?
You got a
grateful.
I know, I've been back a couple times in europe years ago, but yeah, you know something from Wisconsin, It's like, you know, some business, but if you're Russian you don't sound don't have an accent or anything.
Mhm. It's funny actually, I always figured I didn't have a New Jersey accent, but somebody recently told me that they picked up my, my New Jersey accent. I was like, I don't have a New Jersey accent,
Excellent,
sort of, a little bit, you know, that kind of like, I can't do it. I I sound like ridiculous if I try to do it myself, like, you know that gangster drawl, snooki uh you know the real world or actually know that. Sure, yeah. Sorry.
we are.
Exactly. He's more that get on. Mhm. Oh God, I remember, jeez, I remember pre pre computer, pre smartphones, remember my foot bones, you know? You know, heck, I remember phone booths back in the day, you know, call charging into my parents and stuff, and I could hear my mom, I'm like, will you accept this call from, you know? So yeah,
I
I'm in my 43 now,
actually.
Are you? Hi, you're good. I would I would never thought that.
No, no, no, I thank you, look good,
pretty good, you know? Yeah, thank you for a second
up
more.
Oh God. I actually uh yeah, I know my friend I lived in this part of while he he bugged his girlfriend. She was a Brazilian girl. So he had like the bug on her, this is really deranged, but so the whole thing going on in the room I was staying and when I stayed with him in florida and uh he'd call her and I like I just curiosity just got me so I have to listen to phone calls and they're the most awkward phone calls in the world. But I sit there but this device crackle that was like a bad C. I. A. Thing, you know, like what's that noise on the phone and don't
ever forget
that
you like,
he loved his girlfriend, Okay I'm telling you it's strange. It's absolutely
range
him. But she was actually brazil you know? And actually she would uh every once again I had it was irresistible. I couldn't help it. I had this device is listening to what's right in front of me like it's under the desk and they were staying
in.
Well because he was because he had the bugging device like set up in his house to listen to her but he was at work and one time he's talking to her and the lines crackling because don't
ask
me.
Yeah I don't know what the heck is doing right drinking you got
So I know he worked about an hour away, he was back like in like I don't know like 25 minutes and then ripped all the bugging device. Was
good.
Yeah because I remember a couple times she was like, she was really pretty like Brazilian girl. Um and you know, she obviously spoke Portuguese and then that's why I like getting the thing as I said, I feel terrible about this, but I would listen to the conversation but they be speaking Portuguese or spanish and I like what the hell are saying? So I mean like it's stupid, I'm going to hang up on this but yeah, it was crazy.
Well I I've been shorter anyway in a long time, so
there you go.
well I like my nieces all the time and they always love to like make party. Like they're always like adding some of the lines. I'm always like, are we the only two people on the line like, you know, so always make sure I don't. Apparently that stuff like that again after my friends bugging incident 100
years ago. Yeah.
I'm going to get spam text message. I never had that happen for I don't know how that happened, but I'm not getting all this spanning text message charming
prince.
All right. Yeah, I well, I looked it up, but you know the same thing. I was getting like, spam emails And then I think I'm going on the bottom, like on subscribe, you know, stop sending emails, which I later found out just opens up like Pandora's box of text like emails because that's just telling him, Hey, you're here.
where? And it just 10 times worse. So yeah, it took me a long time to get my emails. It was just ridiculous. Thank you.
No, God. I remember when like the computer stuff start coming out. My friends, I would get an AOL and like the chat rooms and then we'd like go out of our way to get kicked out of the chat rooms which is like fantastic. That was like our, that was our crowning goal a day would be like so obnoxious. Like
not like me but just like not just
Bean
just clean the ass kid for the work. Yeah.
Yes, exactly, exactly. Yeah, A long time ago
we want okay on camera, you know that, you know, I was like my niece and uh and her boyfriend, the first visitors I had in a while in my house. Um they're moving back to Jersey. So they stopped, they were at my sister's and my sister is very paranoid obviously about the whole virus. So I was uneasy about them coming. But they came anyways, we kept their distance but they were in the house and onto the cell phone the whole time. You know, her boyfriend was his face is buried in his cell phone the entire time trying to talk to him and you know, it's like, but he's just like just actually obsessed with himself. You know her a little bit. She was a little more friendly, but you know, it's just unbelievable like, you know, just like kids, everybody don't even kids generally, but anybody face burden.
And I
think
all
well, if you look at me like, like, like a sporting event, like pre uh, you know, Covid 19 you see everything that stands either is taking a picture with your phone or they're just kind of, you know, you know, there's like everybody, you know, it's just like the thanks.
Were
you
what were you looking for these like
like?
like harry.
Yeah. Come on, are you looking like what?
actually
he sent
her boyfriend who
had never
before
he did,
they showed up. And then my niece, the first thing she did was she rushed at me. She hugged me said, don't worry, I'm fine. I'm a watches, you know,
like
dramatic things of God. So yeah, I'm seeing here like, you know like earlier, I was like uh do I have something coming on? I had like hangovers all the time like oh God, I got it. I've got the uh no, you just have a plan. Don't have um
No, no it would be. No, no that was the only people I've been absolutely, I'm cautious about everything. The only, the only thing I ever do is everyone is while jump into the store. Um It's right next to I go to the liquor store. If they don't deliver, I can't find it delivers properly and then um I'll go in there and then I'll jump in the supermarket to get that. Um And everything else I order online. I'm really careful top my hands or I when I go in the stores and stuff, I obviously where the mask, I bring like just rubbing alcohol and I just I'm running touch anything with my hands now, like the top of my hands are like dermatitis on, you know,
like
I
because I
I don't know because the gloves, I don't know. So I was like, it's really strange. I'm very paranoid about this, I'm
very perfect. I'm sure I've some sort of underlying condition that I'm not aware of that will five seconds. I'll be on a mental here. So. No, I'm not, we
sent
But
well, the only thing to me was they were their mom was my sister and she's paranoid about everything too. So she actually let the needs insisted that they, there's a whole thing to their watching dogs. I kind of like quarantine themselves. So my sister was like, don't worry about it. I was like, okay, I
won't worry
about
what
I was
doing.
But for your, for your case though, yeah, I'd be concerned about that because you don't want somebody like, like one of my, my other knees, my second, my second oldest knees. She was just like, she was sick the other day, like really sick. And she's like, I saw like posting pictures, she's on the guys, hey, ride for how gloomy. And I'm like, what are you doing? And she said she actually just got sick. She didn't get Covid sick. She got like, we're just like lucky. Like I'm gonna get a flu shot question because I don't want to I don't want to suddenly like Start feeling ill and get paranoid that I have COVID-19.
I haven't to buy learner. Have you, by the way?
No, no. Been tested for the virus.
Yeah, that's
How
do you feel when you go to the drugstore? Are you like cool, where are you when you go in there?
I mean
itself or the other people?
Because
I know
I
it drives
me crazy with like it's just it's not a nose but it's on their mouth that drives me nuts.
They were finding yourself like holding your breath. You were five people.
It feels great.
That's a good idea.
Back
to the million dollar question. What do you do about your roommate? Like,
well, yeah, we always have the luxury of four months. I think you said that.
I
wow. You say you're in Oakland, you're in Oakland, are you in a span?
uh, and they grab their crotch on it, uh, it's definitely an acquired taste. But I mean like I grew up playing it like, you know, and stuff well by any means, but you know, and my dad and grandfather fans and you know, I'm like a big yankee, so new york. So yeah, just gonna grow up. So when
you say the, am I like
we said, Oh
I
will.
Well you were responding yes without question. You know, all sports car. That was kind of, you know, like you're saying like a mantra distillery, you know, I see some of the hat on her office dealers had and like, hey, you know, you should talk to each other like, you know who this person, but you know immediately have this bond. It's kind of cool actually,
in a weird
way
the conflict
I agree with you actually wouldn't like they have all like the new age stats. Like I'm very old school, like, like, like in baseball, so to speak, they have like batting average home runs, R. B. I. S and now they have everything else. And I, like, I started reading the stats. My mind just goes numb. Like,
like,
well they're like
something
called
war. Like all right. Like it's like, like back
in the day, you feel like it's no longer. It's like if you get a base hit, it's like if you walk, you know, get a walk that's like, you know, four balls and you get to first base. So there's like, just like, now it becomes
a question of how to get a bit, but the question how you get on base, like anyway, it is it doesn't matter if you're single now, everything's big home runs, but like hits, they don't steal bases anymore for the most part because that's not like valuable. I don't know, they just, the whole game has changed
because of the stats
and talking about they have all these like ivy league guys coming into baseball, never played baseball for the most part Analytical approach to everything. And it's crazy just like it's changed, it literally has changed the game, the game is not the same
game
with
20 years
score,
absolutely,
absolutely. There there's there's just going full blown computer and everything, you know, was like back in the day you got like, like the old scouts just be players, they go, you know, they go watch
like
higher
play and stop
and
go by instinct, you know, gut and stuff and now it's just like it's my fault.
I think I think well they're making a ton of money. So I think they're down there like I think the player back in the day who wouldn't make as much money because he wasn't hitting home runs or doing this or that I think that guy now make more money because he walks a lot or does this feels well or whatever, whatever. So I think the players like it, I would assume they like it because
I think
that
it's
what do I think, I mean, listen to me to get that far, you have to have the skills anyway. You look at you know, just you know, I'd be like, you know, play Major League Baseball disaster, you know, your is yeah, so you have to get
there. But it's a question of how you how you executed. But yeah, I think they like it. I mean they're making more money. Well actually, I don't know, you know this whole season strange with the covid 19 and next year like all these free agents in baseball are not gonna make
as much money
because
the teams were making money to share. You know, they took a big hit fans in the stands. Some like that. So that's a whole nother story. But in a normal world, I think hopefully the
world was back to normal
It's like if you play for six years, like you if you're a rookie in baseball all right, you can play for your team for years after your six year you become a free agent. So your team can resign you or you can sign with anybody like you're afraid you know? So
you
can
like
like your like your you know, you know you're ready for the best offer you know so you might be you know, I hate the knock Oakland but Oakland doesn't have a lot of money so you might have like actually good example was
Jason Giambi was the first baseman for Oakland. M. V. P. Oakland could not re sign him for the money. So who do you signed with the Yankees game like a million something contract back in the day? And that's that. So yeah it's not necessarily fair to be quite honest with you,
wow. We got
Well
you and true, you should come through what's up with that?
That's sports.
That's awesome.
let me just interject with this, You can no longer see for some reason my screen has an outline of black screen
with an outline of a man and
mike
from the corner that's showing me speaking. And you you disappeared.
My
No,
it's
good.
Well then you're back, you're back. Okay. You're back. That was
weird.
Sorry.
To
what?
I don't know if in the midst of you explaining concrete and stuff. So what this concrete stuff
like what,
like, like something must have caught your attention.
But
you know from watching movies, like how are you familiar with them?
What?
And he's not what's even
oh this is his book, Wind trump the name of the book.
What's
not working?
I thought you should have came from the group.
Right, okay. All right, I'll look it up.
it is.
I like the sound.
let me ask you a question. Uh Did you uh I haven't seen this and I'm curious and it's on my uh there's so many shows I need to watch now. I obviously watch the karate kid at some point. Right? Yes, you did out
over tie the thing on netflix. Did you watch that?
Are you aware?
Cobra
Kai is daniel, whatever, you know, Ralph Macchio and the other guy that like, kind of a dick from the other Cobra Kai area, like a crime remembers like his adversary, like Mr Miyagi long gone. Mr Miyagi is like with you know, he's
are
you
All
Well,
I tell you why, because we're watching like the kick ass fighting and the pot was
you know, you're creating the fighting obviously in your interest. Yeah,
very good. I haven't seen it, but probably it's very good.
You Oh, but by the way, you go here, let me take your roommate. Just be smart to be careful about that. You know what I'm saying? Because
it's
in the world
well.
And
then
You also want to be able to hopefully meet that person kind of because you don't want somebody coming in something. You got this pain, the ass that you want to deal with. You know
I mean?
careful. You do a gold card. That's
all you
know.
Just for
You too nice talking to you
and it. Bye. How do we find anymore?
All
Would
you excuse us out? No. Hold
Are here? I'm going to go Okay. Now I like this question. So I think I think
I'm ready
to say
goodbye.
I went back to the survey and uh and I uh, as I said, this is the first time I actually spoke to me show
you, uh,
twice, Twice. Yes, right
at the altar.
but yeah,
Well,
your kid,
you can't X out like, you know, like you can't just close
the page
up.
I'm gonna very abruptly say goodbye to you, corrupt
And