SPEAKER_L: no. Mhm mm. Yeah. Mhm. All of them. It was true. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. I'm not sure. Oh. Uh huh Thank you. Mhm. Part of of course. Okay I think yeah. Yeah. Hi
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: how are you?
SPEAKER_R: I know. How are you?
SPEAKER_L: I'm good. Um Have you been doing prolific long?
SPEAKER_R: Um Not really. I only started maybe like a week or two ago. I I've done one other of use of like better up conversation once before though. How about you? Mhm.
SPEAKER_L: I was involved in the last batch and I got about two in and I guess this was probably my second one of the second group that we can do at least six. I was talking to a girl last time. She had done six previously.
SPEAKER_R: Oh what? You can do six per like oh I thought it was just six total.
SPEAKER_L: No no you
SPEAKER_R: No
SPEAKER_L: can sign
SPEAKER_R: that's
SPEAKER_L: up again. Yeah this one is a pretty good one because uh relative to what you put into it. Right?
SPEAKER_R: Right. It's only that's like 14 bucks or so for like 45 minutes. Like you know it's it's a good deal.
SPEAKER_L: it's good from like you're sitting at in your desk and you're not doing anything particularly so
SPEAKER_R: Yeah that's pretty true. It pays more than my actual job so. Right.
SPEAKER_L: well I used to have a job so I don't have one so this is sort of like I uh right now I just started it doesn't pay the bills or anything my partner
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: now but at the same time it makes me feel like it's okay when I take my son out to lunch and things like that, you know?
SPEAKER_R: yeah. Yeah I get what you mean there. Yeah I like recently just got a job to after not working for a while and it's like not a lot of money but it makes me feel like I can just do some things without having like it's nice to not have to like ask for money. So. Yeah
SPEAKER_L: he's pretty good about that, but I don't like to uh take advantage.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. That's what I feel like I'm like like I don't want to ask for anything that's not like entirely necessary, you know, stuff like that, so. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: So yeah, prolific is pretty good. One thing that I like about even their surveys is that uh you hardly ever get like disqualified, They're kind of like you. Mhm
SPEAKER_R: I said I don't think I ever have actually. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: I think one time, because I just in fact, if it happens to you right to the researcher, because I saw something about like uh entrepreneurial opinions about being an entrepreneur or something like that, something along that line and some years ago because I'm older, I had been involved with a start up company. So I said, ok, let's try it. And it was like the second or third question, It said, do you own a business right now? And I said no. And I was disqualified.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, that's kinda odd. Yeah. Well, I mean did they
SPEAKER_L: What?
SPEAKER_R: talk to the researcher, did they like get it all sorted out?
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Because then I got a note that said like, oh uh your response has been rejected because you didn't take enough time to finish the the questions. And I said, boy, that's wrong. And I don't know what rejected means. It could be bad. So I said, hey, this is why I started taking it because I had had some experience in the past. So I didn't know that it had to be like right now. And uh and that's why I only answered three questions and then he said, oh, no problem. And he gave me the full amount.
SPEAKER_R: that's a good deal.
SPEAKER_L: I thought, you know, I would get 10 cents or something, but or nothing, but just not get rejected. So it's good to talk, right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah, I kind of said genuinely all been like pretty uh you know uh open to communication and stuff and usually they are like pretty clear with the instructions anyway and everything. It's nice.
SPEAKER_L: I think it's nice prolific is nice because it's actually a lot of times it's actual research, so it's not like so much into marketing.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. Yeah, I hate taking those marketing surveys and stuff like I tried this for a while and I just yeah, like I think it's actually contributing to something rather than just like letting people sell more stuff, so.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, like how can they brainwash us better? Right. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: God. Yeah, it feels less like creepy.
SPEAKER_L: Were part of the country? Are you in?
SPEAKER_R: I'm from texas. What about you?
SPEAKER_L: Uh Well, I grew up in California, but right now I'm in Washington state.
SPEAKER_R: Well that's not. Is it cold up there right now?
SPEAKER_L: Uh It's getting nippy. Yeah. Yeah. We have some winters that when I moved here about 12 years ago, winters were like hardly ever snow, like two days, maybe in the whole here it would snow even though I was up on a hill. Uh And I think that the weather is getting more erratic, like
SPEAKER_R: honey.
SPEAKER_L: we've had some winters that have been like real snow, like feet of snow rather than inches.
SPEAKER_R: I don't think I've never actually seen that much like ever, well not since I've moved from Virginia when I was like really little, so I'm like nervous to like move my partner and I are talking about moving to somewhere that could potentially be colder and I'm just like, oh, I'm going to die. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: we don't die. But uh the only good thing is that sometimes if you don't feel like it, you can have an excuse, I'm in a hill and it's snowing and it's too dangerous for me to get a okay.
SPEAKER_R: is a very good point. Yeah, Well, I'm chronically ill too, so like a lot of times, like my pain levels will go up when it's really cold, so what?
SPEAKER_L: that's bad. Then you need to stay in the south.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, but like, I don't want to stay in this house that I don't even really want to stay in the States honestly, because it's, you know,
SPEAKER_L: So how has Covid been treating you?
SPEAKER_R: I mean, it's been all right for me so far. Like I had to leave work like um before I think we've got really bad anyway because of my health, so because I was doing like a like a really physical job before and then it just kind of like my health just so I had to like, I mean, I've just been home for the most part anyway. What
SPEAKER_L: You
SPEAKER_R: about you?
SPEAKER_L: wanna be careful? I'm pretty good. Uh Yeah, just the fact that I can't do what I used to do which was taking care of an older lady because um I was like her assistant at home and that was pretty easy and nice. I learned all about her family. I would just give her her meds and prepare like light meals and things like that. I didn't have to do major things like um like injections or washing her or anything like that. She was barely mobile uh and
SPEAKER_R: I guess
SPEAKER_L: just
SPEAKER_R: that,
SPEAKER_L: give her like emotional support, which was nice. But now her daughter doesn't have a job so she's staying home with her mom. So
SPEAKER_R: I mean that's it's good for, I guess.
SPEAKER_L: it is good. And also even when I went to visit her just to check up uh they were so worried that I saw her from the window. I talked to her from the window because when you're very old obviously you're going to be we're not catching things. Um.
SPEAKER_R: I actually had to grab like that too for a while. I was a caretaker for people with developmental disabilities, but my patients were all like a lot, like I pretty much didn't have any ambulatory patients at all, so like
SPEAKER_L: That was hard. My son. Um I guess one of the things that we were thinking about, my son has autism. Um And he was diagnosed pretty late because we knew he had some problems like dysgraphia and short term memory problems that I took him to. A million things. You know when he was growing up brain gym uh like electrodes in his scalp. Real things something I don't remember what it's called. Um So many things and it was like a developmental um deficit non specified. So it was only until he
SPEAKER_R: Well,
SPEAKER_L: was in high school. I mean who is always on an I. E. P. Or something that I he said I think I'm depressed. So I took him to a psychologist which wasn't easy to get one and then she said oh I can't work with him because he has autism. So then that was the label you know
SPEAKER_R: But she can't work with him because he has autism. That's very odd.
SPEAKER_L: that was a disappointment. But now he's like a grown young man and he tried college. He did the two years and he wanted to do different things but he failed at everything. So I helped him with a general ed but he wanted to go into uh welding like a technical college. And then he did he wasn't up to it, he tried something else and he wasn't up to it. Um
SPEAKER_R: I won't.
SPEAKER_L: So it's right now he's not doing anything. He's very um like into himself. He just plays video games all the time. So my ex husband lives in a place in Olympia, which is the capital of Washington. And they had a program. But then with Covid, everything was shut down well, probably it's starting up again. And my ex husband was saying, but I don't know if you I want him to get a temporary job or a place holder job right now because of Covid, because he feels like he's not well and hell if Alex gets it, he'll get it. So I said, well maybe
SPEAKER_R: Well, that's
SPEAKER_L: even
SPEAKER_R: not
SPEAKER_L: the whole purpose of it is like he has a trust fund, but the whole purpose of it is that a person has to have some kind of project in life, right? Even if money you have to have something that takes you out of the house, especially if you like him that doesn't talk to anybody, doesn't make friends. So
SPEAKER_R: Does he tell people online when he's playing games?
SPEAKER_L: sometimes, but I don't think he um communicates beyond whatever he's doing for his game.
SPEAKER_R: Oh yeah, I see. Uh huh
SPEAKER_L: Like he's really shy. Um, It doesn't help that his dad is too. And I'm meeting, I think both both of his, me and his dad were are introverts, so it's fantastic. So now we're thinking well, and I said, well, you know, even if he does something at home that will build his confidence, it's like baby steps, like get him doing something anything. But Covid really has put a damper on, on things. It's like being on hold
SPEAKER_R: Right. You really can't do that much. Like everyone's just kind of been on hold for almost a year now and still not like much of an end and say like, you know, I know there was
SPEAKER_L: now.
SPEAKER_R: that vaccine, but it's not like, you know, available to the public yet. So it's still, you know,
SPEAKER_L: We
SPEAKER_R: if that's
SPEAKER_L: have
SPEAKER_R: gonna
SPEAKER_L: opened
SPEAKER_R: take
SPEAKER_L: up a little bit. We had opened up a little bit and then in Washington, I don't know about texas, but cases started spiking again and we, we were having like 5000 day in this county. And uh, there are measures again for only having take out and limiting. So for at least four weeks we're going to have to have a partial lockdown again.
SPEAKER_R: Oh there yeah, texas is not even that careful, like texas pretty much only closed down for two weeks and then everything is like whatever were born now, so, so
SPEAKER_L: Yeah, People do that. People get bored. But our places. I haven't, I mean I've seen the general map when I've seen the news and it seems like a lot of areas are red like meaning it's not
SPEAKER_R: Very
SPEAKER_L: gold. How is texas specifically?
SPEAKER_R: I'm pretty sure texas is really bad. Like I know the Houston hospitals have gotten really bad, like that's where I'm from, but I'm not living there now. I want to see actually how bad is texas. Uh let's see map of covid cases. Yeah, texas is like uh texas is they're pretty red. Like here's like what I'm seeing right
SPEAKER_L: yeah,
SPEAKER_R: now.
SPEAKER_L: it's pretty much among the worst.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah, it's pretty rough.
SPEAKER_L: My my partners um son works in uh like telekom like Verizon or something and uh they are deemed essential and he smokes and he had an automat accident. So he has like he's missing the spleen, he's not 100% healthy. And one point he got to work and they put a lot of pressure on him to make the numbers make, the numbers may sell sell sell sell. So
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: it
SPEAKER_R: hate
SPEAKER_L: was
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: when
SPEAKER_R: stuff.
SPEAKER_L: people aren't coming in. So he's got to work and he started vomiting and felt bad and he called me and
SPEAKER_R: No.
SPEAKER_L: I and I found for him like where he could get tested. But it really brought um brought it home that anybody, I mean he's 30 and we're like 57 58. So it really brought it home that you know that it's it can happen to somebody close to you even if 30 is still pretty young for me. I know you're really young but thirties young, right? And somebody that's pretty healthy, I mean pretty, but anybody can get it. I mean
SPEAKER_R: exactly. And like people, I think a lot of people who don't realize that there's actually a lot of things that make you high risk, like my parents think that they're going to be fun, but they both have hypertension which actually classifies you as high risk. So I don't know it like freaks me out when they, you know, talk about just going out all the time and all that. And I like sit at home and worry here because there like they don't live with me. So I don't know.
SPEAKER_L: well another thing I was talking to a young man that was 21 that works with my uh my uh partner and he was saying oh but when people get it for the most part it's not that bad. And of course he's 21 he's athletic and he's healthy and I was saying yeah you may not be worried about it. But what if you talk to someone who's also young and healthy like you and they go home and they kiss their grandmother and then she dies.
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. Like I, I feel like a lot of people don't see that part, They're just like, well I don't have it so it's fine you know
SPEAKER_L: Or even
SPEAKER_R: like.
SPEAKER_L: my parents are okay and everybody I know is okay, but we don't see it and you don't see the hospitals either unless you get sick. I had food poisoning. And I went to the emergency room and then I was telling the nurse, do you guys have a lot of covid? And she's like, oh, yeah. You know, so I wouldn't have known that if I hadn't asked
SPEAKER_R: Born.
SPEAKER_L: the nerves, even if I were there, I wouldn't have known that. Because
SPEAKER_R: yeah there's all these conspiracy things like oh like all this stuff is going to die down after the election. It's all political
SPEAKER_L: how
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: can
SPEAKER_R: people
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: take
SPEAKER_L: be?
SPEAKER_R: the numbers right?
SPEAKER_L: And it has
SPEAKER_R: Like
SPEAKER_L: been,
SPEAKER_R: your job.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah. Even even um someone that was running a room for me that wasn't too bright or anything, she even noticed. He said, well, how can it be a conspiracy if it's all over the world? What kind of conspiracy is that?
SPEAKER_R: Exactly like it's not just like about the american election like uh
SPEAKER_L: Well if what was the conspiracy here? Uh only if it's if it suited Russia maybe they wouldn't say anything. But you see the news that it's everywhere that it's in africa and it's in Asia that it's in the Middle East that it's in south America. There isn't one place where it isn't
SPEAKER_R: exactly. I know England's like super bad too. I know the U. K. Has just gotten really bad so like
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: everywhere
SPEAKER_L: glad. Oh my gosh.
SPEAKER_R: but I don't know why it's like turning into some political thing to not want other people to die so
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: I don't I
SPEAKER_L: it's
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: funny because nothing has actually worked. I know that Sweden I read was doing the herd immunity thing at first and they thought it was going to work and it didn't work. Then I read other places that had really draconian measures but they're kind of poor. So as soon as they started opening up it spiked um I even Korea which was doing the best has had some cases because people go back to having parties. I mean. Yeah.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Yeah and I don't care what people think like it's actually worse here than it is like in china where it was supposed to have originated from so like I don't get what people think that it's like useless to shut down or anything people don't know just worried more about the economy than people dying and I don't
SPEAKER_L: Well
SPEAKER_R: know
SPEAKER_L: I think that in this case is where paternal paternalism comes in right because china has a paternalistic system and every system has its strengths and weaknesses. So in this case paternalism paternalism and people actually having some kind of if not trust respect for authority. That's where it comes the positive side of it. I always say people are so um polarized these days right into right and left in our society and everywhere because they're saying the same thing. I have a cousin in Argentina that is sending me things about conspiracies, the same thing as the right wing people here. So it's
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: kind of
SPEAKER_R: only
SPEAKER_L: global right? It's
SPEAKER_R: back.
SPEAKER_L: a global life uh dividing dividing people.
SPEAKER_R: Right, we'll see. And I feel like everything lately has just made the U. S. So like a merry centric, you know, so people like people are like kind of closing off their minds and like their information to the rest of the world at the moment because there's so much going on just here and it's kind
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: of
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: making people.
SPEAKER_L: it's overwhelmed. Yeah. Is
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: overwhelmed.
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I I knew people that
SPEAKER_R: And
SPEAKER_L: went to china before china started opening up. So um so it was more enclosed society and when they
SPEAKER_R: three
SPEAKER_L: saw foreigners they were really interested and they actually knew a lot because because it was kind of forbidden a little bit. They were more interested. I think the U. S. Is um the global leader as far as military and finances and uh that makes it like Rome right? Like were everything well people aren't that interested. Don't
SPEAKER_R: I don't
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: think
SPEAKER_R: I feel
SPEAKER_L: that
SPEAKER_R: like it's
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: just everyone
SPEAKER_L: it's like falling
SPEAKER_R: works
SPEAKER_L: asleep
SPEAKER_R: like everyone
SPEAKER_L: in your laurels like you made it, you're so successful now you don't have
SPEAKER_R: hey man.
SPEAKER_L: to learn
SPEAKER_R: Which
SPEAKER_L: from
SPEAKER_R: is
SPEAKER_L: others.
SPEAKER_R: because our country is like one of the uh we're technically like the worst off out of a lot of developed countries. Like we have like some of the poorest middle class and the least amount of health care and like all this other stuff like we have, we're supposed to have all these resources, but like they don't actually make it down to most people, so
SPEAKER_L: I
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: think it has to do
SPEAKER_R: no.
SPEAKER_L: with the strength of diversity and the and the weakness of diversity because people have gotten more self sufficient general I think. And then when they say oh dem demographics is changing so the youth aren't exactly like me so I'm not going to pull for the youth anymore. That's how I feel. I read things like uh from AARP and I understand that of course people have worked hard and they deserve their Social Security and all of that. But I think that people are really pulling only for themselves. Like the old people are only pulling for themselves, They're not thinking like what about jobs for the young? The young need jobs. You know,
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. But then there's no actual jobs available to young people. Like, especially if you don't have an education yet. Like it's pretty much just like you're lucky if you can get maybe $10 an hour. Like that's lucky. So it's crazy.
SPEAKER_L: I was telling that to the 21 year old that works uh in the jewelry company that um my my uh my partner works in, he's 21 years old, he didn't go to college, his family just gave him a job in their jewelry store and he's learning auto cat and things like that. He's designing, he's not very good and he complains that he does, his uncle just bought him a big um suv like really high end uh and everything and he's complaining he doesn't make enough money. And I said honey kids that have just had finished uh college and maybe even have a master's degree and they don't have the job that you have it.
SPEAKER_R: And he gets a free car to like your cars
SPEAKER_L: it's crazy.
SPEAKER_R: so much
SPEAKER_L: Everybody
SPEAKER_R: of your money.
SPEAKER_L: is like they don't see the
SPEAKER_R: That's
SPEAKER_L: situation
SPEAKER_R: crazy.
SPEAKER_L: and or and older people made me make me upset too when they're like really against the younger generation and they say, well they're just entitled and this and that and I was like no you are entitled to. First of all, some things are developmental and another thing is that they aren't making it, they were promised something and the society isn't giving them what they were promised, right?
SPEAKER_R: Like you are all these things right. Like you can go to school and do all these things, but then you end up like $200,000 in debt. And with a job that maybe pays you like $15 an hour, like at best.
SPEAKER_L: you start off behind and that's if we could get a good job right, if
SPEAKER_R: It's
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: necklace
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: and
SPEAKER_L: you
SPEAKER_R: some
SPEAKER_L: don't
SPEAKER_R: people don't
SPEAKER_L: with
SPEAKER_R: have jobs at all.
SPEAKER_L: a master's or even a PhD and working as a waitress.
SPEAKER_R: Mhm. Like you're lucky if you can find even in any job in your field like let alone like get a good wage. So.
SPEAKER_L: My my father always says that when he was young because he's like 91 he says people thought about retiring because they wanted, I mean societies uh dialogue was you should retire because there are in those days young men that need to start their families so they need the jobs right? Don't be selfish. But unfortunately now I think it's economic too, I think some people are selfish and I think some people are you know 70 years old and sadly they still need to work because they
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. Look, I've met people who are like in their seventies like working like at retail jobs and stuff like that, still like doing physical work and it's like I just
SPEAKER_L: fried.
SPEAKER_R: saw.
SPEAKER_L: It's sad what happened to our society is I think there there isn't any um hope that much. Like I was reading that that uh the way most people are buying houses, they're not buying houses now they're inheriting or So it's more
SPEAKER_R: When?
SPEAKER_L: like uh where I was born in south America, that already has happened, so it's more like it's going in the direction of places that are now kind of semi failed. It's kind of scary.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And now there's uh there's supposed to be another wave of evictions coming out in like january already
SPEAKER_L: What's
SPEAKER_R: and like
SPEAKER_L: this? Oh my God, no we didn't speak 25 minutes did we?
SPEAKER_R: I don't think so. I have
SPEAKER_L: No because it's 12 24 at least. I don't know when we started like 12 01 or something so
SPEAKER_R: From the entire
SPEAKER_L: we should do
SPEAKER_R: nation.
SPEAKER_L: more minutes otherwise we won't fulfilled.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah right there. Yeah. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: But I wish that there were more positive things. Also something that people that come from abroad notice and it's not only the us that the media scaring us too much negative neg negativity. Don't you think that when people are really scared they become more conservative and they become more um reactive and let less deep thinking so we really want to be careful about that.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. And like, I don't know, it's just crazy to me, like I don't, and the fact that so many things like uh turn into politics when like, like I I feel like human rights and things like that shouldn't just be political at all. Like politics shouldn't, you know, we shouldn't have to decide every every four years whether or not we get rights or not.
SPEAKER_L: true, that's true. There
SPEAKER_R: instead
SPEAKER_L: are some some continuity but even like okay I don't know your politics but I can I can surmise. I did not like trump, he's a
SPEAKER_R: no,
SPEAKER_L: narcissist
SPEAKER_R: me neither.
SPEAKER_L: and he says outrageous things. And to me being outrageous, doesn't mean being honest and being polite, doesn't mean not being honest, right? Uh I know politicians are bad, but we should have some politeness. I'm not a
SPEAKER_R: like
SPEAKER_L: little level of behind this, right?
SPEAKER_R: Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah,
SPEAKER_R: Well
SPEAKER_L: but the
SPEAKER_R: I
SPEAKER_L: world
SPEAKER_R: don't
SPEAKER_L: hasn't ended either. It's not like we all disappeared or something. So when with biden coming in, I mean, he's like kind of average, but it's not going to be the end of the world either. It's not gonna be a savior and it's not going to be the end of the world. There are no saviors, really.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. Well largely to because basically the whole democratic party just so let's just pick the lesser of two evils, so we end up with we just keep ending up with like further like the democratic party just keep scooting right to match the right wing party. So
SPEAKER_L: I won't
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: because the people are so loud on the ride there. Really
SPEAKER_R: I heard
SPEAKER_L: wild.
SPEAKER_R: that everyone else. Yeah.
SPEAKER_L: Um my partner, we were going to visit my son in Olympia and he took a picture um of these people that were for a Republican candidate. And there was this woman that was in blue and and and red and white, you know, like very patriotic and on each side she had guns like he had two guns, one here like on a holster type thing and one here and she was jumping up and down with like uh political stuff. And I'm saying, ok, she she wants to be for gun rights. I said, I understand that. But on the other hand, it also also seems like intimidating
SPEAKER_R: exactly like people were standing out and protesting in front of like polling places with guns like that's it's seen
SPEAKER_L: that what that should be like, they should stay stand far away. I saw that in the news that there were people that the police had to escort them. I would be afraid if I was one of those barely paid or volunteer people doing all that hard
SPEAKER_R: great
SPEAKER_L: work.
SPEAKER_R: more. Yeah and but then there's still all these people like it's like the most closely watched election of all time and like uh people are still claiming that it's like its fake and people you know like votes were faked and everything and I don't know it's crazy
SPEAKER_L: We're too much conspiracy theories. And uh I don't know, it's not just Russia, Russia's fault. I always said that with the with the media stuff that Russia did. Um I mean, I think people try different countries try to um interfere with their rivals business all the time. It always has happened. But what about the mentality of the people that just believe outrageous thing? Because those kids that were laughing and and making up things and wherever they were in europe and like uh Macedonia or someplace I read, they were just having fun. They were saying, let's think of something else stupid, and they were
SPEAKER_R: so
SPEAKER_L: like
SPEAKER_R: go
SPEAKER_L: making
SPEAKER_R: on.
SPEAKER_L: memes right and laughing okay. They were getting paid to do that and they were having fun and they were coming up with really stupid memes, but some people were just buying it, what's wrong?
SPEAKER_R: I get it. I don't get it like uh my mother once told me something about how like in like planned parenthood and stuff that they were harvesting organs and all these things and like I I don't even know that there was like you know like
SPEAKER_L: How can that be? You know, you have to say, well, what what is the mechanism for that? Is it that when somebody is getting an abortion, let's say that they're under than they do some other things. But think about that takes time, right? And then the person wakes up, they'll notice that they have a scar where they weren't supposed to have it. Are there like a million times, like, like lots of reports about women saying I have this strange scar. Wouldn't you see that on the news?
SPEAKER_R: yeah I don't even know like or that they're hard like they're like trying to push people to have abortions like when they're like four months in or something like crazy stuff like that like. Like no people don't have abortions
SPEAKER_L: Well, I
SPEAKER_R: that
SPEAKER_L: don't I don't believe
SPEAKER_R: there.
SPEAKER_L: in late term abortions unless it's like something that is extraordinary, right? But but at the same time, I don't know, it's a slippery slope to start legal uh, to start curtailing thanks so much.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. Well the thing is the thing that they don't actually perform, no one has a late term abortion unless you it is medically necessary. Like if you wanted to have an abortion, you would have had it months ago before it kept wrecking your body the pregnancy and everything. So it's I don't
SPEAKER_L: the
SPEAKER_R: know.
SPEAKER_L: mother is going to die or something. Of course.
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. The only way it happens like
SPEAKER_L: Well,
SPEAKER_R: no one,
SPEAKER_L: that that is definitely a baby in there before, when it's a fetus. I mean, people have spontaneous abortions all the time, so there that they don't have a heart, they don't have a brain, you know? Um, I don't know. And, and besides that, it shouldn't be. I remember I helped an organization that was religious become incorporated. And I remember one of the rules was to not be as, as a nonprofit religious organizations to not be actively involved in politics
SPEAKER_R: That's God.
SPEAKER_L: in order
SPEAKER_R: I mean
SPEAKER_L: to get that tax break. They had to promise. Now, I don't know if that's true. That was in California. I don't know if that's true everywhere, but it seems like, uh, churches and things had, a lot of them have become primarily political.
SPEAKER_R: exactly. Like a lot of them are like do have like political involvement and like a lot of policies are written based on political are based on religious arguments and things like that.
SPEAKER_L: And I can understand people voting for their constituency or their beliefs, but why is it necessary for people to want to make laws for everybody? Right,
SPEAKER_R: Exactly. Like if you are not for abortions just don't get an abortion. So
SPEAKER_L: or
SPEAKER_R: it's
SPEAKER_L: even have counseling in your church that where people
SPEAKER_R: war.
SPEAKER_L: come in and you give them counseling, you know? But don't go out there and uh and and and and you know, uh my ex husband had a colleague who went one time to uh an abortion clinic and was holding hands with other people. They made a line so that the people that the doctors and the patients which weren't all there for getting an abortion obviously for all all hyper things wouldn't get harassed. And one of the things that was happening was cameras came in and these people that pretended to be so nice and good. One lady was like crouching in front of her and stabbing her hand, hoping that she would like push her or something so that it would look like the people that were there to protect the clinic were evil
SPEAKER_R: Yeah. That's crazy. I I can't stand that stuff.
SPEAKER_L: that's hurting someone. She actually ended up with a bloody hand.
SPEAKER_R: Oh my God. That's crazy like. Yes, let's protect our life but let me stab this lady. God.
SPEAKER_L: And also and then what about the kids that are born are they should be the first ones and then that should be volunteering and like in orphanages and they should be the ones that are saying like we should give poor poor women all the vitamins and prenatal care because
SPEAKER_R: Background
SPEAKER_L: if they really care about life they should be caring about not an unborn life only but born life too.
SPEAKER_R: exactly that I just don't get all these arguments here like yes, let's not be anti abortion but also anti social services. I don't know anyway. I do have to run. I have a doctor's appointment coming
SPEAKER_L: we'll
SPEAKER_R: up, but
SPEAKER_L: taste.
SPEAKER_R: really nice talking to you.
SPEAKER_L: Yeah it was nice meeting you. Stay safe. What?
SPEAKER_R: Thank you. You too.
SPEAKER_L: Take care? Uh huh.