no. Mhm mm. Yeah. Mhm. All of them. It was true. Mhm. Yeah. Uh huh. I'm not sure. Oh. Uh huh Thank you. Mhm. Part of of course. Okay I think yeah. Yeah. Hi
how are you?
I'm good. Um Have you been doing prolific long?
I was involved in the last batch and I got about two in and I guess this was probably my second one of the second group that we can do at least six. I was talking to a girl last time. She had done six previously.
No no you
can sign
up again. Yeah this one is a pretty good one because uh relative to what you put into it. Right?
it's good from like you're sitting at in your desk and you're not doing anything particularly so
well I used to have a job so I don't have one so this is sort of like I uh right now I just started it doesn't pay the bills or anything my partner
now but at the same time it makes me feel like it's okay when I take my son out to lunch and things like that, you know?
he's pretty good about that, but I don't like to uh take advantage.
So yeah, prolific is pretty good. One thing that I like about even their surveys is that uh you hardly ever get like disqualified, They're kind of like you. Mhm
I think one time, because I just in fact, if it happens to you right to the researcher, because I saw something about like uh entrepreneurial opinions about being an entrepreneur or something like that, something along that line and some years ago because I'm older, I had been involved with a start up company. So I said, ok, let's try it. And it was like the second or third question, It said, do you own a business right now? And I said no. And I was disqualified.
What?
Yeah. Because then I got a note that said like, oh uh your response has been rejected because you didn't take enough time to finish the the questions. And I said, boy, that's wrong. And I don't know what rejected means. It could be bad. So I said, hey, this is why I started taking it because I had had some experience in the past. So I didn't know that it had to be like right now. And uh and that's why I only answered three questions and then he said, oh, no problem. And he gave me the full amount.
I thought, you know, I would get 10 cents or something, but or nothing, but just not get rejected. So it's good to talk, right?
I think it's nice prolific is nice because it's actually a lot of times it's actual research, so it's not like so much into marketing.
Yeah, like how can they brainwash us better? Right. Yeah.
Were part of the country? Are you in?
Uh Well, I grew up in California, but right now I'm in Washington state.
Uh It's getting nippy. Yeah. Yeah. We have some winters that when I moved here about 12 years ago, winters were like hardly ever snow, like two days, maybe in the whole here it would snow even though I was up on a hill. Uh And I think that the weather is getting more erratic, like
we've had some winters that have been like real snow, like feet of snow rather than inches.
we don't die. But uh the only good thing is that sometimes if you don't feel like it, you can have an excuse, I'm in a hill and it's snowing and it's too dangerous for me to get a okay.
that's bad. Then you need to stay in the south.
So how has Covid been treating you?
You
wanna be careful? I'm pretty good. Uh Yeah, just the fact that I can't do what I used to do which was taking care of an older lady because um I was like her assistant at home and that was pretty easy and nice. I learned all about her family. I would just give her her meds and prepare like light meals and things like that. I didn't have to do major things like um like injections or washing her or anything like that. She was barely mobile uh and
just
give her like emotional support, which was nice. But now her daughter doesn't have a job so she's staying home with her mom. So
it is good. And also even when I went to visit her just to check up uh they were so worried that I saw her from the window. I talked to her from the window because when you're very old obviously you're going to be we're not catching things. Um.
That was hard. My son. Um I guess one of the things that we were thinking about, my son has autism. Um And he was diagnosed pretty late because we knew he had some problems like dysgraphia and short term memory problems that I took him to. A million things. You know when he was growing up brain gym uh like electrodes in his scalp. Real things something I don't remember what it's called. Um So many things and it was like a developmental um deficit non specified. So it was only until he
was in high school. I mean who is always on an I. E. P. Or something that I he said I think I'm depressed. So I took him to a psychologist which wasn't easy to get one and then she said oh I can't work with him because he has autism. So then that was the label you know
that was a disappointment. But now he's like a grown young man and he tried college. He did the two years and he wanted to do different things but he failed at everything. So I helped him with a general ed but he wanted to go into uh welding like a technical college. And then he did he wasn't up to it, he tried something else and he wasn't up to it. Um
So it's right now he's not doing anything. He's very um like into himself. He just plays video games all the time. So my ex husband lives in a place in Olympia, which is the capital of Washington. And they had a program. But then with Covid, everything was shut down well, probably it's starting up again. And my ex husband was saying, but I don't know if you I want him to get a temporary job or a place holder job right now because of Covid, because he feels like he's not well and hell if Alex gets it, he'll get it. So I said, well maybe
even
the whole purpose of it is like he has a trust fund, but the whole purpose of it is that a person has to have some kind of project in life, right? Even if money you have to have something that takes you out of the house, especially if you like him that doesn't talk to anybody, doesn't make friends. So
sometimes, but I don't think he um communicates beyond whatever he's doing for his game.
Like he's really shy. Um, It doesn't help that his dad is too. And I'm meeting, I think both both of his, me and his dad were are introverts, so it's fantastic. So now we're thinking well, and I said, well, you know, even if he does something at home that will build his confidence, it's like baby steps, like get him doing something anything. But Covid really has put a damper on, on things. It's like being on hold
now.
We
have
opened
up a little bit. We had opened up a little bit and then in Washington, I don't know about texas, but cases started spiking again and we, we were having like 5000 day in this county. And uh, there are measures again for only having take out and limiting. So for at least four weeks we're going to have to have a partial lockdown again.
Yeah, People do that. People get bored. But our places. I haven't, I mean I've seen the general map when I've seen the news and it seems like a lot of areas are red like meaning it's not
gold. How is texas specifically?
yeah,
it's pretty much among the worst.
My my partners um son works in uh like telekom like Verizon or something and uh they are deemed essential and he smokes and he had an automat accident. So he has like he's missing the spleen, he's not 100% healthy. And one point he got to work and they put a lot of pressure on him to make the numbers make, the numbers may sell sell sell sell. So
it
was
when
people aren't coming in. So he's got to work and he started vomiting and felt bad and he called me and
I and I found for him like where he could get tested. But it really brought um brought it home that anybody, I mean he's 30 and we're like 57 58. So it really brought it home that you know that it's it can happen to somebody close to you even if 30 is still pretty young for me. I know you're really young but thirties young, right? And somebody that's pretty healthy, I mean pretty, but anybody can get it. I mean
well another thing I was talking to a young man that was 21 that works with my uh my uh partner and he was saying oh but when people get it for the most part it's not that bad. And of course he's 21 he's athletic and he's healthy and I was saying yeah you may not be worried about it. But what if you talk to someone who's also young and healthy like you and they go home and they kiss their grandmother and then she dies.
Or even
my parents are okay and everybody I know is okay, but we don't see it and you don't see the hospitals either unless you get sick. I had food poisoning. And I went to the emergency room and then I was telling the nurse, do you guys have a lot of covid? And she's like, oh, yeah. You know, so I wouldn't have known that if I hadn't asked
the nerves, even if I were there, I wouldn't have known that. Because
how
can
that
be?
And it has
been,
Yeah. Even even um someone that was running a room for me that wasn't too bright or anything, she even noticed. He said, well, how can it be a conspiracy if it's all over the world? What kind of conspiracy is that?
Well if what was the conspiracy here? Uh only if it's if it suited Russia maybe they wouldn't say anything. But you see the news that it's everywhere that it's in africa and it's in Asia that it's in the Middle East that it's in south America. There isn't one place where it isn't
I
glad. Oh my gosh.
Well
it's
funny because nothing has actually worked. I know that Sweden I read was doing the herd immunity thing at first and they thought it was going to work and it didn't work. Then I read other places that had really draconian measures but they're kind of poor. So as soon as they started opening up it spiked um I even Korea which was doing the best has had some cases because people go back to having parties. I mean. Yeah.
Well
I think that in this case is where paternal paternalism comes in right because china has a paternalistic system and every system has its strengths and weaknesses. So in this case paternalism paternalism and people actually having some kind of if not trust respect for authority. That's where it comes the positive side of it. I always say people are so um polarized these days right into right and left in our society and everywhere because they're saying the same thing. I have a cousin in Argentina that is sending me things about conspiracies, the same thing as the right wing people here. So it's
kind of
global right? It's
a global life uh dividing dividing people.
I
think
it's overwhelmed. Yeah. Is
overwhelmed.
I I knew people that
went to china before china started opening up. So um so it was more enclosed society and when they
saw foreigners they were really interested and they actually knew a lot because because it was kind of forbidden a little bit. They were more interested. I think the U. S. Is um the global leader as far as military and finances and uh that makes it like Rome right? Like were everything well people aren't that interested. Don't
you
think
that
like
it's like falling
asleep
in your laurels like you made it, you're so successful now you don't have
to learn
from
others.
I
think it has to do
with the strength of diversity and the and the weakness of diversity because people have gotten more self sufficient general I think. And then when they say oh dem demographics is changing so the youth aren't exactly like me so I'm not going to pull for the youth anymore. That's how I feel. I read things like uh from AARP and I understand that of course people have worked hard and they deserve their Social Security and all of that. But I think that people are really pulling only for themselves. Like the old people are only pulling for themselves, They're not thinking like what about jobs for the young? The young need jobs. You know,
I was telling that to the 21 year old that works uh in the jewelry company that um my my uh my partner works in, he's 21 years old, he didn't go to college, his family just gave him a job in their jewelry store and he's learning auto cat and things like that. He's designing, he's not very good and he complains that he does, his uncle just bought him a big um suv like really high end uh and everything and he's complaining he doesn't make enough money. And I said honey kids that have just had finished uh college and maybe even have a master's degree and they don't have the job that you have it.
it's crazy.
Everybody
is like they don't see the
situation
and or and older people made me make me upset too when they're like really against the younger generation and they say, well they're just entitled and this and that and I was like no you are entitled to. First of all, some things are developmental and another thing is that they aren't making it, they were promised something and the society isn't giving them what they were promised, right?
you start off behind and that's if we could get a good job right, if
you
don't
you
don't
with
a master's or even a PhD and working as a waitress.
My my father always says that when he was young because he's like 91 he says people thought about retiring because they wanted, I mean societies uh dialogue was you should retire because there are in those days young men that need to start their families so they need the jobs right? Don't be selfish. But unfortunately now I think it's economic too, I think some people are selfish and I think some people are you know 70 years old and sadly they still need to work because they
fried.
It's sad what happened to our society is I think there there isn't any um hope that much. Like I was reading that that uh the way most people are buying houses, they're not buying houses now they're inheriting or So it's more
like uh where I was born in south America, that already has happened, so it's more like it's going in the direction of places that are now kind of semi failed. It's kind of scary.
What's
this? Oh my God, no we didn't speak 25 minutes did we?
No because it's 12 24 at least. I don't know when we started like 12 01 or something so
we should do
more minutes otherwise we won't fulfilled.
But I wish that there were more positive things. Also something that people that come from abroad notice and it's not only the us that the media scaring us too much negative neg negativity. Don't you think that when people are really scared they become more conservative and they become more um reactive and let less deep thinking so we really want to be careful about that.
true, that's true. There
are some some continuity but even like okay I don't know your politics but I can I can surmise. I did not like trump, he's a
narcissist
and he says outrageous things. And to me being outrageous, doesn't mean being honest and being polite, doesn't mean not being honest, right? Uh I know politicians are bad, but we should have some politeness. I'm not a
little level of behind this, right?
Yeah,
but the
world
hasn't ended either. It's not like we all disappeared or something. So when with biden coming in, I mean, he's like kind of average, but it's not going to be the end of the world either. It's not gonna be a savior and it's not going to be the end of the world. There are no saviors, really.
I won't
because the people are so loud on the ride there. Really
wild.
Um my partner, we were going to visit my son in Olympia and he took a picture um of these people that were for a Republican candidate. And there was this woman that was in blue and and and red and white, you know, like very patriotic and on each side she had guns like he had two guns, one here like on a holster type thing and one here and she was jumping up and down with like uh political stuff. And I'm saying, ok, she she wants to be for gun rights. I said, I understand that. But on the other hand, it also also seems like intimidating
that what that should be like, they should stay stand far away. I saw that in the news that there were people that the police had to escort them. I would be afraid if I was one of those barely paid or volunteer people doing all that hard
work.
We're too much conspiracy theories. And uh I don't know, it's not just Russia, Russia's fault. I always said that with the with the media stuff that Russia did. Um I mean, I think people try different countries try to um interfere with their rivals business all the time. It always has happened. But what about the mentality of the people that just believe outrageous thing? Because those kids that were laughing and and making up things and wherever they were in europe and like uh Macedonia or someplace I read, they were just having fun. They were saying, let's think of something else stupid, and they were
like
making
memes right and laughing okay. They were getting paid to do that and they were having fun and they were coming up with really stupid memes, but some people were just buying it, what's wrong?
How can that be? You know, you have to say, well, what what is the mechanism for that? Is it that when somebody is getting an abortion, let's say that they're under than they do some other things. But think about that takes time, right? And then the person wakes up, they'll notice that they have a scar where they weren't supposed to have it. Are there like a million times, like, like lots of reports about women saying I have this strange scar. Wouldn't you see that on the news?
Well, I
don't I don't believe
in late term abortions unless it's like something that is extraordinary, right? But but at the same time, I don't know, it's a slippery slope to start legal uh, to start curtailing thanks so much.
the
mother is going to die or something. Of course.
Well,
that that is definitely a baby in there before, when it's a fetus. I mean, people have spontaneous abortions all the time, so there that they don't have a heart, they don't have a brain, you know? Um, I don't know. And, and besides that, it shouldn't be. I remember I helped an organization that was religious become incorporated. And I remember one of the rules was to not be as, as a nonprofit religious organizations to not be actively involved in politics
in order
to get that tax break. They had to promise. Now, I don't know if that's true. That was in California. I don't know if that's true everywhere, but it seems like, uh, churches and things had, a lot of them have become primarily political.
And I can understand people voting for their constituency or their beliefs, but why is it necessary for people to want to make laws for everybody? Right,
or
even have counseling in your church that where people
come in and you give them counseling, you know? But don't go out there and uh and and and and you know, uh my ex husband had a colleague who went one time to uh an abortion clinic and was holding hands with other people. They made a line so that the people that the doctors and the patients which weren't all there for getting an abortion obviously for all all hyper things wouldn't get harassed. And one of the things that was happening was cameras came in and these people that pretended to be so nice and good. One lady was like crouching in front of her and stabbing her hand, hoping that she would like push her or something so that it would look like the people that were there to protect the clinic were evil
that's hurting someone. She actually ended up with a bloody hand.
And also and then what about the kids that are born are they should be the first ones and then that should be volunteering and like in orphanages and they should be the ones that are saying like we should give poor poor women all the vitamins and prenatal care because
if they really care about life they should be caring about not an unborn life only but born life too.
we'll
taste.
Yeah it was nice meeting you. Stay safe. What?
Take care? Uh huh.