Well
I know. How are you?
Um Not really. I only started maybe like a week or two ago. I I've done one other of use of like better up conversation once before though. How about you? Mhm.
Oh what? You can do six per like oh I thought it was just six total.
No
that's
Right. It's only that's like 14 bucks or so for like 45 minutes. Like you know it's it's a good deal.
Yeah that's pretty true. It pays more than my actual job so. Right.
Well
yeah. Yeah I get what you mean there. Yeah I like recently just got a job to after not working for a while and it's like not a lot of money but it makes me feel like I can just do some things without having like it's nice to not have to like ask for money. So. Yeah
exactly. That's what I feel like I'm like like I don't want to ask for anything that's not like entirely necessary, you know, stuff like that, so. Yeah.
I said I don't think I ever have actually. Yeah.
Oh yeah, that's kinda odd. Yeah. Well, I mean did they
talk to the researcher, did they like get it all sorted out?
that's a good deal.
Yeah. Yeah, I kind of said genuinely all been like pretty uh you know uh open to communication and stuff and usually they are like pretty clear with the instructions anyway and everything. It's nice.
Exactly. Yeah, I hate taking those marketing surveys and stuff like I tried this for a while and I just yeah, like I think it's actually contributing to something rather than just like letting people sell more stuff, so.
God. Yeah, it feels less like creepy.
I'm from texas. What about you?
Well that's not. Is it cold up there right now?
honey.
I don't think I've never actually seen that much like ever, well not since I've moved from Virginia when I was like really little, so I'm like nervous to like move my partner and I are talking about moving to somewhere that could potentially be colder and I'm just like, oh, I'm going to die. Yeah.
is a very good point. Yeah, Well, I'm chronically ill too, so like a lot of times, like my pain levels will go up when it's really cold, so what?
Yeah, but like, I don't want to stay in this house that I don't even really want to stay in the States honestly, because it's, you know,
I mean, it's been all right for me so far. Like I had to leave work like um before I think we've got really bad anyway because of my health, so because I was doing like a like a really physical job before and then it just kind of like my health just so I had to like, I mean, I've just been home for the most part anyway. What
about you?
I guess
that,
I mean that's it's good for, I guess.
I actually had to grab like that too for a while. I was a caretaker for people with developmental disabilities, but my patients were all like a lot, like I pretty much didn't have any ambulatory patients at all, so like
Well,
But she can't work with him because he has autism. That's very odd.
I won't.
Well, that's
not
Does he tell people online when he's playing games?
Oh yeah, I see. Uh huh
Right. You really can't do that much. Like everyone's just kind of been on hold for almost a year now and still not like much of an end and say like, you know, I know there was
that vaccine, but it's not like, you know, available to the public yet. So it's still, you know,
if that's
gonna
take
Oh there yeah, texas is not even that careful, like texas pretty much only closed down for two weeks and then everything is like whatever were born now, so, so
Very
I'm pretty sure texas is really bad. Like I know the Houston hospitals have gotten really bad, like that's where I'm from, but I'm not living there now. I want to see actually how bad is texas. Uh let's see map of covid cases. Yeah, texas is like uh texas is they're pretty red. Like here's like what I'm seeing right
now.
Yeah, it's pretty rough.
I
hate
that
stuff.
No.
exactly. And like people, I think a lot of people who don't realize that there's actually a lot of things that make you high risk, like my parents think that they're going to be fun, but they both have hypertension which actually classifies you as high risk. So I don't know it like freaks me out when they, you know, talk about just going out all the time and all that. And I like sit at home and worry here because there like they don't live with me. So I don't know.
Exactly. Like I, I feel like a lot of people don't see that part, They're just like, well I don't have it so it's fine you know
like.
Born.
yeah there's all these conspiracy things like oh like all this stuff is going to die down after the election. It's all political
like
people
take
the numbers right?
Like
your job.
Exactly like it's not just like about the american election like uh
exactly. I know England's like super bad too. I know the U. K. Has just gotten really bad so like
everywhere
but I don't know why it's like turning into some political thing to not want other people to die so
I don't I
don't
Yeah. Yeah and I don't care what people think like it's actually worse here than it is like in china where it was supposed to have originated from so like I don't get what people think that it's like useless to shut down or anything people don't know just worried more about the economy than people dying and I don't
know
That's
only
back.
Right, we'll see. And I feel like everything lately has just made the U. S. So like a merry centric, you know, so people like people are like kind of closing off their minds and like their information to the rest of the world at the moment because there's so much going on just here and it's kind
of
making people.
That's
crazy.
And
three
I don't
know.
I feel
like it's
just everyone
works
like everyone
hey man.
Which
is
because our country is like one of the uh we're technically like the worst off out of a lot of developed countries. Like we have like some of the poorest middle class and the least amount of health care and like all this other stuff like we have, we're supposed to have all these resources, but like they don't actually make it down to most people, so
it's
no.
Yeah. But then there's no actual jobs available to young people. Like, especially if you don't have an education yet. Like it's pretty much just like you're lucky if you can get maybe $10 an hour. Like that's lucky. So it's crazy.
And he gets a free car to like your cars
so much
of your money.
That's
crazy.
Like you are all these things right. Like you can go to school and do all these things, but then you end up like $200,000 in debt. And with a job that maybe pays you like $15 an hour, like at best.
It's
necklace
and
some
people don't
have jobs at all.
Mhm. Like you're lucky if you can find even in any job in your field like let alone like get a good wage. So.
Exactly. Look, I've met people who are like in their seventies like working like at retail jobs and stuff like that, still like doing physical work and it's like I just
saw.
When?
Yeah. And now there's uh there's supposed to be another wave of evictions coming out in like january already
and like
I don't think so. I have
From the entire
nation.
Yeah right there. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. And like, I don't know, it's just crazy to me, like I don't, and the fact that so many things like uh turn into politics when like, like I I feel like human rights and things like that shouldn't just be political at all. Like politics shouldn't, you know, we shouldn't have to decide every every four years whether or not we get rights or not.
instead
no,
me neither.
like
Yeah.
Well
I
don't
exactly. Well largely to because basically the whole democratic party just so let's just pick the lesser of two evils, so we end up with we just keep ending up with like further like the democratic party just keep scooting right to match the right wing party. So
it's
I heard
that everyone else. Yeah.
exactly like people were standing out and protesting in front of like polling places with guns like that's it's seen
great
more. Yeah and but then there's still all these people like it's like the most closely watched election of all time and like uh people are still claiming that it's like its fake and people you know like votes were faked and everything and I don't know it's crazy
so
go
on.
I get it. I don't get it like uh my mother once told me something about how like in like planned parenthood and stuff that they were harvesting organs and all these things and like I I don't even know that there was like you know like
yeah I don't even know like or that they're hard like they're like trying to push people to have abortions like when they're like four months in or something like crazy stuff like that like. Like no people don't have abortions
that
there.
Yeah. Well the thing is the thing that they don't actually perform, no one has a late term abortion unless you it is medically necessary. Like if you wanted to have an abortion, you would have had it months ago before it kept wrecking your body the pregnancy and everything. So it's I don't
know.
Yeah. The only way it happens like
no one,
That's God.
I mean
exactly. Like a lot of them are like do have like political involvement and like a lot of policies are written based on political are based on religious arguments and things like that.
Exactly. Like if you are not for abortions just don't get an abortion. So
it's
war.
Yeah. That's crazy. I I can't stand that stuff.
Oh my God. That's crazy like. Yes, let's protect our life but let me stab this lady. God.
Background
exactly that I just don't get all these arguments here like yes, let's not be anti abortion but also anti social services. I don't know anyway. I do have to run. I have a doctor's appointment coming
up, but
really nice talking to you.
Thank you. You too.