hope. Uh second. Mm hmm, you can hear me
Uh yeah, I got him awesome.
Hey, how's it going?
going on about lunchtime over here where I am cool, what's your name?
Tory? Nice to meet you. Tory. My name is Arnold uh
probably not, but it's still to introduce. Uh so Tory, where you from?
There's
Okay, I mean I'm in florida uh Fort Myers
florida,
Okay, so it makes sense that it's it's morning over there. Uh cool, yeah, I've been to the west coast, I was actually born in Los Angeles and lived there a few years, went to graduate school there as well, so
well, no, I
was in
graduate
school. Okay, cool. College, what are you saying?
Computer engineering? Sweet, sweet. I studied city planning for urban planning, so that's kind of what I do for work well, I work with Transit, specifically, I'm a data analyst and so yeah, with buses and transit systems and things like that, so
so you know, I have hobbies that I need to fund and
but I also have like you know, responsibilities to you know, for the family and everything, so I don't want to
spend work of money or whether I just have strengthening money for my hobbies and uh they change all the time depending them. I'm really into video games right now and uh I was able to finally buy a switch. They've been out of uh stock
throat.
Yeah, so it's been a bit of a treasure hunt, but I think I was able to get one for a decent price, so that's something I've been doing before that I was into magic, the gathering super expensive hobby by the way.
Oh yeah, I played dungeons and dragons to for for a little while. Um But yeah right now I'm into video games and online trivia, so I do some of that um Yeah that's what I've been doing to occupy my time mostly uh indoor stuff because you know
so.
I guess you're not having classes in person, right, so
I can't imagine there's too much to do if your your students do you do anything for work or?
Got it. Uh So yeah I guess you're just in your apartment all day then doing school
or work or or whatever. Okay that's
what are some of your hobbies?
Oh I've never heard of that, that hobby or that collection time,
do you just collect them or do you actually like draw with them or something?
Got it. I think I remember like when I was younger having an art class we had to use like these calligraphy pens or something, I hate going to get you have to dip them in the in the ink and then the lines don't come out. You both?
Yeah. So um
this is my third one.
Uh They
It
was what happened?
That, that sounds fun I guess. Uh No, my the two that I've done been pretty okay. Uh One was within another college student in Georgia. Um She was really fun and there are stories like when we first started getting quarantined and so uh we were both kind of just not sure what was gonna happen. So we talked about that a lot. The second was was a lady that works uh in I think corrections in California or something. Um like an HR and so she talked a little bit about her career and things. She does, we talked about what we do for work with her, you know, work goals that were sadly for her, her ultimate goal was to win the lottery. Uh which sounds kind of depressing. Um
guarantee
it.
Mm, No. Yeah, I had had dreams and goals of becoming a university professor. Those kind of went by the wayside. So, but at least I'm doing something I'm good at. Uh I'm grateful for that. And you know, I don't want to stay in my job for a long time. I want to move on to something new, something exciting. But the thing is, a lot of places require a lot of experience now and
how can you get experience of every place requires experience. So I kind of had a late start
because you know, I also went to graduate school and I tried for a PhD and failed. And so here I am almost 30. No experience, what do I do? So I just had to grab a regular job, hang on for a few years and then I can qualify for some of the juicy stuff. Mhm.
My bachelors was in geography, my masters was in urban planning um and I was getting a PhD in city playing as well, but I only got two years into that before I dropped out. So that's kind of where you know, I've been the last few years jumping around. I started my undergraduate at BYU and then got my Masters at USC and then I was going to work in my PhD at Ohio State, so
all over the country and now I'm in florida so yeah.
right now is abandoned.
No, when I was just starting college is when the 2000 and eight recession happened,
so I was like, okay, well at least I'm gonna say from the, you know, college vote for for a little bit, but I stayed
I stayed
in there and I got out and got a job before this happened. So I found the right window and it's a pretty sweet job. It's with the government. So, you know, really good,
a lot of benefits. You're considered an essential worker. So I was able to keep my job through all this. I'm able to work from home like right now with my lunch break, so I'm able to, you know uh some some hobby money to help me keep me staying at home because I also don't go out for anything. I mean there's nothing.
it's
all
sudden dangerous.
So, mm hmm,
exciting times like we'll be able to tell our grandchildren back in my day.
You spoiled little kids with your autoimmunities. But
But when you're in it, it it doesn't feel so, so exciting or anything.
Cool. Have you worked on any, like major computer science projects or things like that?
I
see. So you don't have like any pet projects or hobbies related to?
Did you go into college knowing a little bit of program or did you learn it all there?
The
browser?
the chroma
section. You modified it. O only. What did you modify it to do?
So
you were
the one who did that?
All
Yeah, because before I knew that existed, I just had the window open on one of my monitors. Just keep an eye out to see when you know something, something would pop up.
40.
because I was wondering
how do people get to do so fast? Right.
I'm not like a platform like it pays relatively well compared to other survey websites. Before this. I made one of my, most of my hobby money playing the trivia games. You know, trivia apps like HQ trivia, I'm not sure if you were, there's
like there's like
these
online,
there were like these online apps where you played live trivia with other people and they would give out prizes if you made it through 12 questions or something like that. It was really popular like a couple years back. However, all those,
it's
dead
give away a lot of money but didn't really have a good business model. So once the venture capital, you know, it was a flash in the provincial capital disappeared, all the money dried up and all the apps kind of bankrupt. So
I had to find a new way. I was pretty good at it too so I was able to support some of my hobbies but now it's like okay, well I guess I have to, you know, saw my my opinions and personal info in order to make some cash.
I
don't know.
It's
not
a big one called survey junkie,
you know to
I
don't
I think
survey junkie is like that too, but there's a whole bunch that are like that. The other one I do is amazon turk Yeah. In trick yeah.
To
get some amazon random and missile and stuff but I just want.
I remember about that range to I'm not making living. Obviously it's more and more so that I can just have me money rather than money that you know, this belongs to my family. So uh jesper
Their their
their
schemes,
interesting.
Uh the head of that,
I've tried some of those gaming ones like this is ridiculous, this is dumb, we're not doing it. Uh huh. Yeah.
$2000
wow, let me do it again. $5000.
I know, but just trying to take advantage of of people real quick, show them some advertisements and then make the app disappear, so
it's
like because you're
still
close and you already,
you know the costs already they're hopeful much time you have to keep,
keep
going, so but yeah, um have you tried like maybe leveraging your programming skills to like do tasks like on fiber or on up work or something like that?
All
that's great.
Um while I was at USC I signed up for uh there's like an economics lab and they ran in person trials and experiments. Uh huh Right.
I don't think it was that it was like a college on campus that you physically show up to to their laboratory and you would participate in activities and focus groups and things with the people there. And some of the stuff was just weird, like a couple of times they had a stick our arms into a bucket of ice cold water and hold it down there for like five minutes. I
don't know
why. They they never explained anything. They do, they just give us a task, but most of it was like game theory related tasks. Uh just your may be competing with other people in the room to get something you need to get your objective. So do you cooperate? Do you try to sabotage and things like that? Um So
Record
wheat. Um So. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I did well I know some programming namely C sharp and in python related to stuff I did for my major. Uh huh. There's
uh you know we work with geo databases and and global graphical geographical information systems and so you do need to know some coding for that. I I went into college doing absolutely no coding and I had to choose uh you know it came time to choose a minor and I was like well I have a lot of credits from high school, from ap classes and stuff to get a spanish minor really easily. But you know I don't really need a degree to tell people I can speak spanish, I can just say it. So how about I'm just gonna take a whole bunch of programming electives and so that's how I learned first C sharp because yeah because Microsoft
you know throws out their their stuff free to students and then so that they can trap you when you're an adult and you have to pay for their stuff because I don't know them. But then I also learned python which you know it's a lot more free uh available later on. I think I learned python. Oh yeah I didn't learn python until I was at Ohio State but it was pretty easy and straightforward. Uh huh. And
well
well
if
if
you just there's just python at least is really good for scripting. Especially data mining on the internet, that's how I've used it. Like for example an up work, I looked through some of the jobs, there, there was one guy who wanted to uh sort of data mining data from the baseball stats so that he could, you know, runs a blog for the SAn Francisco giants. And so he wanted data to be automatically download onto a spreadsheet, so he wanted someone to cut it, and I was like, I'll give it a shot, I wasn't exactly sure I was going to do it, but I knew I had the tools to do that, and so I went in to get some python, found out where all the baseball stats are stored online, be able to retrieve the data and then sort of organizing and print it out to a spreadsheet. So I delivered to the guy, and I was like, oh, I actually need this for a Mac, and I only do pC stuff. Mhm. Yeah.
the
script
would run on his
computer, so I had the script had to be compatible with Mac and I only had a PC, so I had to go to my cousin say, hey, I don't have a Mac, I can't really afford them back to, you know, a job that's going to pay me wait less Mac as well. So I'm gonna send you a whole bunch of code that you can, you test on your, you can do that for me, It works on the Mac. And so I did a lot of Googling and figured out how to package the information. So it works on a Mac and managed to work and got paid for that job. But man, spent that may be way more time
on
that project than it was worth. But I got it done and it was really, really exciting. And so I would.
True.
But
that's something
that,
you know, maybe I can recommend you to do to just take a project that you think you can do, but you're not sure and just go for it. Uh maybe not, you know, make it too high stakes where there's a client expecting to protect, but just kind of how you did modifications to the, to the extension, you can just find something that people want to do or have access to and make a script to be able to download that. Stick something up on, get hub. I don't know what the kids are using these days for a cook. Okay, cool. I've
been
out
of the
game for a while, but and just start your, you know, your own little code per foot portfolio and it doesn't have to be too fancy. Um you know, there's a couple of projects that I've gotten out there published, mainly they're just not really useful to anybody except for a few select special interest groups. Have one that you retrieve special transit data from the government and sort of maps it out automatically. Um And then there was another uh piece of code that I helped contribute to that downloads information from an online game. Um and increase charts and rankings and things like that. Uh
Well
you have
your
pens,
can you think of a programming product? Mix is cool.
True,
but
if you can maybe create a website where it's like attracts the prices of all the pens, you know, sort of like a price tracker. So you know when it's good to buy a pen and sell a pen, you know, when it gets low and high based on the prices of different marketplaces, for example. Um Yeah, so just trying to think of random projects that might be, might be fun for you to try, but yeah, no, I'm assuming your undergraduate. Yeah. Uh
Okay. So
you have uh, exciting times ahead of you, definitely take advantage of them. Don't be like me looking back. It's like, oh man, those were the days like when I was, yeah, I could stay up all night America everything.
No,
no,
on
the other
side, you
know, what is it waiting for you bills
more
like
everything
charges,
but you won't
have
to worry about credit
score.
Beautiful.
that's
good.
It's
just
then then you go to work and it's the same thing every single day. There's no summer break. There's no spring break, it's 8 to 5. You don't get to walk in between places between classes. You don't even get that break your in the same room all day with the same people.
Come on.
like if
the robot
can
do
it
then why are they paying you for? You know um
Actually
that might
be
fun
task where if you're stuck in a job like that figure out how to automate the process so that your boss gives you a task that they assume we'll take you all day to do. But then you have a little script five minutes you're done the rest of the day and then you can just tell you both. Yeah I'm working on it a
normal
pace.
I'm
sorry.
that's
true.
You may need to go up to your boss with a proposal hey what if I invest you know a few hours on this to automate this process. You don't save your business thousands of dollars. And all you have to do is give me a raise. But yeah and my work that's actually part of what I'm doing, I'm not only data analyst but I'm also in charge of figure out how to make data more efficient for data collection more efficient before everybody tracks it on spreadsheets. Because spreadsheets are the standard. But with spreadsheets you have versioning control, you have issues with uh data referencing. Like two with two spreadsheets go out of out of sync. How do you connect them back together? So I've been working on crete central databases. Central Leader repository online using SharePoint in order so that whenever somebody needs a piece of data they all go to the central place where it's located. Rather than trying to find a spreadsheet somewhere that may or may not be the original. So different departments are tracking the same number than that same number three in the same place, not in each department's uh database or separate structure on the spreadsheet.
And
you know I
didn't even
particularly
study coding is just I think it's just important that everyone has a computer literacy and your generation, you know, your your digital natives. And so that skill will be definitely useful because my work is full of boomers. They know nothing. A number of times I've had to go to my co workers next door because they need help figuring out how a piece of software works or why their computers and working or doing something. And how many times I just, you know, you just click here there you're done and they're like, oh okay, thank you. And then yeah,
next
week
the same
question,
they
forgot
how
it works or it's not intuitive
to them.
So yeah it's like take any any field of work we bring a some knowledge of programming or coding or computer science automatically. You're extremely useful. Um And so you know whatever you end up doing the knowledge you're getting is definitely going to be awesome. Just don't be too excited to get through it too quickly, definitely enjoy it because things start getting a bit repetitive when you're an adult um when you wish is like
I mean yeah definitely.
I
do remember having that anxiety of like oh I have to prove myself somehow and degree is it? But people don't just care about degrees is what I find out they care about experience. It sounds like you've got an internships and sure. Great. Um.
you
can you can spin it spin it.
I definitely
took more of a research angle during school. I didn't really do too many internships, a couple of summer ones, but mostly I worked with professors and actually have three for publications actually um research peer reviewed articles and I and I was useful to professor because I knew how to program and they, these professors they have research ideas but they don't have the students because you know you have these singlish professor that wants to study how often certain word appears on a piece of literature and they can't do it because they don't know programming, their students, their english students, they don't know programming. They have to go find someone from, you know computer science department help them for those computer science students they don't know english. So right, they can't really get with their projects. So I had a geography professor that had this idea but required required a lot of programming. And I was the only only one of his students that knew anything about programming. So he says, hey, help me with this thing, I'll make your research assistant and I'll pay you to program this listening for project. And because I did, so I was able to be a co author and the papers he wrote regarding that project. Yeah,
I
wasn't,
I
wasn't
me.
It was
actually
that
professor
that told
me that you have what it takes to go to graduate school. Then I went to graduate school, got involved in research and the professors that you have what it takes to go to PhD. It's like, okay, I'll do that, I'll go to Ph D and a PhD and is like, uh maybe this wasn't the right idea, so I had to get out of there because uh school doesn't pay very much by the way. Uh Yeah.
unless
you make
it
all the
way. But the thing is, if ironically would have been this year I would have graduated with my PhD had I stayed in school and good luck finding a job right now. So it worked out in the long run. But yeah, it was, it was a good time in my life. College. I wish I would have enjoyed it a bit more, had not been too excited to get to that because now that I'm at the other end, it's it's really like a rat race, but hopefully you'll be able to find something exciting to do more so than me and I'm just stuck in my house, you know,
answering
surveys that I can play video games after work, but of course not.
Are
you into trivia
or anything
like
that?
I
belong
to some
discord
servers
where
we play trivia, That's kind of my other big hobby. And so I'm just curious if you were injured. The other college student I talked to was super excited about tribute and stuff. So, but yeah, anyway, it looks like our time is up.
and it's nice talking to you and see if I can do this. Tory. Awesome. Okay. Yeah. You got it. Also,
we'll take care. It was nice talking to you and have fun in college by