Thank you. Yeah. Oh, okay, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, because Yeah, yeah, Okay. Mhm, mhm Okay. Oh, Uh huh, Uh huh, mhm Right, mm hmm. Oh uh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I can hear you. What about me,
school?
It's going good, I just woke up about you.
Um you can call me Tory,
I don't know if I do remember that,
um I'm from like the west
coast of America,
so we're
like your GST and PST
you're here in graduate school,
I'm
still
in college.
And to think of your engineering,
and you're, you're still using prolific just for some side cash? Yeah,
uh same here.
I see.
have it now
and I haven't been able to buy one.
Yeah, it is, I put it, but it didn't dragon, it's expensive for those little green.
indoors,
yeah, I've just been doing much of service. I just have too much time on my hands and also taking classes. But it's like a part time student. It's like you have all these hours that can't do anything. So I just
yeah they're online. I mean you stop the attendant but it's really not big of a workload. Yeah.
Um I have a part time job but it's kind of also like remote so it's really just much of data entry stuff. I related. My major system. Extra cash.
much.
I mean this is a nice way to earn some hobby money too. I have expensive hobbies.
Um I'm really the fountain pens so I like the case here. These are some my fountain pens.
I mean here's a recent when I got this one is pretty expensive actually. Like they don't look like much but they really add up.
I collect them and then like I take notes and stuff them with classes, I guess just because I'm more of a student still. I wanted this kind of stuff.
Uh remember I take drafting classes, I tried using sound and tens and like it was a mess because the ruler just slide all over the place and smears. Mm
Is this your first time doing the interview thing?
This thing is your third one, wow,
is my second, but my first one was kind of
weird.
Yeah, the guy was like completely, he was completely like, like he made um quarantine basically been like, like uh coronavirus all political and he was all like, oh, the government's like suppressing your rights and I just want to like talk the whole way through and I'm like, okay, I'll stay here and listen. Cool.
I mean it's a goal, but there's no really way
too
strive for it. It's just luck, you know, maybe it'll happen.
of course.
Well,
You have a master's or bachelor's?
The whole thing,
okay, well I hope I can get a job out of college doesn't seem practical at this point because like
no general or anything
yikes
thank
you.
there's a lot of benefits.
Yeah, only for shopping or fast
food
or something
to go.
Crazy out there.
Oh yeah, when I was younger I went through a pandemic.
it's going to be interesting. There's definitely a history moment.
it's like okay, it wins it over this, this is cool for the first month. Mm
Just minor stuff for classes. Honestly, I'm not getting enough like practice done from my glasses and I'm kind of worried about how that's gonna translate. So when I get apply for internships
and stuff.
No, not really. Actually. I know it should start on something, but it's like, I feel like I haven't gone through college enough that I have the skills to do. So like I could do simple games and like python or C plus plus, but nothing that's like, oh, I can like get a website and get all the data and transcribe into all this stuff like that. That sounds cool. That sounds practical.
Oh yeah, I knew a bit just from like high school classes. Oh, the most notable thing I can make with my programming skills is I took the prolific assistant and I modified
it. Yeah,
I'm sure you're using it to the, the, what's it called? The chrome
extension.
Um So you know when it pops up on your computer um it shows up as like the title of the survey and then the person's name. So I modified it so instead it would and it says out like um a new study available and prolific right? So I changed it to instead of new study available but it made it say like one slot available prolific 10 slots available. And then instead of the title and the person's name it would show the price and then how many slots are available. So it's one like
I just don't
bother.
No I didn't do that. I took the one that's already existing. I modified it. Yeah I wish I could do that. That sounds so cool. But like
I read through the code it's quite complicated actually. I think they made it purposely complicated so you couldn't it was hard to edit.
I was on like red or so
and people are talking about him like, oh what's this? So I just downloaded
it.
I know right one flaw available. There's there's just going to try sometimes shows about zero.
Like what?
I don't
know what
that is.
I'm
guessing it's
kind of dead. Oh,
huh That's a she,
I think politics pretty good
protecting
her. And so I've seen some of the other sites like uh shoot,
what's it
called?
Oh gosh, well that's kind of like a
website where people can make their own surveys, but there's like, I
don't
remember, it was it's like really badly format and every time I click on one it was like you after like five questions, they're like, oh you don't qualify. It's like okay, that was a waste
of time.
do amazon turk
as well.
Yeah I found it just too complicated to navigate and like how you have to your social and all that. I just felt like that too much in the future and I'm actually like actually need to the money, I'm just doing this for like hobbies, I get like $50 a month and I'm like yeah.
All the gaming ones like don't work where they make you play like
it's like
gambling
stuff but then once you get when you get close it's like they just stop. The only one I found that did work was there is that uh Tetris app where you play Tetris against like thousands of people. And if you score top 100 you get money or like you get a chance
that money.
Yeah I mean you have to be pretty good teachers. I've only won $5 from it because like it's like if you meet the minimum like level or like value, you get put into a lottery. But if you meet like, you know top 100 you're kind of guaranteed not coming. Yeah.
You see the advertisements everywhere where it's like oh I need to buy something, let me just look at my phone and like swipe
a bit. Here you go.
So bad.
Mhm. They just make it impossible to cash out like you get close or you do meet it and they're like, oh we're out of the gift
cards
even
though
it's making you
something
cost.
I don't I don't see as very practical in my sense because like people can ask me, hey, can you do this? And most likely I'll say no, I don't know how I'm just not advanced enough maybe in the future you know when I got a job they'll all be good. But right now I'm just doing simple tasks like this. Or like there's a lot of university surveys where I
just search up pay university surveys and then like up comes up to college students and that's pretty easy. Like Harvard had one where they had an escape room and he had a solved like a bunch of puzzles with other contestants. It was pretty fun. Yeah it was like a dollar for 25 $25 per hour
not dollar
Is it the so no website?
that's
interesting.
Okay. Yeah that's what I'm doing right now but like lots of it is restricted to the only um specific college some of them don't specify. So I just sign up like I am part of that college but you know they're not they don't really check I. D. S. It's okay you're looking psychologist and I'm assuming you go to new york university or you
know pennsylvania state or something like that.
Hm.
That's pretty practical.
It's just like it kind of feels restricted to whatever assignment you're doing. Like I'm not sure how I can use it outside
of you know just a shell. It's like oh
I can
make numbers
appear.
Oh I mean a spreadsheet goes
across
different
computers.
That's
pretty
Yeah. Sounds like you learn a lot more than
than than
you got money
from
it.
Yeah we still
use
Git
hub.
Well it sounds like the projects you pick are definitely something you're passionate about. Like you know you're like, oh, actually want this because it's gonna be useful for me even though it's niche. But I guess that's where, that's where I'm lucky. I just need to find something
I'm actually passionate
about
to
make.
Yeah. Yeah. But that's all like, you know, on paper,
it's not very uh
digital.
Yeah. Still
just barely started.
I've already gone through my, I've gone through my freshman year and I'm like, I don't really like call it, I just want this to be over already. Even though I know like a bunch of people
having fun
and all of
them
just
like,
what? I know
you pay your bills, I pay
rent, I
pay utility
more.
I'm like your
car, You know,
your phone?
I don't have to pay for that yet,
but oh, mine's pretty good. So
I think
I'm good
for
that. But
had a part time job like
the summer before I start college, it was at a transportation industry. And so it was it was all just spreadsheets basically and um like transcribing stuff like I just felt like the company was very low tech and I don't know how to automate it. So they had someone to actually like manually do everything. Like they had a bunch of old documents, I just typed them up and it was like, it was so like mind numbing because they're requiring me thinking it was just like you're just doing
the exact
same thing
like
on
automatic.
I know, I just felt like their company just didn't know how to automate things and like the handwriting
on some
of the
stuff was like
terrible.
You sit
around,
yep. Uh huh. Problem was it was like an open office and like you can tell the new new hires are like the interns like me, they
were on
the front and like you know the boss and stuff in the back so it's like everyone back and see people in the front, I'm like well
I have
to test have a spreadsheet on my screen,
Pretty practical sounds
sounds
very
very
coating heavy.
No they're
like super
impressed
and like
whoa how'd you
do that?
And they're
like,
I
just know
Uh huh I'm already like excited to get a job. I mean excited as in like I'm hoping to get a job, I'm kind of like I was on my degree so I have something to put on the resonate if you're like
I have a
degree.
I mean it's not for coding related stuff, it's very like, you know just clark work I guess I'll explain it as in like you know it's kind of coding
orientated
but honestly
it's
Well that's really valuable I guess because
you're
are you aiming
to
go to grad
school?
You
kind of
knew you
want to do
research?
you don't get any scholarships and like I've heard um like you know the money you get compared to like someone who just has a bachelor degree, it doesn't
feel worth
it for
some
cases.
Hopefully,
hopefully.
that's pretty relatable. I'm doing surveys and watching shows and like I'll play too much video games, like not as big as some people, but I've gained your friends who are very obsessed over and I'm like, okay, I understand all the terms because you guys are talking about all the time,
but
I don't
have that
text
actually play anything. Um I'd say I think I'm okay at trivia, but you know, that's like this from like those casual trivia games, like trivia crack or like
quiz
up,
quit
something,
you
know?
Pretty interesting.
Arnold,