at all? Hi, can you hear me?
I can.
So my name is Michael.
Yeah, you are? I'm sorry
Marina. Excuse
Me. 1 2nd, Marina. Uh just getting adjusting my volume. I have a sinus thing going on so I have something blocking my right sinus if it's an issue. Let
Cool. So I don't really know much about, you know what this conversation
is coming
out.
the the message I got said that we could either be given some guidance or we could just mm you know, kind of do our own thing. I haven't received anything. I don't know if you have to give to give us guidance. So I guess we'll just uh wing it kind of thing.
So where where are you mary mack?
Yeah, North Carolina. And I'm in Asheville.
Where are you?
more like a big metro area?
What?
So
you've been to Astro, you know as well? Yeah.
it's very pretty. Uh and you know, I haven't spent a lot a lot of time um in big metro areas in north Carolina, you know, I've only ever been through the airport at some of the bigger uh metro's. Um But my brother has been living in Nashville for a long time, you know, 18 years. Uh my wife and I have been gypsies, so quick overview, was born in new york city, finished high school in London in England. Dance, had been born in England, lived there for 30 years, move back to the States and Uh spent 17 years in Vermont,
I told my daughter who's now like 32, if you ever want to know that the depth of my love for you, I spent 17 winters in Vermont so I could be near you when he was there. Absolutely brutal, the left of the year is great, but went to school and then uh once our kids were grown and sort of gone from the house, uh My wife, Anna and I had planned to just now find somewhere with a warmer climate. We didn't want to deal with it anymore. And we spent a year in texas. We spent four years in the pacific northwest. We spent a year in new Orleans, love new Orleans, which just really couldn't afford it. And you know, my brother lives here, we've been here to visit. We knew that we liked it. You know, it's very much a liberal arts town. Asheville, a lot of musicians, artists, um Progressive thinkers, if you will. uh I was a professional musician for 20 years and
I've met some great players to some really good musicians.
That's
I play
guitar, piano saying right, you know, you're quintessential front man.
So we got here I guess six years ago camped out with my brother for a few months. He was very patient and you know, let us get our feet wet and figure things out. Uh So my wife is now working for Mission Mission Hospital group, which is now actually hcia it's been sold to a for profit company about
a year ago, so she's a medical coder, she's doing that and I'm kind of semi retired. I had a book published last year, which,
yes, so that kind of uh
detailed my adventures as a musician. I did the prolific thing. I do some other market research stuff, but really uh you know, it just feels great after having been busy for so many years to just you know, be able not to be so busy and we watch movies and spend time with our cats and in the backyard. Yeah,
making music for fun. So anyway that's me um you know and obviously uh you know the the pandemic has totally changed. I like we'll get to that in a while so so that to me tell me about you.
No.
Yeah. My daughter watched her PhD last year. So
astrophysics which
is
kind of like my hobby so that's great I can pump her for information you know. So when is that clinical psychology? Uh
Tell me more about that. I worked uh and you start and writing in uh psychology that
was my other the other strength. My bow. So uh I don't know how much you know about humanistic psychology but uh you know fritz Perls and use child psychology and William like and the whole by energetic somatic approach to therapy both of which were incredibly useful to me
you know and my therapy which is what you know induced me to to trying to therapist. So so what
sort of disciplines are you involved in? Yeah.
Yeah.
Karen.
Yeah.
Okay. So on the CB key thing yeah.
Thank
you.
And now
I've heard I've heard the contraction but I don't know anything about it.
Different.
Yeah.
Get.
stuff
you're helping them when they're in crisis mode they can call you on the phone and you'll see them through whatever that little little whatever that whatever that crisis is. I
would imagine that that might not be such a quick fix that you could be on the phone with them for a while or now.
True.
Okay.
When
when we when do you finish your PhD program?
Okay. Are you a medical doctor as well or? Okay.
Diane
Okay. And you see it, he said it's been a 10 year process for you.
Yeah my dad's almost exactly, You know my daughter did she did four years undergrad at Columbia in new york, then she did uh an M. A. Program in a year uh and uh Cambridge and uh Britain. Mhm. Uh So that was five years and then you know stood five years to get her PhD and she she just got a last spring so it's uh you know, it's a lot of work, but if you've hopefully if you've chosen a field that inspires you, I don't know if you've ever heard the richard bach quote, the more I want to get something done, the less I call it work. Yeah. Uh you know, and I've certainly found that to be true. Yeah. My life and my daughter, Gemma uh loves what she does, you know, and although it gets busy, you know, and there are times and it's really a lot of work. She's passionate about what she does, she loves what she does does. So, you know, it's okay. How about you, do you feel like you chose a good field too? This is still inspire you in the way that you thought it would when you started out?
Yeah.
The second.
No.
Opening
what?
You know, Yeah.
What?
Yeah.
Well,
we
get your living expenses though, Right. Yeah.
Or,
Okay, great.
So you had yourself and will you wind up with a lot of student debt when all of a sudden?
That's great. That's
very
well what?
This is my cat, kevin, my pride and joy. Uh we have to, we have kevin uh there's a real tomcat boy. Yeah, very demanding. As you can see, he comes in from Sasha's during the day. I'm sitting in what I call my office chair. And if you like when we finish all get up and show you why it's from the 50s, the chair and you know it definitely looks like something that could have been in Graceland. You know and this is where I live my life now is from my Elvis chair. Um So he'll come in from massage, this is what he does, he kinda collapses on the arm of the chair and he's you know on partly on my lap and he demands to be vetted. And uh denying him requires a lot of uh firmness. Let's put it that way because when you want some boy you want it. But he's very cool cat, he's very vocal and very sociable and interactive. And then I guess a year ago uh Obama got another captain in a shelter yeah which I wasn't part of that process. She came home one day and she had to scout with her and um minnows me. She'd seen a photo of this cat at the local sector and fell in love with their uh understand why she's absolutely gorgeous camp. Uh huh. And she's totally different. She is kind of on the timid side and on the shy side it's taken and in particular is much more patient. Its signal a lot of time to uh it be willing to be petted and to share affection and so on and so forth. Although anna's got to the point now where they have a good because and I just wants to pick her up and hunger. You know which you can't do with this cat, it's not her nature. But she's got got her to the point where she can sit in her lap and brush her and you know and I'm I'm honored to be allowed to pet her on occasion, definitely allowed to feed her that I am definitely allowed to do uh
to keep her company while she eats. But she's not a very physical cat. So there are two very different animals.
You
know
that that would be difficult. Do
you have an answer?
What?
Right.
wow.
Well that's quite the mixed your poodle and golden retriever. Uh huh.
huh.
So are you are you going to keep him or you just fostering him?
Her
for?
Oh yeah, he's a handsome
boy. Can I see you again? Can I say it again? Mhm. Oh yeah, he's a lovely fellow. Hey look, so did you have his brother as well or you just fostered him?
What?
So
you say well it sounds like you're married.
But
Okay.
Yeah.
There are.
Okay. So um we haven't talked about the elephant in the room is of course the pandemic. Uh
huh. And I feel like you know, I feel like i is there anything about you that I didn't ask you about? I should know
where
everything about me that you feel like you need to know. Okay. So our guests then you know everything life has really changed for just about everybody. Um I would imagine there's a you know very small uh group of people at the very top of the economic scale and perhaps also the very bottom life hasn't changed as much but for everybody else it's been a huge change. So what what what do you make of it marina? What do you what's your take home? What's
going on? Mhm.
All right.
No.
What?
When you say you can't come in contact with it emotionally what does that mean? I don't understand that.
it to do
with you know the your work is very demanding emotionally. I mean I worked as a therapist for seven years. I know how demanding that is. So that's it. Would it be like the to the one on top of the other? Would just be too much that it would make it difficult for you to do your work and Okay.
No.
No.
Do
you not see clients in person? Yeah.
Even even before the pandemic you didn't see clients in person?
Now that
was just
so that much has changed for you. okay.
At
an
office I would imagine.
so are you doing, excuse me? I'm sorry, I'm just trying to adjust my screen a little bit so I can see more of you.
Um Yeah. So are you doing video sessions with people? Is that how you managed to keep going? Okay.
And how is that? Is that okay?
What?
So you used him that's the tool that you use? The video conferencing tool?
So
I know there's a lot of hip hop regulations that you need to be aware of and zoom has had a lot of privacy issues that have surfaced. So. No it's zoom like but it's not actually zoom.
What's the name of the hospital?
That where?
Yeah. Oh duk duk I'm sorry. Okay. You
must have been aware of Mission where you're, had you ever heard of Mission Hospital group out there? Yeah. Ok. Yeah
mm.
And I had been a dental hygienist for many years
and
then just decided she'd had enough every time we move from one state to another she had to get re certified which in Louisiana is enough to drive you to see someone like you just insane what she had to go through in Louisiana and we just decided we couldn't afford the real estate, that's what it really wants to and she couldn't deal with the licensing process in Louisiana was just too crazy. Which is how we wound up in Nashville, we figured well you know where else we're gonna go when you we like that. Still my brother was here, We haven't lived in a town where we had family for a long time. So it just felt like yeah let's check it out and it turned out to be a good idea. So uh it was research part of your PhD where you're doing research um What's your research about?
That sounds very interesting.
Right.
Back
More.
Okay. So what do you see yourself doing once you've once you've got your PhD and you're out into the wide world as it were? Right.
Brothers here?
Got it.
Move.
All
Yeah. So laying the foundation as it were. Yeah.
You mentioned Humanistic Psychology being part of what you do, you tell me a little bit about that or? Uh huh.
Are,
Yeah that sounds very cool.
Mm.
I have one last question for you if you're willing. Uh And I know you said you're not crazy about sharing yourself so I appreciate you are I appreciate you being open with me, I'm telling me about yourself. But um I'm just curious what it was that motivated you to start doing stuff with prolific and whether you enjoy it or not.
Yeah.
What?
Ah Nice. Yeah
I was doing something called user testing which is a similar kind of thing but there you go through a survey to see if you qualify to do the survey and you can do 10 surveys before you get one that you qualify for and the individual surveys once you qualify, paying more. But if you add up all the time it took you to qualify to get one survey you don't. And what I like about prolific is there's a bunch of different things I get to choose Which ones I do and you know, 99 out of 100. I'm pre qualified and I just go ahead and do it. And
yeah, and it's, you know, as I say, it just helps me to make my monthly nut and a lot of it uh, can be very interesting. You know, I had, he's too strange to my bow. I was a musician and songwriter on the one hand, but then I worked in radio. So I was a copywriter. I designed to ad campaigns for people. I help them to figure out how to position their business, you know, to increase their customer base kind of thing. So, you know, that's there there's a in some odd way there's a kind of correlation between
that
the research that a lot of the people are doing with. Okay. So
can
Yeah, it was uh it was nice to me. You let me ask you, do you like music? And what kind of music do you like?
Okay, so do you like show a crow for example, staying? No.
Okay. So who do you listen to? Who's what what kind of
some of
the artists?
more that Yeah. Yeah. Alright, stuff.
Did you ever listen to traffic? Mhm.
Steve
Winwood?
So what?
Oh yeah. Traffic. Where traffic were one of the first uh if you call it, I guess you'd call him a jam band, not a music based around improvisation. Steve Winwood is still pretty popular. He was the main uh singer writer in the band. But if you like classic rock, traffic are definitely good uh to check out mm I think, you know, a lot of my work was with british bands, more than more so than american bands. I did work with some american artists, but they were more uh you know, so black oriented, you know, like Gladys Knight and Tasha Holland people like that that I worked with. So that's problem.
so that's great. But anyway listen, it was really nice meeting you. I don't know if they're gonna ask us to connect again or whether they will find what we've done in this half an hour useful or not, but I've enjoyed getting to know you a little bit. It's