that's right Oh yeah, Uh huh, wow, good point. No, Yeah, Uh huh Mhm
Mhm Can you hear me?
Great?
Hi Michael, I'm marina
marina
want more
Not at all. Don't worry,
you're
thinking
that it's super weird. It's
Don't go.
I'm in north Carolina, how about you?
Oh, Nike's think I'm cool.
I'm in like the Raleigh Durham area. Mhm
Yeah, it would be nice to be in Asheville right now though, with all the um
isolation, I'm a scenery. That'd be
great.
I actually don't know if I've ever been to. So um I have a lot of friends though who like went to some of the school's out that way for college and so I've heard lovely things, I'm seeing pictures, you know? But there Right,
Oh, wow, that's so delightful.
amazing.
What
instrument did you play?
Goodbye?
that's so cool. Yeah.
On.
Congratulations
Pete.
sounds so great.
Um so let's see. Um I actually grew up in this area um I was born and raised here. I went away to college um in west Virginia. Um and then I was in Ohio and we were in Las Vegas for the last
year, so I've been finishing on my degree for the last like 10 years. Um So I? M in May will be done with my PhD in clinical psychology. Yeah, I'm super excited to be done. It was like the hardest thing.
Oh, great. What's her PhD in?
Good
for,
Mhm,
74.
No. Great.
it,
So um I clinical psychology is just like a broad level psychology. So um it's I see the gamut of like anxiety, depression um
my specialty areas actually eating disorders. So I see and then this last year I've seen lots of people with
chronic suicidal ideation and behaviours. Yeah.
So I do the ticket therapies that I do primarily are like cognitive behavioral therapy.
you have the CBT
thing and
then of course like which has um foundations and like humanistic um lens but um with like skill based training and then um I don't know if you've ever heard of dialectical behavior therapy.
Okay so it's called DBT. It's um it's true.
Uh It's a treatment that that's developed with people with chronic suicidal behaviours ideation. Um and was originally developed for people with borderline personality disorder. Um It's basically like people who have a really hard time with treatment and have a hard time inter personally so like doctors and people sort of didn't know how to treat this group of people.
Um And it's actually really lovely treatment if you're interested in it. Um It's long, it's um it's very intensive. So it's a year
of individual therapy.
You have group therapy and then they have something called phone coaching which means that your therapist is basically accessible to you via phone outside of session. Um So that you can help people generalize their skills. So the idea is that they can't just like call you for any little thing that comes up. It's more like hey I have this crisis situation and I'm having urges to engage in like really ineffective behaviours and what do I do? So you do a quick like okay these are the skills that you do, we'll talk about it more in session kind of like
by so you're helping people like apply it to real life. And
he's
it depends. So um in in this type of therapy we use like shaping, so if you're familiar with behavioral principles
essentially like you're helping keep your shaping people's behaviors through like reinforcement and things like that. So at the start, phone calls are longer, but as people get more skills, you shape them so that they are better able to do it sort of like on their own. Yeah,
so it's pretty cool. I really like it. Although um I I don't love like being accessible by phone. Um it's like it's burnout inducing. Um so next year I won't be doing the same thing. So I mean
it's been
I'm done. So I technically was supposed to walk in May. I'm done at my um We do like an internship which is kind of like a medical residency and I'm done with that on June 30. So I start my job in August
just a psychologist. So
um we don't prescribe medication but we do therapy. Yeah.
well including undergraduate, so it's like let's see, I did my undergraduate degree and then I did a Master's degree and I did my PhD. So this has been just like a long sort of process that the PhD was only I guess with my Master's and PhD it will be seven. So
Oh that's a good question. Um
Yeah I think so. There are definitely times during my PhD where I was like why did I do this? This is too hard. Um And I think part of what's, I don't know if it's hard but you know psychology compared to other mental health fields like social work or counselling psychology is a lot more stringent. Um So I was sort of like why didn't I just do like
two year master's degree and then I could have done this and been done with it. Um
But the training is really valuable, like the the idea is that psychologists do a lot more training in science beforehand. Um And so approach therapy in somewhat of a different way. Um And we're trained also in program development which is really nice, so the idea that like I could build out like a hospital program or something like that because we have specific training in that which is cool. Um So yeah I do I definitely feel like I'm in the right sort of field people who would describe me would say that I'm like a good listener and compassionate, you know, all that like stuff that you would want in a therapist. So that and I do like, I really love to help people. Um, it's really, really
warming when people do well
in therapy and like you say goodbye and they like spread their wings, you know? Um, I always tell people my goal is to for them to like not need me anymore, you know?
Uh huh. Like you work yourself
out of a job sort of, um, so that, that's really, really nice. Um, and it'll be, it'll be nice to be done with school. I think it's in a lot of ways sometimes felt like, um, like free, like I've been giving all this free labor, you know, in order to get my degree. Like we worked full time throughout this whole time that you're a working
therapist, the bare time you're in school, but you're just not getting compensated for it. And so that part
is just
heart.
the good thing about doing a PhD as you get like a stipend and so you can actually have to pay for school, which is great. Um versus like if you do what's called a society um that's like a doctorate of psychology instead of a doctor of philosophy and psychology and they don't pay for anything, so you have like loans and
you have to cover all your own costs and stuff, so this has been better than that. Yeah.
So
no.
I've been
left. I have friends who still have debt like um I was able to get that, I worked through college um and like had a situation in college where I was set up nicely. Um So I was able to like save enough money to cover my school expenses because the statement doesn't like totally bigger everything. Um, so I was really lucky, which is really nice.
it's your cat?
Uh huh.
Yeah. It is nice sometimes when the personalities balance each other out rather than if you have like two sort of like alpha males vying for top spot, like that
sounds
like a disaster.
So
yeah, actually my dog is under my desk right now. I don't know if you could, I don't think I could figure out like how to
See him. Let's see. Oh yeah, I can't like angle the computer, but he's a little um
like £15 dog. He's a poodle, like golden retriever mix um
laying on my feet right now.
Yeah. Well that's what we think. So he he's a um what is it called? He's a foster dogs that we got him when he was already like a year or two old. And so we're not totally sure what he is, but that's what he looks like. He's like white, tan color and he's got like the golden retriever tail, but he's little so he'd be like a mini uh
if that's what he is, we don't really know. Um
Oh no, we've had him for his seven now. We've had him for uh five, yeah, 5.5 years. Um
Actually
just had a birthday five days ago. Yeah, his name is Oliver. He's very cute. Um He was also like very timid when we first got him. Um He was really shy. He had an older brother who was just kind of like nasty a little bit, you know, he like would eat his food and would sort of like nip at other dogs and stuff like that. So, um oh, let's see. Here is a picture of him. I don't know if you could see.
Good.
yeah, we just took him and the reason for that, I feel guilty about it, you know? Um, but his brother was like with staff at people and like bark and bite and stuff and we were just like, we didn't want to do that. Um and it was our first dog. So we just like,
um didn't want to do that. But we got him when we lived in las Vegas and then we moved this past year and so brought him of course
with this,
you're not married. Um We've been
married for a year and a half.
Um, so
my husband, he works
for like an educational technology company um doing things I don't like totally understand um Why?
true.
No,
here is very
in
I were lucky enough that my husband is working from home and I'm working from home um
so that
we haven't been affected too much so far and I honestly like can't
come in contact with it like emotionally. So I do the like distancing on purpose so that I'm not like emotionally wrapped up and everything that's happening um board
I guess I choose not to like I choose to sort of like distract from everything that's happening because I don't like to think about it. Um It's a little like
work.
Yeah. Um and just in general like I feel like I tend to get really wrapped up in things even if they're not like happening to me. And so sometimes it just feels better to distance like appropriately, you know, I don't like come out my whole life, you know? But
I just sort of like stay away from the news and I get the news when I need it. Um and we just do our social distancing like we just haven't left the house to except for to go to grocery stores and stuff like that. So
we're just sort of like doing that thing and working and um
trying to like
nope.
Oh, I did. Yeah, I did. But right now
it's all
video.
all has changed. So I and I never worked from home before because I was just like seeing patients in person throughout the day and working
on the
bill.
Yeah. I work at a hospital. So Yeah.
Out
and
yeah it's okay, it's hard, you know, because you don't get as many like queues and it doesn't feel as like, you know, I'm talking with this person in the room. Um but you get used to it, I guess the only thing that's harder is looking at a screen all day because I'm not, you know, like our work is in person
and then I'm zoom calls all day. It's so weird. So yeah,
we use it's not zoom, it's like um it's a video software embedded in the electronic medical record, so it's um I don't even know the brand to be
on.
Exactly. Our organization was like we're not using zoom for that reason. Um So and we only started doing video sessions I think to like two weeks ago, like it's been a really long time to get it up and running um because they've been a little slower, I worked for like a really big hospital. And so in order for them to like roll out policies, it's taken a really long time, mm
I work at Duke
Jake Duke.
Yeah.
yep. So
you're cool.
that's
so great.
Um I do a bunch of different things um primarily weren't in eating disorders and then I also do a lot of research and athlete mental health. So one arm of my practices sports psychology and so work with athletes to help their performance and get the mental health treatment. So
it's fun, it's fun work. Um
mostly because it's more like the athletes I work with are higher functioning, so it's easier
work, you know? Um and I use that to balance with the harder work that I do with like people who are struggling with suicide and things like that, so it makes
it easier. Um So I'm not doing that, you know, all the time, but yeah.
I'd love to be in private practice, so I want to have my own business. Um Next year I'll be working in a treatment center for eating disorders,
which is great, so I'll spend some time doing that so I can get licensed and everything. Um and then hopefully eventually I'll be able to have my own practice and I really like working with the adolescent, so I'm hoping to work with
like youth athletes in the area. Um And I did gymnastics, so I'm probably like connect with some of the gymnasts in the area and stuff like that, so yeah, we'll
see sort of like where that goes. Um But I'm trying to actually work on some things right now to help me get like documents ready and like
start my website, like I'm trying to start doing stuff for that, so yeah,
Yeah, but we'll see you sort of where it goes.
I guess it doesn't necessarily like it's not a huge part, but it definitely like a foundation um I think just the only saying that I guess the foundation of that is just like humanistic principles around like being non judgmental with people and giving people autonomy and providing a space for them um are sort of the principles that I try to do throughout my work even though I'm doing like CBT and DVT, but um DBT that's a huge part of the world. It is like the nonjudgmental stance and um giving patients agency and things like that and being like a genuine person, Like there's a lot of emphasis on what they say, being like
radically genuine, which means that you're not you're not like the big psychologist in the chair like having no emotions, you're like a person talking to another person and you bring yourself to therapy, which I like a lot.
that makes sense. Um
But hey, I actually think we might be done with our time talk.
Oh yeah just like extra money. Um I found out about it from a friend who was doing it and now that I'm home like working from home, I have time to do surveys and um it's nice that they don't like screen you out like you you just qualify for studies so you don't have to spend a lot of time like doing a study to see if you qualify for it. Yeah
I mean I made like 100 bucks last month and I was like yes this is great, so
I just started like doing that. Yeah.
Yeah.
super easy.
have you
needed
first
there. That's super cool. Well thanks for sharing that.
I like like alternative rock, classic rock kind of music.
I yeah I guess so, I don't even really listened to them but
I
listen
to like Blink 182 and some 41 and um like a day to remember and all that kind of stuff. Yes.
And then like I guess the classic stuff I listen to is like Van Halen and Zeppelin and um Arrowsmith. Uh huh
Should
I take
the math though?
Should I check them out though?
That's awesome. Good for you.
insane. It was so nice to meet you and hear about like all the stuff you've done. It sounds really cool. Um and take care right now help you guys are safe and all that stuff.